Marco Barrientos

Marco Barrientos (born June 28, 1963) is a Christian singer, pastor, author, teacher, and speaker known for combining practical biblical principles with the flow of prophetic songs. Known for his songs such as "Será llena la tierra", "El camino del señor es perfecto", "Los muros caen", "Ven, espíritu, ven", "No hay nadie como tú", "Hosanna", "Nada es imposible", and many others.

He graduated from Christ for the Nations Bible Institute in 1985.
He is a worship leader and an international speaker. Since his graduation, he has been in full-time ministry, beginning as associate pastor of "Amistad Cristiana" in Mexico City. He remained there for 13 years, and then he founded the ministry "Amistad Cristiana Internacional" and the music label "Aliento Producciones", in which he is president.


Madame Curie (movie)

Madame Curie is a 1943 American biographical drama movie. It was directed by Mervyn LeRoy. The movie is based on a 1938 novel by Ève Curie. It stars Greer Garson, Walter Pidgeon, Henry Travers, Albert Bassermann, Robert Walker, C. Aubrey Smith, Elsa Bassermann, Reginald Owen and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for seven Academy Awards in 1944.


The Human Comedy

The Human Comedy is a 1943 American World War II drama movie directed by Clarence Brown and was based on the 1943 novel of the same name by William Saroyan. It stars Mickey Rooney, Marsha Hunt, Frank Morgan, James Craig, Fay Bainter, Van Johnson, Donna Reed, Dorothy Morris, Darryl Hickman and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It won an Academy Award in 1944 and was nominated for 4 others.


Digital television transition

The digital television transition (also called the digital switchover (DSO), the analog switch-off (ASO), the digital migration, or the analog shutdown) is the process in which older analogue television broadcasting technology is converted to and replaced by digital television. Conducted by individual nations on different schedules, this primarily involves the conversion of analogue terrestrial television broadcasting infrastructure to digital terrestrial (DTT), a major benefit being extra frequencies on the radio spectrum and lower broadcasting costs, as well as improved viewing qualities for consumers.

For Whom the Bell Tolls (movie)

For Whom the Bell Tolls is a 1943 American romantic war drama movie directed by Sam Wood and was based on the 1940 novel of the same name by Ernest Hemingway. It stars Gary Cooper, Ingrid Bergman, Akim Tamiroff, Vladimir Sokoloff, Arturo de Córdova, Katina Paxinou, Joseph Calleia, Frank Puglia and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 9 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1944.


Hedonic adaptation

Hedonic adaptation is the idea that humans get used to good and bad events over time. 

Good and bad events change happiness in the moment, but people get used to them. This is called adaptation. Because of adaptation, happiness usually stays the same over time. 

Hedonic adaptation is also called the hedonic treadmill. Looking for good events will only make a person adapt to them, leading them to want more. 

Hedonic adaption was developed in 1971. Scientists found that lottery winners were not happier than those who did not win. Also, those who could not walk were not much less happy than those who could. 

Newer studies show the same. For example, a 15-year-long study shows that married people in Germany were much more happy after marriage, but only for a short period of time. By the second year, their happiness was the same as before they got married. 

These studies show that it may not be possible to increase happiness for a long period of time. 

Hedonic adaptation contains two important ideas. First, how people feel about an event depends on how they feel before it happened. This means that good events make people happy in the moment. But over time, because they are already happy, their happiness does not change. Second, happiness usually returns to a point that stays the same. This is how people get used to events over time. 

Scientists thought that happiness returns to a neutral point: where a person is not happy nor sad. However, new studies show that most people are happy most of the time. So, happiness returns to a point where the person is happy. This point is different for everyone. How happy a person is may depend on personality: how a person usually acts and feels. This can come from their parents. 

Hedonic adaptation comes from cognitive changes: changes in how a person thinks. These changes are what a person likes and wants, and what they do and do not think about. Thinking about an event less is the main way adaptation happens. 

Hedonic adaptation also comes from neurochemical changes: changes in the brain that make good and bad feelings less strong. 

However, people do not get used to all events. Most studies show that people usually adapt to good events quickly and completely. Their happiness returns to exactly where it was before the event soon after the it happens. However, some strong or long-lasting bad events, such as losing a job or partner, result in less adaptation. Happiness may not completely return to its point before the event. In some situations, it may decrease. 

From an evolutionary position, hedonic adaptation is useful. It helps control the effects of bad events. It makes bad events less strong. This protects people from difficult situations and helps them survive in the present. 

Some effects of bad events are helpful. They tell us what is important. For example, hunger, thirst and pain. Other effects can be dangerous. Long periods of fear and worry for example, can harm the body and the mind, leading to disease and illness. 

Hedonic adaptation is a part of the “psychological immune system”. It protects people from dangers to their health. This often happens unconsciously, without the person knowing. 

Hedonic adaptation can change the way people see their situation. As bad events become less strong, people are more likely to make changes to better the situation. 

For example, the death of a partner can make people very sad. They see no way to make the situation better. However, adaptation helps people see what can be changed. They may try to prevent a similar event from happening. This helps people learn from past events to survive in the present. 

Good events make people happy in the moment. But not for long. People look for other things to stay happy. People get used to them too. This treadmill effect means that the more a person gets, the more they want. This makes staying happy hard. 

A person who is not used to an event often thinks it is more important than it really is. For example, healthy people think unhealthy people are less happy than they really are. People who are not used an event can think jobs, marriage, and where they live will affect their happiness more than it really will. 

Being used to an event may change what people think is right and wrong. For example, people in the Milgram experiment were asked to harm another person multiple times. Each time was more harmful than the last. When people become used to harming others, they may no longer think that it is wrong. 

There are ways to prevent hedonic adaptation. For example, the Hedonic Adaptation Prevention Model (HAP) says that variety and appreciation can make happiness last. 

Variety is when happiness comes at a surprise even after the event has happened. The surprise makes getting used to the event difficult. This keeps happiness high. It also stops people from wanting more. 

Appreciation is when a person is happy with what they have. They know that they may lose it. This is the opposite of adaptation. By being appreciative, people are reminded of the good event. Thinking about it makes happiness continue. 

Giving something up and getting it back can also prevent hedonic adaptation and make happiness last. 

Hedonic adaptation says that happiness returns to a single point. However, happiness comes from many things. Change in one area of happiness, such as at work, does not always mean change in another area of happiness, such as in marriage. Different areas of happiness can change in different ways and at different times. The point where happiness returns to after an event may be different depending on which area of happiness is affected. 

Hedonic adaptation says it may not be possible to increase happiness for a long period of time. People will always get used to good events. However, a 17-year-long study found that 24% of people said their happiness changed a lot between the first and last five years. 

Another study found that differences in happiness can be explained by how much freedom or money countries have. They last for a long time. The difference in happiness shows that people do not completely adapt to some events. For example, a study shows that people adapt to money, but not status: how others see them. 

The Liberator (movie)

The Liberator () is a 2013 Venezuelan Spanish drama movie directed by Alberto Arvelo and starring Édgar Ramírez, María Valverde, Juana Acosta, Danny Huston, Erich Wildpret, Iwan Rheon, Imanol Arias.


Carman (singer)

Carmelo Domenic Licciardello (January 19, 1956 – February 16, 2021) known by his stage name, Carman, was an American contemporary Christian music singer-songwriter, television host, life coach and evangelist.

Between 1987 and 1989, he was named" Charisma" magazine's readers' choice for favorite male vocalist. In 1990 and 1992, "Billboard" named him the Contemporary Christian Artist of the Year.

Carman died on February 16, 2021 at a Las Vegas, Nevada hospital from problems caused by hernia surgery at the age of 65.

Otakar Černý

Otakar Černý (10 September 1943 – February 2021) was a Czech sports journalist and television presenter.

In 1969, he began working for Czechoslovak Television, which would become Česká televize. After the fall of Czechoslovakia, he moderated the television programs "Debata" and "Co týden dal".

He became a spokesperson for the Czech Ministry of Health from 2000 to 2002. He was then editor-in-chief of "Redakce sportu". 

Otakar Černý died in February 2021 at the age of 77.

Ángel Mangual

Ángel Luis Mangual Guilbe (March 19, 1947February 16, 2021) was a Puerto Rican baseball outfielder who played seven seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB). He was nicknamed "Little Clemente". He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates and Oakland Athletics from 1969 to 1976.

He batted and threw right-handed and won three World Series championships with the Athletics.

Mangual died on the morning of February 16, 2021, in Puerto Rico, at the age of 73.

István Turu

István Turu (25 September 1962 – February 2021) was a Hungarian boxer. He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born in Törökszentmiklós, Hungary. 

Turu died from COVID-19 during the pandemic in Hungary in February 2021, aged 58.

Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts

Chestnut Hill is a village located west of downtown Boston, Massachusetts, United States. Chestnut Hill is best known as the home of Boston College and as part of the Boston Marathon route.

Hammond Pond Reservation, an extensive forest preserve and protected wetlands, goes through Chestnut Hill and Newton.

Erwin Chemerinsky

Erwin Chemerinsky (born May 14, 1953) is an American legal scholar. He is known for his studies of United States constitutional law and federal civil procedure. He was the founding dean of the University of California, Irvine School of Law from 2008 to 2017. He is currently the dean of the University of California, Berkeley, School of Law.

Chemerinsky was named a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2016. The National Jurist magazine named him the most influential person in legal education in the United States in 2017.

Conformity

Conformity is when someone changes their behaviour to match that of other people.

It can happen for personal and social reasons. Personally, people conform because they have expectations for themselves. They might believe that behaving a certain way will help them reach a goal. Conformity can also happen because of other people’s influence. People will conform to be liked or to be a part of a group. 

Conformity happens in different levels. Furthermore, the reasons that someone conforms for and what they hope to get out of it, are often linked. Growing up, children learn by copying the behaviours of others. They rely on other’s opinions to be true or on their behaviour to be appropriate. Furthermore, the size of the group matters when conforming.

People conform for normative and informational reasons. Additionally, there is a difference between compliance, identification and internalization. 

There is much research on conformity. Two of the most famous conformity experiments are those by Sherif (1935) and by Asch (1955). 

Sherif (1935) studied how people behave in an unclear situation. In his experiment, participants guessed how far a small point of light on a black screen is moving. This point of light didn’t actually move. It was an optical illusion. First, the participants had to make guesses on their own. Then, they were put into groups of three. There, they changed their answers to fit those of the other two participants better. The researchers made sure that two participants with rather high guesses were put together with a participant with a rather low guess. After, this participant changed his answer to be more similar to the ones of the others. The researchers suggested that this is a sign for conformity. Afterwards, the participants had to make a guess on their own again. There, the answers of their group members from before influenced them, because their guesses were similar to what they had guessed in the group situation. Because of the unclear situation, participants looked at what others were doing. Therefore, they changed their answers to conform to the group.

Researchers criticised Sherif’s study. Because participants had to guess the movement of a point of light that was not actually moving. This meant that there was no right or wrong answer. Being so unsure maybe made participants to conform. 

Asch (1955) wanted to find out if people conformed to other people even if the answer to a question was clear. In his experiment, he showed participants an image of a line. At the same time, he showed them another image with three lines of different lengths. The participants had to choose which line was the same length as the “standard” one, in the first image. 

A control trial showed the task was rather easy. There, the participants made almost no mistakes in matching the correct lines. However, in the main part of the experiment, all except for one participant were confederates. This means that the researcher had told them how to behave during the experiment. They were told to give wrong answers to see how the other participant reacts. The other participant, however, believed that everyone else was also a participant like him. 

The confederates and the participants formed groups of 7 to 9 students. Furthermore, they were asked to match the correct lines 12 times (12 trials). Three-fourths of participants gave the same, wrong answer as the confederates in at least one trial. All in all, participants conformed to the others on an average of 36.8% of the time. These results suggest that more than 3 out of 10 times, the participant was not giving the correct answer, probably in order to conform. 

Deutsch and Gerard (1955) found that people conform for normative and informational reasons.

Normative social influence is when someone changes their behaviour to meet expectations. These can be their own expectations for themselves or the expectations others have for them. The influence will be bigger between people in a group than between two people, for example. Furthermore, the normative influence is smaller when someone feels that there is no need for them to conform. Additionally, not conforming to these expectations can make someone feel scared or guilty. For example, a small child might laugh with their family even if they cannot understand the joke yet. 

Informational social influence is when someone accepts information from others as the truth. The more unsure someone is, the more likely they are to consider other’s opinions as right. For example, a child might accept whatever new information it is taught by their parents as the truth. 

These two types of conformity can work together. In Asch’s (1955) experiment, for example, a participant might be confused because his answer is different from the confederates’ answers. He might feel like he has to normatively conform to the group so that he will not be the only one to stand out. Moreover, he might usually trust his eyes, but this time ask himself if there might be something wrong with his vision. This might lead him to conform to the others informationally because he accepts their answers as right and does not want to be wrong. 

Kelman et al (1958) found different three forms of conformity.

Compliance is when someone conforms because they hope for a positive reaction from others. The person changes their behaviour not necessarily because they agree with it. As a consequence, people who comply might only conform when certain people are present. In sum, compliance is conforming to others “on the outside”, while maybe not agreeing with them “on the inside”. They do it with the hope of a social effect. For example, a child might sit still during a church service to comply and meet its family’s expectations. In reality, the child might prefer playing outside with the other kids. 

Identification is when someone changes their behaviour because they want to make their relationship to another person our group better. They conform in situations that are important for the relationship. For example, someone might change their behaviour whenever their older cousin visits. 

Internalization is when someone changes their behaviour because of the content of the behaviour they conform to. They already agree with the values the behaviour stands for and maybe even find it practical. People conform whenever suitable. They do not care who is present or whether it is needed to conform. For example, when someone cares for nature with internalization, they might never leave plastic waste anywhere, no matter who is watching them or where in nature they are. 


5Select

5Select is a free television channel in the United Kingdom. It shows documentaries, dramas, comedies, and other programmes from Channel 5. It started on 13 February 2018. At first, it was going to be called "5Prime", but was called "5Select" in the end instead.
And different channel Called My5.

Iwate Grulla Morioka




Fukushima United FC




ITV3

ITV3 is a free television channel in the United Kingdom. It is owned by ITV Digital Channels, The network is a part of ITV plc. The channel started on 1 November 2004. It is a popular television channel in the UK. The channel broadcasts British programmes such as "Agatha Christie's Poirot", "Classic Coronation Street", "Classic Emmerdale", "Heartbeat", "Wycliffe", "A Family at War", "Where the Heart Is", "Never the Twain", "The Grand" and "Inspector Morse". Most of these programmes were first broadcast on ITV.

The one hour timeshift of this channel, ITV3 +1 was launched on 30 October 2006 along with ITV2 +1.

The high definition of the channel was launched on 15 November 2010 along with ITV4 HD on Sky UK.

ITV4

ITV4 is a free television channel in the United Kingdom. It is owned by ITV Digital Channels, a part of ITV plc. It started on 1 November 2005. The channel shows sport, police shows, and cult classic films (such as James Bond). It also shows some American comedies and dramas.



J.League U-22 Selection


Renofa Yamaguchi FC



ITVBe

ITVBe is a free television channel in the United Kingdom. It is owned by ITV Digital Channels, a part of ITV plc. It started on 8 October 2014. The channel broadcasts reality television programming, featuring American acquisitions such as "The Real Housewives" series, "Million Dollar Listing New York" and "Botched". It also has it's own commissioned programming such as "Dinner Date" and "The Only Way is Essex".

Kagoshima United FC


Khamba Thoibi

The ancient legend of "Khamba Thoibi" () is one of the epic cycles of incarnations of Meitei mythology and folklore, that is originated from Moirang kingdom of Ancient Kangleipak (early Manipur). Among the countless retelling editions of the epic story, the Khamba Thoibi Sheireng () is the national epic poem of the Manipuri people (Meitei people) of Manipur and is written by Hijam Anganghal.

The events in the epic took place during the reign of King Chingkhu Telheiba (1093 AD-1148 AD) in Ancient Moirang. The saga is based mainly on romance, struggle, chivalry and intrigue, popularized by the bards of Moirang kingdom.

The romantic saga of Khuman Khamba and Moirang Thoibi has deep religious importance to the culture of Meitei people. The terms, ""Khamba"" means ""Ultimate or fullness"" and ""Thoibi"" means ""Perfection of beauty and accomplishments"".


Gamba Osaka U-23

Gamba Osaka Under−23 was a Japanese football club which played in J3 League. It was founded in 2016 and was disbanded in 2020.


Cerezo Osaka U-23

Cerezo Osaka Under−23 was a Japanese football club which played in J3 League. It was founded in 2016 and was disbanded in 2020.


Khamba Thoibi Sheireng

The Khamba Thoibi Sheireng or the Khamba Thoibi Seireng () is a 1940 Meitei language classical epic poem. It tells the old love story of Khuman prince Khamba and princess Thoibi of Moirang kingdom of Ancient Kangleipak (early Manipur). It is the greatest work (magnum opus) of Hijam Anganghal, the "Bard of Samurou". It is regarded as the national epic of the Manipuris. It is regarded as the greatest of all the epic poems in Meitei literature. It contains 39,000 lines and is even longer than the Ramayana.

It is one of the large literary bodies of the Epic cycles of incarnations ("Moirang Shayon") as well as the "Moirang Kangleirol" (ancient Moirang legends), two of the largest Meitei cultural resources of Manipur.


List of American television programs by debut date














RTÉ2

RTÉ2 is a free television channel in Ireland. It is owned by Raidió Teilifís Éireann. It started in 1978, and was the second TV channel in Ireland, after RTÉ One.

Tegevajaro Miyazaki



Hijam Anganghal

Hijam Anganghal () (1896-1939) is one of the pioneer poets in the Meitei literature of Modern Manipur. He is best known for composing the 39,000 lined epic poem, the ""Khamba Thoibi Sheireng"" (based on the story of Khamba Thoibi), which is the masterpiece of all his literary works.



Lamabam Kamal

"Dr. Lamabam Kamal Singh" () (b.1899, d. 1935) was a writer of Meitei literature of Modern Manipur. He is one of the pioneer writers of his arena. By profession, he was a doctor. He is best known for ""Madhavi"", the first fiction novel in Meitei language (Manipuri language).



Upland burrowing tree frog

The upland burrowing tree frog ("Smilisca dentata") is a frog that lives in Mexico. It lives high in the hills. Scientists have seen it between 1800 and 2037 meters above sea level.

Sandrembi Chaisra

"Sandrembi Chaisra", also known as "Sanarembi Chaisra", is a folktale of the Meitei ethnicity of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). It is a story of the two stepsisters, Sandrembi, the elder and Chaisra, the younger, born to the same father but from different mothers. The protagonist is Sandrembi, a young lady, living in forsaken environment, that are changed into a remarkable fortune.

She is considered to be a person having the nature of God like mind.

The folk legend is considered a perfect combination of the ""Cinderella"" and ""The Three Oranges"".

In the Haya Chak Era, when King Sentreng Apanba reigned in Antique Kangleipak (Ancient Manipur), he had a nobleman named Khulen Nganba who had two wives, the senior named Yangkhuleima (Yangkhureima, Yaibireima or Yaipileima) and the junior named Sangkhuleima (Sankhureima). By the grace of God, the elder one had a daughter named Sandrembi (Sanarembi) ("and also boy" in another version) and the younger one had only one daughter named Chaisra (Cheisra). The father died after sometime. The two widows used to go to market for selling vegetables and go to Shilempat (Shilem lake) to catch fish for livelihood. Sangkhuleima, the younger widow always thought of ways to harm Yangkhuleima, the elder one. One day, it so happened that Yangkhuleima (the elder) caught all types of fish but Sangkhuleima (the younger) caught some snakes and reptiles and not a single fish. Both of them took rest under a fig tree. She grew envious of the fate of the elder one and climbed up the fig tree for plucking the fruits. Once or twice she dropped the fig fruits to the elder one who partook of the juice. At last, the latter was made to close her eyes and open her mouth to swallow the most delicious fruit. Then she poured the snakes from her fish basket. The poor woman swallowed them and died on account of snake bite. Sangkhuleima came down and pushed the dead body of Yangkhuleima into the deep water of the lake. It got transformed into a tortoise (or turtle). Everybody was shocked to hear from Sangkhuleima, the younger co-wife, about news of the tragic death of Yangkhuleima, the elder widow by drowning. In another version of the story, Sangkhuleima told others that stubborn Yangkhuleima didn't want to return home and insisted on staying to catch fish until sunset.

The younger widow and her daughter Chaisra (Cheisra) began to maltreat lovely Sandrembi (Shanarembi). One night, Yangkhuleima appeared in the dream of her daughter, Sandrembi, and revealed the crime committed by the stepmother. She further instructed Sandrembi to bring her (tortoise form) from the lake and keep her in a pitcher for five days without any break so that she may re-assume human form. Sandrembi did so but before the completion of the five days, Chaisra, the younger step sister, got the knowledge of the tortoise and so, she pretended to be ill in her bed. When Yangkhuleima, her mother came to her, she said that tortoise meat would cure her. "Get that tortoise which Sandrembi had caught from the lake. Boil it for cooking." The stepmother forced poor Sandrembi to boil the tortoise. Sandrembi tried to take away the fuel stick (on hearing the tortoise mother's words from the boiling pan/pot) but she could not save her mother (tortoise) before them.

Chaisra and her mother devoured the tortoise meat to their heart's content and threw away the bones in the verandah. Again Yangkhuleima, the tortoise mother told Sandrembi in her dream to keep the bones of tortoise in a basket after covering it by a piece of cloth and it must not be opened for 7 days. Sandrembi did so. However, before the completion of the said period, out of her anxiety as well as curiosity, she opened the basket and thereby disturbing the normal process of coming to human shape. The tortoise mother assumed the shape of a sparrow and flew away. Both stepsisters grew up in course of time. Sandrembi, the elder, was beautiful and accomplished but not nicely dressed up. Chaisra, the younger, was ugly although properly dressed. Once the King ("Crown Prince" in another version) went for hunting with a large retinue, horses and elephants. The king saw the two maidens by a riverside. Realising the quality of Sandrembi, the elder, the king made her the chief Queen after a ceremonial marriage. She spent her life with her brother in a joyous mood. A son was also born to her, the boy was named Machi Sana Melei Khomba in Meitei sacred lores. Sangkhuleima, the stepmother and Chaisra, the step sister gnashed their teeth in anger and were planning to kill the Queen. They invited her for a dinner in their house. Sandrembi came
to her stepmother's house with permission of the King. After the dinner, Chaisra, the younger, out of jealousy, dropped the Queen's dress under a bed ("in a hole" in another version). When Sandrembi went down to bring it up, the wicked stepmother poured the hottest water over Queen Sandrembi's body. Poor Queen got transformed into a pigeon and flew away. Chaisra, in the Queen's dress, went to the palace and behaved as if she was the real queen. The suspected king told her in anger, "You are not my queen whose face is as fair as the lily. You are disfigured." Chaisra replied that she contracted mental and physical agony when she wept for her son. The king again continued, "You are not my queen for your nose is too long, your eyes are very deep and the hairs of the eyelids are bushy." Chaisra replied, "I missed you so much, I cried rubbing my eyes all the way." In spite of his suspicion, the King wanted suitable opportunity in order to detect the false queen. In the meantime, the pigeon flew into the Royal Garden, perched on a tree branch and addressed to the Royal Gardener ("grass cutter" in another version) concerning the forgetfulness of the King about Queen Sandrembi, animal epidemic, grievances of the Prince and loss of his own sickle along with a warning for reporting these words to the king. The king on getting the report went in search of the pigeon with grains of paddy in his hands. The King kept the supernatural bird in his palace. Even as a bird, she took away the dirty things from the Prince's eyes. Chaisra killed the bird with a stick and prepared a nice meal for the King. The king refused to taste the flesh of the pet bird and threw it away and buried it behind the Royal Kitchen. But it was the age of the truth and there grew a lucious fruit plant and it bore full of fruits overnight ("only one fruit" in another version). A big lucious fruit also came from the plant. Chaisra, the false queen gave the lucious fruit as a gift to a monk ("servant" in another version). The man kept the fruit in a jar in his house since the same was not yet ripe enough to be eaten. Later it so happened to him that fruit disappeared when the knife was available and vice versa. Early next morning, he went out for work. Returning home, he was surprised to find that his cottage had been washed and the meal cooked. He kept the mystery concealed for some days and was determined to solve it by all means. Long before the first streak of day light came, he got up and had gone some distance secretly in the darkness and entered the cottage silently and peeped into his own room. At Sunrise, he saw a beautiful woman coming out of the jar and roaming in kitchen for house work. "It is a fruit maiden", he muttered. Recognising her as the Queen, he took her to the king. There was a quarrel between Sandrembi and Chaisra, the two step sisters on the issue of the identity of the real Queen. The obstinate Chaisra denied the whole story and called Sandrembi to be a "fruit maiden".

At long last, the king decided to settle the case by appealing to a divine ordeal. The two had to fight a duel with swords. As per the code, the defendant was allowed to use a bright and sharp sword but the plaintiff (Sandrembi) had to use a rusty knife ("wooden knife" in another version) for on her part laid the burden of proof. It was thought that if justice was really on her, she would win inspite of using a rusty sword. Chaisra had no belief in the trial by ordeal and was hopeful that she would be able to kill her rival with one stroke. Her demand for use of the bright sword was a legitimate one. The blunt and rusty sword (or "wooden sword") was given to Sandrembi for she had to prove her own case. Sandrembi, the elder had the faith in her, "If I am innocent, may Chaisra's sword become harmless to me." In the arena, while Chaisra hewed and hacked at her with the sword, Sandrembi remained unhurt. Suddenly, the blunt sword of its own accord, slipped out of Sandrembi's hand and chopped off Chaisra's neck. In another version of the story, there was no fighting between them. Sandrembi, the elder pardoned Chaisra, the younger. Both of them lived together as chief queen and younger queen respectively in great happiness.





Martí Vergés

Martí Vergés Massa, usually known as ""Martín Vergés"", (8 March 1934 – 17 February 2021) was a Spanish footballer. He played for FC Barcelona from 1956 to 1966. He made twelve appearances for the Spain national football team from 1957 to 1962. He was included in their 1962 FIFA World Cup squad.

Vergés died on 17 February 2021 at the age of 86.

Seif Sharif Hamad

Seif Sharif Hamad (22 October 1943 – 17 February 2021) was a Tanzanian politician. He was the First Vice President of Zanzibar from 2010 to 2016 and again from 2020 until 2021. He was Party Chairman of ACT Wazalendo. 

Hamad was hospitalised on 29 January 2021 in Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania with COVID-19. The Tanzian government, which does not believe that COVID is in the country, said he had pneumonia. Hamad died on 17 February 2021 from the infection, aged 77.

José Álvarez de Paz

José Álvarez de Paz (19 November 1935 – 16 February 2021) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies from 1979 until 1987. He was a Member of the European Parliament from 1986 until 1995. He also was Civil Governor of Pontevedra province from 1994 to 1996. Álvarez de Paz was born in Noceda del Bierzo, Spain. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.

Álvarez de Paz died on 16 February 2021 in Baiona, Spain, aged 85.

Victor Ambrus

Victor Ambrus (born László Győző Ambrus, 19 August 1935 – 10 February 2021) was a Hungarian-born British illustrator. He also became known from his appearances on the Channel 4 television archaeology series "Time Team".

Ambrus was an Associate of the Royal College of Art and a Fellow of both the Royal Society of Arts and the Royal Society of Painters, Etchers and Engravers. 

Ambrus died on 10 February 2021, at the age of 85.

Snowmelt

Snowmelt is water from snow that melts. There is a lot of snowmelt in the spring. Snowmelt can cause floods.

Snowmelt can also affect how good and safe drinking water is. Snowflakes collect air pollution as they fall. Snow on the ground collects pollution from cars, farm animals, fertilizer, and other things. The snowmelt collects dirt and other pollutants on the ground. Pollution in snowmelt can be a larger problem than pollution in rainwater because the snow collects pollution all winter and then the snowmelt combines with the spring rain and releases it all at the same time. Then it flows into streams and reservoirs where human beings get their drinking water.

2018 Kerala floods

The Kerala flood was a natural disaster that happened in Kerala, India in August 2018. This was because of high rainfall during the monsoon season. The floods were worst in August. It was the worst flood in Kerala in nearly a century. Over 483 people died, and 15 became missing.

Paulo Vilhena

Paulo Eduardo Oliveira de Vilhena Moraes (born January 3, 1979) is a Brazilian actor and presenter. He started his career in 1998 on the television series "Sandy & Junior", he was married to actress Thaila Ayala.

Vilhena was born in Santos, São Paulo.


David Eade

David Eade (born 4 September 1988) is a New Zealand rower.

At the 2010 World Rowing Championships, he won a bronze medal in the men's four when he was rowing with Simon Watson, Hamish Burson, and Jade Uru.

Iwan Rheon

Iwan Rheon (born 13 May 1985) is a Welsh actor, singer and musician. He is known for his television roles as Simon Bellamy in E4's "Misfits" and Ramsay Bolton in HBO's "Game of Thrones". He has also starred in "Vicious", "Riviera" and "Inhumans". His movie credits include "The Liberator" (2013) and "The Dirt" (2019).

Rheon was born in Carmarthen, Carmarthenshire. He grew up in Cardiff. He speaks both Welsh (his first language) and English.


James L. Nagle

James Lee Nagle (1937January 19, 2021) was an American architect. He was known for being part of the Chicago Seven. He was born in Iowa City, Iowa. Nagle taught design at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) and the Illinois Institute of Technology (IIT).

Nagle died on January 19, 2021 from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease at his home in Lincoln Park, Chicago at the age of 83.

Satish Sharma

Satish C. Sharma (11 October 1947 – 17 February 2021) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Indian National Congress. Sharma was born in Secunderabad, India. He was a member of the Indian Parliament from 1991 to 2004 and again from 2010 to 2016. Sharma was Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas from 1993 to 1996.

Sharma died on 17 February 2021 in Goa, India, aged 73.

John Manning (footballer)

John Joseph Manning (11 December 1940 – 17 February 2021) was an English footballer. He played as forward for many clubs between 1962 and 1976.

Manning played for Tranmere Rovers, Shrewsbury Town, Norwich City, Bolton Wanderers, Walsall, Crewe Alexandra F.C., and Barnsley.

Manning was born on 11 December 1940 in Liverpool, England. 

In later life, Manning suffered from Alzheimer's disease. His death was announced on 17 February 2021.

Özcan Arkoç

Özcan Arkoç (2 December 1939 – 17 February 2021) was a Turkish footballer. He played as a goalkeeper, He was known for playing for Hamburger SV.

He also played for Austria Wien between 1964 and 1967. He played Hamburger SV for nine seasons and retired in 1975. He played in the European Cup Winners' Cup final in 1968 losing 2–0 to AC Milan.

Özcan died at aged 81 in Hamburg on 17 February 2021.

Sandro Dori

Sandro Dori (born Alberto Schiappadori; 21 December 1938 – 15 February 2021) was an Italian actor. He was known for his role as Dr. Zucconi in "Be Sick... It's Free" (1968) and in "Il Prof. Dott. Guido Tersilli, primario della clinica Villa Celeste, convenzionata con le mutue" (1969). Dori was born in Ostiglia, Italy.

Dori died on 15 February 2021 in Civitavecchia, Italy, aged 82.

Ostiglia

Ostiglia (Mantovano: ) is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Mantua in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan.

Lattice

In many fields of science a lattice is a repeating arrangement of points. One 'line' of such points is called a 'row'. Crystallography uses lattices to describe crystals.


Natalie Morales (actress)

Natalie Morales (born February 15, 1985) is an American actress. She starred in the ABC Family series "The Middleman". She had a main role on the first season of the USA Network series "White Collar". Morales was born in Kendall, Florida.

In June 2017, Morales revealed that she identifies as queer.


Kendall, Florida

Kendall is a census-designated place in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. At the 2020 census, about 80,241 people lived here.

J. B. Smoove

Jerry Angelo Brooks (born December 16, 1965), known as J. B. Smoove, is an American actor, writer and comedian.

He was a writer and performer on NBC's "Saturday Night Live" (2003–05). He is best known for his roles on HBO's "Curb Your Enthusiasm" (2007–present) and the CBS sitcom "The Millers" (2013–15).

Plymouth, North Carolina

Plymouth is the largest town in Washington County, North Carolina, United States. 3,320 people lived here at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Washington County. 

Gianluigi Saccaro

Gianluigi Saccaro (29 December 1938 – 17 February 2021) was an Italian fencer. He won a gold medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics, a silver at the 1964 Games and a bronze at the 1968 Games. He also competed at the 1972 Olympics, both individually and with the Italian team, but failed to reach the finals. He was born in Milan.

Saccaro died on 17 February 2021 at the age of 82.

Aziz Ahmed (general)

Aziz Ahmed (, born 1 January 1961) is a Bangladeshi four Star General. He was also the 16th Chief of Army Staff (CAS) of the Bangladesh Army.

Ahmed was promoted to the General rank and was appointed as Chief of Army Staff of the Bangladesh Army on 25 June, 2018.

Andy Daly

Andrew Daly (born April 15, 1971) is an American actor, comedian and writer. He starred as Forrest MacNeil on the Comedy Central series "Review". He appeared on "Silicon Valley", "Veep", "Modern Family", "Black-ish", "Trial & Error", the Netflix series "The Who Was? Show", "Reno 911!", and "Comedy Bang! Bang!".

He voiced the King of Ooo in "Adventure Time" and Two-Face in "Harley Quinn".

Since 2016, Daly has been the spokesman in commercials for CarMax.

Mamey apple

The Mamey apple, Santo Domingo apricot, tropical apricot or South American apricot is a berry. It comes from Central America and the West Indies. The trees grow as high as 1000 meters above sea level.

Mamey apples have one seed inside them each. The flesh right next to the seed can be bitter or even toxic.

Bangladesh Army

The Bangladesh Army (, "Bangladesh Senabahini") is the land force and the largest armed services of Bangladesh Armed Forces.

Bangladesh Army is divided into the following administrative Corps:

Cantonment is a place where Bangladesh Army personnel work, train, and live.

Boykin Spaniel

The Boykin Spaniel is a medium-sized Spaniel type gundog that was developed in South Carolina in the United States in the early 1900s.

This type of dog will always be a solid dark brown colour called "Liver" or "Chocolate".

Boykin spaniels are usually happy, playful dogs that need a lot of exercise.

They are the official State dog of South Carolina.

Deadlock (1943 movie)

Deadlock is a 1943 British crime movie directed by Ronald Haines and starring John Slater, Cecile Chevreau, Molly Hamley-Clifford, Hugh Morton, George Dewhurst. It was distributed by British Foundation Pictures Ltd.

Francisco Luzón

Francisco Luzon Lopez (1 January 1948 - 17 February 2021 ) was an economist and banker Spanish. He was born in El Cañavate , Spain. He participated in the transformation of Spanish and Latin American banking in the last thirty years, assuming important responsibilities in entities such as Banco de Vizcaya , Banco Bilbao Vizcaya , Argentaria or Banco Santander. He has been a promoter of educational projects and platforms such as Universia , based on public-private collaboration, which promote networking, especially between Spain and Latin America. On November 6, 2016 announced that a patient of ALS (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis) since his diagnosis in October 2013. It also announced the creation of the Foundation Francisco Luzon to fight the disease and support research. He died on February 17, 2021. 

The More the Merrier

The More the Merrier is a 1943 American World War II romantic comedy movie directed by George Stevens and starring Jean Arthur, Joel McCrea, Charles Coburn, Richard Gaines, Bruce Bennett, Donald Douglas, Frank Sully. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and won an Academy Award and was nominated for 5 others in 1944. It was remade in 1966 as "Walk Don't Run".


Giorgi Ugulava

Giorgi "Gigi" Ugulava (; born 15 August 1975) is a Georgian politician. He was Mayor of Tbilisi (2005–2013). He was one of the leader of the United National Movement (UNM) party. Since 2017 he is one of the leaders of European Georgia.

He was first eleted Mayor of Tbilisi.

Giga Bokeria

Giorgi (Giga) Bokeria (, born 20 April 1972) is a Georgian politician and was the secretary of the National Security Council of Georgia from November 2010 to November 2013. He is currently one of the leaders of the Movement for Freedom-European Georgia.

In 2003, he visited Serbia Serbia to study peaceful revolution techniques. As a result, the youth movement "Kmara" was established. Movement played leading role in Rose Revolution. 

Bokeria was a Member of Parliament from 2004 to 2008. He was the Deputy Chairman of the Committee on Legal Issues and is a Member of Committee on Defense and Security. He was vice-president of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) and he was vice-chairman of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe group in the assembly (2005-2008). In April 2008 he became deputy Foreign Minister of Georgia, and in November 2010 to Secretary of the National Security Council. He resigned on 15 November 2013 after Georgia elected its new president, Giorgi Margvelashvili. He was member of Parliament of Georgia (2016-2020).

Bokeria is married to Tamara Chergoleishvili. Tamara is editor-in-chief of the magazine "Tabula" (ტაბულა). Bokeria's mother is the chess grandmaster Nana Alexandria.


Davit Bakradze

Davit Bakradze (; born 1 July 1972) is a Georgian politician and diplomat who was the Chairman of the Parliament of Georgia from June 7, 2008, to October 21, 2012. He is one of the leaders of European Georgia. He was Foreign Minister of Georgia.


Nika Gvaramia

Nikoloz "Nika" Gvaramia (; born June 29, 1976) is a Georgian lawyer, politician and businessman who had held posts of Minister of Justice and Minister of Education and Science. He was Director General of Rustavi 2.He is Founder and Director General of Mtavari Arkhi (2019-).

He is married and has three children.


Sevim Gözay

Sevim Gözay (19 December 1972, Istanbul – 14 January 2021, Kartal, Istanbul) was a Turkish author and journalist. Gözay was born on December 19, 1972 in Istanbul. After her education at Istanbul Üsküdar High School, she completed her education at Müjdat Gezen Art Center (MSM). Gözay has appeared in many productions since 1993. The journalist wrote many articles in the fields of culture, art and life. Sevim appeared on the TV in early2000s and received awards with the cinema programs called "Studio: Cinematic Orange" and "Cosmopolis".

She made many productions on national channels such as Kanal D, TV8, CNN Türk, ATV, Show TV, Habertürk, Sky 360, TRT. Her career started as an assistant in “Dr Stress” and “Canlan Biraz” broadcasts. Her career followed with various TV programmes called “IstanbulART”, "The Color of the City", "Some Like It Warm" and "Artist". Her last program was "I Wonder with Sevim Gözay", who appeared on the Allianz Motto Music channel in 2020.

Gözay died on January 14, 2021 at the Lütfi Kırdar Training and Research Hospital in Kartal, Istanbul, where she was treated for lymphoma, at the age of 48. Her body was buried in Veysel Karani Cemetery in Samandıra.


Nippon Steel Yawata SC



Toyota Industries SC



Tanabe Mitsubishi Pharma SC



Jamshid

Jamshid () (, "Jamshīd") (Middle- and New Persian: جم, "Jam") (Avestan: 𐬫𐬌𐬨𐬀 "Yima") (Dari/Pashto: یما "Yama") is a famous name in many countries and he was the fourth Shah of the mythological Pishdadian dynasty of Iran according to "Shahnameh".

In Persian mythology and folklore, Jamshid is described as the fourth and greatest king of the ancient Iran Pishdadian Dynasty . This role is already alluded to in Zoroastrian scripture (e.g. "Yasht" 19, "Vendidad" 2), where the figure appears as Yima(-Kshaeta)

"Jamshid" (Jamshed, Jamshyd) and as a short pronunciation Jam remains a common Iranian and Zoroastrian male name that is also popular in surrounding areas of Iran and middle east.

The name "Jamshid" is originally a compound of two parts, "Jam" and "shid", corresponding to the Avestan names "Yima" and "Xšaēta", "*Xšaitah" meant "bright, shining" or "radiant". The modern Turkish name "Cem" is derived from Persian "Jam". also the word Ajam is derived from the word Jam. according to the book Documents on the Persian Gulf's name the Persian "jam" is the root of Arabic "Ajam", assuming that this Arabic word for the Persian-speaking population was derived from a Persian endonym, meaning the people of Jam. 
Source:

Yima rules as king for three hundred years, and soon the earth was full of men, flocks of birds and herds of animals. He deprived the "daevas", who were demonic servants of the evil Ahriman, of wealth, herds and reputation during his reign. Good men, however, lived lives of plenty, and were neither sick nor aged. Father and son walked together, each appearing no older than fifteen. Ahura Mazda visits him once more, warning him of this overpopulation. Yima, shining with light, faced southwards and pressed the golden seal against the earth and boring into it with the poniard, says "O Spenta Armaiti, kindly open asunder and stretch thyself afar, to bear flocks and herds and men."

Over time, the Avestan hero "Yima Xšaēta" became the world-ruling Shāh "Jamshid" of Persian legend and mythology.

According to the "Shāhnāma" of the poet Firdausī, Jamshid was the fourth king of the world. He had command over all the angels and demons of the world, and was both king and high priest of Hormozd . He was responsible for a great many inventions that made life more secure for his people: the manufacture of armor and weapons, the weaving and dyeing of clothes of linen, silk and wool, the building of houses of brick, the mining of jewels and precious metals, the making of perfumes and wine, the art of medicine, the navigation of the waters of the world in sailing ships. 
Jamshid had now become the greatest monarch the world had ever known. Jamshid was said to have had a magical seven-ringed cup, the "Jām-e Jam" which was filled with the elixir of immortality and allowed him to observe the universe.

Jamshid's capital was erroneously believed to be at the site of the ruins of Persepolis, which for centuries (down to 1620 CE) was called "Takht-i Jamshēd", the "Throne of Jamshid".
However, Persepolis was actually the capital of the Achaemenid kings and was destroyed by Alexander. Similarly, the sculptured tombs of the Achaemenids and Sāsānians near Persepolis were believed to be images of the legendary hero Rostam, and so were called "Naqsh-e Rustam".

King Jamshid is featured prominently in one apocryphal tale associated with the history of wine and its discovery.




Pocket PC 2000

Pocket PC 2000 is an first released for Windows Mobile was support for HTC Vouge, LG and Vodafone can be released on April 19, 2000, it running on kernel Windows CE 3.0. Pocket PC 2002 can succesor for all operating system was another codenamed is <nowiki>"Rapier"</nowiki> founded on January 1999.

In January 1999, Microsoft founded the codenamed <nowiki>"Rapier" for kernel type is Windows CE 3.0 running smillar for operating system Windows 95 and Windows 98, in February 1999, Microsoft starting history from beta version in codenamed "Rapier"</nowiki>, in March 11, 1999, Pocket PC 2000 build 200 is leaked on Internet officially, the news Pocket PC 2000 build 301 can be released on April 14, 1999, leaked on January 14, 2020 in BetaArchive. In May 15, 1999, Pocket PC 2000 build 302 can be released new version. 

In January 13, 2000, Microsoft ready launched Pocket PC 2000 RTM version, after ready released, Microsoft launch the Vodafone Mobile can running for Pocket PC 2000, at the Microsoft Build 2000 on 2000. In March 2000, Pocket PC 2000 Pre-RTM can be leaked on February 14, 2019 in BetaWiki website. Microsoft released Pocket PC 2000 until April 19, 2000, the officially features of the news Microsoft.

Pocket PC 2000 can launched everything for features in Windows CE 3.0 on May 18, 2000, from the Security Update for Pocket PC 2000 can be released on June 11, 2000.

Pocket PC 2000 can launch for 11 device, is LG L674, and more, Pocket PC 2000 can launched on 245MB and 512MB, in 100MB can launch for Vodafone L67 in Windows CE 3.0, from the news features in Pocket PC 2000 can starting on January 2004, in LG L89, the old PC Computer using the sound ringtones in Pocket PC 2000.

In May 2001, Microsoft launch the 9 device for Vodafone running Pocket PC 2000, is Vodafone L87, L89 and L98, In August 15, 2001, the Vodafone L87 is running for the Windows CE 3.0 officially.

In 1999, Microsoft reach Vodafone L67 for sale beginning on USD in May 1999, after the codenamed is <nowiki>"Rapier"</nowiki> founded, launch for the beta version in Pocket PC 2000, in January 2000, the officially Vodafone L67 can be leaked support in Pocket PC 2000.


2016 AFC U-23 Championship

2016 AFC U-23 Championship was held in Qatar from 12 to 30 January.

Farid Azarkan

Farid Azarkan (Arabic: فريد ازركان ; born 16 October 1971) is a Dutch businessman and politician of the DENK party.

DENK won seats in the House of Representatives for the first time in the 2017 Dutch general election. Thanks to this result, Azarkan and fellow party members Tunahan Kuzu and Selçuk Öztürk were sworn in on behalf of DENK on 23 March 2017. He has been an MP ever since, and has also become both parliamentary leader on 21 March 2020 and – as successor of Kuzu – party leader on 26 September 2020.

He leaded DENK into the 2021 Dutch general election in March 2021.

Azarkan is of Moroccan origin, was born in Ighmiren (Northeast Morocco) and moved to the Netherlands at the age of eight.

He studied topics like hotelmanagement at a Christian University of Applied Sciences, and in the evenings policy, communication, and organisation at the Free University Amsterdam and real property at the University of Greenwich and Saxion University of Applied Sciences.

He worked in various commercial jobs, at the municipality of Amersfoort, as a manager (operations and buildings) at several government services and departments, and headed the Partnership of Moroccans in the Netherlands (SMN) from 2008 to 2016. Since 2015, he has been owning the real estate consultancy "Cleverstone".

Farid Azarkan is married for the second time with four children, lives in Culemborg and is a Muslim.


2018 AFC U-23 Championship

2018 AFC U-23 Championship was held in China from 9 to 27 January.

2020 AFC U-23 Championship

2020 AFC U-23 Championship was held in Thailand from 8 to 26 January.

1959 AFC Youth Championship

1959 AFC Youth Championship was held in Malaya from 18 to 26 April.

1960 AFC Youth Championship

1960 AFC Youth Championship was held in Malaya from 30 March to 7 April.

1961 AFC Youth Championship

1961 AFC Youth Championship was held in Thailand from 10 to 20 April.

1962 AFC Youth Championship

1962 AFC Youth Championship was held in Thailand from 14 to 26 April.

1963 AFC Youth Championship

1963 AFC Youth Championship was held in Malaya from 18 April to 28 April.

1964 AFC Youth Championship

1964 AFC Youth Championship was held in South Vietnam from 18 April to 28 April.

1965 AFC Youth Championship

1965 AFC Youth Championship was held in Japan from 24 April to 5 May.

1966 AFC Youth Championship

1966 AFC Youth Championship was held in Philippines from 30 April to 15 May.

1967 AFC Youth Championship

1967 AFC Youth Championship was held in Thailand from 15 April to 27 April.

1968 AFC Youth Championship

1968 AFC Youth Championship was held in South Korea from 2 to 16 May.

1969 AFC Youth Championship

1969 AFC Youth Championship was held in Thailand from 15 April to 30 April.

1970 AFC Youth Championship

1970 AFC Youth Championship was held in Philippines from 15 April to 2 May.

1971 AFC Youth Championship

1971 AFC Youth Championship was held in Japan from 24 April to 5 May.

1972 AFC Youth Championship

1972 AFC Youth Championship was held in Thailand from 114 April to 30 April.

1973 AFC Youth Championship

1973 AFC Youth Championship was held in Iran from 14 April to 27 April.

1974 AFC Youth Championship

1974 AFC Youth Championship was held in Thailand from 14 April to 30 April.

1975 AFC Youth Championship

1975 AFC Youth Championship was held in Kuwait from 4 April to 20 April.

1976 AFC Youth Championship

1976 AFC Youth Championship was held in Thailand from 20 April to 8 May.

1977 AFC Youth Championship

1977 AFC Youth Championship was held in Iran from 15 April to 28 April.

Uchek Langmeidong

Uchek Langmeidong () or Chekla Langmeidong () is a Meitei folktale of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). It is the story of a girl named "Hayainu" (alias "Nongdam Atombi") who turned herself into a "Langmeidong" (, hornbill bird) as she was unable to suffer with the ill treatments of her stepmother.
In Meitei language (Manipuri language), "Uchek" (ꯎꯆꯦꯛ, /u.cek/) means "bird". "Langmeiton" (ꯂꯥꯡꯃꯩꯇꯣꯟ, /laŋ.məi.ton/)(or "Langmeidong" or "Langmeitong") is the Meitei language word for any species of (Hornbill). Chekla (ꯆꯦꯛꯂꯥ, /cek.la/) is another Meitei language word for "bird". The term "Chekla" is not commonly used in everyday speech.

Hayainu's mother had died when Hayainu was a young girl. Hayainu's father married again. So, Hayainu lived with her father, stepmother, and stepbrother ("stepbrother" is absent in some versions of the story). Her father loved her but her stepmother hated her. Hayainu’s father moved across the country to earn more money for his family. So, he left Hayainu under the care of his second wife (her stepmother). Just after her father had left her, her stepmother asked her to do all the household works. Hayainu had to collect herbs and had to catch fish daily. She had to sell them in the market. Hayainu served her stepmother faithfully but in return to her obedience, she was hated and would be beaten up by her cruel stepmother every day. Her stepmother’s ill treatment of her increased day by day. In some cases, her stepmother locked Hayainu up inside a room without giving any foods. One day, while Hayainu and her friends were washing their hairs with chenghi (traditional Meitei shampoo), her stepmother saw some cows grazing in their field. Her stepmother got angry thinking Hayainu got careless of the fields. So, Hayainu was badly beaten up. In another case, once Hayainu’s friends invited Hayainu to join a festival that was to be celebrated on the next day. At first, Hayainu was reluctant to join but later, she agreed. Her stepmother got to know about Hayainu's wish to celebrate the festival. On the early morning of the festival day, Hayainu’s stepmother had gone to her parental home with her son (Hayainu's stepbrother), taking away all the luxurious clothes and jewelry of Hayainu. When her stepmother and stepbrother had left the house, Hayainu later realised that trick. She had nothing to do but to weep. So, she did not go to the festival. With the increase of her stepmother’s cruelty, tears became Hayainu's companions in life. Once in Hayainu's dream, her real mother told her to go to the world of the "Langmeidong"s (Hornbills). In that dream, her mother suggested her to ask a flock of "Langmeidong"s coming near a lake every day to give her some of their feathers, collect and stitch them to her body and flew away. Hayainu woke up. She went to the spot and requested the birds for some of their feathers so that she could get a basketful of them. The birds fell pity on her and agreed. Once she got the feathers full of a basket, she wrapped some clothes around herself. Then, she sewed the feathers into the wrapped clothes. While she was doing that, her stepbrother saw her. Her stepbrother asked her not to leave him. She was explaining the reasons why she was doing so. Meanwhile, she completed her sewing. At that time, the same flock of hornbills were flying by. Hayainu called out to them requesting them to lift her up into the air. The birds picked her up and she flew away with them. Her stepbrother ran to his mother and narrated the whole story. Her stepmother was pleased with the news of Hayainu's departure. Some time passed, Hayainu’s father returned home. Seeing Hayainu absent, he asked his wife about his daughter. She did not reply but their son told him everything that had happened. Hayainu's father became angry and drove the stepmother out of the house. In another version of the story, Hayainu's father just beat his wife but did not drove her out of the house. Hayainu’s father was shocked by the news. He worried about his lovely daughter so much. So, he went out into the fields and called out to her to come back. Every day, he called her until one day he saw her coming with a flock of hornbills. Immediately, he took out a plate of rice and asked her to come and eat with him. Hayainu denied her father's offer telling him that she was then a part of the hornbill’s world (bird life) and she could not mingle up with the human beings again. Saying that, she flew away with her flock.
In 2010, the folktale of Uchek Langmeidong was produced in the form of a comic book, in Meitei (Manipuri) but in Latin script. It was authored by Subadani Ksh.

In 2011, the folktale of Uchek Langmeidong was produced in the form of a comic book, with the name, "Chekla Langmeitong". Interestingly, it came out to be the first comic book in Meetei script.

The folk story was reproduced into a play, ""Uchek Langmeidong (The Chorus of the Birds)"", by Ratan Thiyam, a legendary drama director of Manipur.
With the production of the play, the Chorus Repertory received recognition from the critics, presented at the 1979 Shri Ram Centre National Drama Festival.

In 2008, ""Uchek Langmeidong"", an animation feature film, was produced, based on the folktale.

In 2016, the folk legend was once more recreated into its theatrical form, performed by the child actors.


1978 AFC Youth Championship

1978 AFC Youth Championship was held in Bangladesh from 5 October to 28 October.

1980 AFC Youth Championship

1980 AFC Youth Championship was held in Thailand from 21 February to 1 March.

1982 AFC Youth Championship

1982 AFC Youth Championship was held in Thailand from 18 December to 22 December.

1985 AFC Youth Championship

1985 AFC Youth Championship was held in United Arab Emirates from 15 March to 22 March.

1986 AFC Youth Championship

1986 AFC Youth Championship was held in Saudi Arabia from 1 December to 10 December.

Panama cross-banded tree frog

The Panama cross-banded tree frog ("Smilisca sila") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica, Panama and Colombia. Scientists have seen it as high as 970 meters above sea level.

1988 AFC Youth Championship

1988 AFC Youth Championship was held in Qatar from 17 October to 28 October.

1990 AFC Youth Championship

1990 AFC Youth Championship was held in Indonesia from 3 November to 15 November.

List of sequenced Deuterostomia genomes

This list of sequenced Deuterostomia genomes contains species for which complete genome sequences have been assembled, annotated and published.















1992 AFC Youth Championship

1992 AFC Youth Championship was held in United Arab Emirates from 24 September to 6 October.

1994 AFC Youth Championship

1994 AFC Youth Championship was held in Indonesia from 11 to 25 September.

1996 AFC Youth Championship

1996 AFC Youth Championship was held in South Korea from 17 to 31 October.

1998 AFC Youth Championship

1998 AFC Youth Championship was held in Thailand from 17 to 31 October.

2000 AFC Youth Championship

2000 AFC Youth Championship was held in Iran from 12 to 26 November.

2002 AFC Youth Championship

2002 AFC Youth Championship was held in Qatar from 15 to 31 October.

2004 AFC Youth Championship

2004 AFC Youth Championship was held in Malaysia from 25 September to 9 October.

2006 AFC Youth Championship

2006 AFC Youth Championship was held in India from 29 October to 12 November.

2008 AFC U-19 Championship

2008 AFC U-19 Championship was held in Saudi Arabia from 31 October to 14 November.

2010 AFC U-19 Championship

2010 AFC U-19 Championship was held in China from 3 to 17 October.

2012 AFC U-19 Championship

2012 AFC U-19 Championship was held in United Arab Emirates from 3 to 17 November.

2014 AFC U-19 Championship

2014 AFC U-19 Championship was held in Myanmar from 9 to 23 October.

2016 AFC U-19 Championship

2016 AFC U-19 Championship was held in Bahrain from 13 to 30 October.

2018 AFC U-19 Championship

2018 AFC U-19 Championship was held in Indonesia from 18 October to 4 November.

600 (number)

600 (six hundred) is a number. Its prime factorization is formula_1 or formula_2.

Liga Portugal 2

The Liga Portugal 2 (also known as Liga Portugal 2 SABSEG for sponsorship reasons) is the second division of football in Portugal.



Carlos Chacón Galindo

Carlos Chacón Galindo (12 December 1934 – 17 February 2021) was a Peruvian politician. He was Provincial Mayor for Cusco Province from 1967 to 1969 and again from 1987 to 1989. He was born in Cusco, Peru.

Chacón Galindo died on 17 February 2021 in Lima at the age of 86.

Digital terrestrial television

Digital terrestrial television (DTTV or DTT, or DTTB with "broadcasting") is digital television sent by radio waves over the air (terrestrial television). It has replaced analog television in countries that have ended their digital television transition.

There are four main standards for sending this type of television:

The Powerpuff Girls: Relish Rampage

The Powerpuff Girls: Relish Rampage is a 2002 action-adventure comedy video game based on "The Powerpuff Girls" and released for the Nintendo GameCube and PlayStation 2.

The player can play as all three Powerpuff Girls and defeat enemies such as Mojo Jojo and the Pickloids.


The Powerpuff Girls learned that Mojo Jojo has set up an election for being the new Mayor of Townsville.


The game wasn't well-liked.

Electropunk

Electropunk (or electronic punk, synthpunk) is a type of music. It is a mixture of electronic rock with punk rock. Famous artists who make electropunk music are the Screamers, the Units and Le Shok.

ATSC standards

Advanced Television Systems Committee (ATSC) standards are American standards for digital television over terrestrial, satellite, and cable forms. It is mainly used in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and South Korea. They replaced the old NTSC standard for analog television for digital terrestrial television. Japan made their own standards, ISDB.

Jakks Pacific

Jakks Pacific is an American toy company. It began in 1995. In the late 2000s, it made dolls and action figures for Disney, the World Wrestling Federation, Nicktoons, Atari, Namco, Ms. Pac-Man, Capcom, and Activision. They make dolls, action figures, slumber bags, kites, writing tools, school supplies, pool floats, and other toys.

Jack Friedman and Stephen Berman started JAKKS Pacific in 1995.


José Canalejas y Casas

José Canalejas y Casas (1827–1902) was a Spanish engineer, writer and politician.

Born in December 1827 in Barcelona. He studied industrial engineering in Liège. He was the father of Spanish prime minister, José Canalejas Méndez.

He died in Madrid in November 1902.





Pizzetta

A pizzetta is a small pizza. They are usually 3 to 6 inches big.

Kanglei mythology

Kanglei mythology is the body of narrative myths, originally told by the people of Ancient Kangleipak. It may refer to:

1985 AFC U-16 Championship

1985 AFC U-16 Championship was held in Qatar from 1 to 10 February.

1986 AFC U-16 Championship

1986 AFC U-16 Championship was held in Qatar from 15 to 22 November.

1988 AFC U-16 Championship

1988 AFC U-16 Championship was held in Thailand from 1 to 14 November.

1990 AFC U-16 Championship

1990 AFC U-16 Championship was held in United Arab Emirates from 19 to 29 October.

1992 AFC U-17 Championship

1992 AFC U-17 Championship was held in Saudi Arabia in September 1992.

1994 AFC U-17 Championship

1994 AFC U-17 Championship was held in Qatar from 18 October to 1 November.

DZAB-TV

DZAB-TV was a Filipino television station. It is owned by ABS-CBN Corporation. Its studio is located at in San Jose, Occidental Mindoro.

1996 AFC U-17 Championship

The 1996 AFC U-17 Championship was held in Thailand from 17 September to 1 October.

1998 AFC U-17 Championship

1998 AFC U-17 Championship was held in Qatar from 3 to 17 September.

2000 AFC U-17 Championship

2000 AFC U-17 Championship was held in Vietnam from 3 to 17 September.

2002 AFC U-17 Championship

2002 AFC U-17 Championship was held in United Arab Emirates from 6 to 22 September.

2004 AFC U-17 Championship

2004 AFC U-17 Championship was held in Japan from 4 to 18 September.

2006 AFC U-17 Championship

2006 AFC U-17 Championship was held in Singapore from 3 to 19 September.

2008 AFC U-16 Championship

2008 AFC U-16 Championship was held in Uzbekistan from 4 to 19 October.

2010 AFC U-16 Championship

2010 AFC U-16 Championship was held in Uzbekistan from 24 October to 7 November.

2012 AFC U-16 Championship

2012 AFC U-16 Championship was held in Iran from 22 September to 6 October.

2014 AFC U-16 Championship

2014 AFC U-16 Championship was held in Thailand from 6 to 20 September.

2016 AFC U-16 Championship

2016 AFC U-16 Championship was held in India from 15 September to 2 October.

2018 AFC U-16 Championship

2018 AFC U-16 Championship was held in Malaysia from 20 September to 7 October.

2002 AFC U-19 Women's Championship

2002 AFC U-19 Women's Championship was held in India from 19 to 28 April.

Pelasgians

Pelasgians (, "Pelasgós") was a name used by ancient Greek authors to describe the ancestors of Greek people. The name was also used to describe all the indigenous peoples of the Aegean Sea and their cultures.

The Pelasgians are mentioned many times in the "Histories" written by the Greek historian Herodotus. They are mentioned in the first volume of the "Histories" when Croesus wanted to learn who the strongest Greeks were to befriend them. Herodotus called the Pelasgian language "barbarian" but thought of the Pelasgians to have been Greek. Herodotus also wrote about different places where Pelasgians, or Pelasgian-speakers, lived as neighbors of the Dorians and the Athenians.

Herodotus also wrote about the relationship between the Pelasgians and the (other) Greeks. The relationship mirrored the "rivalry within Greece itself between [...] Dorian Sparta and Ionian Athens." Herodotus wrote that the Hellenes split from the Pelasgians with the former outnumbering the latter. 

In the second volume of the "Histories", Herodotus wrote that the Pelasgians called their gods "theoi" before naming them because the gods put things in order ("thentes"). The historian also wrote that the gods of the Pelasgians were the "Cabeiri" and that all of Greece, or Hellas, was first called "Pelasgia".

In the seventh volume of the "Histories", Herodotus wrote that the Aeolians were known anciently as "Pelasgians". 

In the eigth volume of the "Histories", Herodotus wrote that the Pelasgians of Athens were once called "Cranai".

The Greek historian Dionysius of Halicarnassus gave a summary of the Pelasgians in his work "Roman Antiquities". He concluded based on the sources available to him that the Pelasgians were Greeks originally from the Peloponnese.

According to Sir Edward Bulwer-Lytton, the Pelasgians spoke Greek because the places where the "Pelasgi" traditionally lived, like Arcadia and Attica, only spoke Greek. Also, the few Pelasgian words and texts that exist betray a Greek language even though ancient Greeks called the Pelasgian language "barbarian". 

According to Thomas Harrison, the Greek etymology of Pelasgian words in Herodotus like "theoi" (from Greek "thentes") shows that the "Pelasgians spoke a language at least 'akin to' Greek". According to Pierre Henri Larcher, if this linguistic connection is true, then it proves that the Pelasgians and the Greeks were the same people.

In 1854, Johann Georg von Hahn, an Austrian diplomat and Albanian language scholar, suggested a connection between Early Albanian and Pelasgian. But this theory has been rejected by modern scholars.

2004 AFC U-19 Women's Championship

2004 AFC U-19 Women's Championship was held in China from May 25 to June 6.

2006 AFC U-19 Women's Championship

2006 AFC U-19 Women's Championship was held in Malaysia from 8 to 18 April.

2007 AFC U-19 Women's Championship

2007 AFC U-19 Women's Championship was held in China from 5 to 16 October.

2009 AFC U-19 Women's Championship

2009 AFC U-19 Women's Championship was held in China from 1 to 12 August.

2011 AFC U-19 Women's Championship

2011 AFC U-19 Women's Championship was held in Vietnam from 6 to 16 October.

2013 AFC U-19 Women's Championship

2013 AFC U-19 Women's Championship was held in China from 11 to 20 October.

2015 AFC U-19 Women's Championship

2015 AFC U-19 Women's Championship was held in China from 18 to 29 August.

2017 AFC U-19 Women's Championship

2017 AFC U-19 Women's Championship was held in China from 15 to 28 October.

2019 AFC U-19 Women's Championship

2019 AFC U-19 Women's Championship was held in Thailand from 27 October to 9 November.

2005 AFC U-17 Women's Championship

2005 AFC U-17 Women's Championship was held in South Korea from 16 to 27 April.

2007 AFC U-16 Women's Championship

2007 AFC U-16 Women's Championship was held in Malaysia from 8 to 17 March.

2009 AFC U-16 Women's Championship

2009 AFC U-16 Women's Championship was held in Thailand from 4 to 15 November.

2011 AFC U-16 Women's Championship

2011 AFC U-16 Women's Championship was held in China from 3 to 13 November.

2013 AFC U-16 Women's Championship

2013 AFC U-16 Women's Championship was held in China from 26 September to 6 October.

Thongalen

Thongalen (also Thongalel, Thongaren or Thongarel) is the god of the dead and the king of the underworld () in Meitei mythology and religion. He is worshipped by the people in Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). 
He is the Guardian God of the nadir.
He is the ancestor-God of the Khuman clan of Meitei people. Laikhurembi and Lainaotabi are his wives.

The "Pakhangba Nonggarol" () says the God of death is called ""Leinung Thongarel"" ().

King Thongaren () asked his highest ranked Queen Laikhurembi () to go with his brother Poireiton on a long trip. Poireiton was a ; his wife had died, and he had six children to raise and also had to go to the "Tai Pang Pan". King Thongalel thought his brother needed a wife to go with him on their trip. However, Queen Laikhurembi did not want to go. She said she was already the king's wife. Trees had already been planted in her honor because she and the king had lived together for a very long time. So, instead of Queen Laikhurembi, King Thongalel sent his second wife, Leinaotabi, to go with Poireiton and be his wife.

Nongban Pombi Luwaoba was a prince in the Luwang dynasty. A dynasty is a line of kings or queens who are all related to each other in the same family. Prince Nongban Pombi Luwaoba and his wife Namoinu were happy. Then she died suddenly. She died because of the God Thongalel. Prince Pombi Luwaoba refused to perform the funeral of her dead body. He hoped the God Thongalel would send her soul back into her body so she would be alive again. God Thongalel received a message from the prince through a pheasant bird. The message said that Prince Nongban Pombi Luwaoba was ready to fight God Thongalel if he did not send Namoinu's soul back. This made the God Thongalel angry. He sent two of his brothers, but Prince Nongban Pombi Luwaoba beat them both. He took them prisoner. Prince Nongban Pombi Luwaoba sent the pheasant bird with another message to God Thongalel. The message said that if the God wanted to get back his brothers alive, then he had to sent back the soul of Namoinu to her body.

Finally, God Thongalel came to meet Prince Pombi Luwaoba himself. But instead of fighting, the prince prayed to the God Himself. God Thongalel was happy that Prince Nongban Pombi Luwaoba showed him respect. Thongalel brought Namoinu back to life. He also gave her a gift: She would live for 100 years and have 100 sons.

God Thongalel is sometimes identified as God Wangpurel (). Thongalel is the King of underworld. Wangpurel reigns over the direction south. Some Meiteis believe that the direction south is the land of death. So, when the Meiteis got converted into Hinduism, both Thongalel and Wangpulel became counterparts of Hindu God Yama.


2015 AFC U-16 Women's Championship

2015 AFC U-16 Women's Championship was held in China from 4 to 15 November.

2017 AFC U-16 Women's Championship

2017 AFC U-16 Women's Championship was held in Thailand from 10 to 23 September.

2019 AFC U-16 Women's Championship

2019 AFC U-16 Women's Championship was held in Thailand from 15 to 28 September.

Caraballo Mountains

The Caraballo Mountains is a mountain range in the middle part of Luzon island in the Philippines, between the Cordillera Central and Sierra Madre mountain ranges. The mountains are the location of the start of the Cagayan River, the longest in the country.

Several parts of the mountain range are protected under the National Integrated Protected Areas System, and the Casecnan Protected Landscape and the Pantabangan–Carranglan Watershed Forest Reserve.

Spider-Man (disambiguation)

Spider-Man is a Marvel Comics superhero.

Spider-Man or Spiderman may also refer to:





Luzon Strait

The Luzon Strait lies between Taiwan and Luzon, which is part of the Philippines. The island of Taiwan used to be called "Formosa". This is the name used on the old map shown. The Luzon Strait is an important waterway. It is at least wide. In most places it is about wide. There are two groups of islands inside the strait: 


The Bashi channel runs between Orchid Island of Taiwan, and Mavulis Island of the Philippines. Navulis is the northernmost of the Batanes group. 

Plasticine

Plasticine is a putty-like modelling material made from calcium salts, petroleum jelly and fatty acids. It does not dry, and comes in many different colours.

Plasticine is used for children's play and for modelling more formal or permanent structures. 

Because of its non-drying property, it is a good material for stop-motion animation. It has been used for several Oscar-winning films by Aardman Animations (Nick Park). The brand-name clay is sometimes mentioned in British music, such as the "plasticine porters" in The Beatles' "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds", the Oasis songs "Little James" and "Shakermaker", the Placebo song "Plasticine", and the Thom Yorke song "Plasticine Figures".

Plasticine was invented in Bath, England in 1897 by an art teacher, William Harbutt. In 1983 production was moved to Thailand. Several attempts have been made to change the formula to evade the patent and its licences. There are a number of similar products, but none has proved more successful. There is, however, a good market for epoxy products which set hard after being applied as a liquid or putty. Plasticine does not set hard.

Plasticine is about 65% gypsum, 10% petroleum jelly, 5% lime, 10% lanolin and 10% stearic acid. It cannot be hardened by firing, melts when exposed to heat, and is flammable at higher temperatures.

Etsuko Handa

Handa was born in Shizuoka on May 10, 1965. She played for her local club Shimizudaihachi SC and Suzuyo Shimizu FC Lovely Ladies (formerly "Shimizu FC Ladies"). In 1989, at Shimizu FC Ladies, the club won championship in Nadeshiko League first season. And she was named first MVP awards in the league. In 1993 season, she scored 14 goals and she became top scorer. She was selected Best Eleven 4 times (1989, 1990, 1993 and 1994).

In June 1981, when Handa was 16 years old, she selected the Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship. At this competition, on June 7, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". On June 13, she scored a goal against Indonesia. This goal is Japan national team first goal in "International A Match". And Japan won the match (1-0). This is Japan national team first victory. She also played at 1986, 1989, 1991, 1993, 1995 AFC Championship, 1990, 1994 Asian Games. She was a member of Japan for 1991, 1995 World Cup and 1996 Summer Olympics. She played 75 games and scored 19 goals for Japan until 1996.

Midori Honda

Honda was born in Shizuoka on November 16, 1964. She played for her local club Shimizudaihachi SC. She won Empress's Cup for 4 years in a row (1980-1983). In 1985, she moved to Yomiuri Nippon SC Ladies Beleza. The club won Nadeshiko League for 3 years in a row (1990-1992). She was selected Best Eleven in 1990 season.

In June 1981, when Honda was 16 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship. At this competition, on 7 June, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". She also played at 1986, 1989, 1991 AFC Championship and 1990 Asian Games. She was also a member of Japan national team for 1991 World Cup. This competition was her last game for Japan. She played 43 games for Japan until 1991.

Futaba Kioka

Kioka was born in Shizuoka Prefecture on 22 November 1965. She played for her local club Shimizudaihachi SC until 1988. In 1989, she moved to Shimizu FC Ladies (later "Suzuyo Shimizu FC Lovely Ladies"). In 1989, the club won the championship in Nadeshiko League first season. And from next season, won the 2nd place for 4 years in a row until 1993 season. She was selected Best Eleven 3 times (1989, 1990 and 1995).

In June 1981, when Kioka was 16 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship. At this competition, on 7 June, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". She also played at 1986, 1989, 1993, 1995 AFC Championship, 1990, 1994 Asian Games. She was a member of Japan for 1991, 1995 World Cup and 1996 Summer Olympics. She played 75 games and scored 30 goals for Japan until 1996.

Miho Kaneda

Kaneda played for Shimizudaihachi SC. The club won 1980 Empress's Cup and she was selected MVP awards.

In June 1981, Kaneda was selected the Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship. At this competition, on June 7, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". She played in all 3 matches at this championship. In September, she also played in 2 matches against England and Italy. However Japan was defeated by a score of 0–9 against Italy. This is the biggest defeat in the history of Japan national team. She played 5 games for Japan in 1981.

Nick Park

Nick Park, CBE, RDI (born 6 December 1958) is a British stop-motion clay animation creator. He is one of the founders of Aardman Animations.

Aardman films have made $1 billion worldwide and average $147 million per film. All of their films are among the highest-grossing stop-motion films. Their debut, "Chicken Run" (2000), is their top-grossing film. It is the highest-grossing stop-motion film of all time.

Park has been nominated for an Academy Award a total of six times and won four with "Creature Comforts" (1989), "The Wrong Trousers" (1993), "A Close Shave" (1995) and "The Curse of the Were-Rabbit" (2005).

He has also directed the films "" and "Early Man".

Pakhangba

Pakhangba () is a dragon god in Meitei mythology and religion. He is the protector of the universe and the destroyer of the evils. He is the son of Leimarel Sidabi, the supreme mother earth goddess.

Pakhangba had seven sons. They are the seven great dragons, the mythical ancestors of the seven clan dynasties of the Meitei ethnicity.
They are:


Porfirije, Serbian Patriarch

Porfirije (, ; born Prvoslav Perić; born 22 July 1961) is the head of the Serbian Orthodox Church. He was the Metropolitan bishop of Zagreb and Ljubljana of the Serbian Orthodox Church, from 2014 to 2021. Before that, he was titular bishop of Jegar between 1999 and 2014.

On 19 February 2021, he became the 46th Patriarch of the Serbian Orthodox Church.

La Freissinouse

La Freissinouse is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

The D19, D47, D118L, D247 and D994 roads pass through the commune.

Hawaiian pizza

Hawaiian pizza or pineapple pizza is a pizza that has pineapple and ham. But, bacon can also be used. It was created in 1962 in Ontario, Canada. This pizza can start arguments, because people debate if pineapple belongs on pizza.

Marco's Pizza

Marco's Pizza, operated under Marco's Franchising, is an American restaurant chain and interstate franchise. It is based in Toledo, Ohio. It does Italian-American cuisine. 

As of mid-2017, there are more than 800 franchised Marco's Pizza eateries in 34 U.S. states, India and Puerto Rico.

In 2016 Marco's Pizza was ranked number ten under the "Pizza Today" list of the Top 100 Pizza Companies of the United States.

The company was founded in 1978 in Oregon, Ohio, which is a suburb of Toledo.

Interior point method

Interior point methods are algorithms to solve certain optimization problems. They have been used to find solutions in linear programming and quadratic programming problems. Interior point methods can be used when the solution is a convex set. The problem can then be restated as minimizing or maximizing a linear function over this set of solutions. They are called "interior" point methods, because they approximate the convex set from the inside. Interior point methods are often used because they have a better runtime behavior than the algorithms commonly used with linear programming. Because the sequence of values will converge towards a barrier, they are also known as barrier methods. 

Privacy by design

Privacy by design (PbD) is an idea in systems engineering and information technology.

In privacy by design, the engineers build the system so that it keeps information private starting at the beginning instead of building the system and then adding privacy protection later. In privacy by design, the designers treat privacy protection as just as important as other parts of the design.

Dr. Ann Cavoukian first said the term "Privacy by Design" when she was the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario, Canada. Dr. Cavoukian later wrote about the "7 foundational principles" of privacy by design in the 1990s.

The European GDPR regulation incorporates privacy by design which revolves around the following foundational principles:


The authors of more than five hundred other articles have talked about these principles by citing the white paper "Privacy by Design in Law, Policy and Practice" by Ann Cavoukian. Privacy by Design is accepted as the gold standard internationally.

Vigie-Cratère

Vigie-Cratère is a citizen science project from France. In Vigie-Cratère, ordinary people help scientists find craters on the surface of the Earth left by meteors, which are rocks that float through outer space. After they hit the Earth, they are called meteorites.

Vigie-Cratère is part of Vigie-Ciel. France's National Museum of Natural History, CNRS, University of Paris Saclay, IRD, Paris Observatory, Grenoble Alpes University, Universcience, the Pythéas Institute, and the Natural History Museum Vienna pay for Vigie-Cratère.


Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai

Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai was born on 16th February 1960. He is the Nigerian politician and the current governor of Kaduna state.

El-Rufai was former minister of Federal capital territory, Abuja between 2003 and 2007, and for director general of Bureau of Public Enterprises.

El-Rufai obtained his SSCE at Barewa College Zaria. He holds bachelor's degree in Quantity Survey from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, master's degree in business administration.

Acre tree frog

The acre tree frog ("Dendropsophus acreanus") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru and Brazil.

Sussex Spaniel

The Sussex Spaniel is a breed of gundog of the spaniel type that was first bred in Sussex in southern England in about the year 1795. It is has shorter legs and is slower than most of the other spaniels.

The Sussex Spaniel will always be a dark golden brown colour that in dogs is called "Liver".

These dogs are usually very gentle but can be rough with young children. Sometimes they might not like meeting other dogs that they don't know.

They are not as fast as most of the other spaniels and do not need to be exercised as much as their cousins.

Sivalik Hills

The Sivalik Hills or Shivalik Hills or Churia Hills, are a mountain range. They are part of the Himalayas. The Sivalik Hills are from the Indus River about 2,400 km (1,500 miles) east to the Brahmaputra River. They are in the northern parts of the Indian subcontinent. The Sivalik hills are 10–50 km (6.2–31.1 mi) wide. The hills are average of 1,500–2,000 m (4,900–6,600 feet) tall. There is a 90 km (56 mile) gap between the Teesta and Raidāk Rivers in Assam. Sivalik literally means "long hair of Shiva." The Sivalik area is home to the Soanian archaeological culture.

Amīr Aṣlān Afshār

Amīr Aṣlān Afshār (; 22 November 1919 – 18 February 2021) was an Iranian politician. He was the Ambassador of Iran to West Germany from 1973 to 1977, Ambassador of Iran to the United States from 1969 to 1972 and as the Ambassador of Iran to Austria from 1967 to 1969.

From 1956 to 1960, he was a member of the Islamic Consultative Assembly.

Afshār died from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in France in Nice, France at aged 101.

Pocket PC 2002

Pocket PC 2002 is the second released for Windows Mobile, was released for pubilc on October 4, 2001, there use by kernel type is Windows CE 2.10, based for Pocket PC 2000, Pocket PC 2002 was been the news codenamed is <nowiki>"Merlin"</nowiki> has succesor for Windows Mobile 2003.

In October 2000, Microsoft replaced of Pocket PC 2000 to beta version for codenamed <nowiki>"</nowiki>Merlin<nowiki>"</nowiki>, has been the history of Pocket PC 2002 device in beta version, in January 14, 2001, Pocket PC 2002 build 2100 by Microsoft has reach taken on Microsoft Build 2001 and 2002, use for 3 device is Vodafone, LG and HTC Vouge. the news Pocket PC 2002 Pre-RTM can starting released on August 2001, notification news on April 15, 2001 at the Microsoft Build 2001 in Los Angeles, California.

In United Kingdom, Pocket PC 2002 can be released on UK in November 2001, use for many people in work company, businessman work, enterprise and at home. Pocket PC 2002 can mistaken notification for Bill Gates on September 9, 2001. In first day ago, after released to officially for operating system Windows XP, Microsoft released Pocket PC 2002 on October 4, 2001.

Pocket PC 2002 can be choice for LG device, launch sale beginning on October 29, 2001. Pocket PC 2002 LG device can use for beginning sale in Campagin Shop. In November 2001, Bill Gates reach launched 6 device for LG, HTC Vouge and Vodafone for Pocket PC 2002, the officially released in Windows XP Mobile.

Pocket PC 2002 has been the news startup screen not loading bar, look like Windows XP are not iducle, after startup, Pocket PC 2002 can opens for the Today Screen, website browser for Wikipedia, not iducle for Google Chrome, Chromium, Firefox and Brave browser. Wikipedia mobile can be used for Google search and more, the shutdown screen use for left screen alongside with Pocket PC 2002 logo.


Masuyo Shiraishi

Shiraishi was born on September 24, 1964. In June 1981, when she was 17 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship. At this competition, on June 7, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". She played in all 3 matches at this championship. She played 4 games for Japan include this competition in 1981.

Nobuko Kondo

Kondo was born on December 1, 1956. In June 1981, she was selected the Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship. At this competition, on June 7, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". She played in all 3 matches at this championship. In September, she also played against Italy. However Japan was defeated this match by a score of 0–9. This is the biggest defeat in the history of Japan national team. She played 4 games for Japan in 1981.

Yuriko Shima

Shima was born on July 12, 1959. She played for FC Jinnan. The club won the 1979 Empress's Cup. At the final, she scored a winning goal and was selected MVP awards.

In June 1981, Shima was selected the Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship. At this competition, on June 7, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". She played in all 3 matches at this championship. In September, she also played against Italy. However Japan was defeated this match by a score of 0–9. This is the biggest defeat in the history of Japan national team. She played 4 games for Japan in 1981.

Shiho Kaneda

Kaneda was born on March 11, 1965. In June 1981, when she was 16 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship. At this competition, on June 7, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". She played in 2 matches at this championship. In September, she also played in 2 matches against England and Italy. However Japan was defeated by a score of 0–9 against Italy. This is the biggest defeat in the history of Japan national team. She played 4 games for Japan in 1981.

Chieko Homma

Homma was born on November 5, 1964. She played for Shimizudaihachi SC and Shizuoka Koki LSC.

In June 1981, Homma was selected by the Japan national team for the 1981 AFC Championship. At this competition, on June 7, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. This match was the Japan team's first match in an "International A Match". She played three games for Japan in 1981.

Maho Shimizu

In June 1981, she was selected by the Japan women's national team to play at the 1981 AFC Championship. She debuted in the competition on June 7, against Chinese Taipei. This match was the first International A Match for the Japan women's national team. She would played 3 games for Japan, include 2 in the 1981 AFC Championship.

Chieko Hase

Hase was born on October 25, 1956. In June 1981, she was selected for the Japan national team for the 1981 AFC Championship. At this competition, on June 7, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. This was the Japan team's first match in an "International A Match". She played in two matches at this championship. In September, she also played against Italy. However Japan was defeated in this match by a score of 0–9. This was the biggest defeat in the history of the Japan national team. She played three games for Japan in 1981.

Junko Ishida

Ishida was born on March 11, 1966. In June 1981, when she was 15 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship. At this competition, on June 7, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. This match is Japan team first match in "International A Match". She played in 2 matches at this championship. She played 3 games for Japan include this competition in 1981.

Goose coronavirus CB17

Goose coronavirus CB17 is the only species of virus in the subgenus Brangacovirus of the "Gammacoronavirus" genus.

Akemi Iwata

Iwata was born on January 19, 1954. In June 1981, when she was 17 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship. At this competition, on June 11, she debuted against Thailand. She played in 2 matches at this championship. In September, she also played against Italy. However Japan was defeated this match by a score of 0–9. This is the biggest defeat in the history of Japan national team. She played 3 games for Japan in 1981.

Sanae Mishima

Mishima was born on May 3, 1957. In June 1981, she was selected the Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship. At this competition, on June 11, she debuted against Thailand. In September, she also played against Italy. However Japan was defeated this match by a score of 0–9. This is the biggest defeat in the history of Japan national team. She played 2 games for Japan in 1981.

Mihoko Iwaya

Iwaya was born on June 1, 1964. In June 1981, when she was 17 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1981 AFC Championship. At this competition, on June 13, she debuted against Indonesia and Japan won this match (1-0). This is Japan team first victory. She played 2 games for Japan include this competition in 1981.

Sayuri Yamaguchi

Yamaguchi was born in Shizuoka Prefecture on July 25, 1966. She played for Shimizudaihachi SC, Suzuyo Shimizu FC Lovely Ladies and Tasaki Perule FC from 1981 to 2000. She was selected Best Eleven 4 times (1989, 1991, 1992 and 1993) in Nadeshiko League.

On September 6, 1981, when Yamaguchi was 15 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against England. She was a member of Japan for 1991 World Cup. She also played at 1986, 1991, 1993 AFC Championship and 1990 Asian Games. She played 29 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1993.

Nobuko Jashima

Jashima was born on December 26, 1959. On September 6, 1981, she debuted for the Japan national team against England.

Kaoru Kakinami

Kakinami was born on May 7, 1966. On September 6, 1981, when she was 15 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against England. She played 4 games for Japan until 1984.

Michiko Matsuda

Matsuda was born on 26 October 1966. She played for Prima Ham FC Kunoichi.

On 6 September 1981, when Matsuda was 15 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against England. She played at 1986, 1989, 1991 AFC Championship and 1990 Asian Games. She was also a member of Japan for 1991 World Cup. This competition was her last game for Japan. She played 45 games and scored 10 goals for Japan until 1991.

Mayumi Kaji

Kaji was born on 28 June 1964. She played for Tasaki Kobe. In 1989, she was selected Best Eleven Nadeshiko League first season.

On 6 September 1981, when Kaji was 17 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against England. She played at 1986, 1989, 1991 AFC Championship and 1990 Asian Games. She was also a member of Japan for 1991 World Cup. This competition was her last game for Japan. She played 48 games for Japan until 1991.

Emiko Kubo

Kubo was born in Osaka Prefecture on December 28, 1966. When she was junior high school student, she played for Takatsuki Ladies FC. The club won the 2nd place in 1979 Empress's Cup. When she was high school student, she played for Nishiyama High School Club. After graduating from high school, she returned to Takatsuki Ladies FC. When she was 23 years old, she got married and retired from playing career.

On September 6, 1981, when Kubo was 14 years and 262 days, she debuted for the Japan national team against England. It made her the youngest player who represented Japan. She played 4 games for Japan until 1984.

Tomoko Ohara

Ohara was born in Ise in 1957. On September 9, 1981, she debuted for the Japan national team against Italy. However Japan was defeated this match by a score of 0–9. This is the biggest defeat in the history of Japan national team. The match was the sole match she played in as part of the national team.

Masako Yoshida

Yoshida was born on August 12, 1957. On September 9, 1981, she debuted for the Japan national team against Italy. However Japan was defeated this match by a score of 0–9. This is the biggest defeat in the history of Japan national team.

Keiko Saito

Saito was born on March 24, 1965. In October 1984, she was selected the Japan national team for tour for China. On October 17, she debuted for Japan against Italy. She played 3 games for Japan in 1984.

Kimiko Shiratori

Shiratori was born on June 6, 1968. In October 1984, when she was 16 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for tour for China. On October 17, she debuted for Japan against Italy. She played 5 games for Japan until 1986.

Kazuko Hironaka

Hironaka played for Nadeshiko League club Nissan FC. She was selected Fighting Spirit prize in 1990 season.

In October 1984, Hironaka was selected by the Japan national team for a tour in China. On October 17, she debuted for Japan against Italy. She was a member of the national team in 1986 and in the 1989 AFC Championship. She also played in the 1990 Asian Games. That competition was her last game for Japan. She played 21 games and scored 3 goals for Japan between 1984 and 1990.

Asako Takakura

Takakura was born in Fukushima on April 19, 1968. In 1981, she joined FC Jinnan. In 1985, she moved to Yomiuri Beleza. The club won Nadeshiko League title for 4 years in a row (1990-1993). She was selected MVP awards in 1992 and 1993 season. She was also selected Best Eleven 7 times (1989, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1997 and 1998). In 1999, her husband Kazuhiko Takemoto moved to Gamba Osaka. So, she moved to Matsushita Electric Panasonic Bambina (later "Speranza FC Takatsuki") based in Osaka. In 2000, she moved to Women's Premier Soccer League club Silicon Valley Red Devils. In 2001, she returned to Speranza FC Takatsuki. End of 2004 season, she retired from playing career. She played 226 games in Nadeshiko League.

On October 17, 1984, when Takakura was 16 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Italy. She played at 1986, 1989, 1991, 1993, 1995, 1999 AFC Championship, 1990 and 1994 Asian Games. She was also a member of Japan for 1991, 1995 World Cup and 1996 Summer Olympics. She played 79 games and scored 29 goals for Japan until 1999.

Takakura started her coaching career as an assistant coach of the Japan U-17 national team at the 2009 and 2011 AFC U-16 Championships. As manager of the Japan U-17 team, she led the youth team to the title of the 2013 AFC U-16 Championship by winning over North Korea in the final. Next year, she led to the title of the 2014 U-17 World Cup by winning over Spain in the final. She repeated the achievement by mentoring the Japan U-20 national team to help them win the title of the 2015 AFC U-19 Championship, again by defeating North Korea in the final.

On April 27, 2016, Takakura was appointed as the manager of the Japan senior national team becoming the first female to hold the post. She was also appointed as manager of the Japan U-20 team and won 3rd place at 2016 U-20 World Cup. In 2018, she led to the title of 2018 Asian Cup.

Takakura has been given the "AFC Women's Coach Of The Year Awards" 7 times; in 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2017, 2018 and 2019.

Chiaki Yamada

Yamada was born in Shizuoka on August 2, 1966. She played for her local club Shimizudaihachi SC and Suzuyo Shimizu FC Lovely Ladies.

On October 17, 1984, when Yamada was 18 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Italy. She was a member of Japan for 1989 AFC Championship. This competition was her last game for Japan. She played 21 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 1989.

Mami Kaneda

Kaneda was born on March 9, 1968. She played for Shimizudaihachi SC and Nissan FC.

On October 22, 1984, when Kaneda was 16 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. She played 3 games for Japan until 1986.

Akemi Noda

Noda was born in Komae on October 13, 1969. In 1982, she joined Yomiuri Beleza. The club won Nadeshiko League for 4 years in a row (1990-1993). In 1990 season, she became top scorer with 16 goals and she was selected MVP awards. She was also selected Best Eleven 5 times (1989, 1990, 1991, 1993 and 1994). In 1995, she moved to Takarazuka Bunnys. In 1996, she retired.

On October 17, 1984, when Noda was 15 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Italy. She played at 1986, 1989, 1991, 1993, 1995 AFC Championship, 1990 and 1994 Asian Games. She was also a member of Japan for 1991, 1995 World Cup and 1996 Summer Olympics. She played 76 games and scored 24 goals for Japan until 1996.

Following the end of the 2010 Nadeshiko League season Noda was appointed Nippon TV Beleza's manager. She resigned in 2012. In May 2016, she was appointed Iga FC Kunoichi. She managed until end of 2017 season.

Kaori Nagamine

Nagamine was born in Kodaira on 3 June 1968. She played for Shinko Seiko FC Clair until 1990. She was selected Best Eleven in 1990 season. In 1991, she moved to Italian club Reggiana Refrattari Zambelli. She then became the first Asian footballer to play in Serie A. The club won Serie A for 2 years in a row. However, Reggiana was relegated due to financial strain. In 1993, she returned to Japan and joined Suzuyo Shimizu FC Lovely Ladies. However, the club was withdrew from Nadeshiko League end of 1998 season. The club was disbanded end of 1999 and she retired.

On 22 October 1984, when Nagamine was 16 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. She was a member of Japan for 1991 and 1995 World Cup. She also played at 1986, 1989, 1991, 1993, 1995 AFC Championship, 1990 and 1994 Asian Games. She played 64 games and scored 48 goals for Japan until 1996.

Masae Suzuki

Suzuki was born in Chiba on January 21, 1957. She started playing career at Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. In 1985, she moved to FC Jinnan (later "Nissan FC"). In 1990, she moved to her local new club, Nikko Securities Dream Ladies. End of 1991 season, she retired. During 2002 season, she came back as playing manager at JEF United Ichihara. In 2004 season, she played 9 games in Nadeshiko League. She made the records for the oldest player in Nadeshiko League match at the age of 47 years.

On October 24, 1984, when Suzuki was 27 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Italy. She played at 1986, 1989, 1991 AFC Championship and 1990 Asian Games. She was also a member of Japan for 1991 World Cup. This competition was her last game for Japan. She played 45 games for Japan until 1991.

Petroleum jelly

Petroleum jelly, is a common household product sold in chemists (pharmacies). It comes in small flat tins as in the illustration. 

Although it is known as “Petroleum”, Petroleum Jelly is not made of Petroleum. Chemically, it is a gel mixture of hydrocarbons. It is used as an ointment to put on skin. It has antiseptic and healing properties.

In origin it is an American product got from oil (petroleum). Its properties were first discovered by native Americans in Pennsylvania 1415–1450. Later it was refined by chemist Robert Chesebrough, who patented it in 1872. He opened his first factory in 1870 in Brooklyn using the trade name Vaseline.

Yoko Takahagi

Takahagi was born on April 17, 1969. She played for Shinko Seiko FC Clair.

On January 21, 1986, when Takahagi was 16 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against India. She played at 1986, 1989 and 1991 AFC Championship. She also played at 1990 Asian Games. She was a member of Japan for 1991 World Cup. She played 31 games for Japan until 1991.

Takako Tezuka

Tezuka was born in Utsunomiya on November 6, 1970. She played for Yomiuri Nippon Beleza (later "NTV Beleza"). The club won Nadeshiko League for 3 years in a row (1990-1992). In 1991 season, she became top scorer with 29 goals and she was selected MVP awards. She was also selected Best Eleven for 4 years in a row (1989-1992). End of 1992 season, she retired. However, during 1996 season, she came back and played for NTV Beleza until 1999.

On March 7, 1986, when Tezuka was 15 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Chinese Taipei. She played at 1986, 1989, 1991 AFC Championship and 1990 Asian Games. She was also a member of Japan for 1991 World Cup. This competition was her last game for Japan. She played 41 games and scored 19 goals for Japan until 1991.

After retirement, Tezuka started coaching career in her local Tochigi Prefecture. In 2011, she became assistant coach for Japan U-20 and U-17 national team. In October, U-20 team won 2011 AFC U-19 Championship and in November, U-17 team won 2011 AFC U-16 Championship. She has been given the "AFC Women's Coach Of The Year Award". In 2013, she was appointed manager for Urawa Reds. However, in June, she resigned for health reasons.

Yuko Oita

Oita was born on August 3, 1969. She played for Kobe FC, Nikko Securities Dream Ladies, Shiroki FC Serena and Takarazuka Bunnys.

On January 21, 1986, when Oita was 16 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against India. She played 3 games for Japan until 1987.

Shoko Hamada

On January 21, 1986, Hamada debuted for the Japan national team against India. She played two games for Japan in 1986.

Tomomi Seo

Seo played for Nadeshiko League club Tasaki-Shinju Kobe. She was selected Fighting Spirit prize in 1989 season.

On January 21, 1986, Seo debuted for the Japan national team against India.

Ryohei Suzuki

Ryohei Suzuki can mean:

Akiko Hayakawa

Hayakawa played for Yomiuri Beleza. She was selected Best Eleven in 1990 season.

On August 4, 1987, Hayakawa debuted for the Japan national team against Chinese Taipei. She played two games for Japan until 1988.

Yumi Watanabe

Watanabe was born on July 2, 1970. She played for Fujita Tendai SC Mercury.

On June 1, 1988, when Watanabe was 17 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She played at 1989 AFC Championship and 1990 Asian Games. She was also a member of Japan for 1991 World Cup. She played 19 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 1991.

Tomoko Matsunaga

Matsunaga was born on August 10, 1971. She played for Yomiuri Nippon Beleza from 1984. In Nadeshiko League from 1989, she played 65 matches for the club in 5 season. She retired end of 1993 season.

On June 1, 1988, when Matsunaga was 16 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She played at 1989, 1991 AFC Championship and 1990 Asian Games. She played 13 games for Japan until 1991.

Taeko Kawasumi

Kawasumi was born on October 30, 1972. She played for Tokyo Shidax LSC, Yomiuri-Seiyu Beleza and FC PAF.

On June 3, 1988, when Kawasumi was 15 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Czechoslovakia. She played 2 games for Japan in 1988.

Kyoko Kuroda

Kuroda was born on May 8, 1969. She played for Prima Ham FC Kunoichi. She was selected Best Eleven in 1991 season.

On January 12, 1989, when Kuroda was 19 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Finland. She was a member of Japan for 1991 World Cup. She played at 1989, 1991 AFC Championship, 1990 and 1994 Asian Games. She played 21 games and scored 7 goals for Japan until 1994.

Noriko Ishibashi

Ishibashi was born on May 5, 1970. In December 1989, she was selected the Japan national team for 1989 AFC Championship. At this competition, on December 24, she debuted and scored a goal against Nepal. She also played at 1991 AFC Championship. This competition was her last game for Japan. She played 3 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1991.

Megumi Sakata

Sakata was born in Ozu, Kumamoto on October 18, 1971. After graduating from Ozu High School, she joined for Nissan FC in 1990. However, the club was disbanded end of 1993 season. She moved to Prima Ham FC Kunoichi. She retired end of 1996 season. In 1999, she came back at Tasaki Perule FC and she played until 2002 season.

In December 1989, when Sakata was 18 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1989 AFC Championship. At this competition, on December 24, she debuted against Nepal. She was a member of Japan for 1991 and 1995 World Cup. She also played at 1990 Asian Games, 1991, 1993 and 1995 AFC Championship. She played 10 games for Japan until 1996.

Yuriko Mizuma

Mizuma was born in Yamagata Prefecture on July 22, 1970. She played for Urawa Motobuto Ladies FC until 1992. In 1993, she moved to Asahi Kokusai Bunnys (later "Takarazuka Bunnys"). In 1995, she retired for injury.

On September 9, 1990, when Mizuma was 20 years old, she debuted and scored a goal for the Japan national team against South Korea. She was a member of Japan for 1991 World Cup. She also played at 1990 Asian Games, 1991 and 1993 AFC Championship. She played 22 games and scored 10 goals for Japan until 1994.

Tamaki Uchiyama

Uchiyama was born in Hyogo Prefecture on December 13, 1972. She played for Tasaki Kobe (1989–1991) and Prima Ham FC Kunoichi (1992–1999). At Prima Ham FC Kunoichi, the club won the Nadeshiko League championship 2 times in 1995 and 1999. She was also selected Best Eleven 2 times (1995 and 1999).

In May 1991, when Uchiyama was 18 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1991 AFC Championship in Fukuoka. At this competition, on May 26, she debuted against North Korea. She also played at 1994, 1998 Asian Games, 1995, 1997 and 1999 AFC Championship. She was also a member of Japan for 1991, 1995, 1999 World Cup and 1996 Summer Olympics. She played 58 games and scored 26 goals for Japan until 1999.

Ryoko Uno

Uno was born in Sagamihara on November 9, 1975. She joined Yomiuri Beleza (later "NTV Beleza") in 1990. The club won Nadeshiko League championship for 4 years in a row until 1993. She was selected Best Eleven for 3 years in a row from 1991 to 1993. In 2000, she moved to YKK Tohoku Ladies SC Flappers (later "TEPCO Mareeze"). In 2007, she retired.

In May 1991, when Uno was 15 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1991 AFC Championship in Fukuoka. At this competition, on June 3, she debuted against Singapore. She also played at 1993 AFC Championship. She was a member of Japan for 1995 World Cup. She played 6 games for Japan until 1996.

Barrier methods

Barrier method can refer to different concepts:


Maki Haneta

Haneta was born on September 30, 1972. She played for Matsushita Electric Panasonic Bambina. In 1994 season, the club won Nadeshiko League championship and she was selected MVP awards. She was also selected Best Eleven 4 times (1993, 1994, 1996 and 1998).

In December 1993, Haneta was selected the Japan national team for 1993 AFC Championship. At this competition, on December 4, she debuted and scored a goal against Chinese Taipei. She also played at 1994 Asian Games and 1995 AFC Championship. She was a member of Japan for 1995 World Cup and 1996 Summer Olympics. She played 30 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1997.

Kaoru Kadohara

Kadohara was born on May 25, 1970. She played for Matsushita Electric Panasonic Bambina. She was selected Best Eleven in 1994 season.

In December 1993, Kadohara was selected the Japan national team for 1993 AFC Championship. At this competition, on December 4, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. She also played at 1994 Asian Games, 1995 AFC Championship. She was a member of Japan for 1995 World Cup and 1996 Summer Olympics. She played 12 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1996.

Junko Ozawa

Ozawa was born in Kamakura on December 7, 1973. She joined Nissan FC in 1989. In 1993 season, she was selected Best Eleven. However, the club was disbanded end of the season. She moved to Tokyo Shidax LSC in 1994. But, in 1995, the club was disbanded again. She moved to Fujita SC Mercury in 1996. End of 1997 season, she retired.

In December 1993, when Ozawa was 19 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1993 AFC Championship. At this competition, on December 4, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. She also played at 1994 Asian Games. She was a member of Japan for 1995 World Cup and 1996 Summer Olympics. She played 21 games for Japan until 1997.

Rie Yamaki

Yamaki was born in Chiba Prefecture on October 2, 1975. She joined for Nissan FC in 1989. In 1989 season, she was selected Young players awards. However, the club was disbanded in 1993. In 1994, she moved to Nikko Securities Dream Ladies. The club won Nadeshiko League championship for 3 years in a row (1996-1998). She was also selected MVP awards in 1997 season. However, the club was disbanded in 1998 due to financial strain. She moved to German Bundesliga club Frankfurt. In 2003, she returned to Japan and joined Ohara Gakuen JaSRA. She retired end of 2004 season. She was also selected Best Eleven for 5 years in a row (1993-1997).

In December 1993, when Yamaki was 18 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1993 AFC Championship. At this competition, on 4 December, she debuted against Chinese Taipei. She also played at 1994, 1998 Asian Games, 1995 and 1997 AFC Championship. She was a member of Japan for 1995, 1999 World Cup and 1996 Summer Olympics. She played 50 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 1999.

Yumi Tomei

Tomei was born in Gifu on June 1, 1972. She played for Iga FC Kunoichi (formerly "Prima Ham FC Kunoichi") from 1988 to 2000. The club won Nadeshiko League championship in 1995 and 1999. She was also selected Best Eleven 5 times (1994, 1995, 1996, 1997 and 1999).

In December 1993, Tomei was selected the Japan national team for 1993 AFC Championship. At this competition, on December 6, she debuted against Philippines. She also played at 1994, 1998 Asian Games, 1995 and 1997 AFC Championship. She was a member of Japan for 1995, 1999 World Cup and 1996 Summer Olympics. She played 43 games and scored 6 goals for Japan until 1999.

Yuko Morimoto

Morimoto was born in Osaka Prefecture on January 6, 1974. She played for Prima Ham FC Kunoichi. In 1992 season, she was selected Young Player Awards.

In December 1993, Morimoto was selected the Japan national team for 1993 AFC Championship. At this competition, on December 6, she debuted against Philippines. She also played at 1997 AFC Championship. She played 10 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 1998.

Nami Otake

Otake was born in Machida on July 30, 1974. In 1989, she joined Yomiuri Beleza (later "Nippon TV Beleza"). She was selected Young Player Awards in 1989. The club won Nadeshiko League championship for 4 years in a row (1990-1993). She was selected Best Eleven 2 times (1997 and 1999). She retired in July 2001.

On August 20, 1994, Otake debuted and scored a goal for the Japan national team against Slovakia. She also played at 1994, 1998 Asian Games, 1995, 1997 and 1999 AFC Championship. She was also a member of Japan for 1995, 1999 World Cup and 1996 Summer Olympics. She played 46 games and scored 29 goals for Japan until 1999.

In July 2009, Otake changed her name from "大竹 奈美" to "大竹 七未". She married footballer Kento Tsurumaki in June 2012.

Tsuru Morimoto

Morimoto was born on November 9, 1970. She played for Nissan FC. However, the club was disbanded in 1993. After she left the club, she played for Nikko Securities Dream Ladies and the Ladies side of Italian Serie A club Lazio.

On August 21, 1994, Morimoto debuted and scored a goal for the Japan national team against Austria. She was a member of Japan for 1995 World Cup. She also played at 1994 Asian Games and 1995 AFC Championship. She played 5 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1995.

Terumi Nagae

Nagae played for Nadeshiko League club Nikko Securities Dream Ladies.

On August 21, 1994, Nagae debuted for the Japan national team against Austria.

Yuki Fushimi

Fushimi played for Nadeshiko League club Suzuyo Shimizu FC Lovely Ladies.

On August 21, 1994, Fushimi debuted for the Japan national team against Austria.

Inesu Emiko Takeoka

Takeoka was born on May 1, 1971. She played for Nikko Securities Dream Ladies. The club won Nadeshiko League championship for 3 years in a row (1996-1998). However, the club was disbanded in 1998 due to financial strain and she retired.

On August 21, 1994, Takeoka debuted for the Japan national team against Austria. She was a member of Japan for 1995 World Cup. She also played at 1995 AFC Championship. She played 3 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 1995.

Minako Takashima

Takashima played for Nadeshiko League club Nissan FC. She was selected Fighting Spirit prize in 1993 season. However, the club was disbanded in 1993. She moved to Shiroki FC Serena in 1994.

On August 21, 1994, Takashima debuted for the Japan national team against Austria.

Etsuko Tahara

Tahara played for Nadeshiko League club Fujita Tendai SC Mercury and Tasaki Perule FC.

On August 21, 1994, Tahara debuted for the Japan national team against Austria.

Kae Nishina

Nishina played for Iga FC Kunoichi and was selected Best Eleven in 1998 season.

On 5 May 1995, Nishina debuted for the Japan national team against Canada. She also played at 1995, 1997 AFC Championship and 1998 Asian Games. She was also a member of Japan for 1995, 1999 World Cup and 1996 Summer Olympics. She played 46 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2000.

Shiho Onodera

Onodera was born in Yamato on November 18, 1973. In 1989, she joined Yomiuri Beleza (later "Nippon TV Beleza"). In 1990 season, she debuted in Nadeshiko League and she was selected Young Player Awards. She played 275 matches for 20 years at the club until end of 2008 season. She was selected Best Eleven 7 times (1991, 1992, 1994, 1995, 1997, 2000 and 2005). The club won Nadeshiko League championship 11 times. In 2014, she came back at her local club Yamato Sylphid. At the end of 2016 season, she retired.

In September 1995, Onodera was selected the Japan national team for 1995 AFC Championship. At this competition, on 22 September, she debuted against South Korea. She was a member of Japan for 1995, 1999, 2003 World Cup, 1996 and 2004 Summer Olympics. She also played at 1998 and 2001 AFC Championship. She played 23 games for Japan until 2004.

Miyuki Izumi

Izumi was born in Tokyo Metropolis on May 31, 1975. In 1989, she joined Shinko Seiko FC Clair (later "Tokyo Shidax LSC"). In 1989 season, she was selected Young Player Awards. However, the club was disbanded in 1995. So, she moved to Suzuyo Shimizu FC Lovely Ladies. In 1998 season, she played 18 games and scored 21 goals. She became top scorer. However, the club was withdrew Nadeshiko League end of 1998 season. So, in 1999, she moved to NTV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Beleza"). She retired end of 2006 season. She was also selected Best Eleven 2 times (1998 and 1999).

On May 16, 1996, Izumi debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She was a member of Japan for 1996 Summer Olympics. She played 5 games for Japan in 1996.

Bertha's tree frog

Bertha's tree frog ("Dendropsophus berthalutzae") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives on the east coast of the country, not far from the Atlantic Ocean.

This frog lays eggs on leaves over bodies of water. When the tadpoles hatch from their eggs, they fall off the leaf into the water.

Rie Kimura

Kimura was born in Kyoto Prefecture on July 30, 1971. After graduating from Osaka University of Health and Sport Sciences, she played for Speranza FC Takatsuki from 1994 to 2003.

On May 16, 1996, Kimura debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She played at 1999 and 2001 AFC Championship. She played 21 games for Japan until 2001.

Tomoe Kato

Kato was born in Tokyo Metropolis on May 27, 1978. She played for Nippon TV Beleza from 1993 to 2008. The club won Nadeshiko League championship 8 times. She played 246 matches in Nadeshiko League. She was selected MVP awards 2 times in 2001 and 2002. She was also selected Best Eleven for 12 years in a row (1996-2007).

On June 8, 1997, when Kato was 19 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against China. She was a member of Japan for 1999, 2003, 2007 World Cup, 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics. She played 114 games and scored 8 goals for Japan until 2008.

Kato got married and changed her name to Tomoe Kato (加藤 與惠) from Tomoe Sakai (酒井 與惠) in November 2007.

Tomomi Miyamoto

Miyamoto was born in Sagamihara on December 31, 1978. After graduating from Sagami-Ono High School, she joined Prima Ham FC Kunoichi (later "Iga FC Kunoichi") in 1997. She was selected Best Eleven 2 times (1999 and 2003). She took maternity leave in 2005 season. She came back from 2006 season. In 2009, she moved to TEPCO Mareeze. In 2011, she returned to Iga FC Kunoichi. End of 2012 season, she retired.

On June 8, 1997, when Miyamoto was 18 years old, she debuted and scored a goal for the Japan national team against China. She was a member of Japan for 1999, 2003, 2007 World Cup and 2004 Summer Olympics. She also played at 1997, 1999, 2003 AFC Championship, 1998 and 2002 Asian Games. She played 77 games and scored 13 goals for Japan until 2007.

Miyamoto got married and changed her name to Tomomi Miyamoto (宮本 ともみ) from Tomomi Mitsui (三井 ともみ) in 2002. In May 2005, she bore a child. So, she took maternity leave in 2005 season.

Mayumi Omatsu

Omatsu was born on July 12, 1970. She played for Nikko Securities Dream Ladies. The club won Nadeshiko League championship and she was selected Best Eleven for 3 years in a row (1996-1998). However, the club was disbanded in 1998 due to financial strain. She moved to OKI FC Winds in 1999. However the club was disbanded end of season.

On June 8, 1997, Omatsu debuted for the Japan national team against China. She played at 1997 AFC Championship. She was also a member of Japan for 1999 World Cup. She played 12 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 1999.

Nozomi Yamago

Yamago was born in Saitama on January 16, 1975. After graduating from Honjo Women's High School, she joined Prima Ham FC Kunoichi (later "Iga FC Kunoichi") in 1993. In 2002, she moved to her local club Saitama Reinas FC (later "Urawa Reds"). In 2005, she moved to Women's Premier Soccer League club California Storm. End of 2005 season, she returned to Urawa Reds in September. In 2012, she moved to AS Elfen Saitama. She retired in 2014. She was selected Best Eleven 10 times (1996, 1999, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010).

On June 15, 1997, Yamago debuted for the Japan national team against China. She was a member of Japan squads at the 1999, 2003, 2007 and 2011 World Cups, as well as the 2004 Summer Olympics. At the 2011 World Cup, Japan won the championship. She played 96 games for Japan until 2011.

Sanamahi

Sanamahi () is a primordial god in Meitei mythology and religion. He is the deity of the household, whose identity is often associated with the "Sun God" (Kolouhanpa). He is the eldest son of Atingkok, the supreme creator god of the universe.
He is often bestowed with the title Lainingthou, for being the ruler of the human household.

Miyuki Yanagita

Yanagita was born in Chigasaki on April 11, 1981. When she was a high school student, she played for NTV Beleza. In 2000, she graduated from high school and she joined Tasaki Perule FC. In 2006, she moved to Urawa Reds. She retired end of 2012 season. She played 239 matches at 3 clubs in Nadeshiko League and she was selected Best Eleven 3 times (2006, 2009 and 2010).

In December 1997, when Yanagita was 16 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1997 AFC Championship. At this competition, on December 5, she debuted and scored a goal against Guam. She was a member of Japan for 1999, 2003, 2007 World Cup, 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics. She played 91 games and scored 11 goals for Japan until 2008.

Yumi Umeoka

Umeoka played for Prima Ham FC Kunoichi.

On June 15, 1997, Umeoka debuted for the Japan national team against China. She played at 1997 AFC Championship. She played 4 games for Japan until 1998.

Mai Nakachi

Nakachi was born in Chiba Prefecture on December 16, 1980. She played for Nippon TV Beleza from 1997 to 2010. She was selected Best Young Player award in 1997 season. She played 187 matches in Nadeshiko League and she was selected Best Eleven 4 times (2000, 2001, 2003 and 2006). The club won Nadeshiko League championship 8 times.

In December 1997, when Nakachi was 16 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1997 AFC Championship. At this competition, on December 5, she debuted against Guam. She played at 1998, 2002 Asian Games, 2001 and 2003 AFC Championship. She was also a member of Japan for 1999 and 2003 World Cup. She played 30 games for Japan until 2008.

Mito Isaka

Isaka was born in Saitama Prefecture on January 25, 1976. She joined Nadeshiko League club Urawa Ladies in 1994. She was selected Best Young Player awards in 1994 season. In 1995, she moved to Prima Ham FC Kunoichi (later "Iga FC Kunoichi"). In 1999 season, she scored 21 goals and became top scorer and she was selected MVP awards. She was also selected Best Eleven 3 times (1999, 2000 and 2003).

On June 15, 1997, Isaka debuted for the Japan national team against China. She played at 1998, 2002 Asian Games, 1999 and 2001 AFC Championship. She was also a member of Japan for 1999 World Cup. She played 46 games and scored 15 goals for Japan until 2002.

Kaoru Nagadome

Nagadome was born on May 7, 1973. She played for Prima Ham FC Kunoichi. She was selected Best Eleven in 1995 season.

On June 15, 1997, Nagadome debuted for the Japan national team against China. She was a member of Japan for 1999 World Cup. She played 4 games for Japan until 1999.

Tomomi Fujimura

Fujimura was born in Hyogo Prefecture on May 30, 1978. After graduating from high school, she played for Iga FC Kunoichi (1997–2005) and INAC Kobe Leonessa (2006–2009). She was selected Best Eleven in 2000 season.

On June 15, 1997, when Fujimura was 19 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against China. She played at the 1999 and 2001 AFC Championship. She played 20 games and scored one goal for Japan until 2002.

South Holland, Illinois

South Holland is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Miki Sugawara

Sugawara played for Iga FC Kunoichi.

On May 17, 1998, Sugawara debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She played at 1998 Asian Games. She played 7 games and scored 2 goals for Japan in 1998.

Kazumi Kishi

Kishi was born on November 25, 1975. She played for Urawa Reinas FC.

On May 21, 1998, Kishi debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She played at 1998 Asian Games. She played 9 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2001.

Yasuyo Yamagishi

Yamagishi was born in Saitama Prefecture on November 28, 1979. After graduating from Saitama Sakae High School, she joined Prima Ham FC Kunoichi (later "Iga FC Kunoichi") in 1998. She played 131 matches in Nadeshiko League and she was selected Best Eleven 5 times (1999, 2001, 2002, 2003 and 2004). In 2007, she moved to INAC Leonessa. She retired end of 2008 season.

In December 1998, when Yamagishi was 19 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 1998 Asian Games. At this competition, on December 8, she debuted against Thailand. She played at 1999, 2001, 2003 AFC Championship and 2002 Asian Games. She was also a member of Japan for 2003 World Cup and 2004 Summer Olympics. She played 60 games and scored 6 goals for Japan until 2005.

Malbork

Malbork () is a town in Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2019, 36,884 people lived there.

Ayumi Hara

Hara was born in Hachioji on February 21, 1979. In 1993, when she was 14 years old, she debuted for Yomiuri Nippon Beleza (later "Nippon TV Beleza"). In 2000 season, she was selected MVP awards in Nadeshiko League. She played for the club until 2001. From 2002, she played for Iga FC Kunoichi (2002-2005) and INAC Kobe Leonessa (2006-2009). She retired in 2009. She played 245 matches at 3 clubs in Nadeshiko League and she was selected Best Eleven 3 times (1999, 2000 and 2008). In July 2013, she came back at AS Elfen Sayama FC (later "AS Elfen Saitama") until end of 2014 season.

On May 17, 1998, when Hara was 18 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She was a member of Japan for 1999, 2007 World Cup and 2008 Summer Olympics.

Inowrocław

Inowrocław () is a town in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2019, 72,561 people lived there.

Theranos

Theranos is a bankrupt American technology corporation in the field of medical services. It was founded in 2003 by a 19-year-old Elizabeth Holmes. It is considered a big scam. For a long time, the founders advertised their startup as a breakthrough technology company. They claimed to have developed blood tests that needed only small amounts of blood. The tests could be passed very quickly with the help of compact automated devices developed by the company. Later the statements turned out to be untrue. In 2018, the company was declared bankrupt. Founder Elizabeth Holmes is under investigation. She was fined and banned from running any company for 10 years.

Krosno

Krosno is a town in Subcarpathian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2019, 46,291 people lived there.

CD Condal

Club Deportivo Condal was a Spanish football club based in Barcelona. It was founded in 1934 and dissolved in 1970. The team played at the "Camp de Les Corts", in Barcelona.

Condal was founded on 1 August 1934 as Sección Deportiva La España Industrial. It was renamed Club Deportivo Condal in 1956. In 1970 it merged with Atlètic Catalunya to create Barcelona Atlètic (now FC Barcelona Atlètic), which is the reserve team of FC Barcelona.



La Roche-de-Rame

La Roche-de-Rame is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Barret-sur-Méouge

Barret-sur-Méouge is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

La Bâtie-Montsaléon

La Bâtie-Montsaléon is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

La Saulsotte

La Saulsotte is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Savières

Savières is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Semoine

Semoine is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Soligny-les-Étangs

Soligny-les-Étangs is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Sommeval

Sommeval is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Soulaines-Dhuys

Soulaines-Dhuys is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Souligny

Souligny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Spoy, Aube

Spoy is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Thennelières

Thennelières is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Thieffrain

Thieffrain is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Thil, Aube

Thil is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Thors, Aube

Thors is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Torcy-le-Grand, Aube

Torcy-le-Grand is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Torcy-le-Petit, Aube

Torcy-le-Petit is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Torvilliers

Torvilliers is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Traînel

Traînel is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Trancault

Trancault is a commune in the Aube department in North-Central France.

Trannes

Trannes is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Trouans

Trouans is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Turgy

Turgy is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Unienville

Unienville is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Urville, Aube

Urville is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Moirang Sai

"Moirang Sai" is a story telling art form of Manipur that narrates the epic love story of the Khamba Thoibi of Ancient Moirang, a province in Ancient Manipur. Currently, it is dying among the present generation of the Manipuri ethnicity. Recently, Mangka Mayanglambam, a legendary folk singer, is reviving the nearly extinct music art form.
After her dedicated efforts, there have been consecutive workshops organized to preserve the age old tradition by many organizations and associations of Manipur.

Ice axe

An ice axe is a tool mountaineers use for routes that involve snow or ice. It is used to probe the stability of the snow or ice in crevasses, and for ice climbing. There are techniques to lighten a fall onto a suitable surface of snow or ice. it can be used to securize a party on an ice climbing tour. In 1933, crampons were introduced. These are attached to the shoes of the mountaineer and provide more stability. They are also used in icy situations. Before their widespread use, ice axes were used to make steps for the mountaineers to use. 

Liao River

The Liao River () is the biggest river in northeastern China (Manchuria). It has a length of . The Chinese province Liaoning and the Liaodong Peninsula are named after the river. The Liao River is one of the seven main river systems in mainland China. In 1958, the river changed its course. This is caused by a River engineering project. A dam was constructed by the civil emergency preparedness department of the local government. It is called the "Six rooms dam" (). The dam caused some of the tributaries to be blocked off such as the Hun River.

It passes by Jilin City in Jilin province as well as Tieling, Panjin and Tai'an in Liaoning province.

Vailly, Aube

Vailly is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Val-d'Auzon

Val-d'Auzon is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Vallant-Saint-Georges

Vallant-Saint-Georges is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Saint-Tropez

Saint-Tropez is a commune of 4,103 people (2018). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in the south of France.

Vallentigny

Vallentigny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Vallières, Aube

Vallières is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Mariam Kvrivishvili

Mariam Kvrivishvili (born 11 June 1990) is a Georgian politician. She has been a member of the Parliament of Georgia since 2020. She is also a member of Georgian Dream.


Panjin

Panjin is a city in northeastern China, on the banks of the Liao River. About 1.4 million people lived in the city, in 2021. The economy of the city is based mostly on its petrochemical industry. Panjin's climate is heavily influenced by the monsoon environment.

Vanlay

Vanlay is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Vauchassis

Vauchassis is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Vauchonvilliers

Vauchonvilliers is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Vaucogne

Vaucogne is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Liquid diet

A liquid diet is a diet that is mostly made up of liquids, or soft foods that melt at room temperature (such as ice cream). A liquid diet usually helps provide lots of hydration and helps maintain electrolyte balance. It is often prescribed for people who suffer with gastrointestinal illness or damage, or before or after certain types of medical tests or surgeries that involves the mouth or the digestive tract.

A liquid diet is not recommended outside of hospital or medical supervision. Negative side effects include fatigue, nausea, dizziness, hair loss and dry skin. These effects are said to disappear when the person starts eating.

A clear liquid diet is made up of a diet only contains transparent liquid foods that do not contain any solid particles. It is sometimes called a "surgical liquid diet" because of its perioperative uses. This includes vegetable broth, bouillon (excepting any particulate dregs), clear fruit juices such as filtered apple juice, clear fruit ices or popsicles, clear gelatin desserts, and certain carbonated drinks such as ginger-ale and seltzer water. It excludes all drinks containing milk, but may accept tea or coffee. Typically, this diet contains about 500 calories per day, which is too little food energy for long-term use.

A full or strained liquid diet is made up of both transparent and opaque liquid foods with a smooth consistency. People who follow this diet may also take liquid vitamin supplements. Some individuals who are told to follow a full-liquid diet are also allowed to eat soft foods such as strained meats, sour cream, cottage cheese, ricotta, yogurt, mashed vegetables or fruits, etc.

Vaudes

Vaudes is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Vaupoisson

Vaupoisson is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Vendeuvre-sur-Barse

Vendeuvre-sur-Barse is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

La Vendue-Mignot

La Vendue-Mignot is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Vernonvilliers

Vernonvilliers is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Verpillières-sur-Ource

Verpillières-sur-Ource is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Verricourt

Verricourt is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Verrières, Aube

Verrières is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Viâpres-le-Petit

Viâpres-le-Petit is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Lucky Pierrot

Lucky Pierrot is a chain of restaurants, that usually sells hamburgers and other fast foods. Lucky Pierrot is in Japan and it opened in 1987. Right now, they have 17 stores.


Villacerf

Villacerf is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villadin

Villadin is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

La Ville-aux-Bois

La Ville-aux-Bois is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villechétif

Villechétif is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villeloup

Villeloup is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villemereuil

Villemereuil is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villemoiron-en-Othe

Villemoiron-en-Othe is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villemorien

Villemorien is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villemoyenne

Villemoyenne is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villenauxe-la-Grande

Villenauxe-la-Grande is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

La Villeneuve-au-Châtelot

La Villeneuve-au-Châtelot is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villeneuve-au-Chemin

Villeneuve-au-Chemin is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

La Villeneuve-au-Chêne

La Villeneuve-au-Chêne is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villeret, Aube

Villeret is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villery

Villery is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

NK Maribor

NK Maribor is a Slovenian football club based in Maribor.


Ville-sous-la-Ferté

Ville-sous-la-Ferté is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Bond of Fear

Bond of Fear is a 1917 American silent western movie directed by Jack Conway and starring Roy Stewart, Belle Bennett, Melbourne MacDowell. It was distributed by Triangle Film Corporation.

Ville-sur-Arce

Ville-sur-Arce is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Richton Park, Illinois

Richton Park is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Stone Park, Illinois

Stone Park is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Steger, Illinois

Steger is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Steger has a total area of 3.4 square miles.

La Bâtie-Vieille

La Bâtie-Vieille is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Kiton

Kiton was founded in 1968, is the trademark of Ciro Paone SpA, company founded in 1956.

The Kiton brand was set up by Ciro Paone at Arzano, in the province of Naples, in 1968 and the name Kiton derives from "chiton", the ceremonial tunic worn by the ancient Greeks to pray to the gods of Olympus.
Thanks to the very high quality and limited production, the brand is also nicknamed "the Ferrari of clothes".

Kiton have five factories:



The Contest

"The Contest" is the 51st episode of the television show "Seinfeld". It was first broadcast on NBC on November 18, 1992. The episode is about the show's main characters starting a contest on how long they can go without masturbating.

NBC thought that masturbation was not a good topic to show on television. The word "masturbation" is not said in the episode. The phrase "master of my domain" (meaning someone who is trying not to masturbate) has been made as a catchphrase in popular culture.

Larry David won a Primetime Emmy Award (for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series) for writing the episode. "TV Guide" put the episode as the 1st in their list of Greatest Episode of All-Time.

Husakism

Husakism is a political philosophy in Slovakia. It is based on the ideals of the Slovak politician Gustav Husak.

He was also the president of Czechoslovakia from 1975-89 during the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia.

Nongpok Ningthou

Nongpok Ningthou (Meitei: ꯅꯣꯡꯄꯣꯛ ꯅꯤꯡꯊꯧ) is a deity in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). He is the ruling guardian deity of the eastern direction. Legend says Nongpok Ningthou and Panthoibi got united in the Nongmaiching hills (Langmai hills). Later, they were worshipped as the civilization giving deities in Meitei religion.

Nongpok Ningthou is one of the principal Umang Lais. He was originally known as "Langmai Ningthou" (lit. Lord of the Langmai people).

The Nongmaiching Hill (also known as Selloi Langmai Hills) was the ancestral territory of the Selloi Langmai people. This zone has the strongest worship of God Langmai Ningthou (Nongpok Ningthou). According to the Nongmaiching Chingkoipa (AKA Nongmaijing Chingoiba) text, the mountain in the east and beyond the rivers (Imphal R., Iril R. and Kongba R.) is the abode of God Keinou Chingsompa (another name of Nongpok Ningthou).

According to the Thalon (Tharon) text, Selloi Langmai Hill had 5 divisions. Each division was occupied by different ethic groups. Each groups had different ancestral deities. These were later described as the 5 pillars of the Selloi Langmai country.

Later, in the course of time, these 5 gods belonging to 5 different places of the Selloi Langmai Hill were integrated into a single God with the name "Langmai Ningthou". The personal names became the aliases or various forms of the God. With this, the tribal society of the Selloi Langmai people evolved into a chiefdom. This chiefdom later rose to the Angom dynasty.
According to the Naothingkhong Phambal Kaba PuYa, the position of the Langmai Ningthou (lit. "Langmai King") rose to the highest level of the Umang Lai God. He acquired a new title "Nongpok Ningthou". It took place after the uprooting of the Selloi Langmai people by the Meetei King Ura Konthouba in the 7th century AD. With the end of the ethnic conflict, the Selloi Langmai people merged into the Meitei ethnicity. Their deity "Langmai Ningthou" got renamed as "Nongpok Ningthou" (lit. "Sovereign of the East"). The name of the God was given by the Meiteis. The God originally belonged to the Selloi Langmai people. These group of people lived in the East of the Kangla, the capital of the Meitei kingdom.

The Cheitharol Kumbaba mentioned the God for the first time during the reign of King Khagemba (1597 AD-1652 AD).

God Nongpok Ningthou and Goddess Panthoibi are true lovers. They first met when the goddess was wandering in the open meadows, bathing and sporting in the cool waters of the running river. She was captivated by the handsome looks and towering personality of Nongpok Ningthou (alias Angoupa Kainou Chingsangsompa). They fell in love at first sight. He proposed her to elope with him. But the already married goddess didn't accept the instant proposal very soon because it was not even five days passed after her wedding. She insisted him to spend some time.

The two lovers met secretly but regularly many times. Panthoibi's behavior causes her in-laws to have suspicion over her. Her mortal husband, Khaba Sokchrongba, tried to win her heart with many tricks. But these were useless to the goddess. Nongpok Ningthou eloped with Goddess Panthoibi, his true lover, wearing the attires of the Tangkhuls.

Nongpok Ningthou and Panthoibi, the two divine lovers, united on the Nongmaiching Hills. Their joyous union was celebrated with dances and music by the divine beings. These celebration gave birth to the Lai Haraoba festival.

In another version of the story, Nongpok Ningthou met goddess Panthoibi for the first time when she was helping her father at jhum cultivation (Slash-and-burn). They fell in love at first sight without no conversation. But Panthoibi was married to another man against her will. She left her husband's house to search for her true beloved. Nongpok Ningthou also left his home for the same purpose. The lovers met at the Kangla. Kangla became the place of their divine union. So, it is considered to be an auspicious place of coronation of the Meitei kings.

Most of the surviving cults and shrines dedicated to God Langmai Ningthou (Nongpok Ningthou) are located in the Nongmaiching Hill (Selloi Langmai Hill) and its nearby areas.

A few of the most prominent shrines include: (1) Nongpok at Yairipok, (2) Panam Ningthou at Andro, (3) Nongpok Ningthou at Khoirom, (4) Pureiromba at Lamlai, (5) Nongpok Ningthou at Engourok (Ingourok), (6) Pureiromba at Naharup, (7) Nongpok Ningthou at Takhel, (8) Pureiromba at Bamon Kampu, (9) Nongpok Ningthou at Charangpat Maning, (10) Waroi Ching Malang Lamhuiba at Waroi Ching, (11) Nongpok at Chandrakhong.

These shrines are under the institution of the Umang Laism. However, there are many shrines of God Langmai Ningthou independent from the Umang Laism. Examples include Chingyai, Kharong, Isingchaibi, Nungpak Khul, Chingoi, etc. Due to the independence from the Umang Laism, these shrines were absorbed into Hinduism during the post-Charairongba era in Manipur. One notable instance is the shrine of Chingyai. The shrine of Chingyai was converted into the cult of Hindu God Shiva Mahadeva during the reign of King Chandrakirti (1850 AD-1886 AD).

Khwairakpa Erel is the most famous sacred site dedicated to Nongpok Ningthou (alias Khwairakpa) in Assam. It is an island in the middle of the Barak River.

Panthoibi Jagoi is a duet dance form that is accompanied by a romantic song sung by a maibi and a penakhongba (pena player). It has reference to the love of Nongpok Ningthou for his consort Panthoibi.

The Tangkhul Nurabi Loutaba is an enactment of the repartee between Tangkhul Pakhang (Nongpok Ningthou) and Nurabi (Panthoibi). The two players dress up in Tangkhul attires of farming in the field. This is performed on the last night of the Kanglei Haraoba (a form of Lai Haraoba).




Yayoi Kobayashi

Kobayashi was born in Tama on September 18, 1981. She played for Nippon TV Beleza from 1997 to 2014. In her 18 seasons, she played 223 matches in Nadeshiko League. The club won Nadeshiko League championship 8 times and 2nd position 10 times. She also became top scorer in 2000 season and she was selected Best Eleven in 2000 and 2001.

On March 24, 1999, when Kobayashi was 17 years old, she debuted and scored a goal for the Japan national team against France. She was a member of Japan for 1999, 2003 World Cup and 2004 Summer Olympics. She also played at 2001, 2003 AFC Championship and 2002 Asian Games. She played 54 games and scored 12 goals for Japan until 2004.

Yoshie Kasajima

Kasajima was born on May 12, 1975. She played for Shimizudaihachi SC, Urawa Reds and AS Elfen Sayama FC. She was selected Best Eleven in 2004 season. She retired end of 2011 season.

In November 1999, Kasajima was selected the Japan national team for 1999 AFC Championship. At this competition, on November 8, she debuted against Thailand. She also played at 2001 AFC Championship and 2002 Asian Games. She played 24 games and scored 4 goals for Japan until 2002.

Megumi Torigoe

Torigoe played for Speranza FC Takatsuki.

In November 1999, Torigoe was selected the Japan national team for 1999 AFC Championship. At this competition, on November 8, she debuted against Thailand. She played 8 games for Japan until 2001.

Mai Aizawa

Aizawa was born in Mie Prefecture on September 10, 1980. After graduating from Yokkaichi Nishi High School, she joined Matsushita Electric Panasonic Bambina (later "Speranza FC Takatsuki") in 1999. In the 1999 season, she was selected for the Best Young Player awards. She retired in 2010.

In November 1999, when Aizawa was 19 years old, she was selected for the Japan national team for 1999 AFC Championship. At this competition, on November 12, she debuted and scored 3 goals against Nepal. She also played at the 2002 Asian Games. She played 5 games and scored 4 goals for Japan until 2002.

Shoko Mikami

Mikami was born in Ichihara on January 8, 1981. In 1996, she joined Nikko Securities Dream Ladies. The club also won Nadeshiko League championship for 3 years in a row (1996-1998). However, the club was disbanded in 1998 due to financial strain. She moved to Tasaki Perule FC. In 2001 season, she was selected Best Eleven. In 2002, she moved to her local club JEF United Ichihara (later "JEF United Chiba"). In 2003, she went to United States and played university team. In 2007, she returned to JEF United Chiba. In 2009, she retired.

In November 1999, Mikami was selected the Japan national team for 1999 AFC Championship. At this competition, on November 12, she debuted and scored 2 goals against Nepal. She played 3 games and scored 2 goals for Japan in 1999.

After retirement, Mikami became coach for youth team at JEF United Chiba. In 2014, she became manager for top team. She managed the team until 2017 season.

Naoko Nishigai

Nishigai was born on January 22, 1969. She played for Nikko Securities Dream Ladies and OKI FC Winds. She was selected Best Eleven in 1998 season.

On May 2, 1999, when Nishigai was 30 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She was a member of Japan for 1999 World Cup. She played 2 games for Japan in 1999.

The Grapes of Wrath (movie)

The Grapes of Wrath is a 1940 American drama movie directed by John Ford and was based on the 1939 novel of the same name by John Steinbeck. It stars Henry Fonda, Jane Darwell, John Carradine, Charles Grapewin, Dorris Bowdon, O. Z. Whitehead, John Qualen, Eddie Quillan, Darryl Hickman, Shirley Mills, Roger Imhof, John Arledge, Irving Bacon, Ward Bond, Charles Tannen and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 7 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1941.


Mari Miyamoto

Miyamoto played for OKI FC Winds.

In November 1999, Miyamoto was selected the Japan national team for 1999 AFC Championship. At this competition, on November 12, she debuted against Nepal.

Bob Loughman

Bob Loughman Weibur (born 8 March 1961) is a Vanuatuan politician who has been the Prime Minister of Vanuatu from 2020 to 2022. He was first elected to parliament from the island of Tanna in the July 6, 2004 general election. He was re-elected in 2008 and 2012. He is leader of the democratic socialist Vanua'aku Pati party. 

In March 2013, following a change of government, the new Prime Minister, Moana Carcassé Calosil, appointed him Minister of Education. Like other members of the Vanuatu party, he began voting against the party line on May 15, 2014, to overthrow the Carcassée government. New Prime Minister Joe Natuman backed Loffman as education minister. He lost his post on June 11, 2015, when the Natuman government was removed due to a no-confidence vote.

In 2018, he became the leader of the Vanuatu party.

He was born on Tanna Island and has been Prime Minister of the Republic of Vanuatu from 20 April 2020 until 4 November 2022.

Before that, he was Deputy Prime Minister, minister of education, tourism, and economy, and also an MP.


Yuka Yamazaki

Yamazaki was born in Tokyo Metropolis on June 29, 1980. She played for Nippon TV Beleza and Okayama Yunogo Belle. She retired in 2006.

On May 31, 2000, when Yamazaki was 19 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. She played 7 games for Japan until 2001.

Ehsan ganji

Ehsan Ganji (Born 1 January 1971, Dehdasht) is an Iranian Cartoonist and Journalist. before working in the field of caricature, he had activities in the literature. Ganji has pursued caricature professionally since 2001. He has participated in many international cartoon festivals and exhibitions and has won various awards. He has collaborated with several newspapers including Shahrvand newspaper, Shargh newspaper, Etemad newspaper, Ebtekar newspaper, Maghreb newspaper and Khat Khati , Kayhan caricature and Humor and Caricature magazines as well as news websites.


Mio Otani

Otani was born in Koka on May 5, 1979. After graduating from Keimei Gakuin High School, she joined Tasaki Perule FC in 1998. She became top scorer for 3 years in a row (2001-2003). In 2003 season, she was also selected MVP awards and the club won Nadeshiko League championship. In 2005 season, she became top scorer again. However, the club was disbanded in 2008 due to financial strain. So, she retired end of 2008 season. She scored 150 goals in 180 matches in Nadeshiko League. She was also selected Best Eleven for 6 years in a row (2001-2006).

On May 31, 2000, Otani debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. She was a member of Japan for 2003, 2007 World Cup and 2004 Summer Olympics. She scored a hat trick in Japan's victory over Argentina in the 2003 World Cup. She also played at 2001, 2003 AFC Championship, 2002 Asian Games and 2006 Asian Cup. She played 73 games and scored 31 goals for Japan until 2007.

Harue Sato

Sato was born in Isesaki on January 1, 1976. After graduating from high school, she joined Nikko Securities Dream Ladies in 1994. The club was disbanded in 1998 due to financial strain. She moved to OKI FC Winds in 1999. However, the club was disbanded end of season. She moved to YKK Tohoku Ladies SC Flappers (later "TEPCO Mareeze") in 2000. In 2000 season, she was selected Best Eleven. She retired in 2006.

On May 31, 2000, Sato debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. She played at 2001 AFC Championship. She played 17 games and scored 4 goals for Japan until 2002.

Ville-sur-Terre

Ville-sur-Terre is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villette-sur-Aube

Villette-sur-Aube is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villiers-Herbisse

Villiers-Herbisse is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villiers-le-Bois

Villiers-le-Bois is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villiers-sous-Praslin

Villiers-sous-Praslin is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Villy-en-Trodes

Villy-en-Trodes is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Eriko Arakawa

Arakawa was born in Nerima, Tokyo on October 30, 1979. In 1997, she joined Nadeshiko League club Yomiuri-Seiyu Beleza (later "Nippon TV Beleza") from youth team. She was selected Best Eleven in 2003 and 2004. In the September 2008 WPS International Draft, she was drafted by FC Gold Pride in the top level US based Women's Professional Soccer league. In her first appearance for FC Gold Pride, Arakawa scored the club's first ever goal against Boston Breakers leading to a 2–1 victory. It would turn out to be her only goal of the season. Following the end of the 2009 WPS season, she was back to Nippon TV Beleza. In 2010, she moved to Urawa Reds. From 2013, she played for Chifure AS Elfen Saitama (2013-2014, 2016), Nippon TV Beleza (2015) and Nippon Sport Science University Fields Yokohama (2017). She is currently playing for Chifure AS Elfen Saitama from 2018.

On 10 June 2000, Arakawa debuted for the Japan national team against Canada. She was a member of Japan for 2003, 2007 World Cup, 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics. She played 72 games and scored 20 goals for Japan until 2011.

Villy-le-Bois

Villy-le-Bois is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Megumi Ogawa

Ogawa played for Iga FC Kunoichi.

On December 17, 2000, Ogawa debuted for the Japan national team against United States.

Villy-le-Maréchal

Villy-le-Maréchal is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Vinets

Vinets is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Naoko Kawakami

Kawakami was born in Akashi on November 16, 1977. In 1990, she was 13 years old, she joined for Tasaki-Shinju Kobe (later "Tasaki Perule FC"). She previously played midfielder. However, when she entered the Japan national team, she became a right back. After success at this position, she remained a defender when she transferred to Nippon TV Beleza. She had a lot of success with her two clubs, winning one Nadeshiko League title with her first club in 2003 and three Empress's Cups, and two other titles with her second one. She was also selected Best Eleven 5 times (2000, 2002, 2003, 2004 and 2005).

On March 16, 2001, Kawakami debuted for the Japan national team against Chinese Taipei. She played at 2001, 2003 AFC Championship and 2002 Asian Games. She was also a member of Japan for 2003 World Cup and the 2004 Olympic Games. She played 48 games for Japan until 2005.

Virey-sous-Bar

Virey-sous-Bar is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Vitry-le-Croisé

Vitry-le-Croisé is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Viviers-sur-Artaut

Viviers-sur-Artaut is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Voigny

Voigny is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Vosnon

Vosnon is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Voué

Voué is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Vougrey

Vougrey is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Vulaines

Vulaines is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

Yèvres-le-Petit

Yèvres-le-Petit is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.

The Philadelphia Story

The Philadelphia Story is a 1940 American romantic comedy movie directed by George Cukor and was based on the 1939 play of the same name by Philip Barry. It stars Cary Grant, Katharine Hepburn, James Stewart, Ruth Hussey, John Howard, Roland Young, Mary Nash, Virginia Weidler, Henry Daniell and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 6 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1941. It was remade as "High Society" in 1956.


Kanako Ito

Ito was born in Nerima, Tokyo on July 20, 1983. She joined NTV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Beleza") in 1999. She was selected Best Eleven in 2001 and 2002. End of 2008 season, she left the club. But in 2010, she came back Nippon TV Beleza and she played until 2012. From 2013, she played for Chifure AS Elfen Saitama, INAC Kobe Leonessa and Nippon Sport Science University Fields Yokohama. She retired end of 2019 season.

On August 5, 2001, when Ito was 18 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against China. In 2002, she was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2002 U-19 World Championship. She played 13 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 2012.

Yuka Miyazaki

Miyazaki was born in Iga on October 13, 1983. when she was a Ueno Commercial High School and Tenri University student, she played for her local club Iga FC Kunoichi from 1999 to 2005. she was selected Best Eleven in 2002 season. After graduating from Tenri University, she joined TEPCO Mareeze in 2006. She left the club in 2009. In 2013, she came back at Okayama Yunogo Belle.

On August 5, 2001, when Miyazaki was 17 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against China. In 2002, she was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2002 U-19 World Championship. She was also a member of Japan for 2003 World Cup. She played 18 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2009.

Bénévent-et-Charbillac

Bénévent-et-Charbillac is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. Since 2013, it became a part of the commune of Saint-Bonnet-en-Champsaur.

Noriko Baba

Baba was born in Tokyo Metropolis on May 4, 1977. She played for Nippon TV Beleza from 1994 to 2006.

On August 3, 2001, Baba debuted for the Japan national team against South Korea. She played 5 games for Japan until 2002.

Saint-Bonnet-en-Champsaur

Saint-Bonnet-en-Champsaur is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. On 1 January 2013, it is made of the former communes of Bénévent-et-Charbillac and Les Infournas.

Les Infournas

Les Infournas is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. Since 2013, it became a part of the commune of Saint-Bonnet-en-Champsaur.

Saitama Rapid Railway Line

The Saitama Railway Line (埼玉高速鉄道線, "Saitama Kōsoku Tetsudō sen") transit line in Japan operated by the Saitama Railway Corporation. It forms a continuation of the Tokyo Metro Namboku Line, starting at Akabane-iwabuchi Station in Tokyo and ending at Urawa-Misono Station in Saitama Prefecture. The line is used as the main means of transportation to Saitama Stadium 2002. On 27 November 2015, the route was nicknamed the "Saitama Stadium Line". The line symbol used in the station numbering is "SR".

Yuki Tsuchihashi

Tsuchihashi was born in Anan on January 16, 1980. After graduating from Osaka University of Health and Sport Sciences, she joined Tasaki Perule FC in 2002. In 2006, she moved to Ohara Gakuen JaSRA. In 2007, she moved to Urawa Reds. She was selected Best Eleven in 2009. She retired end of 2012 season.

On August 5, 2001, when Tsuchihashi was an Osaka University of Health and Sport Sciences student, she debuted for the Japan national team against China. She played at 2001 AFC Championship. She played 4 games for Japan in 2001.

Bréziers

Bréziersis a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Champoléon

Champoléon is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Calaf

Calaf is a municipality of 3,656 people (2020). It is in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Nao Shikata

Shikata was born in Kamakura on November 5, 1979. When she was a Fujisawa Nishi High School student, she joined Yomiuri-Seiyu Beleza (later "Nippon TV Beleza") in 1995. She was selected Best Eleven in 2005. The club won Nadeshiko League 7 times. She retired in 2008.

In December 2001, Shikata was selected the Japan national team for 2001 AFC Championship. At this competition, on December 4, she debuted against Singapore. She also played at 2006 Asian Cup. This competition was her last game for Japan. She played 8 games for Japan until 2006.

Emi Yamamoto

Yamamoto was born in Miura on March 9, 1982. After graduating from Shonan Women's High School, she joined Tasaki Perule FC in 2000. She was selected Best Young Player awards in 2000 season. The club won Nadeshiko League championship in 2003 and 2nd position 4 times. However, the club was disbanded in 2008 due to financial strain. From 2009, she went to United States and Italy. In 2014, she returned to Japan and joined Regional Leagues club, Yokohama FC Seagulls (later "NHK Spring Yokohama FC Seagulls"). The club was promoted to Nadeshiko League Second Division from 2016 and she played as a regular player every season. In 2021, she moved to Chifure AS Elfen Saitama.

On January 12, 2003, Yamamoto debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She played at 2003 AFC Championship. She was also a member of Japan for 2003 World Cup and 2004 Summer Olympics. She played 22 games and scored 4 goals for Japan until 2004.

La Chapelle-en-Valgaudémar

La Chapelle-en-Valgaudémar is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Châteauneuf-de-Chabre

Châteauneuf-de-Chabre is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Val Buëch-Méouge.

Tomoko Suzuki

Suzuki was born in Kanagawa Prefecture on January 26, 1982. After graduating from Shonan Women's High School, she joined Tasaki Perule FC in 2000. She played 117 matches for the club until 2007. She moved to INAC Leonessa (later "INAC Kobe Leonessa") in 2008. She retired in 2009.

On January 12, 2003, Suzuki debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She played 3 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2005.

Pikeville, Tennessee

Pikeville is a city in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Bledsoe County.

Avera, Georgia

Avera is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is in Jefferson County.

Akiko Sudo

Sudo was born in Kokubunji on April 7, 1984. She was promoted to Nippon TV Beleza from the youth team in 2000 and played until 2013. In 14 seasons, she played 156 games and scored 15 goals. The club won Nadeshiko League championship 8 times. She retired end of 2013 season.

In August 2002, Sudo was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2002 U-19 World Championship. On January 12, 2003, she debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She was a member of Japan for 2003 World Cup. She subsequently played the 2006 Asian Games, where she scored against Jordan, the 2010 EAFF Championship, which Japan won, and the 2010 Asian Cup, which marked qualification for the 2011 World Cup, which Japan eventually won. She played 15 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 2010.

Hiroko Sano

Sano was born on February 5, 1983. She played for Tasaki Perule FC.

On March 19, 2003, when Sano was 20 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Thailand.

Akiko Niwata

Niwata was born in Osaka Prefecture on September 12, 1984. In 2000, she was promoted to Speranza FC Takatsuki from the youth team. In 2007, she moved to Urawa Reds. She retired end of 2012 season. She played 96 matches in Nadeshiko League and she was selected Best Eleven 2 times (2009 and 2010).

In August 2002, Niwata was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2002 U-19 World Championship. On March 19, 2003, she debuted for the Japan national team against Thailand.

Item

Item (pronounced eetem), is a place in Nigeria. It is one of the communities in Bende Local Government Area in Abia State, Nigeria. It is next to Akeze (in Ebony State) in the north, Nkporo in the east, Alayi in the west, and Abiriba and Igbere in the south.

The Okpi Stool is an ancient, sacred, foremost or highest traditional institution in Item. The Okpi is the father of Item people. The Okpi is the Paramount Ruler of Item and Clan Head of Item. The Okpi Stool is non-religious and non-political; rather he is the father of all religious and political bodies. Okpi of Item is the head of the executive, legislature and judiciary in Item traditional system of government.

Before the beginning of colonial government, Item people had a stable traditional government. Okpi was and still is the father of Item and the pinnacle of the whole genealogy. In Item generally as in most neighbouring communities like Abam, Abiriba and Ututu, the Otosi or Ofo Eze is the system of supreme authority of rulership.

It would be extremely difficult to describe or explain the influence and importance of the Otosi in the life of Item people. All authorities in the community derive legitimacy from the Otosi or Ofo Eze, hence traditional rulership in Item is hereditary.

The kindred’s with royal and priestly responsibilities are those that brought Otosi to Item from Potopo. The Otosi or Ofo Eze remains the most important symbol of authority in Item.

The Otosi or Ofo Eze is a very powerful swagger always left in the authority of traditional Ruling and Royal Kindreds. The Otosi was and remains a source of strength succour, bond of unity, as well as political and religious union, hence you hear the slogan “ITEM BU ULORANI” [Item is one house]. Little wonder, all important cultural festivals in Item, such as Igwa Nmam, Ita Achicha, Iwa Ama and Iri Ndi are celebrated on same day in Item Clan.

The following are the ancestral royal and ruling kindred in Item: Ndi Okorocha Apuanu Item, Umuafiaji Okoko Item, Ekwo Amaokwe Item and Umuovum Ameke Item. In the olden days, these four royal kindred constitute the Abu Ano Item  Item King Makers and their heads were the heads of the four original villages in Item.

They were assisting the Okpi of Item, who doubled as the chairman of Obu Ano Item in performing the executive, legislative and judicial functions. In these four villages, they are second in command to the traditional village heads, otherwise known as “AGBA EZE” in Apuanu Item, the Agba Eze is Ndu Ihize, in Okoko Item- Umuogbe Okoko Item in Amaokwe Item  Amafor Amaokwe Item, in Ameke Item Ndi Elekwa/Ugwuapu/Amaoba.

As farmsteads expanded and increased both in population and socio-economic activities, they were given village status. They include Okagwe, Umuakpa, Akanu, Okai and Amaekpu Item. In other to have efficient and effective government in Item, the heads of the five new villages were admitted into the Council of Chief and Elders, still under the chairmanship of Okpi of Item no matter the venue of their meeting.

They perform the executive functions in their various villages but were not vested with the sceptre of Otosi or Ofo Eze. Nonetheless, it must be noted that in these five villages only the kith and kin of heads and second in command were the heads, hence it is convenient and appropriate to incorporate them into the supreme council of Obu Ano Item  Item King-Makers.

No wonder, the colonial government after a careful study opined that Item had a stable traditional government similar to the system in England and congratulated as well as encouraged Item people on their orderly system of government.

Whenever there is a vacancy usually by the demise of the ruling Okpi, the Stool of Okpi Item devolves on the next senior man in Ndi Okorocha Royal Kindred, except where he objects to taking the office for a reason. Immediately after the death of the ruling Okpi and before new one takes office, the son of the deceased Okpi or a minor a regent from his family is appointed by the king-makers to act as Okpi, until the new Okpi is selected and installed in accordance with age-long tradition of Item.

Eriko Sato

Sato was born in Shizuoka Prefecture on November 25, 1985. After graduating from Waseda University, she played for TEPCO Mareeze.

On July 27, 2003, when Sato was 17 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. She played 2 games for Japan until 2008.

Aubessagne

Aubessagne is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. The municipality was created on 1 January 2018 and consists of the former communes of Chauffayer (the seat), Saint-Eusèbe-en-Champsaur and Les Costes.

Spoy

Spoy is the name of two communes in France:

Spoy, Côte-d'Or

Spoy is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Chauffayer

Chauffayer is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Aubessagne.

Châteauneuf-d'Oze

Châteauneuf-d'Oze is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Aya Shimokozuru

Shimokozuru was born in Nagaokakyo on June 7, 1982. In 1999, she joined Matsushita Electric Panasonic Bambina (later "Speranza FC Takatsuki") from the youth team. In 2005, she moved to Tasaki Perule FC. She was selected Best Eleven in 2005, 2006. However, in 2008, the club was disbanded due to financial strain and she retired. In May 2009, she came back at Speranza FC Takatsuki. In 2010, she moved to TEPCO Mareeze. However, the club was disbanded for Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011. She moved to new club Vegalta Sendai and played as captain. She retired end of 2013 season.

In April 2004, Shimokozuru was selected the Japan national team for 2004 Summer Olympics qualification. At this competition, on April 18, she debuted against Vietnam. She was a member of Japan for 2004 Summer Olympics. She also played at 2006, 2008 Asian Cup and 2006 Asian Games. She played 28 games for Japan until 2008.

Ayako Kitamoto

Kitamoto was born in Sapporo on June 22, 1983. After graduating from Tokyo Women's College of Physical Education, she played for Urawa Reds from 2004 to 2010. The club won Nadeshiko League champions in 2004 and 2009. She was also selected Best Eleven in 2009. She retired end of 2010 season. In 2014, she came back as playing manager at new club Orca Kamogawa FC. She played until 2015 season.

In August 2002, Kitamoto was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2002 U-19 World Championship. On June 6, 2004, she debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She played 17 games and scored 4 goals for Japan until 2010.

Java mouse-deer

The Java mouse-deer ("Tragulus javanicus") is a leaf-dwelling, predominantly herbivorous ungulate in the family Tragulidae. When it reaches maturity it is about the size of a rabbit, making it the smallest living ungulate. It is found in forests in Java and perhaps Bali, although sightings there have not been verified.

The Java mouse-deer's common scientific name is "Tragulus javanicus", although other classification names for it exist, including "Tragulus javanica", "Cervus javanicus", and the heterotypic synonym "Tragulus fuscatus". The Java mouse-deer is also known by many common names, including Javan chevrotain, Javan mousdeer, or Java Mousedeer. The taxonomic status of the Java mouse-deer is questionable, but recent craniometric analyses have begun to shed light on the taxonomic discrepancies. Previously, the Java mouse-deer, "Tragulus javanicus", was commonly thought to represent the wider class of large chevrotains, but it was found that these, unlike the Java mouse-deer, do not likely reside on Java. Three species groups of "Tragulus" have been identified based on craniometric skull analyses and coat coloration patterns. These three species groups are "Tragulus javanicus", "Tragulus napu", and "Tragulus versicolor". Based upon these craniometric analyses, "Tragulus javanicus" was then further separated based on the organisms’ known geographic locations: "Tragulus williamsoni" (found in northern Thailand and possibly southern China), "Tragulus kanchil" (found in Borneo, Sumatra, the Thai–Malay Peninsula, islands within the Greater Sunda region, and continental Southeast Asia), and "Tragulus javanicus" (found in Java). Thus, because of its uniqueness to the island of Java, the Java mouse-deer is now considered a distinct species, although this fact has not significantly affected its current classification.

Mouse-deer possess a triangular-shaped head, arched back, and round body with elevated rear quarters. The thin, short legs which support the mouse-deer are about the diameter of an average pencil. Although Java mouse-deer do not possess antlers or horns like regular deer, male Java mouse-deer have elongated, tusk-like upper canines which protrude downward from the upper jaw along the sides of their mouth. Males use these “tusks” to defend themselves and their mates against rivals. Females can be distinguished from males because they lack these prominent canines, and they are slightly smaller than the males. Java mouse-deer can furthermore be distinguished by their lack of upper incisors. The coat coloration of the Java mouse-deer is reddish-brown with a white underside. Pale white spots or vertical markings are also present on the animal's neck.

With an average length of and an average height of , the Java mouse-deer is the smallest extant (living) ungulate or hoofed mammal, as well as the smallest extant even-toed ungulate. The weight of the Java mouse-deer ranges from , with males being heavier than females. It has an average tail length of about . Mouse-deer are thought to be the most primitive ruminants based on their behaviour and the fossil record, thus they are the living link between ruminants and non-ruminants.

The Java mouse-deer is endothermic and homoeothermic, and has an average basal metabolic rate of about 4.883 watts. It also has the smallest red blood cells (erythrocytes) of any mammal, and about 12.8% of the cells have pits on them. The pits range in diameter from 68 to 390 nanometres. Red blood cells with pits are unique and have not been reported before either physiologically or pathologically.

"Tragulus javanicus" is usually considered to be endemic to Java, Indonesia. There have been unverified reports of sightings on Bali.

The Java mouse-deer prefers habitats of higher elevations and the tropical forest regions of Java, although it does appear at lower elevations between above sea level. During the day, Java mouse-deer can be seen roaming in crown-gap areas with dense undergrowth of creeping bamboo, through which they make tunnels through the thick vegetation which lead to resting places and feeding areas. At night, the Java mouse-deer moves to higher and drier ridge areas. It has been argued that Java mouse-deer are an “edge” species, favoring areas of dense vegetation along riverbanks. Additionally, Java mouse-deer have been found to be more prevalent in logged areas than in the more mature forests, and their densities tended to decrease proportionately as the logged forests matured.

Java mouse-deer are primarily herbivores, although in captivity they have been observed to eat insects as well as foliage. Their diet consists primarily of that which they find on the ground in the dense vegetation they inhabit, and they prefer the plants of the faster-growing gap species over the closed forest understory species, likely due to the increased richness of secondary protective compounds which the gap species provide. They are often classified as folivores, eating primarily leaves, shrubs, shoots, buds, and fungi, in addition to fruits which have fallen from trees. The fruits which Java mouse-deer commonly consume range from , while the seeds range from .

Groups of Java mouse-deer are commonly referred to as “herds,” while females are termed “does,” “hinds,” or “cows.” Males are referred to as either “bucks,” “stags,” or “bulls,” and their young are commonly called “fawns,” or “asses”. 
It was previously believed that Java mouse-deer were nocturnal, but more recent studies have shown that they are neither truly nocturnal nor diurnal, but instead crepuscular, meaning they prefer to be active during the dim light of dawn and dusk. This behavior has been observed in both wild and captive Java mouse-deer. Although Java mouse-deer form monogamous family groups, they are usually shy, solitary animals. They are also usually silent; the only noise they make is a shrill cry when they are frightened. 
Male Java mouse-deer are territorial, marking their territory and their mates with secretions from an intermandibular scent gland under their chin. This territorial marking usually includes urinating or defecating to mark their area. To protect themselves and their mates or to defend their territory, mouse-deer slash rivals with their sharp, protruding canine “tusks.” It has also been observed that, when threatened, the Java mouse-deer will beat its hooves quickly against the ground, reaching speeds of up to 7 beats per second, creating a “drum roll” sound. 
The territories of "Tragulus javanicus" males and females have been observed to overlap considerably, yet individuals of the same sex do not share their territories. When giving birth, however, females tend to establish a new home range. Female Java mouse-deer have an estimated home range of , while males inhabit, on average, . Additionally, male Java mouse-deer, in nature, were observed to travel distances of daily on average, while females average daily.

Java mouse-deer are capable of breeding at any time during the year, and this has been observed during captivity. However, some sources have observed that the breeding season for the Java mouse-deer in nature occurs from November to December. Additionally, female mouse-deer have the potential to be pregnant throughout most of their adult life, and they are capable of conceiving 85–155 minutes after giving birth. The Java mouse-deer's gestation period usually lasts 4.5 months, or 144 days. Typical litters consist of a single fawn, which resembles a miniature adult, although the tusk-like incisors prevalent in males are not visible in the young mouse-deer. The average mass of a newborn fawn is , and these precocial young are capable of standing within 30 minutes after birth. Fawns are capable of eating solid food within two weeks, yet it takes around 12 weeks to completely wean the fawns. On average, it takes the young, both male and female, 167 days (~5 months) to reach sexual maturity. Mouse-deer have been observed to live up to 14 years in captivity, but their lifespan in nature is still an open question.

One of the main predators which the Java mouse-deer face is humans. Through the destruction of their habitat, as well as from hunting and trapping the mouse-deer for food, their pelts, and for pets, humans have considerably reduced the Java mouse-deer population. Mouse-deer are particularly vulnerable to being hunted by humans at night because of their tendency to freeze when illuminated by having a spotlight shone on them. Because of the small size of the Java mouse-deer, dogs are also a common predator for them, as well as crocodiles, big cats, birds of prey, and snakes.

Although research into the diseases and parasites which affect the Java mouse-deer are still nascent, bovine viral diarrhea virus (BVDV 1), a pestivirus of the family flaviviridae has been detected in Java mouse-deer. Mouse-deer acquire this virus through fetal infection during early pregnancy. Once acquired, individuals with BVDV can gain lifelong immune tolerance.

Java mouse-deer is currently categorized as “Data Deficient” on the International Union for Conservation of Nature's Red List. This data deficiency is due to the inconclusiveness regarding the distinct separation of "Tragulus" species, in addition to the lack of information on "Tragulus javanicus". Even comparison of past observed numbers of Java mouse-deer with those presently observed does not greatly aid researchers because of the high likelihood of inaccuracy in past observations. Although listed as “Data Deficient,” it is highly probable that a decline in the numbers of Java mouse-deer is occurring, and upon further investigation of this issue, the Red List status of "Tragulus javanicus" could easily change to “Vulnerable”. Some conservation actions which have been implemented include legally protecting the species, which, although it has been in effect since 1931, makes no significant difference since hunting of Java mouse-deer still occurs. Additionally, some areas of Java which the Java mouse-deer frequents have been protected, yet enforcement of these regulations is still needed. One of the greatest conservation efforts needed is simply more information about the species: a more complete definition of its taxonomy, as well as more information on its habitat and behavior.

Historically, the mouse-deer has featured prominently in Malay and Indonesian folklore, where it is considered a wise creature. This character, Sang Kancil (pronounced “Kahn-cheel”), is a diminutive but wise mouse-deer. Sang Kancil is a tiny and cunning hero who, through his intelligence, is able to prevail over his larger tyrants and foes.

Marjing

Marjing () is a primordial deity in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). He is the God of horses, polo, hockey, sports and war. The guardianship of the north eastern direction is alluded to Marjing and the other directions to Koubru (north west), Thangjing (south west) and Wangbren (south east). According to the legend, he invented the game of polo (Sagol Kangjei) and introduced it as the national game. He and his divine creature, Samadon Ayangba, reside in the top of the Heingang hills.

According to the Leithak Leikharol PuYa, God Marjing (mentioned as ""Maraching"") originated from the intestines of Atiya Sidaba. He was created to control Samadon Ayangba, the divine horse (). The horse was created from the foot of Ashiba (Sanamahi).

God Marjing is one of the five gods who enter into the human body and position themselves as one of the souls. Marjing dwells in the heart of human body. The God is also associated with Sagol Kangjei (Polo), the main sports of the Meitei people. Parratt says ""His main importance in Meitei mythology is that he is credited with the invention of polo, the national game.""

Sagol Kangjei () is originally the game of gods. There are 7 players on each side. They used "Kangdrum" (a ball made from bamboo root). This is what the human beings imitate from them. The first divine polo match was played during the festival of Lai Haraoba.

During the Lai Haraoba festival, a maibi (priestess) performs a ritual in the form of a mime. She holds a mallet in her hand and enacts the game of polo.

Every year, in the top of the Heingang Hills, devotees offer polostick (, ) and bamboo-root-ball () to God Marjing. This is done even when any animal in one's house become sick.

In 1618 AD, during the reign of King Khagemba, a public worship took place at his abode and also at every watery place on the river side. Wild boars, ducks, cocks, hen, pigeons and other creatures were offered to God Marjing. This was recorded in the Cheitharol Kumbaba.



Nayuha Toyoda

Toyoda was born in Kamakura on September 15, 1986. She was promoted to Nippon TV Beleza from youth team in 2003. She retired in June 2011. In 2012, she came back at Speranza FC Osaka-Takatsuki. In October, she moved to Albirex Niigata. From 2013, she played for Bunnys Kyoto SC (2013) and Yokohama FC Seagulls (2014).

On December 18, 2004, when Toyoda was 18 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Chinese Taipei. She was a member of Japan for 2007 World Cup. She played 22 games for Japan until 2010.

Wangpulen

Wangpulen (also, Wangpuren or Wangbaren 
or Wangbren) is the god of water, rain, flood, disease and sickness in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur).
He is the ruler of the underwater world. He is the Lord of the rivers. The guardianship of the south eastern direction is alluded to Wangbren and the other directions to Koupalu (north west), Marjing (north east) and Thangjing (south west). He is one of the Umang Lais.

He has a strong connection with the Anal tribe (Anan tribe) for marrying a lady of the Anal Khullen village. Among the cult centres dedicated to him, the one at Sugnu is the most significant in Meitei pantheon.

In the Wakoklon Heelel Thilel Salai Amailon Pukok Puya, Wangbren is mentioned as ""Khana Chaopa Wangpulen"". According to the text, He is one of the 7 Laipungthous and one of the manifestations of the Supreme God, Ipung Loinapa Apakpa.

Once God Wangbren went to the village of the Anal people, disguising Himself as a human. He fell in love with a beautiful girl, Shagnu. The maiden was also attracted to His good looks. The girl's affair with a stranger angered the community. The young men of the village challenged Wangbren to fight. There were competitions in race, stone throw and archery. If He failed, He would be killed. But He won all the challenges. As He won, He took Shangnu, the maiden away with Him to His divine abode.

Whenever one gets drowned, Wangbren is worshipped according to the traditional rites and rituals. They did so in a belief that there will be no further deaths in water. Whenever unusual flood water currents are seen, especially in rivers, He is worshipped by people to save them from drowning and other mishaps.

If a drowned person's dead body is not found, then a portion of the trunk of palash tree (Butea monosperma) is cremated. It is done in a belief that Wangbren might have kept the corpse at a sacred place.

Wangbren is worshipped by offering fruits, flowers and kabok. The rites and rituals are performed by the maibas. It is to ward off the diseases, illness or sickness caused by the water god. Examples include skin diseases, cold and cough, diarrhoea, etc.

In the planning, 

A sacred shrine dedicated to Wangbren still exists today in the Sugnu village. Annually, the non-Christian Anal villagers give offerings to their priest. The priest took and offer the articles to the God in Sugnu.

Inside the Kangla, the State Government is to renovate and reconstruct the holy altars dedicated to God Wangbren and other deities.

In 2010, a temple dedicated to God Wangbren was constructed at Wangoi, Manipur. The temple building construction costs ₹ 8 lacs INR ($10,000 USD).



Rumi Utsugi

Utsugi was born in Kawasaki on December 5, 1988. She began her professional career at Nippon TV Beleza in 2004. During her time at the club, she won four Nadeshiko League titles and five Empress's Cups. In August 2010, after six years at Beleza, Utsugi departed her home country to sign for French club Montpellier. In June 2016, she moved to NWSL club Seattle Reign FC (later "Reign FC"). She played for the club until 2019.

In 2005, Utsugi was selected by the Japan national team. She played at four World Cups in 2007, 2011, 2015 and 2019. Japan won the champions in 2011 and 2nd place in 2015. She also won the champions at 2014 and 2018 Asian Cup. She played 113 games and scored 6 goals for Japan until 2019.


Maiko Nakaoka

Nakaoka was born in Amagasaki on February 15, 1985. In 1997, she was 12 years old, she debuted in Nadeshiko League at Takarazuka Bunnys. While she was a Honjo Daiichi High School student, she left the league. After graduating from high school, she joined Tasaki Perule FC in 2003. However, the club was disbanded in 2008 due to financial strain. She moved to Speranza FC Takatsuki. In 2012, she moved to Albirex Niigata and retired end of season.

On May 21, 2005, when Nakaoka was 20 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against New Zealand. In 2006, she played at 2006 Asian Cup and 2006 Asian Games. She played 14 games for Japan until 2007.

Saiko Takahashi

Takahashi was born in Osaka Prefecture on April 11, 1976. After graduating from Nishiyama High School, she joined Nikko Securities Dream Ladies in 1995. The club won Nadeshiko League championship for 3 years in a row (1996-1998). However, the club was disbanded in 1998 due to financial strain. She moved to OKI FC Winds in 1999. However the club was disbanded end of 1999 season and she moved to Urawa Reinas FC (later "Urawa Reds") in 2000. She was selected Best Eleven in 2004. She retired end of 2009 season.

On March 29, 2005, when Takahashi was 28 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. She played 2 games for Japan in 2005.

Glengarry Glen Ross (movie)

Glengarry Glen Ross is a 1992 American drama movie. It was adapted under David Mamet from his Pulitzer Prize-winning play by the same name.

The world premiere for the movie was at the 49th Venice Film Festival. There Jack Lemmon received the Volpi Cup for the Best Actor. Al Pacino was nominated for an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor. "Glengarry Glen Ross" was given high marks from critics. It is called a classic movie. 

Against a budget of $12.5 million, the movie only took in $10.7 million.


"Glengarry Glen Ross" has a rating of 95% under Rotten Tomatoes based on 55 reviews. Under Metacritic, the movie has a score of 80 out of 100, meaning "generally favorable reviews". In his review in the "Chicago Sun-Times", Roger Ebert said: "Mamet's dialogue has a kind of logic, a cadence, that allows people to arrive at the ends of sentences we could not possibly have imagined."

Jack Lemmon was voted the Best Actor by the National Board of Review.

Natsumi Hara

Hara was born on August 18, 1988. On March 29, 2005, when she was 16 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. In April, she was selected by the Japan U-17 national team for the AFC U-17 Championship and Japan won the champions.

Battersby's tree frog

Battersby's tree frog ("Dendropsophus battersbyi") is a frog that lives in Venezuela. Scientists have only seen it in Caracas.

Adairsville, Georgia

Adairsville is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is in Bartow County.

Duchesne, Utah

Duchesne is a city in and the county seat of Duchesne County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,588 people live in Duchesne.

Castle Dale, Utah

Castle Dale is a city in and the county seat of Emery County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,492 people live in Castle Dale.

Cedar City, Utah

Cedar City is a city in Iron County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 35,235 people live in Cedar City.

South Jordan, Utah

South Jordan is a city in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 77,487 people live in South Jordan. This is up from 50,418 people at the 2010 census.

Beaver, Utah

Beaver is a city in and the county seat of Beaver County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 3,592 people live in Beaver.

Châteauroux-les-Alpes

Châteauroux-les-Alpes is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Colton, California

Colton is a city in San Bernardino County, California.

Thornton, Illinois

Thornton is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Western Springs, Illinois

Western Springs is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Châteauvieux, Hautes-Alpes

Châteauvieux is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Val Buëch-Méouge

Val Buëch-Méouge is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Ribiers (the seat), Châteauneuf-de-Chabre and Antonaves.

Richwood, Louisiana

Richwood is a suburb of Monroe in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Barringer Crater

The Barringer Crater was the first meteorite crater to be recognised for what it is. It is a young crater, made about 50,000 years ago in Arizona. 

Daniel Barringer (May 25, 1860 – November 30, 1929) was a geologist. He was the first person to prove the existence of an impact crater on the Earth. The site has been renamed the Barringer Crater in his honor, and this is the preferred name used by scientists. 

The crater is a popular tourist attraction. It is privately owned by the Barringer family through the Barringer Crater Company. There is an admission fee charged to see the crater. The Meteor Crater Visitor Center is on the north rim. It displays a fragment of the meteorite.

The crater was made by a a nickel-iron meteorite about 160 feet (50 meters) across. 

Drivers License

"Drivers License" (written in lowercase) is a song by American singer-actress Olivia Rodrigo. It was released on January 8, 2021, by Interscope and Geffen Records. The song has reached number one in several countries, including the US, UK, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.

The song's story is about someone earning their driver's license and visiting their love interest who has feelings for someone else. Canadian Singer Songwriter Michael Bublé performed it with the BBC Orchestra.

La Cluse

La Cluse is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. It is now part of Le Dévoluy.

The D937 road passes through the commune.

The former commune borders the Drôme department.

One Evening After the War

One Evening After the War (French: "Un soir après la guerre", Khmer: "រាត្រីមួយក្រោយសង្គ្រាម") is a 1998 Cambodian French Belgian Swiss drama movie directed by Rithy Panh and starring Peng Phan, Chea Lyda Chan, Narith Roeun, Ratha Keo.


Television City

Television City, which is also named CBS Television City, is a television studio in Los Angeles, California. It was built in 1952 by Charles Luckman and William Pereira. They are architects. The television network, CBS make their television programs here. For example, the game show "The Price is Right", the soap opera "The Bold and the Beautiful", and the situation comedy, "All in the Family" were all made at CBS Television City.

My Wife's Best Friend

My Wife's Best Friend is a 1952 American romantic comedy movie directed by Richard Sale and starring Anne Baxter, Macdonald Carey, Cecil Kellaway, Catherine McLeod. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Château-Ville-Vieille

Château-Ville-Vieille is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Part Time Wife

Part Time Wife is a 1930 American comedy movie directed by Leo McCarey and starring Edmund Lowe, Leila Hyams, Tommy Clifford, Walter McGrail, Louis Payne, Sam Lufkin, Bodil Rosing. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Chorges

Chorges is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Crévoux

Crévoux is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Crots

Crots is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Éourres

Éourres is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

L'Épine, Hautes-Alpes

L'Épine is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department of France.

Étoile-Saint-Cyrice

Étoile-Saint-Cyrice is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Freissinières

Freissinières is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Let's Go Native

Let's Go Native is a 1930 American musical comedy movie directed by Leo McCarey and starring Jack Oakie, Jeanette MacDonald, Kay Frqncis, Charles Sellon, Richard "Skeets" Gallagher, Eugene Pallette, Iris Adrian. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


La Grave

La Grave is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Saltillo

Saltillo is the capital and largest city in the northeastern Mexican state of Coahuila. It is also the municipal seat of the municipality of the same name. In 2015, 807,537 people lived there.

Stephanie Mills (All in the Family)

Stephanie Mills is a character on the American situation comedy "All in the Family" and "Archie Bunker's Place". She is one of the main characters and is in both shows. Stephanie Mills is played by singer Danielle Brisebois. Stephanie is in the last season of "All in the Family" and she lives with Archie Bunker and Edith Bunker because her father and her mother left her. Her mother was Edith's cousin. She is a young girl in the show. Archie is not nice to her but she is also not nice too him. Stephanie is also in "Archie Bunker's Place" and is very close with Archie.

Salto, Uruguay

Salto is the capital city of the Salto Department in Uruguay. In 2011, 104,028 people lived there which makes it the second largest city by population in Uruguay.

Hold Back the Dawn

Hold Back the Dawn is a 1941 American romantic drama movie directed by Mitchell Leisen and was based on the 1940 novel of the same name by Ketti Frings. It stars Charles Boyer, Olivia de Havilland, Paulette Goddard, Victor Francen, Walter Abel, Curt Bois, Eva Puig and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 6 Academy Awards in 1942.

Georges Iscovescu, a Romanian gigolo in a Mexican border town, plans to enter the US by marrying American school teacher Emmy Brown during her brief visit, thus bypassing a lengthy immigration wait. After quickly wooing and marrying her, his genuine feelings for Emmy develop during a trip, but his con is revealed by a jealous former partner, Anita, causing Emmy to leave heartbroken. When Georges learns of Emmy's subsequent car accident due to distress, he risks his visa status to be with her. Chased by Immigration inspector Hammock, Georges tries selling his story for Emmy's medical bills. Ultimately, Hammock allows Georges entry into the US where he reunites with a recovering Emmy.


Come Away

Come Away is a feature film released in 2020. The film is directed by Brenda Chapman. The film is a homage to the stories of "Peter Pan" and "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland". The film was premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 2020. It was hall released in November, 2020 in USA and in December, 2020 in UK.

The film described the main characters from the stories of "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" as siblings and they were seen to try help their parents overcome the grief of death of their son.


The Missing Picture

The Missing Picture () is a 2013 Cambodian French documentary movie directed by Rithy Panh and was based on the Khmer-Rouge genocide. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2014.


Piano Concerto No. 1 (Tchaikovsky)

Tchaikovsky's Piano concerto No. 1 is a piece of music.

Tchaikovsky wrote it in 1874 when he was 34 years old. The first musician to play it, Nikolay Rubinstein, did not like it. The second, Hans von Bülow, did like it.

Little Lord Fauntleroy (1936 movie)

Little Lord Fauntleroy is a 1936 American drama movie directed by John Cromwell and is the third adaption of the 1886 novel of the same name by Frances Hodgson Burnett. It stars Freddie Bartholomew, Dolores Costello, C. Aubrey Smith, Mickey Rooney, Henry Stephenson, Constance Collier, Helen Flint and was distributed by United Artists.


Thangching

Thangching (also, Thangjing) is a primordial deity in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). 
He is the ruling deity of the Moirang dynasty of Ancient Moirang. He rules supreme on the banks of the landlocked sea, Loktak lake. He is one of the four cardinal Umang Lais.
The guardianship of the south western direction is alluded to Thangjing and the other directions to Koubru (north west), Marjing (north east) and Wangbren (south east).

Two of his most prominent pantheons are the Thangching Temple and the Thangching Hill (Thangjing Peak).

God Thangjing is a deity of pre-Hindu origin.
The Moirang Ningthourol Lambuba mentioned that Moirang was the amalgamation of different groups of people with different traditional beliefs. During the reign of King Fang Fang Ponglenhanpa (52 BC- 28 AD), all the diversities were merged into one with God Thangjing as the central figure.

When the cult of God Thangjing was merged into the Umang Laism, the folk deities associated with God Thangjing began to be identified with other Umang Lais. One example is that of goddess Ayang Leima Ahal and goddess Ayang Leima Atonpi. These two goddesses were originally associated with fertility and agriculture. This fact is evident in the ritualistic songs praising them. Later, these two female deities were identified as the consorts of God Thangjing.

When God Thangjing was identified as an Umang Lai, the identity of the two goddesses was associated with that of goddess Panthoibi. Thus, the new identity of Goddess Ayang Leima Panthoibi was formed.

Thangjing is described as the Lord of the tiger hunters. The Moirang Ningthourol Lambuba describes God Thangjing as the Divine Chief of Koireng people, the Progenitor of Kege Clan, the Protector of all the domestic as well as wild animals and the Lord of Mahui tribe.

The history of Moirang is always associated with the godly powers of Thangjing. Thangjing is a living God to the people of Ancient Moirang. The epic legend of the Khamba Thoibi is always related to God Thangjing. The ancient temple dedicated to Thangjing still stands on the banks of Loktak lake in the present day Moirang.
In the legendary epic Khamba Thoibi, Lord Thangjing always stands for righteousness and as a saviour of Khamba.

Thangjing sent Phouoibi to Kege Moirang (Keke Moilang) to prosper the human world.

When goddess Panthoibi was searching for her beloved Nongpok Ningthou, she asked God Thangjing and God Wangbren about the whereabouts of Nongpok Ningthou.
To Thangjing, she said:

O! Thangjing, 
Supreme God of Moirang, 
Loktak is your mirror, 
My beloved Nongpok has gone like a wind, 
Like a cattle looking for its herd, 
I am looking for my beloved. 
Please tell me
Does he come to your country?

Thangjing had been worshipped since ancient times. Still today, there is an ancient shrine at Moirang. An annual ritual festival known as Thangjing Haraoba is held early in summer in honor of the God.
During the annual Thangjing Lai Haraoba festival, traditional dances and sports are performed as rituals. The performers follow the ancient customs of wearing the traditional attires of the royal lords and ladies. The festival is celebrated during the Meitei lunar month of Kalen. It continues for a week. Meiteis from all over Manipur visit the Thangjing Temple in Moirang.

The Thangjing plant ("Euryale ferox") is an aquatic plant that bears edible seeds. Its seeds are called "foxnuts" and are one of the most popular food items in Meitei cuisine of Manipur.

The Thangjing Peak (Thangjing Hill) is one of the four peaks, the others being the Koupalu, the Kounu and the Loyalakpa. These peaks are the holy places of worship of the Meitei ethnicity. Their names are derived from the names of the deities whom the Meiteis worship at the peaks.



Here Comes Mr. Jordan

Here Comes Mr. Jordan is a 1941 American fantasy comedy movie directed by Alexander Hall and was based on the 1938 play "Heaven Can Wait" by Harry Segall. It stars Robert Montgomery, Evelyn Keyes, Claude Rains, Rita Johnson, Edward Everett Horton, James Gleason, Donald MacBride, Lloyd Bridges and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 7 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1942. It was followed up by 1947 movie "Down to Earth" and the 1978 remake "Heaven Can Wait".


Mami Yamaguchi

Yamaguchi previously played for Florida State Seminoles (NCAA), where she won the MAC Hermann Trophy in 2007. She played for Atlanta Beat (WPS) in the United States and Umeå IK, where she won the double, and made it to UEFA Champions Cup Final, and Hammarby in Sweden's Damallsvenskan. She became the first player in Florida State Soccer history to have her jersey retired.

On July 28, 2007, Yamaguchi debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She played 18 games and scored 8 goals for Japan until 2011.

Cité de l'espace

The Cité de l'espace is a museum in Toulouse, France. It is dedicated to space exploration. 

The "Cité de l'espace" offers visitors to discover the Ariane 5 rocket (53 meters high), the Soyuz spacecraft and a earth observation satellite. You can also visit the Mir space station with all its equipment. 

Almost 5 million visitors have visited it in its 20 years of existence. 

Misaki Amano

Amano was born in Gifu Prefecture on April 22, 1985. After graduating from Waseda University, she joined Nadeshiko League club TEPCO Mareeze in 2008. However, the club was disbanded for Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011. In 2012, she moved to new club Vegalta Sendai. She retired end of 2013 season.

Amano was selected Japan national team for 2007 World Cup. However she could not play in the match. 

1956 AFC Asian Cup

The 1956 AFC Asian Cup was held in Hong Kong from September 1, 1956 to September 15, 1956.



Doll Face

Doll Face is a 1945 American romantic musical movie directed by Lewis Seiler and was based on the 1943 play "The Naked Genius" by Gypsy Rose Lee. It stars Vivian Blaine, Dennis O'Keefe, Perry Como, Carmen Miranda, Martha Stewart, Reed Hadley, Robert Mitchum and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Johnny Comes Flying Home

Johnny Comes Flying Home is a 1946 American adventure movie directed by Benjamin Stoloff and starring Richard Crane, Faye Marlowe, Martha Stewart, Charles Russell, Roy Roberts, Henry Morgan, Charles Tannen. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Michi Goto

Goto was born in Suzuka on July 27, 1990. After graduating from Tokiwagi Gakuen High School, she joined Urawa Reds in 2009. The club won the Nadeshiko League championship in 2009 and 2014. She was also selected MVP awards in 2014. She left the club end of 2016 season. She played 140 matches and scored 28 goals in Nadeshiko League. In July 2017, she joined Spanish Primera División club Real Sociedad. In July 2018, she moved to Primera Nacional club Eibar. In July 2019, she moved to Segunda División Pro club Córdoba.

On March 7, 2008, when Goto was 17 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Canada. In November, she was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2008 U-20 World Cup. She was also a member for 2010 U-20 World Cup. In September 2013, she was selected Japan national team again. She played at 2014 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship. She played 7 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2014.

Koupalu

Koupalu (also, Koubaru or Koubru) is a primordial deity in Meitei mythology and religion. He is the Guardian of the North West direction. Legend says he is the founder of civilization in Ancient Manipur, starting from the Mount Koubru, a peak where he abodes, in north-western Manipur.

God Koubru resides in the Mount Koubru (Koubru Hill). The Mount Koubru (Koubru Hill) is the first place of settlement of the Meitei ethnicity, including the Lois of Andro, Khurkhul, Phayeng and Sekmai.

The traditional hymns supplement the theory of origin. 

Awang Koubru Assupa
Leimalai Khunda Ahanba.
Nongthrei Ma-U Lingliba, 
Irik Mapan Thariba, 
Lainingthou! 

English translation of the above passage:

North Koubru all-inclusive (pervasive)
Leima Lai first habitation,
Heaven-flower all things seen established,
Blood drop (Blood cell) planters,
O! Lainingthou (King of Gods)!

This is the hymn of invocation of God Koubru (Koupalu in PuYas).

Lord Koubru is the Omniscient and the Omnipotent Guardian God. He lives on the top of Mount Koubru.
God Koubru, the Heavenly Lord, is said to be the controller of the nine underground wells/tunnels. These are associated with the birth and death of the mankind. The 9 tunnels are sacred to the Meitei people. So, these are still worshipped by the Meiteis.

In the Lai Haraoba festival, a ritualistic folk song dedicated to God Koubru is sung like this:

Awang Koubru Assupa
Eeyen Khunda Ahanba

English translation of the above passage:

Koubru of the North, 
You are the overlord
You are the first place of settlement.

The Meiteis offer a beautiful puppy to God Koubru to free themselves from the sufferings.
The Loi caste of the Meitei ethnicity worship God Koubru on every occasion, including birth, marriage and death. All the Loi villagers excluding Andro are the worshipers of God Koubru.



Flag of Hong Kong

The flag of Hong Kong is a white stylized five-petal Hong Kong orchid tree ("Bauhinia blakeana") flower in the centre of a red field. It was adopted on 1 July 1997.

Guillestre

Guillestre is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

La Haute-Beaume

La Haute-Beaume is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Ribiers

Ribiers is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Val Buëch-Méouge.

Jarjayes

Jarjayes is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Arenys de Mar

Arenys de Mar is a municipality of 15,941 people (2020). It is in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

L'Ametlla del Vallès

L'Ametlla del Vallès is a municipality of 8,646 people (2020). It is in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Hadiza Bala Usman

Hadiza Bala Usman is a Nigerian politician and the current Managing Director of Nigerian Port Authority. She was previously the Chief of staff of Governor Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai of Kaduna state.

Usman holds bachelors degree in business administration from Ahmadu Bello University, and masters degree in development studies from University of Lead.

Usman began her career at Democratic Development and Research in Zaria, then Bereau of Public Enterprises. 

Allande

Allande (Asturian: "Ayande") is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Saint Petersburg State University

St Petersburg University (SPbU, Saint Petersburg State University; Russian: СПбГУ, Санкт-Петербургский государственный университет) is a Russian university in Saint Petersburg. It is the oldest university in Russia. It is also one of the largest universities in the country.
Saint Petersburg State University has many schools. They include science, engineering and humanities.

Saint Petersburg State University has produced a number of famous people. Their names are known in many fields.



Méreuil

Méreuil is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Molines-en-Queyras

Molines-en-Queyras is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Miwa Yonetsu

Yonetsu was born in Osaka Prefecture on December 4, 1979. After graduating from Himeji Gakuin Women's Junior College, she joined her local club Toyotsu Ladies FC in 2000. In 2004, she moved to Nadeshiko League club INAC Leonessa (later "INAC Kobe Leonessa"). She played 129 matches and scored 62 goals for the club. She retired end of 2011 season.

On July 29, 2009, when Yonetsu was 29 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Germany.

Monêtier-Allemont

Monêtier-Allemont is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

The Homestretch

The Homestretch is a 1947 American drama movie directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and starring Cornel Wilde, Maureen O'Hara, Glenn Langan, Helen Walker, James Gleason, Henry Stephenson, Margaret Bannerman. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Hello, Frisco, Hello

Hello, Frisco, Hello is a 1943 American musical comedy movie directed by H. Bruce Humberstone. It stars Alice Faye, John Payne, Jack Oakie, Lynn Bari, Laird Cregar, June Havoc, Ward Bond, Aubrey Mather, John Archer, Frank Orth and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It won 1 Oscar and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1944.


Maiko Nasu

Nasu was born in Nabari on July 31, 1984. She joined her local club Prima Ham FC Kunoichi (later "Iga FC Kunoichi") in 1999. The club won the champions in 1999 season and the 2nd place in 2000 season. In 2007, she moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa. The club won the champions in 2011 season. In 2012, she returned to Iga FC Kunoichi. She retired end of 2016 season.

In August 2002, Nasu was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2002 U-19 World Championship. On August 1, 2009, she debuted for the Japan national team against France. She played 3 games for Japan until 2011.

To the Shores of Tripoli

To the Shores of Tripoli is a 1942 American romantic drama movie directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and starring John Payne, Maureen O'Hara, Randolph Scott, Nancy Kelly, William Tracy, Maxie Rosenbloom, Harry Morgan, Edmund MacDonald. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1943.


Le Monêtier-les-Bains

Le Monêtier-les-Bains is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Montgenèvre

Montgenèvre is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. It is known for its winter ski resort.

Pelvoux

Pelvoux is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Vallouise-Pelvoux.

Vallouise-Pelvoux

Vallouise-Pelvoux is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Pelvoux (the seat) and Vallouise.

Saint-Genis, Hautes-Alpes

Saint-Genis is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Garde-Colombe.

Carme

Carme is a municipality of 785 people (2020). It is in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Manami Nakano

Nakano was born in Hokkaido on August 30, 1986. After graduating from Hokkaido Bunkyo University Meisei High School, she joined Ohara Gakuen JaSRA (later "AC Nagano Parceiro") in 2005. In 2007, she moved to Okayama Yunogo Belle and she played in 8 season. In 2015, she moved to Vegalta Sendai (later "Mynavi Vegalta Sendai"). The club won the 2nd place in 2015 season. In July 2017, she returned to AC Nagano Parceiro. In 2019, she moved to Nojima Stella Kanagawa Sagamihara. In 2021, she moved to Speranza Osaka-Takatsuki.

On January 13, 2010, Nakano debuted for the Japan national team against Denmark. She was a member of Japan for 2010 Asian Games and Japan won the championship. She played 12 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2013.

Yuika Sugasawa

Sugasawa was born in Chiba on October 5, 1990. She joined Albirex Niigata from JFA Academy Fukushima in 2008. In 2013, she moved to her local club JEF United Chiba. She became top scorer in 2014 and 2015. In 2017, she moved to Urawa Reds. She was selected Best Eleven 3 times (2014, 2015 and 2017). She became top scorer in 2020.

On January 13, 2010, Sugasawa debuted for the Japan national team against Denmark. In July, she was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2010 U-20 World Cup and she played 2 matches. She then scored the first goal for Japan senior team in a 2–0 victory over Denmark on March 2, 2012 which won the 2012 Algarve Cup. She was a member of Japan for 2015 World Cup and Japan won the 2nd place. In Asia, she was also a member for 2014 and 2018 Asian Cup. Japan won the championship at both tournaments.


Chiaki Minamiyama

Minamiyama was born in Ichikawa on October 16, 1985. In 2003, she joined Nippon TV Beleza from the youth team and played until 2010. In 2011, she moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa. She left the club end of 2016 season. In June 2017, she joined Korean WK League club Hwacheon KSPO. In 2019, she returned Japan and joined Orca Kamogawa FC.

On May 8, 2010, Minamiyama debuted for the Japan national team against Mexico. She played 4 games and scored 2 goals for Japan in 2010.

Le Poët

Le Poët is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Mazaruni tree frog

The Mazaruni tree frog ("Dendropsophus grandisonae") is a frog that lives in Guyana. Scientists have only seen it in one place. It does not live high in the hills.

Kana Osafune

After graduating from high school, she joined TEPCO Mareeze in 2008. However, the club was disbanded for Fukushima nuclear disaster in March 2011. In June, she moved to Nippon TV Beleza. In 2012, she moved to new club Vegalta Sendai. In 2013, she was selected Best Eleven. In 2015, she moved to Urawa Reds.

In November 2008, Osafune was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2008 U-20 World Cup. On January 13, 2010, she debuted for the Japan national team against Denmark. She was a member of Japan for 2010 Asian Games and Japan won the championship. She played 15 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2015.

Koiren Leima

Koiren Leima or Leinung Yuchakha Chanu or Ayangleima is the name of the consort of Thangjing, the presiding deity of Ancient Moirang, a province in Ancient Manipur. There are two goddesses, Ayangleima Ahal and Ayangleima Atonpi, who are the first and the second wives of the god respectively.
Their accounts are mentioned in the Moirang Ningthourol Lambuba, the royal chronicle of Ancient Moirang.

Prunières, Hautes-Alpes

Prunières is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Decene

Decene is an alkene with a molecular formula <chem>C10H20</chem>. The prefix "Dec" is derived from the fact that there are 10(ten) carbon atoms in the molecule, while the "-ene" suffix denotes that there is an alkene present—two carbon atoms are connected via a double bond. It is the ninth member of the homologous series of alkenes.

Puy-Saint-André

Puy-Saint-André is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Nanase Kiryu

Kiryu was born in Kanagawa Prefecture on October 31, 1989. From 2007, she played for Nippon TV Beleza in Nadeshiko League. During her career with the team, she scored 25 goals in her 94 appearances. In February 2014, she signed with Sky Blue FC in the National Women's Soccer League, where she played for one season before returning to Nippon TV Beleza. In January 2016, Kiryu signed with Chinese Division 2 club Guangdong Haiyin, in the Chinese city of Guangzhou. In 2017, she returned to Japan and joined Okayama Yunogo Belle.

On January 13, 2010, Kiryu debuted for the Japan national team against Denmark. She was a member of Japan for 2014 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship. She played 16 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 2014.

Puy-Saint-Eusèbe

Puy-Saint-Eusèbe is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Natsuko Hara

Hara was born in Ome on March 1, 1989. She was promoted to Nippon TV Beleza from the youth team in 2006. Especially since 2009, she played in many games as a successor of the Japan national team player Homare Sawa moved to United States. She played for the club until 2015. In 10 seasons, she played 149 matches in Nadeshiko League and she was selected Best Eleven in 2015.

In April 2005, when Hara was 16 years old, she was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2005 AFC U-17 Championship. At the tournament, she played as captain and she became top scorer with 12 goals. She
was named "Asian Footballer of the Year". In November 2008, Hara was selected for the Japan U-20 national team for the 2008 U-20 World Cup. On January 13, 2010, she played for the Japan national team for the first time against Denmark. She played two games for Japan in 2010.

Puy-Saint-Pierre

Puy-Saint-Pierre is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Puy-Saint-Vincent

Puy-Saint-Vincent is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Gien

Gien is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Nogent-le-Rotrou

Nogent-le-Rotrou is a commune. It is found in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.

Yuri Kawamura

Kawamura was born in Niigata on May 17, 1989. She played for her local club Albirex Niigata from 2004 to 2012. She moved to JEF United Chiba in 2013 and Vegalta Sendai in 2014. She was selected Best Eleven in 2015 and 2016. In 2017, she returned to Albirex Niigata. In April 2017, she moved to North Carolina Courage. However she could not play many matches for injure. In 2019, she returned to Albirex Niigata again.

On January 13, 2010, Kawamura debuted for the Japan national team against Denmark. She was a member of Japan for 2014 Asian Cup and 2015 World Cup. Japan won the championship at 2014 Asian Cup and 2nd place at 2015 World Cup. She played 32 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2017.


Puy-Sanières

Puy-Sanières is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Sawako Yasumoto

Yasumoto was born in Shizuoka Prefecture on July 6, 1990. She joined TEPCO Mareeze. However, the club was disbanded for Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011. In May, she moved to JEF United Chiba. In 2012, she moved to Vegalta Sendai (later "Mynavi Vegalta Sendai"). She played 141 matches and scored 21 goals until 2020. In 2021, she moved to Suwon UDC WFC.

On May 8, 2010, when Yasumoto was 20 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Mexico. She played 2 games Japan in 2010. She was also a member of the Japan U-20 national team for 2010 U-20 World Cup in July.

Rambaud

Rambaud is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Noceda del Bierzo

Noceda del Bierzo is a municipality in León, Castile and León, Spain. In 2020, 640 people lived there.

Margherita pizza

Margherita pizza or Pizza Margherita is a pizza made with tomatoes, mozzarella, basil, salt, and olive oil. It was created in Naples, Italy in 1889 by Raffaele Esposito. It was created in honor of Queen Margherita of Italy.

Minor League Cricket

Minor League Cricket is a developmental league for Major League Cricket that plans to begin play in May 2021 (delayed from 2020 due to COVID-19). It will consist of 24 franchise-based teams in four regional conferences. Additionally, the league had began its regional draft process in late-August 2020. 

Unlike Major League Cricket, Minor League Cricket will use privately-owned franchises. ACE announced the 24 teams and their owners on August 15, 2020. 

The league held a series franchise exhibition games from the dates of September 12th to October 12th, 2020 in which 14 of the 24 MLC teams would play.

Petre Tsiskarishvili

Petre Tsiskarishvili (; born 27 February 1974) is a Georgian politician. He was Minister of Agriculture of Georgia from 2006 to 2008. 


Simpsoncalifragilisticexpiala(Annoyed Grunt)cious

"Simpsoncalifragilisticexpiala(Annoyed Grunt)cious" is the 13th episode of The Simpsons 8th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on February 7, 1997. The episode is about the Simpson family getting a nanny named Shary Bobbins (a parody of Mary Poppins). 

The episode was written by Al Jean and Mike Reiss. Chuck Sheetz is the director of the episode. It got a Nielsen rating of 8.8. This means that about 8.5 million people saw the episode when it was first broadcast. In 2014, Jean put the episode in his list of the 5 most important episodes of "The Simpsons".

Marge Simpson starts to lose some of her hair very quickly. Dr. Hibbert says that she is losing hair because of her stress. The Simpson family wants to hire a nanny to care for their children and help with their house. They have trouble finding a good nanny. A woman with an umbrella comes from the sky on to the ground. The woman is Sharry Bobbins and makes herself known to the family. They think there are no problems with her and hire her. 

Shary helps with work around the house. Marge's hair starts to come back. At dinner, Shary says that she does not need to help around with the family anymore. When she leaves the house, she sees Homer strangling Bart, Maggie stopping a fire, and Marge losing hair again. Shary must stay to help with the family again.

The family starts to act rude to Shary and does not care for her excitement. Shary starts to feel depressed and cries. Marge says that Shary can not be able to change how the family acts. The family says in a song that they are happy with how they act. Shary thinks that the family is okay and leaves with her umbrella. She is killed when she flies into a jet engine of an airplane. 

Al Jean and Mike Reiss made a deal with Disney to make four episodes of "The Simpsons". Jean and Reiss thought of the episode's story years before it was made. They talked about the idea with other writers but no one wanted to make an episode with the story. When they were able to make episodes again, they wrote the dialogue of the episode. Reiss first did not like the episode. He thought that the story was foolish and had too much magic in it. He now thinks that it is one of the best episodes he wrote. When it was made, the episode had more music than any other episode. Jean thought that the songs would make the episode as long as it needed to be. However, it was still shorter than regular episodes. Many parts of the episode were added to make it longer. For example, an "Itchy & Scratchy" cartoon was put in the episode. There was going to be a song where Bart, Lisa and Shary go to Patty and Selma and sing about smoking. The song was not put in the episode because producers did not think it was funny. The song was put in the album "Go Simpsonic with The Simpsons". Some animation of the song was shown in the 8th season's DVD as a deleted scene. Eric Stefani made the animation for some of the episode's songs.

Julie Andrews was first going to be the voice actor of Shary. Maggie Roswell was made the voice actor after producers heard her speak some of the episode's dialogue. Producers wanted Quentin Tarantino to be the voice actor for a character in the "Itchy & Scratchy" cartoon. He did not want to because he thought the dialogue was rude. Dan Castellaneta was the voice actor for that character in the episode.


Oconto, Wisconsin

Oconto is a city in Oconto County, Wisconsin.

Parowan, Utah

Parowan is a city in and the county seat of Iron County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,996 people live in Parowan.

Réallon

Réallon is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Remollon

Remollon is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Réotier

Réotier is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Bradbury, California

Bradbury is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Big Flats, Wisconsin

Big Flats is a town in Adams County, Wisconsin.

Kanab, Utah

Kanab is a city in and the county seat of Kane County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,683 people live in Kanab.

Fillmore, Utah

Fillmore is a city in and the county seat of Millard County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,592 people live in Fillmore.

Arp, Texas

Arp is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Bercianos del Real Camino

Bercianos del Real Camino is a municipality in León, Castile and León, Spain.

Avinyonet del Penedès

Avinyonet del Penedès is a municipality of 1,697 people (2020). It is in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Nus, Aosta Valley

Nus is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Bleggio Superiore

Bleggio Superiore is a "comune" (municipality) in Trentino in the Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol.

Sanremo

Sanremo is an Italian city. Sanremo is in the Liguria Region. As of 31 December 2019, 54,850 people lived there.

Tazewell, Tennessee

Tazewell is a town in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Claiborne County.

Griswold, Connecticut

Griswold is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Morgan, Utah

Morgan is a city in and the county seat of Morgan County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,071 people live in Morgan.

South Salt Lake, Utah

South Salt Lake is a city in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 26,777 people live in South Salt Lake.

Cottonwood Heights, Utah

Cottonwood Heights is a city in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 33,617 people live in Cottonwood Heights.

Amphora (measure)

Amphora(/ˈæmfərə/; Ancient Greek: ἀμφορεύς, It was part of ancient roman system of measurement mostly used as a capacity's unit for liquids and grains. The term amphora was borrowed from the Greeks who used a ceramic container with pointy bottom to save grain and wine.
An amphora is equal to 48 sextarii which is about 34 litres or 9 gallons in the US customary units and 7.494 gallons in the imperial British system of measurement.

Ribeyret

Ribeyret is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Rochebrune, Hautes-Alpes

Rochebrune is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Dover, Illinois

Dover is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Metcalf, Illinois

Metcalf is a village in Illinois in the United States.

GTV (Philippine TV network)

GTV (Good Television, 
and stylized as Gtv), is a Philippine free-to-air television network owned and operated by the Citynet Network Marketing and Productions Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of GMA Network Inc. It was launched on February 22, 2021, replacing GMA News TV on its flagship station, UHF Channel 27 Metro Manila and its provincial relay stations. It is a sixth overall secondary television brand of GMA Network since its inception in 1995 as Citynet Television. The network produces programmes from studios located at the GMA Network Center, EDSA corner Timog Avenue, Diliman, Quezon City. The network's primary transmitter facility is located at the GMA Tower of Power site, Tandang Sora, Barangay Culiat, Quezon City and it operates Monday - Saturday from 5:30 a.m. to midnight (the following day) and on Sunday from 6:00 a.m. to 12:15 a.m. (the following day), as well as on truncated hours during the Paschal Triduum. However, starting Holy Week 2023, it continues to sign off from Maundy Thursday at 12:10 am to Easter Sunday at 5:30 am.

GTV is seen via regular free-to-air television on Channel 27 in Metro Manila, Cebu and Davao and 24 other regional stations nationwide. Aside from GTV's main analog signal, it is a must-carry channel on all cable and satellite TV providers nationwide. The network is also available as a digital subchannel through GMA's main digital transmitters in Metro Manila, Ilocos Sur, Baguio, Batangas, Naga, Legazpi, Olongapo, Mountain Province, Cebu, Tacloban, Iloilo, Murcia, Negros Occidental, Bacolod, Davao, Cagayan de Oro, Iligan, Bukidnon, Butuan, Cotabato City, General Santos and Zamboanga.

Hipólito Chaiña Contreras

Hipólito Chaiña Contreras (February 3, 1954 – February 22, 2021) was a Peruvian politician and physician. He was born in Puno, Peru. He was a member of the Union for Peru Party. In 2020, he was elected to the Peruvian Congress.

Chaiña Contreras died of COVID-19 at a hospital in Arequipa, Peru on February 22, 2021 at the age of 67.

The Curse of the Cat People

The Curse of the Cat People is a 1944 American fantasy horror movie directed by Robert Wise and Gunther von Fritsch. It stars Simone Simon, Kent Smith, Ann Carter, Jane Randolph, Erford Gage and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was the sequel to the 1942 movie "Cat People".


2020–21 H5N8 outbreak

In 2020 and 2021, an ongoing outbreak of Avian influenza subtype H5N8 has been happening in poultry farms and in wild bird populations in several countries and continents. It has caused the cullings of millions of birds to prevent a pandemic similar to that of the H5N1 outbreak in 2008. 

The first case of human transmission was reported by Russian authorities in February 2021, as several poultry farm workers tested positive for the virus.

Influenza A virus subtype H5N8

H5N8 is a subtype of the Influenza A virus (sometimes called bird flu) and is highly lethal to wild birds and poultry.

H5N8 usually does not make human sick; however, seven people in Russia were found to be infected in 2021.

Dover, New Jersey

Dover is a town in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. Dover is about west of New York City and about west of Newark, New Jersey. As of the 2020 United States Census, the town's population was 18,460.

Arne Haugen Sørensen

Arne Haugen Sørensen (born 27 April 1932) is a Danish painter and illustrator. He is one of Denmark's most productive religious artists, decorating over 25 churches.

In 1975, Haugen Sørensen was awarded the Eckersberg Medal and, in 1984, the Thorvaldsen Medal. He was decorated a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog.


Asako Ideue

Ideue was born in Kagoshima Prefecture on May 5, 1987. After graduating from Nippon Sport Science University, she joined TEPCO Mareeze. However, the club was disbanded following the Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011. In June, she joined Nippon TV Beleza. In 2012, she moved to Vegalta Sendai. She retired at the end of the 2015 season.

On May 11, 2010, Ideue debuted for the Japan national team against Mexico.

Yuiko Konno

Konno was born in Chiba Prefecture on October 10, 1980. She played for her local club JEF United Chiba. She retired end of 2010 season.

On May 11, 2010, when Konno was 29 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Mexico.

Emi Nakajima

Nakajima was born in Yasu on September 27, 1990. After graduating from Yasu High School, she joined INAC Kobe Leonessa in 2009. The club won Nadeshiko League championship for 3 years in a row (2011-2013). She was also selected Best Eleven in 2013 and 2017.

Nakajima was included in Norio Sasaki's the Japan U-20 national team squad for the 2010 U-20 World Cup in Germany. She appeared in all three matches and scoring one goal in a 3–1 win against England, as Japan were eliminated in the group stage. Nakajima received her first cap for the senior team against United States on May 14, 2011. On July 10, 2013, she was called up to the 2013 East Asian Cup in South Korea. She scored her first goal on July 20 in a 2–0 win against China in the first East Asian Cup final round match. In 2014, she played at 2014 Asian Cup and 2014 Asian Games. Japan won the championship at Asian Cup and the 2nd place at Asian Games. In 2018, she played at 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won their second consecutive title. In 2019, she was selected Japan for 2019 World Cup.


Akane Saito

Saito was born in Saitama Prefecture on January 12, 1993. She played for TEPCO Mareeze. However, the club was disbanded for Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011. In April 2011, she moved to her local club Urawa Reds. She moved to AC Nagano Parceiro in 2015. In 2019, she moved to her local another club, Chifure AS Elfen Saitama.

In October 2008, Saito was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2008 U-17 Women's World Cup. In July 2010, she was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2010 U-20 World Cup. In March 2011, she was selected the Japan national team for 2011 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 9, she debuted against Sweden.

Yuki Sakai

Yuki Sakai can mean:

Yuki Sakai (footballer, born 1989)

Sakai was born in Chiba Prefecture on January 10, 1989. After graduating from Keimei Gakuin High School, she joined Tasaki Perule FC in 2007. However, the club was disbanded in 2008 due to financial strain. So, she moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa in 2009. In 2012, she moved to new club Vegalta Sendai (later "Mynavi Vegalta Sendai"). She played 143 matches for the club in 9 seasons. In 2021, she moved to new club Omiya Ardija Ventus.

In November 2008, Sakai was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2008 U-20 World Cup. In March 2011, she was selected the Japan national team for 2011 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 9, she debuted against Sweden.

Mai Kyokawa

Kyokawa was born in Omitama on December 28, 1993. After graduating from Tokiwagi Gakuen High School, she joined INAC Kobe Leonessa in 2012.

In 2010, Kyokawa was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2010 U-17 World Cup. She played 6 games and scored 3 goals. Japan won the 2nd place. In February 2012, when she was 18 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 2012 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on February 29, she debuted against Norway. She played 5 games for Japan until 2015.


Ivane Matchavariani

Ivane Matchavariani (born 11 February 1974) is a Georgian politician. He is a Minister of Finance in the Cabinet of Georgia since July 2018.

Quantum number

The set of numbers used to describe the position and energy of the electron in an atom are called quantum numbers. The tally of quantum numbers varies from system to system and has no universal answer.

Four quantum numbers can describe an electron in an atom completely:


Yumi Uetsuji

Uetsuji was born in Suita on November 30, 1987. She played for her local club Speranza FC Takatsuki from 2003 to 2004. In 2006, she joined TEPCO Mareeze. However, the club was disbanded for Fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011. In May, she moved to Albirex Niigata. In 2012, she moved to new club Vegalta Sendai. In 2015, she moved to Nippon TV Beleza. She played as regular player from 2015. However her opportunity to play decreased in 2018. In 2019, she moved to Chifure AS Elfen Saitama. In 2021, she moved to Omiya Ardija Ventus.

On April 5, 2012, Uetsuji debuted for the Japan national team against Brazil. She played 4 games for Japan until 2015.


Mina Tanaka

Tanaka was born in Thailand on April 28, 1994. In 2011, she was promoted to Nippon TV Beleza from the youth team. The club won the champions for 5 years in a row (2015-2019). She also became a top scorer for 4 years in a row (2016-2019). In 2020, she moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa. In 2021, she moved to German Bundesliga club Bayer Leverkusen.

Tanaka was part of the Japan U-17 national team that finished in 2nd place at the 2010 U-17 World Cup and of the U-20 team that finished in 3rd place at the 2012 U-20 World Cup. In February 2013, she received her first the senior team call-up. On March 8, she made her debut for Japan and scored her first goal in a 2–1 loss to Germany in the 2013 Algarve Cup. In 2018, she played at 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship.


Yoko Tanaka

Tanaka was born in Yamaguchi on July 30, 1993. After graduating from JFA Academy Fukushima, she joined INAC Kobe Leonessa in 2012. In 2014, she moved to Nojima Stella Kanagawa Sagamihara. In July 2019, she moved to Sporting Huelva.

Tanaka was a member of the Japan U-17 national team for 2008 and 2010 U-17 World Cup. At 2010, she played 6 games and 4 goals, and U-17 Japan team won the 2nd place. She was also a member of the U-20 team for 2012 U-20 World Cup in Japan. She played 6 games and 6 goals. She was selected Silver Shoe awards and Japan won the 3rd place. In March 2013, she was selected the Japan national team for 2013 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 6, she debuted against Norway. She played 4 games for Japan in 2013.

Marumi Yamazaki

Yamazaki was born in Saitama Prefecture on June 9, 1990. When she was high school student, she played for her local club AS Elfen Sayama FC. After graduating from high school, she joined Albirex Niigata in 2009. She played 101 matches and scored 34 goals for the club. In June 2016, she moved to AC Nagano Parceiro. In 2018, she moved to JEF United Chiba. In 2021, she moved to her local club Omiya Ardija Ventus.

In March 2013, Yamazaki was selected the Japan national team for 2013 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 6, she debuted against Norway. She played 4 games for Japan in 2013.

Caltanissetta

Caltanissetta is an Italian city in the Sicily Region. Caltanissetta is the capital of the Province of Caltanissetta. In 2017, it has 62,797 people.

Yuka Kado

Kado was born. in Kurashiki on June 19, 1990. In 2004, she joined her local club Okayama Yunogo Belle. She played 200 matches and scored 37 goals for the club. In June 2017, she left the club for injury. In 14 season, she played 200 matches and scored 37 goals. In 2018, she joined Bunnys Kyoto SC. In 2021, she moved to her another local club Kibi International University Charme Okayama Takahashi.

Kado was a member of the Japan U-20 national team for 2008 and 2010 U-20 World Cup. In March 2013, she was selected the Japan national team for 2013 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 6, she debuted against Norway. She played 3 games for Japan in 2013.

Geographical indication

A geographical indication associates a product with a certain geographical area. The buyer of the product will then know that the product is from the area indicated. These indications are most common for agricultural products, mostly food. They can also be found for industrial products. In theory, they could also apply to services. In the European Union, and probably elsewhere, a protected designation of origin also means that the product has been produced according to certain rules, and that certain standards are met.

Shiho Ogawa

Ogawa was born in Kashima on December 26, 1988. After graduating from high school, she joined JEF United Chiba in 2007. In 2010, she moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa. In 2012, she returned to JEF United Chiba. In 2014, she moved to Iga FC Kunoichi (later "Iga FC Kunoichi Mie").

In March 2013, Ogawa was selected the Japan national team for 2013 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 6, she debuted against Norway. She played 3 games for Japan in 2013.

Mario Hoops 3-on-3

Mario Slam Basketball (Mario Hoops: 3-On-3 in America and Mario Basket 3-On-3 in Japan) is a sports video game developed by Square Enix and published by Nintendo, released for the Nintendo DS in 2006. (2007 in European countries.) As Square developed the game, Several Final Fantasy characters are playable alongside Mario characters. The gameplay is based around three versus three basketball matches, with items, similar to the ones in Mario Kart. Alongside regular matches, there is a tournament mode where multiple matches are played one after another, with rewards such as new characters, balls, and costumes. The game was rereleased for the Wii U in 2016.

Mari Kawamura

Kawamura was born in Fukuoka Prefecture on December 19, 1988. She joined Nadeshiko League Division 2 club Fukuoka J. Anclas in 2006. She played 77 games and scored 90 goals in Division 2 until 2009. In 2010, the club was promoted to Division 1. In April 2013, she moved to JEF United Chiba. She retired end of 2015 season. In 2018, she came back as player at Fukuoka J. Anclas.

In November 2008, Kawamura was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2008 U-20 World Cup. In March 2013, she was selected the Japan national team for 2013 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 6, she debuted against Norway. She played 2 games for Japan in 2013.

Fubuki Kuno

Kuno was born in Fujisawa on December 27, 1989. After graduating from Musashigaoka College, she joined INAC Kobe Leonessa in 2010. She moved to Iga FC Kunoichi in 2012. She plays 70 matches in Nadeshiko League. In 2018, she moved to Nojima Stella Kanagawa Sagamihara.

In March 2013, Kuno was selected the Japan national team for 2013 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 6, she debuted against Norway.

Kana Kitahara

Kitahara was born in Fujieda on December 17, 1988. After graduating from Kanto Gakuen University, she joined Albirex Niigata in 2011. She played 93 games in Nadeshiko League. In 2016, she moved to Mynavi Vegalta Sendai (later "Mynavi Sendai").

On September 22, 2013, Kitahara debuted for the Japan national team against Nigeria. In 2014, she played at 2014 Asian Games and Japan won 2nd place. She was also a member for 2015 World Cup which Japan won 2nd place. She played 9 games for Japan until 2015.


Shiori Miyake

Miyake was born in Sapporo on October 13, 1995. After playing JFA Academy Fukushima, she joined INAC Kobe Leonessa in 2013.

In 2011, Miyake was part of the Japan U-16 team that won the 2011 AFC U-16 Championship. In 2012, she represented the Japan U-17 team at the 2012 U-17 World Cup. On September 11, 2013, she received her first the senior team call-up. On September 22, she made her debut in a 2–0 win over Nigeria. In 2018, she played at 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship. In 2019, she was selected Japan for 2019 World Cup.


Saori Arimachi

Arimachi was born in Sakai on July 12, 1988. After graduating from Fukui University of Technology Fukui High School, she joined Ohara Gakuen JaSRA in 2007. In 2008, she moved to Okayama Yunogo Belle. She played 132 matches and scored 32 goals for the club. In 2015, she moved to Vegalta Sendai (later "Mynavi Vegalta Sendai"). She retired end of 2020 season.

In November 2008, Arimachi was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2008 U-20 World Cup. On September 22, 2013, she first played for the Japan national team against Nigeria. She played 6 games for Japan until 2016.


Benevento

Benevento is an Italian city in Campania. Benevento is the capital of the Province of Benevento. In 2020, it has about 58,000 people.

Canelli

Canelli is a "comune" in the Province of Asti in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Ryoko Takara

Takara was born in Naha on April 9, 1990. After graduating from Kamimura Gakuen High School, she joined INAC Kobe Leonessa from 2009. She moved to Vegalta Sendai. In 2017, she moved to Norwegian Toppserien club LSK Kvinner. She retired end of 2017 season.

On September 22, 2013, Takara debuted for the Japan national team against Nigeria. She played 3 games for Japan until 2015.


Windows Mobile 6.0

Windows Mobile 6.0 is a fifth released for Windows Mobile and produced by Microsoft, It was released on February 12, 2007 at the World 3GSM in 2007. It has been codenamed <nowiki>"Crossbow"</nowiki> The release started on January 12, 2004.

In November 2003, Microsoft starting the released for developer Windows Mobile Longhorn was the news codenamed is <nowiki>"Crossbow"</nowiki> coming on January 2004, at the Mobile World Congress on November 20, 2003, where the mistaken for Windows Mobile Longhorn, in December 17, 2003, the Windows CE 5.1 Tablet has been available for Microsoft, based for Windows Mobile Longhorn Beta.

In January 12, 2004, the codenamed <nowiki>"Crossbow"</nowiki> has been released for officially, the Windows Mobile Longhorn can starting history on January 15, 2004, in the milestone 1 for Windows Mobile Longhorn development, in January 21, 2004, Windows Mobile Longhorn can be leaked on Internet.

In February 2004, Windows Mobile Longhorn build 4002 is the officially for Microsoft can be released, leaked on BetaWiki on January 29, 2019. In March 13, 2004, the officially released for Windows Mobile Longhorn Beta 2 has been available for Microsoft Corporation.

In April 19, 2004, Windows Mobile Longhorn build 4074 is available leaked on BetaArchives on February 20, 2018. Windows Mobile Longhorn build 4093 can be released on June 15, 2004, based for Windows Longhorn build 4093 and 5000. In January 2006, Microsoft released Pre-RTM for Windows Mobile Longhorn, can renamed for Windows Mobile Longhorn to Windows Mobile 6.0 on January 20, 2006. In January 30, 2006, Windows Mobile 6.0 can launch for 5 device in LG, Samsung, HTC Vouge and Vodafone, at the Mobile World Congress 2006. In March 2006, Windows Mobile 6.0 by Microsoft can be released by schedule on February 12, 2007. In May 16, 2006, Windows Mobile Longhorn is mainstream support for sale and extended support as for on May 29, 2006. Windows Mobile 6.0 can be released on February 12, 2007, in January 3, 2007, the officiall Pre-RTM for Windows Mobile 6.0 can reach renamed is RTM version for Windows Mobile 6.0 officially.

Windows Mobile 6.0 can succesor for the desktop Windows CE 6.1 and 6.2, released from Microsoft on April 12, 2007 at the Mobile World Congress on 2007, the first mobile device can released next version for Windows Mobile 6.1, released on 2008, in Windows Mobile 6.0 family, Windows CE 6.2 can be use for enterprise, family, business and more, not the student and teacher, Windows CE 6.2 can reach released on April 12, 2007, in the next of Windows CE 6.1, in the next Windows logo below sticker inside Windows Mobile 6.0, look like the Windows Mobile 5.0, can released for Windows CE Tablet PC Congress on June 16, 2008. Can launch for Windows Mobile 6.0 and Windows Mobile 6.1, Windows CE Tablet PC Congress was released taken on May 15, 2008 in Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer, in July 2008, Windows CE Tablet PC Congress was available for different language : Japanese, Chinese, Indian, Turkey, Arabian and English. Windows Mobile 6.0 can succesor from the Windows CE Tablet PC Congress developed for Windows Mobile 6.1 was developer until January 7, 2009. In Windows Mobile 6.0 features, the main for theme in the blue light colored, the Windows Start can like for Windows Mobile 6.0, about the succesor for operating system Windows Vista Business. In next features, can be the smillar icon for sounds and record.

Windows Mobile 6.0 was released extended awards on January 14, 2009, available from United States and United Kingdom on January 25, 2009, in the state for Bill Gates say : <nowiki>"</nowiki>We never say for Windows Tablet PC again<nowiki>"</nowiki>, succesor for Windows Vista Business edition.

In February 28, 2009, Windows Mobile 6.0 was available for 110% awards, in September 2009 has been an 185% awards, the succeded for Windows Mobile 6.1 has been mainstream support for Service Update 1 has been ended on January 14, 2010.


Pozzuoli

Pozzuoli is an Italian city. Pozzuoli is in the Campania Region. It has about 80,000 people.

Saki Ueno

Ueno was born in Matsudo on November 20, 1994. In 2013, she joined JEF United Chiba from Urawa Reds youth team. She won the Best Young Player award in the 2013 season. She played 132 matches until 2019. In 2020, she moved to Urawa Reds.

On September 26, 2013, when Ueno was 18 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Nigeria.

La Roche-des-Arnauds

La Roche-des-Arnauds is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Atingkok

"Atingkok" () (literally, ""father void"") is the Supreme Creator God of the universe in Meitei mythology and religion.
He is regarded as the legendary male ancestor of the living beings on the earth.



Shiyan

Shiyan () is a prefecture-level city in Hubei Province, China. In 2010, 3,340,841 people lived there.

Rie Azami

Azami was born in Higashimurayama on January 11, 1989. After graduating from Saitama Heisei High School, she joined AS Elfen Sayama FC (later "Chifure AS Elfen Saitama") in 2007. She played 256 matches and scored 91 goals for the club. She retired end of 2020 season.

On September 26, 2013, Azami debuted for the Japan national team against Nigeria. She played 2 games for Japan until 2015.


Rousset, Hautes-Alpes

Rousset is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Draper, Utah

Draper is a city in Salt Lake and Utah counties in the U.S. state of Utah. As of the 2020 census, 51,017 people live in Draper.

Hikari Nakade

Nakade was born in Mie Prefecture on December 6, 1988. After graduating from Kibi International University, she played for her local club Iga FC Kunoichi.

In November 2008, Nakade was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2008 U-20 World Cup. On September 26, 2013, she debuted for the Japan national team against Nigeria.

Saint-André-d'Embrun

Saint-André-d'Embrun is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Chinatsu Kira

Kira was born in Usuki on July 5, 1991. After graduating from Kamimura Gakuen High School, she joined for Urawa Reds in 2010. She was selected Best Young Player awards in 2011 season. She played for the club 157 matches and scored 52 goals. She left the club end of 2019 season. In December 2020, she signed with Melbourne City.

In August 2008, Kira was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2008 U-17 World Cup. She played 3 games and scored 4 goals. On May 8, 2014, she debuted for the Japan national team against New Zealand. She was a member of Japan for 2014 Asian Cup and 2014 Asian Games. Japan won the championship at Asian Cup and the 2nd place at Asian Games. She played 12 games and scored 5 goals for Japan in 2014.

Rika Masuya

Masuya was born in Matsushige, Tokushima on September 14, 1995. After graduating from JFA Academy Fukushima, she joined INAC Kobe Leonessa in 2014. She played 133 matches and scored 27 goals for the club. In 2021, she moved to new club Sanfrecce Hiroshima Regina.

In September 2012, Masuya was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2012 U-17 World Cup. On September 13, 2014, when she was 18 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Ghana. She played for Japan at 2014 Asian Games. She played 6 games and scored 2 goals. Japan won the 2nd place. In 2018, she played at 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship. She played 27 games and scored 6 goals for Japan until 2018.


Cryotherapy chamber

Cryotherapy chamber is an individual, tube-shaped device to provide cryotherapy for human body. This is a type of low-temperature treatment used to reduce inflammation and painful effects.

In the late 1970s the cryotherapy chamber was developed by Japanese scientist Toshima Yamaguchi.

In the 1980s and 1990s it was introduced to Europe and USA.

As of 2022, the main producers according to MarketWatch research are:


Cryotherapy may reduce pain, help with mental disorders, support exercise recovery performance and improves joint function. Cryotherapy chambers are a part of sports rehabilitation and wellness. Among main uses are:


Hikaru Naomoto

Naomoto was born in Ogori on March 3, 1994. In 2007, she joined her local club Fukuoka J. Anclas. After graduating from high school, she joined Urawa Reds in 2012. She was selected Best Eleven in 2014 season. In June 2018, she moved to German Bundesliga club Freiburg. In 2020, she returned to Urawa Reds. 

Naomoto played for the Japan U-17 national team at 2010 U-17 World Cup Japan won the 2nd place and the U-20 team at 2012 U-20 World Cup Japan won the 3rd place. On May 8, 2014, she debuted for the Japan national team against New Zealand. She was a member of Japan for 2014 Asian Cup and 2014 Asian Games. Japan won the championship at Asian Cup and the 2nd place at Asian Games. In 2018, she played at 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won their second consecutive title. She played 20 games for Japan until 2019.


Rie Usui

Usui was born in Tokyo Metropolis on December 28, 1989. After graduating from Waseda University, she retired from playing career. However, after 1 year blank, she restarted playing career at Sfida Setagaya FC in 2013. She moved to Urawa Reds in 2014. She played 44 matches in 3 seasons. In 2017, she moved to Nojima Stella Kanagawa Sagamihara. She retired end of 2018 season.

On September 13, 2014, Usui debuted for the Japan national team against Ghana. She played for Japan at 2014 Asian Games and Japan won the 2nd place. She played 6 games for Japan in 2014.

Hisui Haza

Haza was born in Nishinomiya on March 16, 1996. After graduating from Nippon Sport Science University, she joined her local club INAC Kobe Leonessa in 2018. She played 10 matches for the club. In August 2019, she moved to Spanish club AEM Lleida.

On September 13, 2014, when Haza was 18 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against Ghana. She was a member of Japan for 2014 Asian Games. She played 3 games and Japan won the 2nd place. She played 4 games for Japan in 2014. In November 2016, she was selected for the Japan U-20 national team for the 2016 U-20 World Cup and Japan won the 3rd place.

Ruka Norimatsu

Norimatsu was born in Ageo on January 30, 1996. After graduating from JFA Academy Fukushima, she joined her local club Urawa Reds in 2014. She was selected Best Young Player awards and Best Eleven in 2014 season. She played 73 matches until 2020. In 2021, she moved to Saitama's cross town rivals, Omiya Ardija Ventus.

In September 2012, Norimatsu was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2012 U-17 World Cup. On May 8, 2014, when Norimatsu was 18 years old, she debuted for the Japan national team against New Zealand. She played for Japan at 2014 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship. In 2016, she played as captain for the U-20 team at 2016 U-20 World Cup and Japan won the 3rd place.

Yuria Obara

Obara was born in Towada on September 4, 1990. After graduating from Tokiwagi Gakuen High School, she joined Albirex Niigata in 2009. She played 146 matches for the club in 10 seasons. In 2019, she moved to NHK Spring Yokohama FC Seagulls.

In July 2010, Obara was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2010 U-20 World Cup. In May 2014, she was selected the Japan national team for 2014 Asian Cup. At this competition, on May 18, she debuted against Jordan. Japan won the championship.

Shiho Kohata

Kohata was born in Hiroshima Prefecture on November 12, 1989. After graduating from Waseda University, she joined Urawa Reds in 2012. She was selected Best Young Player awards in 2012 season. She was also selected Best Eleven in 2014 season. She played 124 matches for the club in Nadeshiko League until 2018 season. She left the club end of 2018 season. In February 2019, she joined AS Harima Albion. She Retired end of 2020 season.

In May 2014, Kohata was selected the Japan national team for 2014 Asian Cup. At this competition, on May 18, she debuted against Jordan. Japan won the championship. She played 2 games for Japan until 2015.


Ami Sugita

Sugita was born in Zama on March 14, 1992. After graduating from Kibi International University, she joined Iga FC Kunoichi (later "Iga FC Kunoichi Mie") in 2014.

In May 2014, Sugita was selected the Japan national team for 2014 Asian Cup. At this competition, on May 18, she debuted against Jordan. Japan won the championship. She played 6 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2017.


Upper Amazon tree frog

The upper Amazon tree frog ("Dendropsophus bifurcus") is a frog that lives in the upper Amazon basin. This is in parts of Ecuador, Colombia, Peru, Brazil and Bolivia.

The adult male frog is 23 to 28 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 29 to 35 mm long. This frog is brown in color with white or orange stripes around its head and front legs.

These frogs live on the edges of forests but not in primary forest. They are good at living in places that human beings have changed.

The males sing for the females after it rains. The eggs are dark in color.

In Spanish, this frog is called "ranita payaso pequeña", or "small clown frog."

Àger

Àger is a municipality in the province of Lleida in Catalonia, Spain.

Aller, Asturias

Aller () is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

List of programs produced by ABC Signature

List of programs currently and formerly produced by ABC Signature, which previously used the name Touchstone Television and ABC Studios.

February 13–17, 2021 North American winter storm

The February 13–17, 2021 North American winter storm, also called Winter Storm Uri, was a major winter and ice storm that impacted the United States, Northern Mexico, and parts of Canada from February 13 to 17, 2021. The storm started out in the Pacific Northwest and quickly moved into the Southern United States, before moving on to the Midwestern and Northeastern United States a couple of days later.

The storm caused over 170 million Americans being placed under winter alerts across the country and caused blackouts for over 9.9 million people in the U.S. and Mexico, most notably in Texas. The blackouts were the largest in the U.S. since the Northeast blackout of 2003. 

The storm also brought dangerous severe weather to Southeastern United States, including several tornadoes. On February 16, there were at least 20 direct deaths and 13 indirect deaths caused by the storm; by February 19, the death toll had risen to at least 70, including 58 people in the United States and 12 people in Mexico.

Louise Lasser

Louise Marie Lasser (born April 11, 1939) is an American actress, television writer, and performing arts teacher. She is known for her role in "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman." 

She was married to Woody Allen and appeared in some of his early movies. She is also a life member of The Actors Studio.

Amieva

Amieva is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Ahmed Zaki Yamani

Ahmed Zaki Yamani (; 30 June 1930 – 23 February 2021) was a Saudi Arabian politician. He was Minister of Oil and Mineral Resources from 1962 to 1986.

He died on 23 February 2021 in London, aged 90.

Fausto Gresini

Fausto Gresini (23 January 1961 – 23 February 2021) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle racer. He was World Champion in 1985 and 1987. He was in his later years team manager for the Aprilia Racing Team Gresini MotoGP team. He was born in Imola, Italy.

Gresini died on 23 February 2021 in Bologna, Italy from problems caused by COVID-19 at the age of 60.

Jean Grenet

Jean Grenet (12 July 1939 – 23 February 2021) was a French politician. He was a member of the National Assembly of France from 1993 to 1997 and again from 1992 to 2012. He represented the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department. Grenet was a member of the Radical Party. From 1995 to 2014, he was Mayor of Bayonne, Pyrénées-Atlantiques. He was born in Bayonne.

Grenet died on 23 February 2021 in Bayonne, aged 81.

Mohanbhai Sanjibhai Delkar

Mohan Sanjibhai Delkar (19 December 1962 – 22 February 2021) was an Indian politician. He was elected seven times as a member of Lok Sabha (parliament) from Dadra and Nagar Haveli from 1989 to 2009 and from 2019 until his death. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. Delkar was born in Silvassa, Dadra and Nagar Haveli.

Delkar died on 22 February 2021 in Mumbai, Maharashtra at the age of 58. The cause of death was suicide.


Aleksander Doba

Aleksander Doba (9 September 1946 – 22 February 2021) was a Polish kayaker and mountain climber. He was known for his long voyages crossing oceans. In 2010 and again in 2013 he kayaked across the Atlantic Ocean. The two voyages were the longest open-water kayak voyages ever made. He was named 2014 Adventurer of the Year by National Geographic. 

In 2017 he completed an eastward kayaking trip across the Atlantic.

Doba died while climbing Kilimanjaro on 22 February 2021 from asphyxiation, aged 74.

Laurindo Guizzardi

Laurindo Guizzardi (July 7, 1934 – February 22, 2021) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate.

He was ordained to the priesthood in 1959. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bagé from 1982 to 2001 and was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Foz do Iguaçu from 2001 to 2010. He was born in Nova Bassano, Rio Grande do Sul.

Guizzardi died on February 22, 2021 in Foz do Iguaçu, Paraná at the age of 86.

Yekaterina Gradova

Yekaterina Georgievna Gradova (; 6 October 1946 – 22 February 2021) was a Russian actress. She appeared in two Soviet blockbuster movies "Seventeen Moments of Spring" and "The Meeting Place Cannot Be Changed". Her career lasted from 1969 to 1992. Gradova was born in Moscow.

Gradova died on 22 February 2021 in Moscow from problems caused by a stroke, aged 74.

Benno Ndulu

Benno Ndulu (23 January 1950 – 22 February 2021) was a Tanzanian banker and an academic professor. He was the governor of the Bank of Tanzania, the country's central bank, from 2008 to 2018. He was nominated by President Jakaya Kikwete. 

Ndulu died on 22 February 2021 from COVID-19, aged 71.

Daviz Simango

Daviz Mbepo Simango (7 February 1964 – 22 February 2021) was a Mozambican politician and environmentalist. He was Mayor of Beira from 2003 until his death. He was also the President of the Democratic Movement of Mozambique (MDM). Simango was born in Tanganyika.

Simango died on 22 February 2021, fifteen days after his 57th birthday at a South African hospital.

André Dufraisse

André Dufraisse (30 June 1926 – 21 February 2021) was a French cyclo-cross racer from 1950 to 1964. He was born in Razès, France. Dufraisse won the World Cyclo-cross Championships five times from 1954 to 1958, and was cyclo-cross champion of France seven times between 1955 and 1963. 

Dufraisse died on 21 February 2021, aged 94.

Katie Hurley

Olga Katherine Torkelsen Hurley (March 30, 1921 – February 21, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. She was born in Juneau, Alaska. Hurley was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 1985 to 1987. She was the first woman elected to a statewide office in Alaska.

Hurley died on February 21, 2021 in Portland, Oregon at the age of 99.

Jan Lityński

Jan Lityński (18 January 1946 – 21 February 2021) was a Polish politician, journalist, and opposition activist. He was a member of the Sejm between 1989 and 2001.

Lityński died on 21 February 2021 in Warsaw, aged 74.

Radamés Salazar Solorio

Radamés Salazar Solorio (8 March 1974 – 21 February 2021) was a Mexican politician. He was a Senator from 2018 until his death. He was born in Jiutepec, Morelos. Salazar Solorio was a member of the National Regeneration Movement.

Salazar Solorio died from COVID-19 in Mexico City during the COVID-19 pandemic in Mexico on 21 February 2021, fifteen days before his 47th birthday.

Zlatko Saračević

Zlatan "Zlatko" Saračević (5 July 1961 – 21 February 2021) was a Croatian professional handball player and coach. He competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia and in the 1996 Summer Olympics for Croatia.

After the domestic league match between RK Podravka, of which he was coach, and RK Lokomotiva. He was a commentator on RTL Televizija together with Filip Brkić.

Saračević died of cardiac arrest in Koprivnica on 21 February 2021, aged 59.

Sergiu Natra

Sergiu Natra (12 April 1924 – 23 February 2021) was an Israeli composer. He was known for his compositions for the harp, including ""Music for Violin and Harp"", ""Sonatina for Harp"", "Prayer "for Harp"", ""Divertimento for Harp flute and Strings orchestra"", ""Music for Nicanor"", ""Commentaires Sentimentaux"", ""Ode To The Harp"" and "Trio in One Movement no. 3".


Juan Carlos Masnik

Juan Carlos Masnik (2 March 1943 – 23 February 2021) was an Uruguayan football player and manager. He represented his country at the 1974 FIFA World Cup in Germany. He played for the national team from 1967 to 1974 making 33 appearances. Masnik was born in Soriano, Uruguay.

Masnik died on 23 February 2021 in Montevideo, aged 77.

Peter J. Barnes III

Peter J. Barnes III (April 26, 1956 – February 22, 2021) was an American Democratic Party politician. He was born in San Francisco, California. He was a member of the New Jersey General Assembly from 2007 to 2014. He later became a State Senator in 2014. In 2016, Governor Chris Christie nominated him to be a member of the New Jersey Superior Court.

Barnes III died on February 22, 2021 in New Brunswick, New Jersey at the age of 64.

Isle, Minnesota

Isle is a city in Mille Lacs County, Minnesota, United States. 803 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Saint-André-de-Rosans

Saint-André-de-Rosans is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Saint-Apollinaire, Hautes-Alpes

Saint-Apollinaire is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Saint-Auban-d'Oze

Saint-Auban-d'Oze is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Belmonte de Miranda

Belmonte de Miranda () is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Mahmoud Refaat

Mahmoud Refaat (; born April 25, 1978) is an expert in international law, foreign policy advisor (president of European Institute for International Law and International Relations) and writer (a member of the British Association of Journalists – BAJ and the American National Writers Union – NWR in New York) and chairman of the International Gazette daily newspaper based in London, United Kingdom.

He is a French-Belgian citizen of Egyptian origin residing between France, Belgium, and the United Kingdom.

Mahmoud Refaat led the presidential campaign of former Egyptian army chief of staff Lieutenant General Sami Anan from abroad and played a role in covering all the international media news of the arrest of General Sami Anan, which he explained in several televised meetings that he did so for fear of assassination of Lieutenant General Sami Anan. He then played a role again by questioning international circles in the presidential elections won by Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi in the second round in March 2018, and sparked an international outcry two months later, accusing the Egyptian regime of El-Sisi of trying to assassinate General Sami Anan after the sudden health collapse, that hit him in his prison in summer 2018.

Mahmoud Refaat and former Libyan Prime Minister Omar al-Hassi founded The International action group for peace in Libya and he took over the position of General Coordinator, which was launched from the Tunisian capital at a press conference on 12 May 2018 in the presence of a number of the European Parliament and received extensive media coverage.

He also played a role in the Yemeni affairs at the international level to urge the international community to ensure the delivery of food and medical aids to civilians, especially those trapped and victims of the Saudi-Emirati bombing and announced that President Abd Rabbu Mansour Hadi must be brought to the International Criminal Court.

The International action group for peace in Libya was founded in May 2018 by the former prime minister of Libya, Mr Omar al-Hassi and Dr. Mahmoud Refaat with numerous international personalities from Europe and the international community.
Mr Omar al-Hassi is the president and Mahmoud Refaat is the general coordinator of the International action group for peace in Libya.

The International Peace Action Group in Libya was founded by Mr. Omar al-Hassi and Mahmoud Refaat through the Middle East and Mediterranean peace Research Institute(MEMPRI) with objectives of helping civilians to avoid results of the War in Libya and also to communicate with the International Community to find the exit of the Civil war led by Haftar and supported by Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates.

In March 2019, Mahmoud Refaat created The Humanitarian Action Group for Yemen through the European Institute for International Law and International Relations intending to ensure food and medical equipment to civilians in Yemen who are surrounded by the coalition of Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates also to work close to the International Community to put an end to the war in Yemen and sue the actors of Yemeni war.

The Humanitarian Action Group for Yemen has been urging the International Criminal Court and the International Community to follow war criminals in Yemen, in particular, after several reports from United Nations bodies describe Yemen as worst crises on the earth because of the illegitimate war led by Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates on Yemen.

Earlier 2019, Mahmoud Refaat announced Mohammad bin Salman and Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan must be trailed as war criminals for their rule of crises in Yemen which left thousands of civilians as victims of starvation, cholera epidemic apart civilians who were killed by the bombing of Saudi-Emirati coalition.


Bimenes

Bimenes is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Boal

Boal () is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Saint-Chaffrey

Saint-Chaffrey is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Liane den Haan

Natalia Liane den Haan (born 24 August 1967) is a Dutch independent politician. She was party leader of 50PLUS (50+) from October 2020 to May 2021, as successor of Henk Krol.

She studied nursing, worked at a hospital, studied in the evening business administration and was a catering and party service business operative. Thereafter, she focused on leading jobs and has held various leading positions since then.

De Haan was heading senior citizen organisation ANBO from 2005 to 2020. Besides, she was a member of the socio-economic council SER from 2009 to 2013 and from 2018 to 2019, a member of the board of civil servants personnel organisation ACOP from 2012 to 2018, and also director of LGBT organisation COC Nederland.

Born in Woerden, she was councillor of this municipality in the province of Utrecht from 2006 to 2010, until 2007 for Democrats 66 (D66), and afterwards for the Labour Party (PvdA) in Progressief Woerden.

She was a member of 50+ from August 2020 to May 2021 and leaded the party into the 2021 Dutch general election in March 2021. 50+ gained one seat, so she has been both parliamentary group leader and an MP since March 2021. Because of serious disagreements with the party executive committee, she left 50+ on 6 May 2021 and continues as an independent MP.

De Haan is divorced with three children and still lives in Woerden.


Deccan sultanates

The Deccan sultanates is the name for five Islamic kingdoms which existed in the Deccan Plateau, in the Middle Ages. They all had at least a part of the territory on the Deccan Plateau. The sultanates came into existence when the Bahmani Sultanate broke up. Much like the Bahmani Sultanate, these kingdoms regularly fought against the Hindu Vijayanagara Empire in South India but also commonly and most fought amongst themselves for territory.

Columbia TriStar Television

Columbia TriStar Domestic Television was an American television production and distribution studio. The company was started in 1994 when Columbia Pictures Television joined with TriStar Television. Movies like "Annie" and "The Three Stooges" were produced here. Television programs were also produced like the reruns of "All in the Family". The company shut down in 2002 to make way for Sony Pictures Television.

The Last Fleksnes

The Last Fleksnes () is a 1974 Norwegian comedy movie directed by Bo Hermansson and was based on the sitcom series "Fleksnes Fataliteter". It stars Rolv Wesenlund, Aud Schønemann, Finn Mehlum, Per Christensen, Britt Langlie, Kjersti Døvigen.


Whangārei

Whangārei () is the northernmost city in New Zealand and the regional capital of Northland Region. It is part of the Whangārei District, a local body created in 1989 to administer both the city proper and its hinterland from the former Whangarei City, Whangarei County and Hikurangi Town councils. The city population was estimated to be 56,400 at the June 2016, up from 47,000 in 2001. The wider Whangarei area had an estimated population of 85,900 in 2015.

The Whangarei urban area is spread throughout the valleys of the surrounding area and has several suburbs: Kamo, Springs Flat, Tikipunga, Three Mile Bush, Otangarei, Mairtown, Regent, Kensington, and Whau Valley lie to the north of the city. South and west of the city centre are Morningside, Raumanga, Maunu, Horahora, Woodhill, and the Avenues, and to the east are Riverside, Sherwood Rise, Onerahi, and Parihaka.

Kumi Yokoyama

Yokoyama was born in Tama on August 13, 1993. After graduating from Jumonji High School, they joined Okayama Yunogo Belle in 2012. In 2014, they moved to Nadeshiko League Division 2 club AC Nagano Parceiro. They became top scorer in 2014 and 2015. The club was also promoted to Division 1 from 2016. In 2016 season, they were selected Best Eleven. In July 2017, they moved to German Bundesliga club Frankfurt. In July 2018, they returned to AC Nagano Parceiro. In 2020, they moved to Washington Spirit.

In 2010, Yokoyama was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2010 U-17 World Cup. They played 6 games and scored 6 goals, and Japan won 2nd place. They received one of the ten 2010 FIFA Puskás Award nominations for their winning goal in the semifinals against North Korea, which made the headlines and was compared to Diego Maradona's second goal against England in the 1986 World Cup. In 2012 they were also a member of the Japan U-20 national team for 2012 U-20 World Cup which Japan won the 3rd place. In March 2015, they were selected the Japan national team for 2015 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 6, they debuted and scored a goal against Portugal. In 2018, they played at 2018 Asian Cup. They scored 4 goals include 2 goals at semifinal and a goal at final, and Japan won the championship.


Ayaka Yamashita

Yamashita was born in Adachi, Tokyo on September 29, 1995. After graduating from Murata Women's High School, she joined Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") in 2014. The club won Nadeshiko League championship and she was selected Best Eleven for 5 years in a row from 2015 to 2019. In 2021, she moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa.

In August 2015, when Yamashita was 19 years old, she was selected the Japan national team for 2015 East Asian Cup. At this competition, on August 4, she debuted against South Korea. In 2018, she played at 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship. She also played at 2018 Asian Games and Japan won the championship. In 2019, she was selected Japan for 2019 World Cup.

Tomoko Muramatsu

Muramatsu was born in Setagaya, Tokyo on October 23, 1994. She was promoted to Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") from the youth team in 2011. She was selected Best Eleven in 2015 and 2016.

In 2010, Muramatsu was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2010 U-17 World Cup. She played 5 games and Japan won the 2nd place. In August 2015, she was selected the Japan national team for 2015 East Asian Cup. At this competition, on August 4, she debuted against South Korea. She played 4 games for Japan until 2016.


Hanae Shibata

Shibata was born in Kitakyushu on July 27, 1992. After graduating from Kamimura Gakuen High School, she joined Urawa Reds in 2011. She was selected Best Eleven in the 2015 season.

In August 2012, Shibata joined the Japan U-20 national team for 2012 U-20 World Cup. She played 6 games and scored 3 goals, and Japan won the 3rd place. Shibata was named the 2012 "Asian Young Footballer of the Year". In August 2015, she joined the Japan national team for 2015 East Asian Cup. At this competition, on August 4, she debuted against South Korea.


Nokia 6300

Nokia 6300 is a GSM smartphone developed by the Nokia Corporation. It was released in January 2007. At the time, it had smaller memory, at around 30MB. The Nokia 6300 was the basis for the Nokia 6233 and Nokia 3510, and its successor to the Nokia 6300 4G.

The Nokia 6300 is a glossy white color, and it has 17MB of storage. The Nokia Hand was also first added to the Nokia 6300. It is based on the Nokia 3510. In 2007, Nokia improved the phone, which now includes 4G access, Bluetooth, 1 SD card port and a SIM card that can connect to the Internet using Wi-Fi or Mobile Broadband. The battery capacity for Nokia 6300 is 860mAh.

In January 2007, Nokia released the new Nokia 6300, which is also called the Nokia 6300 4G, and introduced a SIM card to the franchise, developed by Nokia. The Nokia 6300 first launched in December of 2006, at the Mobile World Congress. it was made in the United States and United Kingdom, with an option of either black, red, white or brown cases. Nokia 6300 can use Mobile Broadband using its SIM card. It contains a SD card and more hardware, and it has 17MB in it's system memory.

In March 2008, Nokia released version RM 217 for the Nokia 6300, also called the Nokia 6300 Gold. It is light yellow. The Nokia 6300 also has Web, Calendar, Game apps and more. In May 2008, this phone reached global popularity.


List of figures in Meitei mythology

This is a list of gods, goddesses, people and other figures from Meitei mythology. They are sorted into sections below. The immortals include gods, spirits and other supernatural beings. Being immortal means that they lived forever. The mortals include heroes, kings and other people.




DWAN-AM

DWAN (1206 AM) is an upcoming radio station owned and operated by the Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation.

The station was established in 1973 by Banahaw Broadcasting Corporation, a company owned by the late Marcos crony Roberto Benedicto, on 1160 AM under the call letters DWWA. In November 1978, it transferred its frequency to 1206 AM, in response to the adoption of the 9 kHz spacing on AM radio stations in the Philippines under the Geneva Frequency Plan of 1975. In 1984, it changed its call letters to DWAN.

When BBC was dissolved after the 1986 EDSA Revolution, ownership of the station was transferred to the Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation under the name IBC Broadkast Patrol. By this time, it was located in Broadcast City. In 1996, DWAN returned to air, this time under the management of Bubby Dacer's Asia Pacific News and Features. Notable announcers included Rod Navarro, Cesar Chavez, the late John Susi and Pol Velasco. It went off the air in 2004.

In late 2007, the station returned to air, this time as MMDA Traffic Radio under the management of the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority. It transferred to its home in MMDA's Communications and Command Center in Makati. The station provided real-time traffic updates and public service reminders. Some of its programs were simulcast on MMDA TV.

On July 13, 2010, MMDA Traffic Radio went off the air as an effect of Typhoon Basyang (Conson). Both the station and MMDA TeleRadyo permanently ceased operations on August 17, 2010, in order to cost-cutting measures, which were costing the agency at least 1 million pesos every month.


Machu Picchu facts

1 In the Quechua Indian language, “Machu Picchu” means “Old Peak” or “Old Mountain.”

2 Machu Picchu is made up of more than 150 buildings ranging from baths and houses to temples and sanctuaries

3  The compound contains more than 100 separate flights of stairs. Most of the individual staircases were carved from one slab of stone

4 Machu Picchu was only known locally until Yale Professor Hiram Bingham re-discovered the site in 1911. His book, The Lost City of the Incas, was based on his findings.

5 English or Spanish, the first 'c' in Picchu is silent.
Imola

Imola is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. It has about 70,000 people.

Ercolano

Ercolano is an Italian city in Campania. It has about 53,000 people.

Enna

Enna is an Italian city in Sicily. Enna is the capital of the Province of Enna. It has about 27,000 people.

Denmark, Wisconsin

Denmark is a village in Brown County, Wisconsin.

Mayu Sasaki

Sasaki was born in Sagamihara on January 12, 1993. After graduating from Musashigaoka College, she joined Vegalta Sendai (later "Mynavi Vegalta Sendai") in 2013. In 2018, she moved to Urawa Reds.

On June 2, 2016, Sasaki debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She played 8 games for Japan until 2017.


Sonoko Chiba

Chiba was born in Osaka on June 15, 1993. After graduating from Himeji Hinomoto College, she joined AS Harima Albion based in Himeji in 2014.

On June 2, 2016, Chiba debuted for Japan national team against United States. She played 5 games for Japan until 2017.


Lissone

Lissone is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in Lombardy, Italy.

Yu Nakasato

Nakasato was born in Fuchu on July 14, 1994. In 2011, she joined Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") from their youth team. She was selected Best Eleven in 2017 season.

In August 2012, Nakasato was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2012 U-20 World Cup and Japan won the 3rd place. On June 2, 2016, she debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She played 20 games for Japan until 2018.


Hikari Takagi

Takagi was born in Mishima on May 21, 1993. After graduating from Waseda University, she joined Nojima Stella Kanagawa Sagamihara in 2016. She played 53 matches for the club. She retired end of 2018 season.

Hikari played for the Japan U-17 national team at 2010 U-17 World Cup which Japan won the 2nd place and the U-20 team at 2012 U-20 World Cup which Japan won the 3rd place. On June 5, 2016, she debuted for the Japan national team against United States. She was a member of Japan for 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship. She played 19 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 2018.


Yuka Momiki

Momiki joined Nippon TV Beleza (Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza) from their youth team in 2011. She was selected Best Eleven in 2016 and 2017. In May 2020, Momiki signed for OL Reign.

In 2012, Momiki was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2012 U-17 World Cup. In 2016, Momiki was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2016 U-20 World Cup. At this competition, she played 6 games and scored 7 goals, and Japan won the 3rd place. In 2017, Momiki was selected the Japan national team for 2017 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 1, she debuted against Spain. In 2018, she played at 2018 Asian Games and Japan won the champions. In 2019, she was selected Japan for 2019 World Cup.


Yui Hasegawa

Hasegawa was born in Miyagi Prefecture on January 29, 1997. She joined Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") from their youth team in 2013. She was selected Best Eleven for 4 years in a row (2017-2020). In 2021, she signed with AC Milan.

Hasegawa was a member of the Japan U-17 national team during the 2012 and 2014 U-17 World Cup. In 2014, the U-17 Japan team won the championship. She was also a member of the Japan U-20 team for the 2016 U-20 World Cup, when Japan won third place. In 2017, she was selected for the Japan national team for the 2017 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 1, she played against Spain. In 2018, she played at the 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship. She also played at 2018 Asian Games and Japan won the champions. In 2019, she was selected Japan for 2019 World Cup.


Sakiko Ikeda

Ikeda was born in Saitama on September 8, 1992. In 2011, she was promoted to Urawa Reds from their youth team.

In 2008, Ikeda played for the Japan U-17 national team at the 2008 U-17 World Cup. In 2012, she also played for the Japan U-20 national team at the 2012 U-20 World Cup, and Japan won third place. In 2017, she was selected for the Japan national team, when they played in the 2017 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 6, she played against Norway. She was a member of Japan for the 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship. She also played at 2018 Asian Games and Japan won the champions. In 2019, she was selected Japan for 2019 World Cup.


Ayumi Oya

Oya was born in Midori on November 8, 1994. She joined Ehime FC in 2011.

On April 9, 2017, Oya debuted for the Japan national team against Costa Rica. She played 9 games for Japan until 2018.


Rin Sumida

Sumida was born in Fujisawa on January 12, 1996. She joined Nippon TV Beleza from their youth team in 2012. She played 116 matches for the club until 2018. In 2019, she moved to Mynavi Vegalta Sendai (later "Mynavi Sendai").

In 2012, Sumida played for the Japan U-17 national team at 2012 U-17 World Cup. She also played for the Japan U-20 national team at 2016 U-20 World Cup and Japan won the 3rd place. On April 9, 2017, she debuted for the Japan national team against Costa Rica. In 2018, she was a member for 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship. She also played at 2018 Asian Games and Japan won the champions. She played 22 games for Japan until 2018.


Tinatin Bokuchava

Tinatin Bokuchava (born 29 May 1983) is a Georgian politician, Member of United National Movement. She is a Member of Parliament of Georgia since 2012. She studied at Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy. In 2011 - at Smith College. From 2009 to 2011 she worked in National-Democratic Institute. She is a Leader of women's wing of United National Movement.

Miho Manya

Manya was born in Osaka Prefecture on November 5, 1996. After graduating from Hinomoto Gakuen High School, she joined Vegalta Sendai (later "Mynavi Sendai") in 2015. However, she could not play in Nadeshiko League competition for injury in 2015 and 2016 season. In 2017, she debuted in Nadeshiko League and became a regular player as left side back.

In 2012, Manya was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2012 U-17 World Cup. On July 27, 2017, she debuted for the Japan national team against Brazil. She played 7 games for Japan in 2017.


Nana Ichise

Ichise was born in Tokushima on August 4, 1997. After graduating from Tokiwagi Gakuen High School, she joined Vegalta Sendai (later "Mynavi Sendai") in 2016.

Ichise played for the Japan U-17 national team at 2014 U-17 World Cup and the Japan U-20 national team at 2016 U-20 World Cup. Japan won the championship at U-17 World Cup and 3rd place at U-20 World Cup. On April 9, 2017, she debuted for the Japan national team against Costa Rica. In 2018, she played for 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship. She played 19 games for Japan until 2019.


Madoka Haji

Haji was born in Nagoya on July 8, 1988. After graduating from Seiwa Gakuen High School, she joined INAC Kobe Leonessa in 2007. In 2012, she moved to Iga FC Kunoichi. In 2018, she moved to Mynavi Vegalta Sendai. In 2019, she moved to the South Korean club Suwon UDC.

On July 30, 2017, Haji played for the Japan national team for the first time against Australia. She played seven games for Japan until 2018.


Hikaru Kitagawa

Kitagawa was born in Kanazawa on May 10, 1997. After graduating from JFA Academy Fukushima, she joined Urawa Reds in 2015. She played as regular right side back from first season. However her opportunity to play decreased from 2017. In September 2018, she moved to Albirex Niigata.

Kitagawa played for the Japan U-17 national team at 2014 U-17 World Cup and the Japan U-20 national team at 2016 U-20 World Cup. Japan won the championship at U-17 World Cup and the 3rd place at U-20 World Cup. In 2017, she was selected the Japan national team for 2017 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 1, she debuted against Spain. She played 5 games for Japan in 2017.


Kaede Nakamura

Nakamura was born in Iwate Prefecture on August 3, 1991. After graduating from Tokiwagi Gakuen High School, she joined Albirex Niigata in 2010. She played 118 matches in 11 seasons. In 2021, she moved to new club Sanfrecce Hiroshima Regina.

In 2017, Nakamura was selected the Japan national team for 2017 Algarve Cup. At this competition, on March 3, she debuted against Iceland. She played 3 games for Japan in 2017.


Roentgen (unit)

The roentgen or röntgen is a unit of measurement for the exposure of X-rays and gamma rays. It is defined as the electric charge freed by such radiation in a specified volume of air divided by the mass of that air. It is named after the German physicist Wilhelm Röntgen, who discovered X-rays.

Idaho's 1st congressional district

Idaho's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S state of Idaho. The district is in the western part of the state. The congressional district is in the suburbs of Boise, Idaho and is in Ada and Canyon counties. It also includes the entire northern part of the state, through the Panhandle. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The 1st district is currently represented by Russ Fulcher, a Republican.

Mami Ueno

Ueno was born in Kumamoto Prefecture on September 27, 1996. After graduating from Kamimura Gakuen High School, she joined Ehime FC in 2015. She played 103 matches and scored 29 goals until 2020. In 2021, she moved to new club Sanfrecce Hiroshima Regina.

Ueno was a member of the Japan U-20 national team for 2016 U-20 World Cup and Japan won the 3rd place. She scored 5 goals and 2 assists, and get Golden Shoe awards. On April 9, 2017, she debuted for the Japan national team against Costa Rica.


Shiho Tomari

Tomari was born in Nagoya on March 26, 1990. After graduating from Osaka University of Health and Sport Sciences, she joined Urawa Reds in 2012. In 2015, she moved to AC Nagano Parceiro. She played 61 matches and scored 19 goals. In 2018, she moved to Austrian Frauenliga club Wacker Innsbruck. In 2019, she moved to German 2. Frauen-Bundesliga club Cloppenburg. In 2020, she returned to AC Nagano Parceiro.

On July 27, 2017, Tomari debuted for the Japan national team against Brazil. She played 2 games for Japan in 2017.


Idaho's 2nd congressional district

Idaho's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S state of Idaho. It is in the eastern part of the state. The capital city of Idaho, Boise, Idaho is in the district. The other big cities in the 2nd district are Idaho Falls, Pocatello, Twin Falls, Rexburg, Hailey and Sun Valley. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district is currently represented by Mike Simpson, a Republican from Idaho Falls.

Riho Sakamoto

Sakamoto was born in Tochigi Prefecture on July 7, 1992. After graduating from Tokiwagi Gakuen High School, she joined Urawa Reds in 2011. She moved to AC Nagano Parceiro in 2015. She played 69 matches until 2018. In 2019, she moved to NHK Spring Yokohama FC Seagulls. She left the club end of 2020 season.

In 2012, Sakamoto was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2012 U-20 World Cup. Japan won the 3rd place. On July 30, 2017, she debuted for the Japan national team against Australia.


Hanna Novosad

Hanna Ihorivna Novosad (Ukrainian: Ганна Ігорівна Новосад; born 28 July 1990) is a Ukrainian educational activist, civil servant and politician. The Minister of Education and Science of Ukraine in the Honcharuk Government.

In 2007, she graduated from the Ukrainian Humanities Lyceum at the Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv. In 2011, Novosad received a Bachelor's degree in Political Science from the National University of Kyiv-Mohyla Academy. In 2013, she received a Master's degree in European Studies from Maastricht University (the Netherlands). Novosad is fluent in English and German.

During 2012–2013, Novosad had internships in think tanks in Spain and the Czech Republic. Member of the Canada-Ukraine Parliamentary Program.

On August 29, 2019, in her Facebook post, Anna Novosad made mistakes, to which Iryna Farion drew attention. After that, Hanna Novosad had to correct mistakes, edit the post and leave an additional comment.

Hourglass tree frog

The hourglass tree frog ("Dendropsophus ebraccatus") is a frog that lives in Mexico, Colombia, Belize and Nicaragua. Scientists have seen it as high as 1600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 23.63 to 26.75 mm long from nose to rear end and the largest adult female frogs are 36.5 mm long. Frogs that live high up in the hills are larger than frogs that live low and close to the ocean. This frog's head is wider than its body. It has yellow skin and a brown pattern on its back that look like an hourglass. 

Male frogs sing for females after it rains. The rain creates pools of water that are not there during the dry season. The males sit on plants high above the pools and sing so the females will come to them. There are also "sneaker males" who sit between the pools and the singing males so the females will meet them first.

The females lay 180 to 300 eggs at a time. Most frogs can lay eggs either on land or in water but not both. However, the hourglass tree frog can lay eggs on both. If the pool is in the sun, the female frog will lay her eggs on a piece of plant under the surface of the water so that they don't dry out. If the pool is in the shade, she will lay her eggs near the water so that the tadpoles fall into it after they hatch. For example, she may lay her eggs on a leaf on a branch hanging over the water. If she lays eggs in the water, fish might eat them. If she lays eggs on a leaf, wasps, ants or spiders might eat them.

The tadpoles can be 6.72 to 7.47 mm long when they first hatch and they can grow to 2.9 cm. They eat algae and hide in underwater plants.
The nematode worm parasite "Cosmocerca parva" can infect this frog.

This frog does not get very sick from the chytridiomycosis fungal disease the way many other frogs do. Scientists found that the microbiota of hourglass tree frogs, which is all the bacteria and other microorganisms that live on and in the frog's body, is different from the microbiota of other frogs. Scientists think this might protect the hourglass tree frog from chytridiomycosis but they are not sure.

Scientists and students use the hourglass tree frog as a test animal because it is not endangered and because it can lay eggs on land or in water. Humans also keep these frogs as pets.

Kao Phaba

"Kao Phaba" (), also known as "Khambana Kao Phaba" () (literally, ""Khamba capturing the bull""), is an episode of capturing the feral bull by Khuman Khamba in the Khamba Thoibi epic legend. It is one of the most well known and the most celebrated legends in the modern popular culture of Manipur.

In 2010, under the banner of the Laihui productions, an opera was produced ""Kao, The Sacred Bull"", based on the legend of capturing the bull.

In 2019, a popular form of the episode, was reproduced in a canvas painting, with the title, ""Khambana kao phaba"". It was shown in an art exhibition in Bhopal, India.

In 2020, the legend of capturing the bull, was displayed in its theatrical production, under the title "Kao Faba", in the Iboyaima Shummang Leela Shanglen, Palace Compound, Imphal.



New Mexico's 3rd congressional district

New Mexico's 3rd congressional district () is a congressional district is the U.S state of New Mexico. The district is in the north part of the state. Many Native Americans live in the district and most of the Navajo Nation is also in the district. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The current Representative is Democrat Teresa Leger Fernandez.

Risa Shimizu

Shimizu was born in Kobe on June 15, 1996. In 2013, she was promoted to Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") from their youth team. She was selected Best Eleven for 4 years in a row (2017-2020).

In 2012, Shimizu was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2012 U-17 World Cup. In 2017, she was selected the Japan national team for . At this competition, on February 28, she debuted against Netherlands. She also played at 2018 Asian Cup and Japan won the championship. She also played at 2018 Asian Games and Japan won the champions. In 2019, she was selected Japan for 2019 World Cup.


Moeno Sakaguchi

Sakaguchi was born in Kanagawa Prefecture on June 4, 1992. After graduating from Musashigaoka College, he joined Nadeshiko League club Albirex Niigata in 2013. She played 134 matches until 2019. In 2020, she moved to INAC Kobe Leonessa.

In April 2018, Sakaguchi was selected the Japan national team for 2018 Women's Asian Cup. Although she did not play in the match, Japan team won the champions for 2 tournament in a row. On June 10, she debuted as substitute midfielder from the second half against New Zealand. She also played at 2018 Asian Games and Japan won the champions. She played 12 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 2019.


Narumi Miura

Miura was born in Kawasaki on July 3, 1997. She joined Nadeshiko League club Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") from their youth team in 2016. She played many matches from first season and the club won the champions for 4 years in a row (2016-2019).

In September 2013, Miura was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2013 AFC U-16 Women's Championship. She scored 2 goals including opening goal at the final and Japan team won the champions for 2 tournaments in a row. In August 2015, she was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2015 AFC U-19 Women's Championship and Japan won the champions. In November 2016, she was selected the U-20 Japan for 2016 U-20 Women's World Cup. At this tournament, she played 5 matches and Japan won the 3rd place.

On June 10, 2018, Miura debuted for the Japan national team against New Zealand. In 2019, she was selected Japan for 2019 World Cup.


Nataliya Boyko

Natalia Boyko (Ukrainian: "Наталія Андріївна Бойко;" born September 7, 1989, Lviv, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian stateswoman and politician. She has served as Deputy Minister of Energy and Coal Industry of Ukraine (2017-2019). Deputy chairperson of the Supervisory Board of NJSC Naftogaz of Ukraine and Advisor to the Prime Minister of Ukraine. 

In 2011, Natalia graduated from the Faculty of Law of Ivan Franko National University of Lviv with a master's degree in law with honors. Her research topic was "Legislative Basis of the European Union Energy Policy".

Interned in Salzburg (Austria) at the Department of Environmental and Energy Law. She studied at the School of Austrian Law, Faculty of Law, Lviv National University. I. Franko in cooperation with the Faculty of Law of the University of Vienna, the School of German Law, Faculty of Law, Lviv National University. I. Franko in cooperation with the German Foundation for International Legal Cooperation.

She studied at the Faculty of Law of the Humboldt University of Berlin on an Erasmus scholarship in the program "German and EU Law".

Until 2015, she worked in Frankfurt am Main (Germany) at Environmental Resources Management as a consultant and project coordinator for international gas companies and financial institutions, in particular, led projects in the Ukrainian oil and gas sector.

From 2015 to 2019, at the suggestion of Deputy Head of the Administration of the President of Ukraine Dmytro Shymkiv, she worked in the Administration of the President of Ukraine, in particular, held the position of Adviser to the Administration.

From February 22, 2017, to September 2019, at the suggestion of the Minister of Energy and Coal Industry of Ukraine Ihor Nasalik, she held the position of Deputy Minister for European Integration. From the government, she was responsible for the preparation of the National Energy Strategy of Ukraine until 2035. By order of August 18, 2017 №605-r, the government approved the Energy Strategy of Ukraine for the period up to 2035 "Security, energy efficiency, competitiveness".

From September 27, 2017, to 2020 - Member of the UN Sustainable Energy Committee Bureau.

From November 2019 to March 2020 she held the position of Advisor to the Prime Minister of Ukraine Oleksiy Honcharuk.

Since May 2020 she has held the position of Advisor to the Prime Minister of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal.

From September 2019 to September 2021 - Representative of the State in the Supervisory Board of National Joint Stock Company "Naftogaz of Ukraine". On 24 January 2023 has been appointed as a state representative in the Supervisory Board of Naftogaz again. On 14 February 2023 became the deputy chairperson of the Supervisory Board.

New Mexico's 1st congressional district

New Mexico's 1st congressional district () is a congressional district is the U.S state of New Mexico. The district is in the middle of the state. The district has the counties of Bernalillo County, all of Torrance County, and parts of Sandoval, Santa Fe and Valencia counties. It also includes almost most of Albuquerque. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district is currently represented by Democrat Melanie Stansbury.

Aimi Kunitake

Kunitake was born in Yamato, Kumamoto on January 10, 1997. After graduating from Musashigaoka College, she joined Nadeshiko League club Nojima Stella Kanagawa Sagamihara in 2017. She became a regular player as center back and played all league matches until 2019. In 2020, she moved to Mynavi Vegalta Sendai.

On July 29, 2018, Kunitake debuted for the Japan national team against Brazil. She also played at 2018 Asian Games and Japan won the champions. She played 3 games for Japan in 2018.


Pokémon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon

Pokémon Ultra Sun and Pokémon Ultra Moon are role-playing games in the 7th generation of "Pokémon". It was released on the Nintendo 3DS in 2017. They are improved versions of "Pokémon Sun and Moon", the games that released a year before. 

Mayo Doko

Doko was born in Toda on May 3, 1996. In 2012, when she was 15 years old, she joined Nadeshiko League club Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") from their youth team. She played many matches as center back from first season. The club also won the champions for 5 years in a row (2015-2019).

In August 2012, when Doko was 16 years old, she was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2012 U-20 Women's World Cup was held in Japan. At this tournament, she played as center back in all 6 matches and Japan won the 3rd place. On July 29, 2018, Doko debuted for the Japan national team as substitute center back from the 68th minute instead Aimi Kunitake for injury against Brazil.


Chika Hirao

Hirao was born in Matsudo on December 31, 1996. She joined Nadeshiko League club Urawa Reds from JFA Academy Fukushima in 2014. She played many matches as regular goalkeeper and the club won the champions in first season. However her opportunity to play decreased behind Sakiko Ikeda from 2015 season. In 2018, she moved to Albirex Niigata.

In September 2012, when Hirao was 15 years old, she was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2012 U-17 Women's World Cup and she played 3 matches as regular goalkeeper. In November 2016, she was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2016 U-20 Women's World Cup. She played 5 matches and Japan won the 3rd place.

In April 2018, Hirao was selected the Japan national team for 2018 Women's Asian Cup. Although she did not play in any matches, Japan won the championship after two tournaments in a row. On August 2, she debuted against Australia. In 2019, she was selected Japan for 2019 World Cup. She played 2 games for Japan until 2019.


Hina Sugita

Sugita was born in Kitakyushu on January 31, 1997. After graduating from Fujieda Junshin High School, she joined Nadeshiko League club INAC Kobe Leonessa in 2015. She debuted as midfielder in 2015. She became a regular player in 2016 and was selected Best Young player award in 2016 season.

In September 2012, when Sugita was 15 years old, she was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2012 U-17 Women's World Cup. She played all 4 matches and scored 2 goals. In 2013, she played at 2013 AFC U-16 Women's Championship and Japan won the champions for 2 championship in a row. She also scored 6 goals and was selected MVP award. In 2014, she was selected the U-17 Japan for 2014 U-17 Women's World Cup. She played 5 matches as captain and scored 5 goals. Japan won the champions first time. She was also selected Golden Ball (MVP) award. In November 2016, she was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2016 U-20 Women's World Cup. She played all 6 matches and Japan won the 3rd place. She was also selected Golden Ball award.

On August 2, 2018, Sugita debuted for the Japan national team as substitute midfielder from the 72nd minute against Australia. In 2019, she was selected the Japan for 2019 World Cup.


Joseph Kesenge Wandangakongu

Joseph Kesenge Wandangakongu (4 April 1928 – 19 February 2021) was a Congolese Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Molegbe.

He was ordained to the priesthood in 1957. He was bishop of the Diocese of Molegbe from 1969 to 1997.

Kesenge Wandangakongu died on 19 February 2021 in Gbadolite at the age of 92.

Kira Rudyk

Kira Oleksandrivna Rudyk (born October 14, 1985 in Uzhhorod) is a Ukrainian politician and current leader of the political party "Golos" and since 2019 a member of the Ukrainian parliament.
Born on 14 October 1985 in Uzhhorod, Rudyk graduated in 2008 from the Faculty of Informatics of the Kyiv-Mohyla Academy with a degree in Information Control Systems and Technologies. She worked in several IT companies in Ukraine and the United States, and went from being a tester to a top manager.

In 2002 she entered the Kyiv-Mohyla Academy, majoring in Information Technology.

In 2005, in the third year of the Kyiv-Mohyla Academy, Kira got a job at Software MacKiev.

In 2016 she started developing Ring Ukraine. At one time, Kira persuaded the head of the American startup Ring to open an office in Ukraine. In 3 years, Kira has transformed a small branch of the international company Ring Ukraine into a large company with about a thousand employees and three offices in different cities of Ukraine.

2018 - Amazon enters into a $ 1 billion Ring acquisition, facilitated by Kira Rudyk. Under her leadership, the company has grown from 10 to 1,000 employees.

Free people of color

When talking about the colonies in the New World, the term free people of color was used for people who had both European, and African, and sometimes native American parents, but who were not slaves. This term applied to many people in Louisiana (which was known as 'New France' at the time), and the Carribean islands. In the colonies, these people were classified in various ways, usually depending on what they looked like. The term became popular in the late 17th century. In the thirteen colonies, these people were sometimes called free negroes.

The term did not apply to freed slaves, which were usually known as "affranchi", in French.

Jerome Is the New Black

"Jerome Is the New Black" is the 7th episode of Family Guys 8th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on November 22, 2009. The episode is about Peter and his friends meeting a guy named Jerome. Peter does not trust him because he learns that Jerome dated Peter's wife before. 

The episode was written by John Viener. Brian Iles is the director of the episode. About 7.38 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast.

Peter, Quagmire, and Joe are sad because their friend Cleveland went to Virginia. They try to look for another guy to be in their group of friends. They find a black person named Jerome. Jerome becomes their friend when he shows them his skills in darts. At his house, Peter shows Jerome to his wife Lois. She says that she and Jerome dated many years ago. Peter starts to feel jealous. He throws a bottle through Jerome's house. This accidentally starts a fire and burns Jerome's house. Jerome goes to Lois and says that he will hurt the guy who burned his house. He does not know that Peter did it. Lois lets Jerome stay in their house. Peter starts to act very jealously. He dresses as a ghost that makes him look like a member of the Ku Klux Klan. This was to make Jerome leave their house. Lois tells Peter in an argument that Jerome got him a gift. Peter goes back to Jerome and says he is sorry for acting badly to him. Jerome forgives Peter and they still be friends.

Brian wants to be in Peter's group of friends. Peter says that he can not because Quagmire does not like him. Brian goes to Quagmire's house and tries to be good to him. However, he makes Quagmire angry when he accidentally thinks his abused sister is his girlfriend. Brian tries to make Quagmire feel better by getting him to go to dinner. At dinner, Brian tries to start small talk. This does not work, so he asks Quagmire why he does not like him. Quagmire makes a long rant on everything that Brian does that he does not like. Brian goes back home and cries on the way there. Stewie makes him feel better by saying he only needs to like himself. 

The episode was first talked about at the 2009 San Diego Comic-Con. The episode was written by John Viener. Brian Iles is the director of the episode. The episode was made to give Peter's group of friend another person after Cleveland Brown was taken out of "Family Guy" and moved to "The Cleveland Show". Kevin Michael Richardson guest stars as the voice actor for Jerome. He said that he made Jerome similar to Rockfeller Butts from "The Knights of Prosperity" (another character he was the role of). Nana Visitor guest stars as a woman in a restaurant. Johnny Brennan, Chris Cox, Ralph Garman, Mark Hentemann, Alec Sulkin, and John Viener were the voice actors for other characters in the episode.

The episode was watched by about 7.38 million people when it was first broadcast.

Emily VanDerWerff from "The A.V. Club" thought that the episode's story started well but then got further bad in the episode. She thought that a "South Park" episode with a similar story of Kenny McCormick being replaced was done better. However, she said she liked Quagmire's long rant. Ahsan Haque from IGN did not like how the episode was made. Haque thought that the episode's story sounded better as an idea. Ramsey Isler (another IGN reviewer) said that the episode was not funny and the writing was lazy and not original.


Seduction

Seduction is to convince someone to do something which he or she did not want to do at the start. It can also mean convincing the person to do something he or she ought not to do (such as acting against a rule). Most commonly the term is used to convince another person to have a sexual relationship.

List of All in the Family episodes

This is a list of all the episodes of "All in the Family" which was on CBS from 1971 to 1979.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>


Jazz guitar

A jazz guitar is a type of electric guitar. It is a type of guitar used in the various genres which are commonly called "jazz". The jazz-type guitar was born as a result of using electric amplification to increase the volume of conventional acoustic guitars. When guitarists in big bands only had acoustic guitars, all they could do was play chords; they could not play solos because the acoustic guitar is not a loud instrument.

Ugochukwu Oduenyi

Ugochukwu Ogbonnaya Oduenyi (born 3 February 1996) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Minaj.

Early career

Oduenyi started his career at famous Emmanuel Amuneke academy, Lagos, Nigeria.

LASK

In August 2018, Oduenyi left the shores of Nigeria and signed with Austrian Bundesliga club LASK. He penned two-year deal with the Austrian club but was loaned to a Second division club NK Sesvete in Croatia.

NK Sesvete

In October 2018 he made his debut for Sesvete in the 2nd HNL when he came on as a substitute for Mario Vasilj in the 60th minute against NK BSK Bijelo Brdo on matchday eight of the 2018/19 season. The loan ended during the winter break of that season and Oduenyi was on loan to the Austrian second division club SV Horn in January 2019.

SV Horn

He made his debut in the second division in February 2019, when he was in the starting line-up against FC Liefering on matchday 16 of that season and was replaced by Kelvin Arase in the 58th minute.

SV Reid

In September 2019, Oduenyi signed permanently with another Austrian club SV Reid in the second division. He was part of the team success to gain promotion to the Austrian Bundesliga (Top League) in 2020 and was released after contract expiration.

FC Minaj

In January 2021, Oduenyi signed for FC Minaj to join Ukraine Premier league team as a free player and was handed a famous No. 9 jersey. His agent Salutan Momoh Danessi who broke the transfer news, said the player’s confidence is on the high side and will be looking forward to giving his best on the pitch.

“Ugochukwu, is a top quality striker, he’s very happy to sign with FC Minaj and be part of the family of the club, his going to give 100% of his best and commit himself to the club, he love scoring goals, I am very sure, he will take the club to another level in the Premier league.” On the 6th of February, Oduenyi has taken very little time to show his goals power after he produced a screamer for new Ukrainian club FC Minaj in a pre-season match against Olimpik Donetsk in Turkey.

2. Liga (Austria)

Saint-Clément-sur-Durance

Saint-Clément-sur-Durance is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Saint-Crépin, Hautes-Alpes

Saint-Crépin is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Cabrales

Cabrales is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Cabranes

Cabranes is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Cangas de Onís

Cangas de Onís () is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Candamo

Candamo () is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Saint-Disdier

Saint-Disdier used to be a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. On 1 January 2013, it became part of the new commune of Le Dévoluy.

Le Dévoluy

Le Dévoluy is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. The municipality was created on 1 January 2013 by combining Agnières-en-Dévoluy, La Cluse, Saint-Disdier and Saint-Étienne-en-Dévoluy.

Saint-Étienne-en-Dévoluy

Saint-Étienne-en-Dévoluy used to be a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. On 1 January 2013, it became part of the new commune of Le Dévoluy.

Sainte-Colombe, Hautes-Alpes

Sainte-Colombe is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

The D30 and D30A communes pass through the commune.

Sainte-Colombe borders the Drôme department.

Saint-Étienne-le-Laus

Saint-Étienne-le-Laus is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Grover Beach, California

Grover Beach is a city in San Luis Obispo County, California.

Media Matters for America

Media Matters for America (MMfA) is a left-wing organization that criticizes right-wing media. Journalist and political activist David Brock founded MMfA in 2004. It often criticizes Fox News.


Joey Stivic

Joey Stivic is a fictional character on the American situation comedy "All in the Family" and the show's spin-offs "Archie Bunker's Place", "Gloria" and "704 Hauser". He is the son of Gloria Stivic and Michael Stivic. Joey is the grandson of Archie Bunker and Edith Bunker. In "All in the Family", Archie secretly baptized Joey without his parents knowing. Joey lives with his mother after Michael left them in "Gloria". He is played by Christian Jacobs in "Gloria". Joey is played by Casey Siemaszko in "704 Hauser" when he stops by to visit the old house he grew up in. This was the last time Joey Stivic would be seen.

Afsar Asadi

Afsar Asadi (; born 16 January 1958) is an Iranian actress and make-up artist.



Amir (name)

Amir (also spelled Ameer or Emir; ; ) is a multinational and multilingual masculine name. The pronunciation of the name is / (əˈmɪə) /. 

In the United States, the number of births with the name Amir in 2021 is 3006, which is 0.162% of the total number of births to males in 2021.

The name comes from the same root as the word Emir. In Hebrew the name may mean crown. 



Fuka Nagano

Nagano was born in Edogawa, Tokyo on March 9, 1999. In 2014, she joined Urawa Reds from their youth team. She played 23 matches until 2017. In 2018, she moved to South Korean club Incheon Hyundai Steel Red Angels. In 2019, she returned to Japan and joined division 2 club Chifure AS Elfen Saitama. In 2021, she moved to Mynavi Sendai.

In 2014, when Nagano was 15 years old, she was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2014 U-17 World Cup. She played 5 matches and Japan won the champions. In 2016, she played at 2016 U-17 World Cup again. Japan won the 2nd place. She played all 6 matches and was selected Golden Ball award. In 2018, she was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2018 U-20 World Cup. She played all 6 matches and scored a goal at the final. Japan won the champions.

On November 11, 2018, Nagano debuted for the Japan national team against Norway.

Incheon Hyundai Steel Red Angels

Japan U17
Japan U20
Japan




Hinata Miyazawa

Miyazawa was born in Minamiashigara on November 28, 1999. After graduating from Seisa Kokusai High School, she joined Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") in 2018. She was selected Best Young Player Award in 2018 season. In 2021, she moved to Mynavi Sendai.

In September 2016, Miyazawa was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2016 U-17 World Cup. She played at all 6 matches and Japan won the 2nd place. In August 2018, she was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2018 U-20 World Cup. She played at all 6 matches. At final against Spain, she scored an opening goal and Japan won the championship.

November 11, 2018, she debuted for the Japan national team against Norway.

Miyazawa was the top scorer with five goals at the FIFA Women's World Cup in 2023.

Tokyo Verdy Beleza

Japan U20


Japan


Individual


Rikako Kobayashi

Kobayashi was born in Kobe on July 21, 1997. After graduating from Tokiwagi Gakuen High School, she joined Nadeshiko League club Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") in 2016. However she could not play in first 2 seasons due to injury. She debuted in 2018 season.

In 2013, Kobayashi was selected the Japan U-16 national team for 2013 AFC U-16 Championship. She scored 7 goals and became a top scorer. Japan team also won the championship. In 2014, Kobayashi was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2014 U-17 World Cup. She played at 5 matches and scored 2 goals, and Japan won the championship.

In 2015, Kobayashi was selected the Japan U-19 national team for 2015 AFC U-19 Championship. Japan won the championship and she was selected Best players award. Although Japan qualified for the 2016 U-20 World Cup, she was not selected Japan team for the tournament due to injury.

In February 2019, Kobayashi was selected the Japan national team for SheBelieves Cup. At this tournament, on February 27, she debuted against United States.


Jun Endo

Endo was born in Shirakawa on May 24, 2000. In 2018, she joined Nadeshiko League club Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") from JFA Academy Fukushima.

In 2016, Endo was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2016 U-17 World Cup. She played in four matches and scored three goals, and Japan won second place. In 2018, Endo was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2018 U-20 World Cup. She played at all six matches and scored two goals, and Japan won the championship.

In February 2019, Endo was selected for the Japan national team for the SheBelieves Cup. At this tournament, on February 27, she played for the first time against the United States. In 2019, she was selected the Japan for 2019 World Cup.

Tokyo Verdy Beleza


Japan U20


Japan



Moeka Minami

Minami was born in Yoshikawa on December 7, 1998. She was promoted to Nadeshiko League club Urawa Reds from their youth team in 2017. She was selected Best Eleven in 2019 and 2020.

In 2014, Minami was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2014 U-17 World Cup. She played 1 game against Paraguay in group stage and Japan won the championship. In 2018, Minami was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2018 U-20 World Cup. She played in full-time in all 6 matches as center back and Japan team captain. Japan won the championship and she was also selected Bronze Ball awards.

In February 2019, Minami was selected the Japan national team for SheBelieves Cup. At this tournament, on March 2, she debuted as center back against Brazil. In 2019, she was selected the Japan for 2019 World Cup.


Asato Miyagawa

Miyagawa was born in Yokohama on February 24, 1998. She was promoted to Nadeshiko League club Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") from their youth team in 2016.

In 2014, Miyagawa was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2014 U-17 World Cup. She played in all 6 matches and scored 2 goals, and Japan won the championship. In 2016, Miyagawa was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2016 U-20 World Cup. She played in 4 matches and Japan won the 3rd place. In 2018, Miyagawa was selected the U-20 Japan for 2018 U-20 World Cup second time. She played in all 6 matches and Japan won the championship.

In February 2019, Miyagawa was selected the Japan national team for SheBelieves Cup. At this tournament, on March 2, she debuted as right side back against Brazil. In 2019, she was selected the Japan for 2019 World Cup.


Mayu Ikejiri

Ikejiri was born in Arao on December 19, 1996. In 2018, she was a Kibi International University student, she played for Okayama Yunogo Belle. After graduating from Kibi International University, she joined South Korean club Suwon UDC WFC in 2019. In 2020, she returned to Japan and signed with Mynavi Vegalta Sendai (later "Mynavi Sendai").

In February 2019, Ikejiri was selected for the Japan national team for the SheBelieves Cup. She first played in this tournament on February 27, as a defensive midfielder against the United States.


Arisa Matsubara

Matsubara was born in Otaru on May 1, 1995. After graduating from Waseda University, she joined Nadeshiko League club Nojima Stella Kanagawa Sagamihara in 2018.

In September 2012, Matsubara was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2012 U-17 World Cup. She played at 2 matches. In February 2019, Matsubara was selected the Japan national team for SheBelieves Cup. At this tournament, on February 27, she debuted as defensive midfielder against United States. She played 4 matches and scored one goal for Japan in 2019.


Risako Oga

Oga was born in Tokyo Metropolis on January 4, 1997. After graduating from Nippon Sport Science University, she joined Nadeshiko League club Nojima Stella Kanagawa Sagamihara in 2019.

In February 2019, Oga was selected the Japan national team for SheBelieves Cup. At this tournament, on February 27, she debuted against United States. She played 3 matches for Japan in 2019


Tito and Me

Tito and Me is a 1992 Serbian comedy movie directed by Goran Marković and starring Dimitrije Vojnov, Olja Bećković, Voja Brajović, Miki Manojlović, Anica Dobra, Lazar Ristovski. It was distributed by Kino International.

Riko Ueki

Ueki was born in Kawasaki on July 30, 1999. She joined Nadeshiko League club Nippon TV Beleza (later "Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza") from their youth team in 2016. She became a regular player as forward from 2017 season.

In 2016, Ueki was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2016 U-17 World Cup. She played at 5 matches and scored 4 goals, and Japan won the 2nd place. In 2018, Ueki was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2018 U-20 World Cup. She played at all 6 matches and scored 5 goals, and Japan won the championship.

On April 4, 2019, Ueki debuted for Japan national team against France.


Saori Takarada

Takarada was born in Tateyema on December 27, 1999. In 2013, Takarada joined Nadeshiko League club Cerezo Osaka Sakai. She played 143 matches and scored 56 goals until 2020. In 2021, she signed with Washington Spirit.

In 2016, Takarada was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2016 U-17 World Cup. She played at 5 matches and scored 2 goals, and Japan won the 2nd place. In 2018, Takarada was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2018 U-20 World Cup. She played at all 6 matches and scored 5 goals including a goal against Spain at the final, and Japan won the championship. She was also selected Silver Ball and Bronze Boot awards.

In May 2019, Takarada was selected the Japan national team for 2019 World Cup instead of Riko Ueki withdraw due to injury. At this tournament, on 10 June, she debuted against Argentina. She played 3 matches for Japan in 2019.


Cultural nationalism

Cultural nationalism is a form of nationalism in which the nation is defined by a shared culture. Therefore, it focuses on a national identity shaped by cultural traditions, but not on the concepts of common ancestry or race.

Trapeze

A trapeze is a short horizontal bar hung by ropes or metal straps from a support. It is an aerial apparatus commonly found in circus performances. Trapeze acts may be static, spinning, swinging or flying, and may be performed solo, double, triple or as a group act.

Haustorium

A haustorium (plural: "haustoria") is a term in botany. It is a root-like structure which attaches to a tree or other plant host. Fungi and parasitic plants like mistletoe use haustoria to get nutrients from hosts.

Contrast with the term epiphyte, which means "living on". Many other plants live on large trees, but only a few have hausteria.

Kiko Seike

Seike was born in Tokyo Metropolis on August 8, 1996. In 2014, she joined Nadeshiko League club Urawa Reds from their youth team. In 2015, she was selected Best Young Player Award.

In December 2019, Seike was selected by the Japan national team for the EAFF E-1 Championship. At this tournament, she debuted and scored a goal against Chinese Taipei on December 11.


Khoirentak tiger

The Khoirentak tiger () was a vicious monster in Meitei mythology that lived in Khoirentak a kom village. It was eventually killed by Khuman Khamba.
The tiger caused havoc to the people of the Khoirentak in Ancient Moirang, thereby becoming the ""man eater"" of the region. Finally, Khuman Khamba and Nongban were ordered by the king, to catch the beast. In the first encounter, Nongban was killed by the tiger and at the final meet, Khuman Khamba successfully captured and killed it. Finally, when he brought it to the capital city of Ancient Moirang, Thoibi was given to him, hand in marriage.

Hana Takahashi

Takahashi was born in Kawaguchi on February 19, 2000. In 2018, She joined Nadeshiko League club Urawa Reds.

In 2016, Takahashi was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2016 U-17 World Cup. She played as forward at 4 matches and scored 3 goals including 2 goals at semifinal. Japan won the 2nd place. In 2018, Takarada was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2018 U-20 World Cup. She played as center back in full-time in all 6 matches and Japan won the championship.

On October 16, 2019, Takahashi debuted for the Japan national team against Canada.


Ethan Rains

Ethan Rains (born 19 February 1981 in Tehran) is an Iranian-American actor.

Majid Habibi

Majid Habibi (born 30 December 1981) is an Iranian voice actor.

From a very early age, he showed an interest in learning martial arts such as Judo, Kyokushin, Pro Wrestling, and Wado-Ryu Karate. And then as a young adult, he started to practice Wushu by the famous coaches, Mohammad PourGholami and Masoud Jafari. Due to strong desire for this martial art, he kept on practicing for years and achieved considerable success and became champion and vice-champion in 2000 and 2001 in the state championship. He was also considered as a coach and judge.

Akari Kurishima

Kurishima was born in Chiba Prefecture on September 14, 1994. In 2011, she joined Nadeshiko League club Urawa Reds from their youth team.

In December 2019, Kurishima was selected the Japan national team for EAFF E-1 Championship. At this tournament, on December 11, she debuted against Chinese Taipei.


Honoka Hayashi

Hayashi was born in Uji on May 19, 1998. She joined Nadeshiko League club Cerezo Osaka Sakai in 2013. She played 150 matches and scored 36 goals until 2020. In 2021, she moved to Swedish club AIK.

In 2016, Hayashi was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2016 U-20 World Cup. She played 2 matches and scored one goal. Japan won the 3rd place. In 2018, she played at 2018 U-20 World Cup again. She played all 6 matches and scored a goal at first match against United States. Japan won the champions.

In December 2019, Hayashi was selected the Japan national team for EAFF E-1 Championship. At this tournament, on December 11, she debuted against Chinese Taipei.


Britain (place name)

The name Britain is very old. The name comes from the ancient Romans' name for the ancient Britons (). The English language word comes from . It can mean Great Britain, the British Isles, or the British state – the United Kingdom.

The Romans started using this name after learning it from the ancient Greeks in the Hellenistic period. The Greeks gave the people of Britain the name in and used as the place name .

The Greek name for the people of Britain was also written as , and as . This name may itself have come from one of the Brythonic languages of ancient Britain. The Greek name is like the word for Britain in the , which comes from the .

There may be a connection between the Greeks' and Romans' name and the Celtic languages. However, it may be that the word comes from one of the languages of the Mediterranean Basin. It could mean "tin". Britain's greatest export in the distant past was tin. Words in ancient Egyptian languages have similarities with the Ancient Greek and Latin names. It is also possible that the word for "tin" in these languages itself came from the name of Britain or its people.

Britannia was the common Latin name for the island of Great Britain starting in the 1st century BC. Britannia replaced the name Albion as the Romans' common name for the island. After the Romans overcame the ancient Britons in war in 43 AD, Britannia could mean just the southern two thirds of the island which was under Roman control. (Caledonia, north of the River Forth in modern Scotland, was only sometimes controlled by the Roman army.)

The writings of the Roman cartographer Ptolemy used the name "Great Britain" for the island in the 2nd century AD. He used the name "Megale Britannia" or "Great Britain" () to show the difference between this larger island and Ireland. For Ireland, Ptolemy used the name "Mikra Britannia" or "Little Britain" ().

The word was used in the Old English language to mean Great Britain. After the time of the Anglo-Saxons, the name Britain was most used in history writing. In the early 16th century however, the name became more common in English for political reasons.


Hitoshi Sasaki

Hitoshi Sasaki can mean:

Bokermann's Tarauaca tree frog

Bokermann's Tarauaca tree frog ("Dendropsophus bokermanni") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Brazil. Scientists have seen it as high as 800 meters above sea level.

This frog comes in different colors, including yellow and bronze. It has stripes and other marks on its back. The adult male frog is 20.0 to 22.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 20.4 to 25.6 mm long.

This frog is named after Werner Carlos Augusto Bokermann, an amphibian scientist from Brazil.

Ahmadu Bello University

Ahmadu Bello University known as (ABU) is a public research university in Kaduna, Zaria, Nigeria. It was founded on 4 October 1962.

Candle in the Wind 1997

"Candle in the Wind 1997" is a song rewritten by Elton John and Bernie Taupin. The song was rewritten to commemorate Diana, Princess of Wales who died after a fatal car crash. The song was performed at Diana's funeral and was only sung one more time officially by Elton John a few months later so it could be sold. All proceeds from the album sales went towards charity and it became the second most sold single album with 33 million copies sold.

Kevin Seal

Kevin Seal (born June 22, 1957) is an American actor, voice artist, musician, improvisational comedian, and television presenter.

Seal was an MTV VJ in the early 1980s, the host of the pilot of "Club MTV" (according to an MTV special) and one of the hosts of the alternative-music program "120 Minutes", which started in 1981. After leaving the program, he hosted MTV's "Headbangers Ball" from 1981 to 1982 and "" for which he won a Cable Ace Award in 1984. Since leaving MTV, he made occasional TV and movie appearances, including a starring role in the 1986 interactive cinema film "I'm Your Man". In 1999, he was the voice for both the lead character and primary antagonist in the Cartoon Network series "Sheep in the Big City". Seal was also the host for the pilot episode of the Nickelodeon game show, "Figure it Out" in 1990 before Summer Sanders took over as the series host when the show officially started a year later. After going to school for industrial design, he began designing and building furniture.

Seal lives in Seattle. He was married to director Lynn Shelton. He does voiceover work and is a stay-at-home dad to his son.

Checking In

Checking In is an American television sitcom show and a spin-off to "The Jeffersons" that aired for four episodes on CBS from April 9 to April 30, 1981. The show was about the Jeffersons maid, Florence Johnston taking a new job as the leader of the housekeepers at a St. Frederick Hotel in New York City. The show follows Florence on her adventures with her other workers, Lyle Block, her annoying manager; Elena Beltran, her helper; Earl Bellamy, the house detective who cannot do his job; Hank Sabatino, the crazy handyman; Betty, the floor supervisor; Dennis, the bellboy; and Mr. Claymore, the hotel owner. 


"Checking In" was first on CBS on April 9, 1981, and lasted for only four episodes in the Thursday, 8:00 p.m. EST time. The show had low ratings, and was cancelled, with the final episode airing on April 30, 1981. Gibbs then returned to her regular role on "The Jeffersons" and it was said that the St. Frederick Hotel had burned down.

"Checking In" was the first "All in the Family" spin-off show that did not do good, which was different from "The Jeffersons", "Maude" and Maude spin-off "Good Times". More tries to do spin-offs after "Checking In" were also not good like ("Gloria" in the 1982-1983 season and "704 Hauser" in 1994).


Treehouse of Horror XIV

"Treehouse of Horror XIV" is the first episode of "The Simpsons"s 15th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on November 2, 2003. It is the 14th episode of the "Treehouse of Horror" series. The episode was written by John Swartzwelder. Steven Dean Moore is the director of the episode. Jerry Lewis, Dudley Herschbach, Jennifer Garner, and Oscar De La Hoya are guest stars in the episode.

The episode has three stories: "Reaper Madness", "Frinkenstein", and "Stop the World, I Want to Goof Off". In the first story, Homer Simpson becomes the Grim Reaper. In the second story, Professor Frink makes his dead father look like Frankenstein's monster. In the third story, Bart and Milhouse stop time using a watch. About 16.22 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast. "Treehouse of Horror XIV" was nominated for an Emmy Award in 2004.


George Jefferson

George Jefferson is a fictional character played by Sherman Hemsley on the American television sitcoms "All in the Family" (from 1973 until 1975) and its spin-off "The Jeffersons" (1975–1985). He was on every episode of "The Jeffersons". George, his wife, Louise Jefferson and their son Lionel Jefferson were neighbors with Archie Bunker and his family. George and Archie argued every time they talked to each other. George and his family move to an apartment on the East Side of Manhattan.

We shall fight on the beaches

"We shall fight on the beaches" is a speech by the British Prime Minister Winston Churchill to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom on 4 June 1940. This was the second of three major speeches given during the Battle of France. The others are the "Blood, toil, tears and sweat" speech of 13 May and the "This was their finest hour" speech of 18 June. 

In this speech, Churchill had to describe a great military disaster, and warn of a possible invasion attempt by Nazi Germany, without saying that the British might not have a victory. 

It is thought to be one of the best speeches made by Churchill or any other British prime minister.

Darkest Hour (movie)

Darkest Hour is a 2017 war drama movie directed by Joe Wright and written by Anthony McCarten. It is set in May 1940. It stars Gary Oldman as Winston Churchill. It is about Churchill's early days as prime minister during the Second World War. The movie also stars Kristin Scott Thomas, Lily James, Ben Mendelsohn, Stephen Dillane, and Ronald Pickup.

It began a limited release in the United States on 22 November 2017, followed by general release on 22 December, and was released on 12 January 2018 in the United Kingdom. It had strong positive reviews.

Oldman won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Churchill. At the 90th Academy Awards, the movie earned six nominations, including Best Picture, and won for Best Actor and Best Makeup and Hairstyling.

Ronald Pickup

Ronald Alfred Pickup (7 June 1940 – 24 February 2021) was an English actor. His career began in 1964. He was born in Chester, Cheshire. His best known roles were as Hontar in "The Mission" (1986), Norman Cousins in "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" (2011) and as Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain in "Darkest Hour" (2017).

Pickup died on 24 February 2021 from a long-illness, aged 80.

The Mission (1986 movie)

The Mission is a 1986 British drama movie about the Jesuit missionaries and native Americans in 1750s South America on the border of the Portuguese colony of Brazil and the Spanish colony of Paraguay. It is directed by Roland Joffé and written by Robert Bolt. The movie stars Robert De Niro, Jeremy Irons, Ray McAnally, Aidan Quinn, Cherie Lunghi, Ronald Pickup and Liam Neeson. The now famous Academy Award–nominated music was composed by Ennio Morricone.


N'Singa Udjuu

Joseph N'Singa Udjuu Ongwabeki Untubwe (29 September 1934 – 24 February 2021) was a Congolese politician. He was the First State Commissioner of Zaire from 23 April 1981 to 5 November 1982. From 1966 to 1969, he also served as Minister of Justice.

Saint-Eusèbe-en-Champsaur

Saint-Eusèbe-en-Champsaur is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Aubessagne.

Vallouise

Vallouise is a former commune in the Hautes-Alpes department. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Vallouise-Pelvoux.

Alan Robert Murray

Alan Robert Murray (1954/1955 – February 24, 2021) was an American sound editor. Murray was nominated for ten Academy Awards, which he won two for Best Sound Editing for his work on "Letters from Iwo Jima" (2005) and "American Sniper" (2014). 

Murray died on February 24, 2021, at age 66.

Saint-Firmin, Hautes-Alpes

Saint-Firmin is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Saint-Jacques-en-Valgodemard

Saint-Jacques-en-Valgodemard is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Saint-Jean-Saint-Nicolas

Saint-Jean-Saint-Nicolas is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Saint-Julien-en-Beauchêne

Saint-Julien-en-Beauchêne is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Saint-Léger-les-Mélèzes

Saint-Léger-les-Mélèzes is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

My Mother the Carjacker

"My Mother the Carjacker" is the 2nd episode of "The Simpsons"s 15th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on November 9, 2003. In the episode, Homer Simpson gets a message that tells him to go somewhere important. He goes there and learns that his mother wanted him to meet with her. The episode was written by Michael Price. Nancy Kruse is the director of the episode. Glenn Close is a guest star in the episode as Homer's mother (Mona Simpson). About 12.4 milion people watched the episode when it was first broadcast. "My Mother the Carjacker" was nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award.


Saint-Martin-de-Queyrières

Saint-Martin-de-Queyrières is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Saint-Maurice-en-Valgodemard

Saint-Maurice-en-Valgodemard is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Saint-Michel-de-Chaillol

Saint-Michel-de-Chaillol is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Saint-Pierre-Avez

Saint-Pierre-Avez is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Cangas del Narcea

Cangas del Narcea is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Caravia

Caravia is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Carreño

Carreño is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Caso, Asturias

Caso () is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Castrillón

Castrillón is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Castropol

Castropol is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Coaña

Coaña () is a municipality in Asturias, Spain.

Arblade-le-Bas

Arblade-le-Bas is a commune in the Gers department. It can be found in the southwestern part of France.


Saint-Pierre-d'Argençon

Saint-Pierre-d'Argençon is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Setúbal District

The District of Setúbal ( ) is district in south-west Portugal. The capital of the district is the city of Setúbal.

It is composed of 13 municipalities, spread over two sub regions:



D'Urville Martin

D'Urville Martin (February 11, 1939 – May 28, 1984) was an American actor and movie director in both movies and television programs. He appeared in many 1970s blaxploitation movies. He was also in two pilot episodes of what would become "All in the Family" as Lionel Jefferson. They were not put on television. Martin died on May 28, 1984.

University of Ibadan

University of Ibadan is a public university in Ibadan, Nigeria. It was founded in 1948.

The university owned 17 faculties and 92 departments. It got its independency in 1963.

Ayong Maliksi

Erineo "Ayong" Saquilayan Maliksi (March 25, 1938 – February 24, 2021) was a Filipino politician. Maliksi was a member of the Partido Magdalo. He was born in Imus, Cavite. From 2001 to 2010, he was Governor of Cavite. Maliksi was a member of the House of Representatives from 1998 to 2001 and again from 2010 to 2013.

Maliksi died on February 24, 2021 in Imus at the age of 82.

2021 Armenian coup d'état attempt

The 2021 Armenian coup d'état attempt is an ongoing military coup attempt in Armenia by the Armed Forces of Armenia led by the Chief of the General Staff of the Armenian Armed Forces Onik Gasparyan against the Armenian Government led by prime minister Nikol Pashinyan.

On 25 February 2021, Armenian Chief of the General Staff of the Armenian Armed Forces Onik Gasparyan said in a statement signed by 40 top officers that Pashinyan and the government calling on the government to resign. 

COVAX

COVID-19 Vaccines Global Access, abbreviated as COVAX, is a global program that helps give COVID-19 vaccines to people living in poor countries led by Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, the World Health Organization (WHO), the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI), and others.

By 15 July 2020, 165 countries – representing 60% of the human population – had joined COVAX.

Knock it down!

Knock it down! is a 1991 Hungarian comedy movie directed by Péter Tímár and starring Pap Vera, Sándor Gáspár, Károly Eperjas, Eszenyi Enikő, Róbert Koltai, Mari Töröcsik, Jenő Kiss.

D. Pandian

David Pandian (25 September 1932 – 26 February 2021) was an Indian Communist politician. He was born in Usilampatti, Tamil Nadu. From 1989 to 1996, he was a member of the Lok Sabha.

Pandian died on 26 February 2021 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu from sepsis-related problems, aged 88.

Ton Thie

Ton Thie (28 October 1944 – 25 February 2021) was a Dutch professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper for Excelsior, Hermes DVS, ADO Den Haag, the San Francisco Golden Gate Gales, and GC & FC Olympia. He was born in The Hague, Netherlands. His career lasted from 1962 to 1979.

Thie died on 25 February 2021 in Gambia, aged 76.

Muriel Marland-Militello

Muriel Marland-Militello (30 July 1943 – 25 February 2021) was a French politician. She was a member of the National Assembly of France from 2002 to 2012. Marland-Militello was born in Nice, France.

Marland-Militello died on 25 February 2021 in Nice, aged 77.

Sound Eroticism

Sound Eroticism () is a 1986 Hungarian comedy movie directed by Péter Tímár and starring Ádám Rajhona, Róbert Koltai, Péter Haumann, Judit Németh.

Appointment in Berlin

Appointment in Berlin, also known as Assignment in Berlin, is a 1943 American World War II drama movie directed by Alfred E. Green and starring George Sanders, Marguerite Chapman, Onslow Stevens, Gale Sondergaard, Gilbert Emery, Lester Matthews, Alan Napier, Don Douglas. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Time Crisis 5

Namco Bandai was also released Time Crisis 5: True Mastermind, and then on sale August at the same year. Including extra three bonus stage, and there are total 6 stages.

Saint-Véran

Saint-Véran is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Saléon

Saléon is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Salérans

Salérans is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

La Salle-les-Alpes

La Salle-les-Alpes is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

La Saulce

La Saulce is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Butner, North Carolina

Butner is a town in Granville County, North Carolina, United States. 8,397 people lived here in the 2020 US census.

Le Sauze-du-Lac

Le Sauze-du-Lac is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Oxford, North Carolina

Oxford is a city in Granville County, North Carolina, United States. 8,628 people lived here as of the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Granville County.

Khatia Dekanoidze

Khatia Dekanoidze (, ; born 20 January 1977) is a Georgian government official and politician. 

Shee was graduated from Tbilisi State University with a International Relations degree in 1999. She has received further training under the aegis of the Central European University and the RAND Corporation in from 1990s to 2000s. She has been working for government agencies of Georgia from 1999. She was Director of Policy Academy of the Ministry of Internal Affairs from May 2007 to May 2012. She was Director of National Examination Center from May 2012 to July 2012. She was appointed Minister of Education and Science, succeeding Dimitri Shashkin. She remained in this position until 25 October 2012.

On 4 November 2015 She was become Chief of Ukrainian National Police. She resigned from this post on 14 November 2016. On 16 November 2016 she was officially dismissed by the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine. Dekanoidze complained that her powers were “not enough for dramatic changes” and that the pressure of her position by government officials and members of parliament was too great.

Savines-le-Lac

Savines-le-Lac is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.

Serres, Hautes-Alpes

Serres is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Peter Gotti

Peter Arthur Gotti (October 15, 1939 – February 25, 2021) was an American mobster. He was the boss of the Gambino crime family and the older brother of former Gambino boss John Gotti. Gotti was born in the Bronx, New York City. In March 2003, Gotti was convicted of extortion, money laundering and racketeering activities. In 2004, he was sentenced to nine years in jail. The next year, he was sentenced another twenty-five years. 

On February 25, 2021, Gotti died at the Federal Correctional Complex in Butner, North Carolina, at the age of 81.

Sigottier

Sigottier is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Sorbiers, Hautes-Alpes

Sorbiers is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in France.

John Geddert

John Gerald Geddert (December 21, 1957 – February 25, 2021) was an American gymnastics coach. He coached Olympic champion Jordyn Wieber and was a head coach for the London 2012 US Olympic Gymnastics Team. He worked with sex offender Larry Nassar. He was born in Michigan.

Geddert was charged with physical, psychological and sexual abuse. One day after USA Gymnastics announced suspension of Geddert's membership pending investigation into the abuse allegations, Geddert retired from coaching.

On February 25, 2021, Geddert shot himself at a rest area off Interstate 96 in Grand Ledge, Michigan, just hours after he had been charged with 24 felony crimes. He was 63 years old.

Grand Ledge, Michigan

Grand Ledge is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. The city is mostly within Eaton County, though a small portion is also in Clinton County to the north. 7,784 people lived here at the 2020 census. 

Ivy Bottini

Ivy Bottini (August 15, 1926 – February 25, 2021) was an American activist. She supported women's rights and LGBT rights. She also was a visual artist. She was born in New York City. In 1966, she helped found the New York chapter of the National Organization for Women.

Her memoir, "The Liberation of Ivy Bottini: A Memoir of Love and Activism", as told to Judith V. Branzburg, was published by Bedazzled Ink Publishing Company in November, 2018.

Bottini died in Florida on February 25, 2021 at the age of 94.

Trescléoux

Trescléoux is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Philippe Jaccottet

Philippe Jaccottet (; 30 June 1925 – 24 February 2021) was a Swiss Francophone poet and translator. He was born in Moudon, Switzerland. 

He translated the writings of Goethe, Hölderlin, Mann, Mandelstam, Góngora, Leopardi, Musil, Rilke, Homer and Ungaretti.

In 2014, Jaccottet became the fifteenth living author to be published in the prestigious "Bibliothèque de la Pléiade". 

Jaccottet died in Grignan, France, on 24 February 2021 at the age of 95.

Val-des-Prés

Val-des-Prés is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Gary Halpin

Gary Halpin (14 February 1966 – 23 February 2021) was an Irish rugby union international player. He played as a prop for Wanderers F.C., Leinster, London Irish, Harlequins and the Irish national rugby union team. He was born in Dublin.

Halpin died on 23 February 2021 in Dublin, aged 55.

Valserres

Valserres is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Les Vigneaux

Les Vigneaux is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Villar-d'Arêne

Villar-d'Arêne is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Bulantrisna Djelantik

Ayu Bulantrisna Djelantik (8 September 1947 – 24 February 2021) was a Dutch-born Indonesian traditional Balinese dancer. She was an ENT specialist and a lecturer at the faculty of medicine at Padjadjaran University. 

Bulantrisna died on 24 February 2021 of pancreatic cancer at the age of 73.

Villar-Loubière

Villar-Loubière is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Villar-Saint-Pancrace

Villar-Saint-Pancrace is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department.

Antonio Catricalà

Antonio Catricalà (7 February 1952 – 24 February 2021) was an Italian public manager, politician, professor, lawyer, and magistrate. He was born in Catanzaro, Italy. From 2011 to 2013, he was Secretary of the Council of Ministers during the Mario Monti cabinet.

Catricalà died on 24 February 2021 at his Rome apartment after shooting himself, aged 69.

Hannie Bruinsma-Kleijwegt

Johanna "Hannie" Bruinsma-Kleijwegt (14 July 1936 – 21 February 2021) was a Dutch politician. She was a member of the Labour Party. 

She was a member of the municipal council of East-Dongeradiel, of the provincial council of Friesland, and a Friesland provincial executive.

She was mayor of Zaanstad from 1992 until 1996.

Bruinsma-Kleijwegt was born in Nij Beets and died in Drachten at the age of 84.

Heinz Hermann Thiele

Heinz Hermann Thiele (2 April 1941 – 23 February 2021) was a German businessman. He was the chairman of Knorr-Bremse AG and Vossloh. At the time of his death, he was also the largest shareholder in the German carrier Lufthansa AG.

With a net worth of $20.2 billion, he was the fourth richest person in Germany at the time of his death.

Thiele died on 23 February 2021 in Munich at age 79.

Néstor Mario Rapanelli

Néstor Mario Rapanelli (April 23, 1929 – February 23, 2021) was an Argentine economist, businessman and politician. He was Minister of Economy in 1989. Rapanelli was born in Buenos Aires. A businessman, he chaired Bunge & Born.

Rapanelli died on February 23, 2021 in Buenos Aires, aged 91.

Wolfango Montanari

Wolfango Montanari (16 May 1931 – 23 February 2021) was an Italian sprinter. He was born in Terni, Italy. He won five medals at the International athletics competitions. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, he has 14 caps in national team from 1951 to 1957.

Montanari died on 23 February 2021 in Terni, aged 89.

Margaret Maron

Margaret Maron ("née" Brown; August 25, 1938 – February 23, 2021) was an American writer. She was known for writing many mystery novels. Maron was born in Greensboro, North Carolina. She was known for her "Sigrid Harald" and "Deborah Knott" series. 

Maron died on February 23, 2021 in Raleigh, North Carolina from problems caused by a stroke, aged 82.

Yves Martin

Yves Martin (22 November 1929 – 23 February 2021) was a Canadian sociologist. He was the rector at the Université de Sherbrooke and was one of the founders of the Institut de recherche Robert-Sauvé en santé et en sécurité du travail.

Martin died on 23 February 2021 at the age of 91.

Tormod Knutsen

Tormod Kåre Knutsen (7 January 1932 – 23 February 2021) was a Norwegian Nordic combined skier. He won the Nordic combined event at the 1964 Winter Olympics, and came second at the 1960 Winter Olympics. He won four national championships, and in 1960. Knutsen was born in Eidsvoll, Norway. 

Knutsen died in Eidsvoll on 23 February 2021, aged 89.

Othman Kechrid

Othman Kechrid () (26 June 1920 – 23 February 2021) was a Tunisian politician. He was born in Kairouan, French Tunisia. From 1979 until 1980, he was the Minister of the Interior.

Kechrid died on 23 February 2021 in Tunis, aged 100.

Abdul Qadir Djaelani

Abdul Qadir Djaelani (20 October 1938 – 23 February 2021) was an Indonesian Islamic preacher, writer, activist, and politician. He was a Member of Parliament from 2000 until 2004. He was a member of the Crescent Star Party.

Djaelani died on 23 February 2021 in Jakarta, aged 82.

Jos Waals

Jos Waals (21 October 1943 – 22 February 2021) was a Dutch politician. He was member of the Christian Democratic Appeal. He was mayor of Nootdorp from 1980 until 1991 and of Venray from 1991 until 2010. He was born in Dreumel, Netherlands.

Waals died on 22 February 2021 in Venray, aged 77.

A Sip of Love

A Sip of Love () is a 1984 Turkish drama movie directed by Atıf Yılmaz and starring Kadir İnanır, Hale Soygazi, Macit Koper, Meral Çetinkaya.

Thomas Vinciguerra

Thomas Vinciguerra (October 8, 1963 – February 22, 2021) was an American journalist, editor, and author. He was a founding editor of "The Week" magazine. He published about popular culture in the "New York Times", as well as in "The Wall Street Journal", "The New Yorker" and "GQ".

Vinciguerra died on February 22, 2021 in Garden City, New York at the age of 57.

Garden City, New York

Garden City is an incorporated village in Nassau County, New York, United States, in the town of Hempstead.

As of the 2020 census, Garden City had 23,272 people living there.

Lamberto Leonardi

Lamberto Leonardi (8 August 1939 – 22 February 2021) was an Italian professional footballer and coach. He was born in Rome. He played as a midfielder. Leonardi's playing career lasted from 1958 until 1973. He later managed football clubs from 1974 until 2001. He played for Varese Calcio S.S.D. eighty-six times between 1966 until 1969. He also managed A.S.G. Nocerina.

Leonardi died on 22 February 2021 in Latina, Italy at the age of 81.

Aignan, Gers

Aignan is a commune in the Gers department. It can be found in the southwestern part of France.


Avessac

Avessac is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Jerzy Dietl

Jerzy Dietl (28 April 1927 – 23 February 2021) was a Polish economist and politician. He was a Senator from 1989 until 1991. He was a member of the Civic Parliamentary Club. Dietl was born in Inowrocław, Poland.

Dietl died on 23 February 2021 in Warsaw, aged 93.

Barbechat

Barbechat used to be a commune. It was in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it became part of the new commune, Divatte-sur-Loire.

Basse-Goulaine

Basse-Goulaine is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Batz-sur-Mer

Batz-sur-Mer is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

La Baule-Escoublac

La Baule-Escoublac is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Stan Williams (baseball)

Stanley Wilson Williams (September 14, 1936 – February 20, 2021) was an American baseball pitcher. He played 14 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played for the Los Angeles Dodgers, New York Yankees, Cleveland Indians, Minnesota Twins, St. Louis Cardinals and Boston Red Sox between 1958 and 1972. 

Williams died on February 20, 2021, at his home in Laughlin, Nevada from heart and respiratory failure, aged 84.

Belligné

Belligné is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Loireauxence.

Varades

Varades is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Loireauxence.

Enfield, New Hampshire

Enfield is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. 4,465 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Laughlin, Nevada

Laughlin is an unincorporated town and census-designated place in Clark County, Nevada, United States.

La Chapelle-Saint-Sauveur, Loire-Atlantique

La Chapelle-Saint-Sauveur is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Loireauxence.

La Rouxière

La Rouxière is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Loireauxence.

Douglas Turner Ward

Douglas Turner Ward (May 5, 1930February 20, 2021) was an American playwright, actor, director, and theatrical producer. He was known for being the founder of the Negro Ensemble Company (NEC). He was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play in 1974 for his role in "The River Niger", which he also directed.

Ward died on February 20, 2021 in New York City, aged 90.

ATM Shamsuzzaman

Abu Taher Mohammad Shamsuzzaman (known as ATM Shamsuzzaman; 10 September 1941 – 20 February 2021) was a Bangladeshi actor, director, screenwriter and playwright. He was known for his roles in "Madam Fuli" (1999), " Churiwala" (2001), "Mon Bosena Porar Table E" (2009) and "Chorabali" (2012). Shamsuzzaman was born in Noakhali District, Bengal Presidency. 

Shamsuzzaman died at his home in Dhaka on 20 February 2021 at the age of 79.

Chris Craft (racing driver)

Christopher Craft (17 November 1939 – 20 February 2021) was a British racing driver who competed in many different forms of motor sport.

Craft was born in Porthleven, Cornwall.

He began his career in 1962, with a Ford Anglia and became known as a leading saloon car racer. He moved to sports cars from 1968, with a Chevron and then joined forces with Alain de Cadenet to drive his Porsche 908 and McLaren M8C.

Craft died on 20 February 2021, aged 81.

La Bernerie-en-Retz

La Bernerie-en-Retz is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Besné

Besné is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Le Bignon

Le Bignon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Blain, Loire-Atlantique

Blain is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Henri Courtine

Henri Courtine (11 May 1930 – 20 February 2021) was a French judoka. He was born in Paris. He won a bronze medal at the 1956 World Judo Championships. He won a gold medal at the 1962 European Judo Championships.

Courtine died on 20 February 2021 in Paris, aged 90.

Bourgneuf-en-Retz

Bourgneuf-en-Retz is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Villeneuve-en-Retz.

Villeneuve-en-Retz

Villeneuve-en-Retz is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Bourgneuf-en-Retz (the seat) and Fresnay-en-Retz.

Mwasi Collective

Mwasi Collective is an Afro-feminist group. It was started in France in 2014. Mwasi participates in protests and does activism among black women in France. Its political beliefs are Pan-Africanist, feminist, and anti-capitalist. Mwasi has members from the Caribbean, Africa, and Europe.

Gerald Cardinale

Gerald Cardinale (February 27, 1934 – February 20, 2021) was an American Republican Party politician. He was a member of the New Jersey State Senate from 1982 until his death in 2021. Before, he was in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1980 until 1982. Cardinale was born in New York City.

Cardinale died on February 20, 2021 at a hospital in Westwood, New Jersey at the age of 86.

Fresnay-en-Retz

Fresnay-en-Retz is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Villeneuve-en-Retz.

La Boissière-du-Doré

La Boissière-du-Doré is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

I Gede Ardhika

I Gede Ardhika (15 February 1945 – 19 February 2021) was an Indonesian politician. He was the Minister for Culture and Tourism in Indonesia from 2000 to 2004 during the cabinets of Abdurahman Wahid and Megawati Soekarnoputri. Ardhika was born in West Java, Indonesia.

Ardhika died four days after his 76th birthday on 19 February 2021 in Jakarta.


Steven A. White

Steven Angelo White (September 18, 1928 – February 1, 2021) was an American four-star admiral who served in the United States Navy from 1948 until 1985. He was the 19th and last Chief of Naval Material.

White died on February 1, 2021 in Charlottesville, Virginia at the age of 92.

Jean-François Voguet

Jean-François Voguet (8 August 1949 – 2 February 2021) was a French politician. He was a member of the Senate of France, representing the Val-de-Marne department. He was a member of the Communist, Republican, and Citizen Group. 

Voguet died from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in France on 2 February 2021, aged 71.


Norbert Eimer

Norbert Eimer (19 March 1940 – 3 February 2021) was a German politician. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party (FDP). Eimer was a member of the Bundestag from 1976 to 1994. Eimer was born in Trautenau, Germany.

Eimer died on 3 February 2021 in Berlin at the age of 80.

Jessie Smith (singer)

Jessie Smith (1941 – February 4, 2021) was an American R&B singer. She began her career singing with musician Benny Sharp, recording as Little Miss Jessie. 

Smith was best known as one of the original Ikettes in the Ike & Tina Turner Revue. She later sang backing vocals for many artists, including Dr. John, Paul Williams, Al Kooper, José Feliciano, and Leon Ware.

Smith died on February 4, 2021.


Rajie Cook

Rajie Cook (July 6, 1930 – February 6, 2021), also known as Roger Cook, was an American graphic designer, artist, Palestinian peace activist, humanitarian and photographer.

Cook was born in Newark, New Jersey. He was president of Cook and Shanosky Associates, a graphic design firm he founded in 1967.

His graphic design and photography have been used by IBM, Container Corporation of America, Montgomery Ward, Bristol Myers Squibb, Black & Decker, Volvo, Subaru, AT&T, New York Times, Bell Atlantic, BASF and Lenox.

Cook died in Newtown, Pennsylvania on February 6, 2021 at the age of 90.

Newtown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania

Newtown is a borough in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 2,268 at the 2020 census. It is located just west of the Trenton, New Jersey metropolitan area.

Mirebeau

Mirebeau is a commune. It is found in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Vienne department in the west of France.

The D7, D7A, D15, D24, D72, D342 and D725 roads pass through the commune.

Edward W. Crosby

Edward Warren Crosby (November 4, 1932 – February 10, 2021), was an African-American professor at Kent State University (KSU). He created the Institute for African American Affairs and was the predecessor of the Department of Pan-African Studies and The Center of Pan-African Culture at KSU.

Crosby died on February 10, 2021 at the age of 88.

L. Desaix Anderson

L. Desaix Anderson (1936 – February 11, 2021) was an American politician and United States Foreign Service officer. His works focused in East Asian affairs. He was American Chargé d'Affaires ad interim to Vietnam from 1995 until 1997 during the Bill Clinton presidency. Anderson was born in Sumner, Mississippi.

Anderson died on February 11, 2021 at the age of 84.


Sumner, Mississippi

Sumner is a town in Tallahatchie County, Mississippi. 278 people lived here at the 2020 census. Sumner is one of the two county seats of Tallahatchie County. 

It is located on the west side of the county and the Tallahatchie River, which runs through the county north-south.

Xabier Agirre

Xabier Agirre López (8 April 1951 – 13 February 2021) was a Spanish administrator and politician. He was born in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain. He was a member of the Basque Nationalist Party. Agirre was a member of the Basque Parliament from 2004 until 2007 and again from 2012 until 2016. 

Agirre died in Pamplona, Spain on 13 February 2021, aged 69.

Nicola Tempesta

Nicola Tempesta (28 June 1935 – 20 February 2021) was an Italian judoka who competed at the 1964 and 1972 Olympics. He finished in sixth place in 1964 and was disqualified in 1972. Tempesta won more than 10 European medals, including two gold – in 1957 and 1961.

Tempesta died on 20 February 2021 in Naples at the age of 85.

Yuri Shvachkin

Yuri Petrovich Shvachkin (Russian: Ю́рий Петро́вич Швачкин; 15 November 1930 – 20 February 2021) was a Soviet and Russian chemist. He was a Professor of the Department of Chemistry of Natural Compounds, Faculty of Chemistry at Moscow State University. He was one of the first Soviet scientists who worked on the development of methods for the use of human insulin. Shvachkin was born in Moscow.

Shvachkin died in Moscow on 20 February 2021, aged 90.

Bonnœuvre

Bonnœuvre was a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Vallons-de-l'Erdre.

Leopold Lippens

Leopold Raymond Maurice François Marie Ghislain Lippens (20 October 1941 – 19 February 2021) was a Belgian politician. He was mayor of Knokke-Heist for over 40 years, between 1979 until his death in 2021.

Lippens died on 19 February 2021 in Knokke from leukaemia, aged 79.

Vritz

Vritz was a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Vallons-de-l'Erdre.

Saint-Mars-la-Jaille

Saint-Mars-la-Jaille was a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Vallons-de-l'Erdre.

Arturo Di Modica

Arturo Di Modica (January 26, 1941 – February 19, 2021) was an Italian-born American sculptor. He was known for his "Charging Bull" sculpture which he left outside the New York Stock Exchange on December 15, 1989, as his gift to the United States. Di Modica received the in 1999. Di Modica was born in Vittoria, Sicily.

Di Modica died on February 19, 2021 in Vittoria, aged 80. The cause of death was cancer.

Maumusson, Loire-Atlantique

Maumusson is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Vallons-de-l'Erdre.

Saint-Sulpice-des-Landes, Loire-Atlantique

Saint-Sulpice-des-Landes is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Vallons-de-l'Erdre.

Michel Bernard (politician)

Michel Bernard (3 November 1932 – 19 February 2021) was a French politician. He was born in La Villedieu, France. Bernard was a member of the National Assembly of France from 1986 until 1988.

Bernard died on 19 February 2021, aged 88.

Đorđe Balašević

Đorđe Balašević (; 11 May 1953 – 19 February 2021) was a Serbian and Yugoslav singer-songwriter and musician. He was born in Novi Sad, PR Serbia. His genres were folk, soft rock, pop and chanson. 

Balašević died on 19 February 2021 in Novi Sad from pneumonia caused by COVID-19, aged 67.



Freigné

Freigné is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. Before 1 January 2018, it was part of the Maine-et-Loire department. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Vallons-de-l'Erdre.

Bouaye

Bouaye is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Kristofer Schipper

Kristofer Marinus Schipper (23 October 1934 – 18 February 2021), also known as Rik Schipper and by his Chinese name Shi Zhouren (), was a Dutch sinologist. He was an emeritus professor of Oriental studies at Leiden University.

Schipper has worked as researcher for École française d'Extrême-Orient and later taught as directeur de recherche in History of Daoism studies at the École pratique des hautes études in Paris.


Bouée

Bouée is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Yehoshua Sagi

Yehoshua Sagi (; 27 September 1933 – 18 February 2021) was an Israeli intelligence officer and politician. He was director of the Military Intelligence Directorate from 1979 until 1983. He was a Knesset member of Likud from 1988 until 1992. Sagi was also mayor of Bat Yam from 1993 until 2003. Sagi was born in Jerusalem.

Sagi died on 18 February 2021 in Bat Yam, aged 87.


Juan Pizarro (baseball)

Juan Pizarro a.k.a. "Terín" (February 7, 1937 – February 18, 2021) was a Major League Baseball (MLB) pitcher. He played for 18 seasons on 9 teams, from 1957 through 1974. He was known for his career with the Chicago White Sox from 1961 until 1966.

Pizarro died on February 18, 2021 in Carolina, Puerto Rico from cancer at the age of 84.

Andrey Myagkov

Andrey Vasilyevich Myagkov (; (8 July 1938 – 18 February 2021) was a Soviet and Russian actor. He was best known for his roles movies directed by Eldar Ryazanov, such as "The Irony of Fate" (1975), "Office Romance" (1977), "The Garage" (1979) and "A Cruel Romance" (1984).

Myagkov died on 18 February 2021 at his Moscow apartment from heart failure, aged 82.

Adolf Mathis

Adolf Mathis (22 May 1938 – 19 February 2021) was a Swiss alpine skier. He competed at the 1960 Winter Olympics and the 1964 Winter Olympics. He was born in Wolfenschiessen, Switzerland.

Mathis died on 19 February 2021, aged 82.

Jan Mans

J. H. H. (Jan) Mans (9 April 1940 – 18 February 2021) was a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA). In 1982, he was named mayor of Meerssen. Six years later, in 1988 he became mayor in Kerkrade. From 1994 until 2005 he was mayor of Enschede. Mans was born in Heerlen, Netherlands.

Mans died on 18 February 2021 in Meerssen, Netherlands at the age of 80.

Sergo Karapetyan

Sergo Karapetyan (; 6 August 1948 – 18 February 2021) was an Armenian politician. He was Agriculture Minister between 2010 and 2016. 

On 18 February 2021, Karapetyan died from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Armenia at a hospital in Yerevan, aged 72.

Graeme English

Graeme English (25 September 1964 – 18 February 2021) was a Scottish wrestler. He competed in the men's freestyle 90 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born in Kilsyth, Scotland.

English died on 18 February 2021, aged 56.

Bouguenais

Bouguenais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Dendropsophus bogerti

Dendropsophus bogerti is a frog that lives in the Andes Mountains in Colombia.

Abdullahi Dikko

Abdullahi Dikko Inde MFR, OFR (11 May 1960 – 18 February 2021) was a Nigerian government official. He was the Comptroller-General of Nigerian Customs Service from August 2009 to August 2015.

Dikko died at an Abuja hospital on February 18, 2021 at the age of 60. 

Alan Curtis (British actor)

Alan Curtis (30 July 1930 – 18 February 2021) was an English actor and cricket announcer. He was born in Coulsdon, Surrey, England. His career lasted from 1956 until 2003. He appeared as Major Green in some "Doctor Who" episodes during the 1960s.

Curtis died on 18 February 2021 in London at the age of 90.


Vittore Bocchetta

Vittore Bocchetta (15 November 1918 – 18 February 2021) was an Italian sculptor, painter, and academic. Bocchetta was a member of the anti-fascist Italian resistance movement during World War II. He was born in Sassari, Sardinia. 

He was an instructor of Spanish at Saint Xavier College in Chicago and a lecturer in Italian at the University of Chicago. He was also an assistant professor of Spanish Literature at Loyola University Chicago.

Bocchetta died on 18 February 2021 aged 102 in Verona, Italy.


Jyrki Yrttiaho

Jyrki Valto Yrttiaho (4 May 1952 – 17 February 2021) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Finnish Parliament from 2007 until 2015. He was a member of the Left Alliance. Yrttiaho was born in Pelkosenniemi, Finland. Yrttiaho was a member of the Raisio City Council from 2004 until his death.

Yrttiaho died in Raisio on 17 February 2021, aged 68.

Gene Summers

David Eugene Summers (January 3, 1939 – February 17, 2021) was an American rock singer. He was known for his songs: "School of Rock 'n Roll", "Straight Skirt", "Nervous", "Gotta Lotta That", "Twixteen", "Alabama Shake", "Fancy Dan" and his biggest-selling single "Big Blue Diamonds". 

Summers was honored into the Rockabilly Hall of Fame in 1997.

Summers died in Dallas, Texas after falling at his home on February 17, 2021 at the age of 82.

Hamilton Township, Mercer County, New Jersey

Hamilton Township is a township in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States

Martha Stewart (actress)

Martha Ruth Stewart Shelley ( Haworth; October 7, 1922 – February 17, 2021), better known as Martha Stewart, was an American actress. She was known for playing Mildred Atkinson in "In a Lonely Place" (1950) with Humphrey Bogart.

Stewart died on February 17, 2021 at the age of 98.

Mike Renshaw

Michael Lawrence Renshaw (28 April 1948 – 17 February 2021) was an English-American football left winger. He was born in Manchester, England.

Renshaw began as a youth player with Blackpool before moving to the United States to join the Dallas Tornado of the North American Soccer League in 1968. He also spent time with Margate F.C. and Rhyl F.C. He made two appearances for the United States national football team in 1973.

Renshaw died on 17 February 2021 in Dallas, Texas at the age of 72.

John K. Rafferty

John K. "Jack" Rafferty (May 1, 1938 – February 17, 2021) was an American politician. He was the Mayor of Hamilton Township, New Jersey from 1976 to 1999. He also was a member of the New Jersey General Assembly from 1986 to 1988. He was a Republican. Rafferty was born in Trenton, New Jersey.

Rafferty died on February 17, 2021 in Hamilton Township at the age of 82.

Mushahid Ullah Khan

Mushahid Ullah Khan (Urdu:) (30 November 1952 – 18 February 2021) was a Pakistani politician. He was Minister for Climate Change from August 2017 to May 2018. He was a member of the Senate of Pakistan from March 2018 until his death. 

Mushahid died on 18 February 2021 after a long-illness, aged 68.

Hennie Kenkhuis

Hennie Kenkhuis (19 April 1952 – 17 February 2021) was a Dutch politician. He was alderman for GroenLinks / The Greens from October 2007 to April 2010 in the Dutch city of Zwolle. 

Kenkhuis was born in Zenderen (Borne) and died in Zwolle at the age of 68.

Raffaele Cutolo

Raffaele Cutolo (; 4 November 1941 – 17 February 2021) was an Italian crime boss. He was leader of the Nuova Camorra Organizzata (NCO).

Cutolo had many nicknames including "'o Vangelo" ("the gospel"), "'o Princepe" ("the prince"), "'o Professore" ("the professor") and "'o Monaco" ("the monk").

Cutolo lived inside maximum-security jails or psychiatric prisons from 1963 until his death. At the time of his death he was serving multiple life sentences for murder.

On 17 February 2021, Cutolo died in the prison unit of the Maggiore Hospital in Parma, at the age of 79.

Jacinto Cayco

Jacinto S. Cayco (c. 1924 – 17 February 2021) was a Filipino swimmer and referee. He competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He also had a brother named, Pedro who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics. Cayco won two gold medals at the 1951 Asian Games. 

Cayco died on 17 February 2021 at the age of 96.

Pedro Cayco

Pedro S. Cayco (born 1932) is a Filipino retired swimmer. He competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics at the Men's 100 metre backstroke event. His older brother Jacinto was also an Olympic swimmer.

Egbert Mulder

Egbert Mulder (10 April 1940 – 16 February 2021) was a Dutch football referee. He was referee between 1973 and 1988. He was born in Steenwijk, the Netherlands. He was a referee of the Eredivisie, European Cup, UEFA Cup and international matches.

Mulder died in Groningen on 16 February 2021, aged 80, from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in the Netherlands.

Lew Krausse Jr.

Lewis Bernard Krausse Jr. (April 25, 1943February 16, 2021) was an American baseball pitcher. He played 12 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played for the Kansas City/Oakland Athletics, Milwaukee Brewers, Boston Red Sox, St. Louis Cardinals, and Atlanta Braves from 1961 to 1974. 

Krausse Jr. died on February 16, 2021 in Kansas City, Missouri from cancer, aged 77.

Doğan Cüceloğlu

Mehmet Doğan Cüceloğlu (9 February 1938 – 16 February 2021) was a Turkish academic in Media psychology and writer. He was a visiting professor at University of California, Berkeley. From 1980 until 1996, he worked at the California State University, Fullerton. During this time, he published his first book "İnsan İnsana" ("Human To Human").

Cüceloğlu died at his home in Istanbul on 16 February 2021, seven days after his 83rd birthday from an aortic dissection.

Ștefan Tudor

Ştefan Tudor (3 March 194315 February 2021) was a Romanian rower. He competed at the 1968, 1972 and 1976 Olympics. He won a bronze medal in 1972.

In 1970 he became the first world champion in rowing from Romania. He also won two bronze medals at the European championships in 1967 and 1973.

Tudor died less than one month before his 78th birthday on 15 February 2021.

Nechan Karakéhéyan

Nechan Karakéhéyan, I.C.P.B. (17 April 1932 – 15 February 2021) was an Armenian Catholic archbishop. 

He was the ordinary of Eastern Europe for Armenian Catholics from 2005 until 2010. He was the Armenian Catholic bishop of Isfahan from 2001 until 2003 and Armenian Catholic ordinary of Greece for Armenian Catholics from 1991 until 2000.

Karakéhéyan died on 15 February 2021, aged 88.


Hylke Tromp

Hylke Wybe Tromp (27 July 1935 – 14 February 2021) was a Dutch polemologist. He was born in Sneek, Netherlands. Beginning in the 1960s, he worked at the Polemological Institute. In 1980, he was appointed professor at the University of Groningen. 

He was a member of the advisory board of the International Peace Institute (IIP) in Vienna.

Tromp died on 14 February 2021 in Groningen, Netherlands at the age of 85.

Boussay, Loire-Atlantique

Boussay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Reg Lewis (bodybuilder)

Reginald Bernie Lewis (January 23, 1936 – February 11, 2021) was an American bodybuilder and actor. Lewis was born in Niles, California. He was in the television gameshow "You Bet Your Life", with Groucho Marx. In the 1970s, Lewis appeared in many movies such as in Mae West's "Sextette" in 1978.

Lewis died in California on February 11, 2021 in Los Angeles at the age of 85.

Jeanette Lee

Jeanette Lee (born Lee Jin-Hee, Hangul: 이진희, July 9, 1971) is an American professional pool player. She was nicknamed the Black Widow. Lee was born in New York City. She won an individual gold medal at the World Games in 2001. Lee is thought to be one of the greatest billiards player.

In 2013, Lee was honored into the Billiard Congress of America Hall of Fame.

In February 2021, Lee announced that she was diagnosed with terminal ovarian cancer.

Fuslie

Leslie Fu (born November 23, 1992), also known by her online name fuslie, is an American Twitch streamer. She was born in San Francisco, California. She is known for playing "Valorant", "Among Us", "Minecraft" and "Animal Crossing".

Emilio Insolera

Emilio Insolera (born 29 January 1979) is an Italian-Argentine deaf actor and producer, known for "Sign Gene: The First Deaf Superheroes" (2017). In September 2019, Insolera joined the cast of Universal Pictures' spy movie "The 355" by "" writer and producer Simon Kinberg.

Insolera wrote, directed and produced the long feature superhero movie "Sign Gene". The movie, shot between Japan, the US and Italy, centers on deaf superheroes who have the ability to create superhuman powers through the use of sign language.

"Sign Gene" received positive reviews from critics. On Los Angeles Times, Michael Rechtshaffen describes the "“fresh, unique filmmaking voice”" "“as wildly inventive as it is empowering.”"

In September 2019 it was announced that Insolera had joined the Simon Kinberg espionage "The 355" alongside Jessica Chastain, Penélope Cruz, Diane Kruger, Lupita Nyong'o, Fan Bingbing, Édgar Ramírez and Sebastian Stan. Insolera will be playing a character called Hacker.

Insolera is in relationship with Carola Insolera. They have two daughters. 


Pyrrhura

Pyrrhura is a genus of medium-sized parrot.

Pyrrhura is in the Psittacinae subfamily (neotropical parrots). They come from central South America, and mostly live in wet forests. Some kinds are endangered.

Pyrrhura can grow up to 12 inches depending on the species. They all have long tails and are mostly green.

Some types of Pyrrhura are popular as pets. When they are pets, they are normally called Conures.
There are many species of parrot in "Pyrrhura":


Animal Crossing

Throughout the "Animal Crossing" series, the player character is a human who lives in a village with many anthropomorphic animals (animals who act like people). The player carries out various activities such as fishing, bug catching, and fossil hunting. The series is known for its open-ended gameplay and use of the video game console's internal clock and calendar to show real passage of time. The first game in the series was originally only released in Japan for the Nintendo 64. The first Animal Crossing in other areas was released on the Nintendo Gamecube in 2001. The most recent entry in the series is , which was released in late March of 2020. It's one of the best selling games for Nintendo.



Animal Crossing: New Horizons

Animal Crossing: New Horizons is a 2020 life simulation game created and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch. It is the fifth main game in the "Animal Crossing" series. In "New Horizons", the player controls a character who moves to a deserted island where many anthropomorphic animals live.

"Animal Crossing New Horizons" was very successful. It sold copies worldwide. It also broke the console game record for most digital units sold in a single month by selling five million copies. It became successful because of the stay-at-home orders during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Thomas H. Haines

Thomas Henry Haines (born August 9, 1933) is an American author, biochemist and academic. He was a professor of Chemistry at City College of New York and of Biochemistry at the Sophie Davis School of Biomedical Education. He is a Visiting Professor in the Laboratory of Thomas Sakmar at Rockefeller University. 

Haines was born in New York City. He studied at Rutgers University. From 1960 until 1985, he was married to Adrienne Rappaport. In 1986, he married Mary Cleveland. Haines' daughter, Avril Haines is the first woman to be Director of National Intelligence.

Zoltán Lakner

Zoltán Lakner (born 8 August 1975, Budapest) is a political scientist, social politician and journalist.

Lakner lectures at the Department of Social Policy of the Faculty of Social Sciences of Eötvös Loránd University. Since 2001 he has been a board member of the Hilscher Rezső Social Policy Association.

From 2016 to 2019, Lakner was a journalist and deputy editor-in-chief of 168 Hour weekly ("168 Óra"). From May 2020, Lakner writes as a journalist for "Present".


Mary Holt

Mary Holt (31 July 1924 – 17 February 2021) was a British Conservative politician and judge. Holt was Member of Parliament (MP) for Preston North from 1970 to 1974. From 1977 to 1995, Holt was a circuit court judge.

Holt died in Fulwood, Preston on 17 February 2021 at the age of 96.

Bede Vincent Heather

Bede Vincent Heather (7 December 1928 – 25 February 2021) was an Australian Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1951. He was titular bishop of "Obbi" and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sydney, Australia, from 1979 to 1986 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Parramatta from 1986 to 1997.

Heather died on 25 February 2021, aged 92.

György Snell

György Snell (8 March 1949 – 26 Febraury 2021) was a Hungarian auxiliary bishop Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1972. He was auxiliary bishop of "Pudentiana" and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Esztergom-Budapest from 2014 until his death in 2021.

Snell died on 26 February 2021, aged 71.

Lara Trump

Lara Lea Yunaska Trump (born October 12, 1982) is an American television producer and political strategist. Since 2024, she has been serving as the as co-chair of the Republican National Committee.

She is married to Eric Trump, the third child of Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States. 

Trump was the producer and host of Trump Productions' "Real News Update" and a producer of "Inside Edition".

Hajdú-Bihar

Hajdú-Bihar is a county in the Northern Great Plains in Eastern Hungary. There are currently 530,464 people in the county, and its biggest city, Debrecen is the second biggest city in the country.

Aratinga

Aratinga is a genus of medium-sized parrots. They are about 13 to 20 inches in length depending on the species. 
Aratinga in the Psittacidae family (neotropical parrots). They're range is in South America, but they can be introduced to new habitats.

Matthew Davis

Matthew W. Davis (born May 8, 1978) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Warner Huntington III in "Legally Blonde", Adam Hillman on the ABC comedy-drama "What About Brian" from 2006 to 2007 and Alaric Saltzman on The CW fantasy drama "The Vampire Diaries" from 2009 to 2017.

Iowa's 4th congressional district

Iowa's 4th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Iowa. The district is in the northwest part of the state. The district includes the cities of Sioux City, Ames, Mason City, Fort Dodge, Boone and Carroll. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district is currently represented by Republican Randy Feenstra.


Iowa's 3rd congressional district

Iowa's 3rd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S state of Iowa. The district is in the southwest part of the state including Des Moines and the borders with Nebraska and Missouri. The district was created in 1863. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district has been represented in the United States House of Representatives by Democrat Cindy Axne since 2019.

Large Marge

"Large Marge" is the 4th episode of The Simpsons 14th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on November 24, 2002. The episode is about Marge Simpson accidentally getting breast implants. 

About 17.4 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast. The episode was put on a DVD of episodes about romance. The DVD also has the episodes "Natural Born Kissers", "Three Gays of the Condo", and "The Way We Weren't".

Homer and Lisa try building houses for Habitat for Humanity. Two women there think that Homer is a bachelor. Marge drives by Homer and thinks that he is flirting with the two women. She thinks that getting a liposuction will make Homer like her more. However, she is accidentally given breast implants. A doctor says that she has to wait 48 hours to get them off.

Bart and Milhouse watch "Batman" with Krusty the Clown as a villain. Krusty puts Batman and Robin on a carousel and makes it go dangerously fast. Bart wants to try it on Milhouse. He puts Milhouse on the carousel at their school. Otto Mann makes the carousel go very fast. The carousel starts to fly and makes the school's flag of the United States fall. Milhouse gets dizzy and vomits on the flag. Bart and Milhouse get in trouble and say that Krusty made them do it. Krusty gets in trouble and has to make his television show safer for children.

Marge's breast implants makes it more difficult to work. She tries to hide them from her family, but they all see it later. They go to a restaurant and are given better quality food than other people. A person doing trade fairs sees Marge and gives her a job as a model. Marge likes being a model at first, but she starts getting sexually harassed. At an expo, Marge gets sexually harassed while trying to promote shoehorns. Krusty, Bart, and Milhouse go to the expo with an elephant. They make a plan that Krusty will save Milhouse from being hurt by the elephant. However, the elephant tries to eat Bart, Milhouse, and Homer. Chief Wiggum wants to shoot the elephant's mouth. Marge stop him from shooting by showing everyone her breasts. Krusty remembers and says the word used to stop the elephant. Krusty saves Bart and Milhouse and is popular again. Marge later gets her breast implants taken out. 

"Large Marge" was written by Ian Maxtone-Graham. Jim Reardon is the director of the episode. Adam West and Burt Ward are voice actors for the television show "Batman". They are guest stars in the episode as the characters they voice act in the show. Baha Men made a parody of their song "Who Let the Dogs Out?" for the episode.

Jeff Otto from IGN said that the episode is good, but not as good as other episodes about romance. Colin Jacobson from DVD Movie Guide thought that the episode's story is high concept (art that can be easily made), but that it "works pretty well". He liked how Marge's breast implants make the episode humorous. He said the other story with Bart and Krusty makes both stories a "fun manner". Victor Valdivia from DVD Verdict thought that this episode and "The Strong Arms of the Ma" show that Marge as a character makes it not as good as other episodes of the show.


Milaca, Minnesota

Milaca is a city in the state of Minnesota in the United States. It is the county seat of Mille Lacs County.

Mayer, Minnesota

Mayer is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States. 2,453 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Bouvron, Loire-Atlantique

Bouvron is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Municipalities of Switzerland

Municipalities (, ' or '; ; ; ) are the lowest level of administrative division in Switzerland. Each municipality is part of one of the Swiss cantons, which form the Swiss Confederation. In most cantons municipalities are also part of districts or other sub-cantonal administrative divisions. there are 2,212 municipalities.


Brains, Loire-Atlantique

Brains is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Campbon

Campbon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Carquefou

Carquefou is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Pieris brassicae

Pieris brassicae is the large white, or cabbage white butterfly. Its caterpillars feed on the leaves of different kinds of cabbage. The imagines (butterflies) have a wingspan of about .

The cabbage white is a common butterfly that occurs from North Africa up to Fennoscandia. There are two to three generations a year, usually Spring to Autumn.

The butterfly has been classified as a pest because, of course, its caterpillars eat cabbages. Sometimes, "Cotesia glomerata", a parasitic wasp, is used as a means of biological pest control.

The butterflies are distasteful to birds because of the mustard-oil glucosides the larvae eat. This oil has a distinctive pungent taste. It is in all plants in the mustard family, Brassicaceae (for example, cabbage, cauliflower, turnip, radish, horseradish, or wasabi).

Their white colour is easily seen, and probably acts as a warning sign.

Casson, Loire-Atlantique

Casson is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Le Cellier

Le Cellier is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Today and Tomorrow (1912 movie)

Today and Tomorrow () is a 1912 Hungarian silent movie directed by Michael Curtiz (who also stars) and starring Gyula Abonyi, Gyula Szalay, Guyla Fehér, Artúr Somlay, Antal Hajdu.


Nokia 3510

Nokia 3510 is a mobile phone for the GSM network, introduced by Nokia on 12 March 2002. The phone was the first Nokia phone to bring GPRS internet services to the mass market.

The Nokia 3510 was designed by Chairman Risto Siilasmaa at the Nokia Corporation Center in Hollywood, California, in USA. It is similar to the previous phones, with upgraded software. It was one of the first phones to have a colour display, and the first Nokia device (along with Nokia 7210) on the mass market with polyphonic ringtones.

The Nokia 3510 has 256MB and 30GB removable memory storage.


Judeo-Christian

Christianity started within Judaism, and then became an independent religion. The Old Testament, which is the first half of the Christian bible is based on the 24 books of the Hebrew Bible. Since about the 19th century, the term Judeo-Christian is used, to either describe this common heritage, or to show how Christianity developed from Judaism. The term "Abrahamic religions" also includes other religions, for which Abraham was an important person, most notably Islam. 

At the time of Christ, Judaism was legal within the Roman Empire, and Jews were permitted to worship their religion. Christians were not covered by this arrangement, yet they had in the first century A.D. no Bible: the first book of the New Testament was not written until about 100 AD, though even that date this is not precisely known. It is deduced from its internal content. The other books were written even later. That is why in modern Bibles over half the content is from the Jewish tradition.

The words 'Judæo Christian' first appeared in the 19th century as a word for Jewish converts to Christianity. Some Jewish writers objected, because they felt it was used to pretend there were no important differences between the two religions. It was used a lot in America during the Cold War, to show that the country was united against communist atheism. It is still used sometimes in discussions about Western values and against Islam.

Dal Orlov

Dal Orlov (February 10, 1935 – February 24, 2021) was a Russian film critic, screenwriter, and writer. He was a member of the Union of Writers of the USSR and Moscow, the Union of Cinematographers of Russia, the Union of Journalists of Russia and a member of the Russian Theater Society. On February 24, 2021, at the age of 86, Orlov died. He won the Honored Art Worker of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic award. He was educated at Moscow State University.


Irving Grundman

Irving Grundman (July 23, 1928 – February 26, 2021) was a Canadian ice hockey executive. He was general manager of the Montreal Canadiens from 1978 until 1983. He was born in Montreal.

Grundman died on February 26, 2021 in Montreal at the age of 92. He suffered a short illness prior until his death.

Hong Kong national security law

The Hong Kong national security law is the law that is about national security in Hong Kong. The full name of the law is Law of the People's Republic of China on Safeguarding National Security in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. It was enacted by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress of China in June 2020. It is different from other laws in Hong Kong for not being enacted by the Hong Kong Legislative Council.

Aeroscopia

Aeroscopia is a museum in Blagnac, France, close to Toulouse. It was created on 14 January 2015. It has two Concorde aircraft.

Tozama Mantashe

Priscilla Tozama Mantashe (23 October 1960 – 31 January 2021) was a South African politician. She was a member of the African National Congress. She was a Member of the National Assembly of South Africa from 2014 until her death in 2021.

Mantashe died on 31 January 2021 from COVID-19 complications during the COVID-19 pandemic in South Africa, aged 60.

Johann Michael Neder

Johann Michael Neder (29 April 1807 – 30 September 1882) was an Austrian painter. Neder was born in Vienna, and spent most of his life there. His paintings were done in the style of the Biedermeier. Today he is mostly known for portraits and genre paintings. Most of his work shows the life of the Viennese bourgeoisie in the suburbs of Vienna. For this reason, it is also important from a documentary point of view.

Persian green

Persian green is a cyanish green color.

Persian green is a color used in pottery and Persian carpets in Iran. The color persian green is a medium dark shade of cyan.



Iris (color)

Iris is a purpleish light shade of blue. The first use of iris as a color name in English was in 1916. The name is derived from the Iris flower.



Alice blue

Alice blue is a whiteish shade of blue and a pale tone of azure blue.


Ng Man-tat

Richard Ng Man-tat (2 January 1952 – 27 February 2021) was a Hong Kong actor. He was born in Fujian, China. He was known for his roles in "A Moment of Romance", "Legacy of Rage" and "My Heart Is That Eternal Rose". His career began in 1976.

Ng died in Hong Kong on 27 February 2021 from liver cancer, aged 70.

Alfredo Quintana

Alfredo Eduardo Quintana Bravo (; 20 March 1988 – 26 February 2021) was a Portuguese handball player. He played for Porto and the Portuguese national team. He was born in Havana, Cuba. He represented Portugal at the 2020 European Men's Handball Championship.

Quintana died of cardiac arrest on 26 February 2021 in Porto, Portugal at the age of 32.

Hannu Mikkola

Hannu Olavi Mikkola (24 May 1942 − 26 February 2021) was a Finnish world champion rally driver. He was a seven-time winner of the 1000 Lakes Rally in Finland and won the RAC Rally in Great Britain four times. Mikkola was born in Joensuu, Finland.

Mikkola died on 26 February 2021 in Helsinki, aged 78.

Berend Jansema

Berend Pieter "Bé" Jansema (24 January 1943 – 14 February 2021) was a Dutch civil servant and politician. He was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy. He was an alderman of Houten from 1979 until 1981 and mayor of Rossum and Heerewaarden from 1981 until 1989. He later was mayor of Harlingen from 1989 until 1997 and of Coevorden from 1998 until 2003. 

Jansema was born in Wagenborgen (Eemsdelta) and died in Maspalomas, Gran Canaria on 14 February 2021, aged 78.

Fiona Caldicott

Dame Fiona Caldicott, (12 January 1941 – 15 February 2021) was a British psychiatrist and psychotherapist. She also was Principal of Somerville College, Oxford. She was the National Data Guardian for Health and Social Care in England until her death.

Caldicott died on 15 February 2021, aged 80.

Air Force blue

Air Force blue is a grayish tone blue and a gray, darker, variation of cyan and azure. The blue color was chosen as a symbol of clear sky. 

They look like dark azure but the United States Air Force and US Air Force Academy used the color which looks like dark blue.



Shane Lewis (swimmer)

Shane Lewis (18 March 1973 – 21 February 2021) was an Australian swimmer. He competed in the men's 100 metre breaststroke event at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Lewis died on 21 February 2021, aged 47.

Juan Francisco Sarasti Jaramillo

Juan Francisco Sarasti Jaramillo (30 July 1938 – 25 February 2021) was a Colombian Roman Catholic archbishop. He became a priest in 1963. 

Sarasti Jaramillo was titular bishop of "Egara" and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cali, Colombia, from 1978 to 1983. He then was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Barrancabermeja, Colombia from 1983 to 1993 and as archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ibagué, Colombia from 1993 to 2002. 

He was archbishop of the Cali Archdiocese from 2002 to 2011.

Sarasti Jaramillo died from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Colombia on 25 February 2021, at the age of 82.

Leroy J. Manor

Leroy Joseph Manor (February 21, 1921 – February 25, 2021) was a United States Air Force Lieutenant General. He began his career serving as a P-47 fighter pilot in World War II. He was best known as task force commander of Operation Ivory Coast. Manor was born in Morrisonville, New York.

Manor died on February 25, 2021 in Shalimar, Florida just four days after his 100th birthday.

Morrisonville, New York

Morrisonville is a hamlet and census-designated place in Clinton County, New York, United States. 1,893 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Shalimar, Florida

Shalimar is a town in Okaloosa County, Florida, United States. 737 people lived here at the 2020 census. It is part of the Fort Walton Beach–Crestview–Destin Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Frank J. Kelley

Frank Joseph Kelley (December 31, 1924 – March 5, 2021) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer. He was born in Detroit, Michigan

Kelley was the 50th Attorney General of Michigan from 1961 until 1999. He was the youngest (36 years old) and oldest (74 years old) Attorney General in the state's history. He was nicknamed as the "Eternal General" since he was attorney general for a long time. 

He was the longest serving state attorney general in United States history, until Tom Miller beat his record in 2019.

Kelley died on March 5, 2021 at a nursing home in Naples, Florida at the age of 96.

British racing green

British racing green is a very dark shade of green.


British racing green is also known as very dark yellowish green.


Biedermeier

Biedermeier was a time in the arts and German literature, which occurred between 1815 and 1848. In 1815, the Congress of Vienna ended the Napoleonic Wars. In 1848, there were revolutions in many European Countries. Between 1815 and 1848, the middle class grew. During that time, the forces that had been active before the French Revolution rose to power again. Politically, the times were very hard, and there was a lot of repression. For this reason, most of the arts focused on apolitical life at home. 

In painting, "Biedermeier" focused on landscapes, portraits, and perhaps still lifes, or genre paintings. There are almost no religious or historical paintings. Many painters wanted to copy or to resemble 17th century Dutch painters. Many paintings were realist, almost like a modern-day photograph. Interior portraits were typical for Biedermeier: there the idea was to show a fully furnished room, in all its details.

In music, there's no epoch called "Biedermeier": the only thing that is perhaps worth mentioning that playing music at home, in the family became important, this is known as house concert.

In theatre, the main focus was entertainment, not like the Age of Enlightenment. Also in addition to the national theatres, a number of smaller theatres started to exist. 

Estrella tree frog

The estrella tree frog ("Dendropsophus anceps") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Peter Lorimer

Peter Patrick Lorimer (14 December 1946 – 20 March 2021) was a Scottish footballer. He played for Leeds United making over 500 appearances between 1962 to 1979 and again from 1983 to 1985. He also appeared twenty-one times for Scotland from 1969 to 1976. He was an attacking midfielder.

On 26 February 2021, it was announced that Lorimer was put under hospice care because of a long-illness. He died a month later on 20 March 2021, aged 74.

Manchester, Michigan

Manchester is a village in Manchester Township within Washtenaw County in the U.S. state of Michigan. 2,037 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Manchester Township, Michigan

Manchester Township is a civil township of Washtenaw County in the U.S. state of Michigan. 4,626 people lived here at the 2020 census. The Village of Manchester is located within the township.

John Swainson

John Burley Swainson (July 31, 1925 – May 13, 1994) was a Canadian-American politician and lawyer. He was the 42nd Governor of Michigan from 1961 until 1963. He was Lieutenant Governor from 1959 until 1961.

Swainson died on May 13, 1994 in Manchester, Michigan from a heart attack, aged 68.

JSL Cup

Teams are named using current nomenclature, or last one if they are defunct (denoted in "italics").

Taito (disambiguation)

Taito may refer to:

European water vole

The European water vole or northern water vole is a semi-aquatic rodent. Sometimes, it is also called water rat, though the animal is only similar to a rat. Water voles have rounder noses than rats, deep brown fur, chubby faces and short fuzzy ears, Unlike rats their tails, paws and ears are covered with hair. In the wild, on average, water voles only live about five months. Maximum longevity in captivity is two and a half years.

Tyrian purple

Tyrian purple is a reddish dark purple color.


Other names the color tyrian purple is known:


Drachten

Drachten is a town in the Dutch province of Friesland. It is part of the municipality of Smallingerland. In 2020, 45,075 people lived there.

VVV-Venlo

VVV-Venlo is a Dutch
football club which plays in Venlo.


Fawn (colour)

Fawn, also known as moderate orange yellow, is a yellowish light brown color. The first use of fawn as a color name, in English, was in the year 1789.



Platinum (color)

Platinum, also known as grayish white, is a gray tone that is similar to the metal platinum. The first use of platinium as a color name, in English, was in the year 1918.


La Chapelle-Basse-Mer

La Chapelle-Basse-Mer is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Divatte-sur-Loire.

La Chapelle-des-Marais

La Chapelle-des-Marais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

La Chapelle-Glain

La Chapelle-Glain is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

La Chapelle-Heulin

La Chapelle-Heulin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

La Chapelle-Launay

La Chapelle-Launay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

La Chapelle-sur-Erdre

La Chapelle-sur-Erdre is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Château-Thébaud

Château-Thébaud is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Chauvé

Chauvé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Cheix-en-Retz

Cheix-en-Retz is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Chéméré

Chéméré is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Chaumes-en-Retz.

La Chevallerais

La Chevallerais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Honeydew (color)

"For other meanings, see Honeydew (disambiguation)"

Honeydew is a greenish white color and a pale tone of spring green.



La Chevrolière

La Chevrolière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Clisson

Clisson is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Conquereuil

Conquereuil is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Corcoué-sur-Logne

Corcoué-sur-Logne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Corsept

Corsept is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Couffé

Couffé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Le Croisic

Le Croisic is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Crossac

Crossac is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Derval

Derval is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Donges

Donges is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Drefféac

Drefféac is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Fay-de-Bretagne

Fay-de-Bretagne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Fercé

Fercé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Le Fresne-sur-Loire

Le Fresne-sur-Loire used to be a commune. It was in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France. Before 1 January 2016, it was part of the Loire-Atlantique department. On 1 January 2016, it became part of the new commune, Ingrandes-Le Fresne sur Loire.

Frossay

Frossay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Le Gâvre

Le Gâvre is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Geneston

Geneston is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Gétigné

Gétigné is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Gorges, Loire-Atlantique

Gorges is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Grand-Auverné

Grand-Auverné (; Gallo: "Graund-Auvernaé", ) is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department. It is in western France.


Emphasis (typography)

In typography, emphasis is to strengthen words in a text. Often, this is done by using the font in a different style from the rest of the text. This highlights them. It is rather like changing tone of voice or speaking louder.

Methods include changes in the way the font is used: bold, "italics", , using , changing the size of the print, and changing the typeface itself (the font).

In practice, most experienced writers look to change the text itself (the actual words) before they consider anything else.

Sittard

Sittard is a city in the Dutch province of Limburg. It has about 37,500 inhabitants.

Since 2001, it is part of the new municipality of Sittard-Geleen.

Geta (emperor)

Publius Septimius Geta (7 March 189 – 26 December 211) was son of Severus and reigned from 209211 .

Westphalian language

Westphalian or Westfalish (Standard High German: "Westfälisch") is a dialect spoken in North Rhine-Westphalia. The Westphalian dialect is considered Dutch Low Saxon.

Low German language

Low German or Low Saxon (, or "Platt") is one of the Germanic languages. It is still spoken by many people in northern Germany and the northeast part of the Netherlands. Low German is closer to the English and Dutch languages than High German (Hochdeutsch) is.

Low Franconian

Low Franconian, Low Frankish, Netherlandic (Dutch: "Nederfrankisch", High German: "Niederfränkisch") is a dialect close to the Dutch language.

Maka Bochorishvili

Maka Bochorishvili (born 15 August 1978) is a Georgian diplomat and politician, Member of Georgian Dream. She is a Member of Parliament of Georgia since 2020.

Portugal national under-20 football team

The Portugal national under-20 football team is the national under-20 football team of Portugal. It it controlled by the Portuguese Football Federation.


"As of 15 November 2012"

Amzat Boukari-Yabara

Amzat Boukari-Yabara is a French pan-Africanist historian from Benin. His books explain the history of important people, places, and events in pan-Africanism. He also discusses politics today, often criticizing France, the United States, and neocolonialism.


Mystery Train (movie)

Mystery Train is a 1989 Japanese American comedy movie directed by Jim Jarmusch and starring Masatoshi Nagase, Youki Kudoh, Screamin' Jay Hawkins, Cinqué Lee, Rufus Thomas, Steve Buscemi, Tom Waits, Vonda Shepard, Joe Strummer, Sy Richardson, Elizabeth Bracco. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Eight Hours of Terror

Grandchamps-des-Fontaines

Grandchamps-des-Fontaines is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

La Grigonnais

La Grigonnais is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Guémené-Penfao

Guémené-Penfao is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Guenrouet

Guenrouet is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Guérande

Guérande is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

La Haie-Fouassière

La Haie-Fouassière is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Haute-Goulaine

Haute-Goulaine is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Herbignac

Herbignac is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Héric

Héric is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Issé

Issé is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Jans

Jans is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Joué-sur-Erdre

Joué-sur-Erdre is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Julien-de-Concelles

Saint-Julien-de-Concelles is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Hilaire-de-Chaléons

Saint-Hilaire-de-Chaléons is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Kaysville, Utah

Kaysville is a city in Davis County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 32,948 people live in Kaysville.

Lehi, Utah

Lehi is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 75,907 people lived in Lehi. This is up from 47,407 people at the 2010 census.

Two Arabian Knights

Two Arabian Knights is a 1927 American World War I romantic comedy movie directed by Lewis Milestone and starring William Boyd, Mary Astor, Louis Wolheim, Ian Keith, Michael Vavitch, Michael Visaroff, Boris Karloff. It was distributed by United Artists and was based on the 1924 story of the same name. It won an Academy Award in 1929.


Bayer filter

A Bayer filter mosaic is a technology used in sensors for digital photography. Eastman Kodak first made the filters and patented them in the 1970s. The Bayer filter uses a grid of filters. Half of them are sensitive to green, a quarter each is sensitive to red or blue. In 2021, most image sensors used in digital cameras used a Bayer filter.

Stagecoach (1939 movie)

Stagecoach is a 1939 American western movie directed by John Ford and was based on the 1937 short story "The Stage to Lordsburg" by Ernest Haycox. It stars John Wayne, Claire Trevor, Andy Devine, John Carradine, Thomas Mitchell, Louise Platt, George Bancroft and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 7 Academy Awards and won 2 in 1940 and was remade as "Stagecoach" in 1966 and 1986.


Angeliño

José Ángel Esmorís Tasende (born 4 January 1997), commonly known as Angeliño, is a Spanish footballer. He currently plays for Galatasaray, on loan from RB Leipzig.


Fred Shuttlesworth

Fred Shuttlesworth was an American civil rights activist during the 1960's.

Shuttlesworth was born on March 18, 1922, in Mount Meigs, Alabama. He became a reverend, or a Protestant Christian clergyman.

In the middle of the 20th century, Birmingham was one of the most segregated cities in the United States, meaning that white people and black people were not allowed to use the same facilities, and the ones for black people were usually worse than the ones for white people.

Birmingham stayed segregated until Martin Luther King Jr. and people from the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, including Fred Shuttlesworth, protested for the rights of African Americans. Reverend Shuttlesworth also started the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights ) in May 1956.

Shuttlesworth died on October 5, 2011, in a hospital in Birmingham, Alabama, where he had organized protests. 

Spies in Disguise

Spies in Disguise is a computer animated movie made by Blue Sky Studios. It stars the voices of Rashida Jones, Ben Mendelsohn, Reba McEntire, Rachel Brosnahan, Karen Gillan, DJ Khaled, and Masi Oka.


Rio 2

Rio 2 (also known as Rio 2: Jungle Fever) is a 2014 computer animated movie made by Blue Sky Studios. It stars the voices of Jesse Eisenberg, Anne Hathaway, will.i.am, Jamie Foxx, George Lopez, Tracy Morgan, Jemaine Clement, Leslie Mann, Rodrigo Santoro, and Jake T. Austin.



Mabiki

Mabiki is a Congolese book publisher. It was founded in Wavre, Belgium in 2005, and is active in Belgium and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Mabiki publishes books in at least five languages.

The Wings of Eagles

The Wings of Eagles is a 1957 American drama movie directed by John Ford and starring John Wayne, Dan Dailey, Maureen O'Hara, Ward Bond, Ken Curtis, Edmund Lowe, Kenneth Tobey, Henry O'Neill. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Northern Bavarian

Northern Bavarian or North Central Bavarian (German: "Nordbairisch", "Nordmittelbairisch") is a dialect of the Bavarian language. Though mostly spoken in Weiden in der Oberpfalz, Northern Bavarian is also spoken in Upper, Lower Bavaria and Upper Franconia. There is one subvariant called West Northern Bavarian or West Northern Central Bavarian. It is spoken in the west, up in the north of Bavaria. The dialects of the Upper Palatinate and the Bavarian Forest are also called “"Waidlerische"”. Linguistically, these are North Bavarian, North Central Bavarian and Central Bavarian dialects, with the North Bavarian elements gradually increasing towards the north. 

Northern Bavarian is spoken in most of the Upper Palatinate, in the southeastern parts of Upper Franconia and Middle Franconia, in the northernmost part of Upper Bavaria and in the southernmost part of Saxony (Southern Vogtland). In the south-eastern Upper Palatinate and in the northernmost part of Lower Bavaria, mixed forms of Northern and Central Bavarian - linguistically called Northern Central Bavarian - are spoken, with the city of Regensburg being a Central Bavarian linguistic island within this area.

Coney Island (1943 movie)

Coney Island is a 1943 American musical movie directed by Walter Lang and starring Betty Grable, George Montgomery, Cesar Romero, Charles Winninger, Phil Silvers, Frank Orth. It was nominated for Academy Award in 1944 and was remade in 1950 as "Wabash Avenue". It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


This Above All

This Above All is a 1942 American World War II romance movie directed by Anatole Litvak and was based on the 1941 novel of the same name by Eric Knight. It stars Tyrone Power, Joan Fontaine, Thomas Mitchell, Nigel Bruce, Gladys Cooper, Melville Cooper, Jill Esmond, Queenie Leonard and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards and won one in 1943.


FC Dinamo Minsk

Football Club Dinamo Minsk is a professional football club from Minsk, Belarus. They currently play in the Belarusian Premier League. The club was founded in 1927.

The Tango of Our Childhood

The Tango of Our Childhood (, ) is a 1985 Russian Armenian comedy movie directed by Albert Mkrtchyan and starring Galya Novents, Frunzik Mkrtchyan, Elina Agamyan, Azat Gasparyan.

Central Bavarian

Central Bavarian or Central Austro-Bavarian is a group of Bavarian dialects which are spoken in Austria. It is also spoken in Bavaria along the Danube, the northern Eastern Alps, and the Old Bavarian regions (mostly Munich). There are many large cities along the course of these rivers, and the dialects have a high prestige. They are also commonly used in TV and movie productions. It is commonly referred to as West Central Bavarian ("Westmittelbairisch", spoken in Upper and Lower Bavaria) and East Central Bavarian ("Ostmittelbairisch", spoken in Upper and Lower Austria, Salzburg, Styria, and Burgenland).

The differences are noticeable. For example, the Bavarian word "vui" becomes "vüü" in East Central Bavarian, and the word "dahâm" becomes "dahoam" in West Central Bavarian.

The Naked Woman and the Gun

Diego Garcia

Diego Garcia is an atoll of the Chagos Archipelago, just south of the equator. It is the island with the largest landmass in the archipelago. Today, the archipelago is the only settled place in the British Indian Ocean Territory. The Portuguese discovered it, and the French settled it in the 1790s. It used to be part of Mauritius. After the Napoleonic Wars, Mauritius became a British colony. Diego Garcia is south of Gan Island, the southernmost island of the Maldives. It is east of Paislin island of the Seychelles. The archipelago is claimed by Mauritius, but controlled by the British. The United States run a military base on the island.

The archipelago has a landmass of about , the lagoon has an area of about . In 2021, about 4,200 people, all of them military personnel lived on Diego Garcia. There is an airport, and a small harbor on the island. Communication is done using satellite.

Louisa (1946 movie)

Louisa () is a 1946 Finnish drama movie directed by Valentin Vaala and was based on the 1940 play of the same name by Hella Wuolijoki. It stars Emma Väänänen, Tauno Palo, Kirsti Hurme, Holger Salin, Hilkka Helinä, Matti Aulos.

Honeydew, California

Honeydew (before as Honey Dew) is an unincorporated community in Humboldt County, California.

The first post office at Honeydew opened in 1926. Honeydew, Petrolia and Capetown were originally stagecoach and mail stops in the 1800s.

There are three schools in Honeydew: Honeydew Elementary School, Mattole Valley Triple Junction High School and Honeydew Charter School #159.

Heliotropium

Heliotropium is a plant that belongs to the Boraginaceae family.


Heliotrope (color)

Heliotrope is a pinkish purple color and is similar to the color of the Heliotrope flower.

Heliotrope gray is a gray-ish variation of heliotrope.

Heliotrope magenta is a darker, magentaish tone of heliotrope.

Old heliotrope is a dark, purple, grayish tone of heliotrope, and is also known as dark purple.



Puya (Meitei texts)

A Puya () (literally, pū=""ancestor""; yā=""advice"") is any old manuscript written in Classical Meitei (Classical Manipuri language). It is based on varying topics, especially religion, mythology, philosophy and history of Ancient Manipur.

The list of Puyas, written in Meitei language (Manipuri language), are given below in alphabetical order:



Niwari district

Niwari district is one of the districts of Madhya Pradesh state. It is the 52nd district of Madhya Pradesh. Madhya Pradesh is one of the states of India.

National Anthem of Zimbabwe

Blessed be the land of Zimbabwe (Shona: ""Simudzai Mureza wedu WeZimbabwe"", Ndebele: ""Kalibusiswe Ilizwe leZimbabwe"") is the national anthem of Zimbabwe, written by Professor Solomon Mutswairo and composed by Fred Changundega.

The anthem was introduced in March 1994 after a competition to replace "Ishe Komborera Africa" with a distinctly Zimbabwean song.

Oh lift high the banner, the flag of Zimbabwe,<br>
The symbol of freedom proclaiming victory;<br>
We praise our heroes' sacrifice,<br>
And vow to keep our land from foes;<br>
And may the Almighty protect and bless our land.<br>
Oh lovely Zimbabwe, so wondrously adorned,<br>
With mountains, and rivers cascading, flowing free;<br>
May rain abound, and fertile fields,<br>
May we be fed, our labour blessed;<br>
And may the Almighty protect and bless our land.<br>
Oh God, we beseech Thee to bless our native land,<br>
The land of our fathers bestowed upon us all;<br>
From Zambezi to Limpopo,<br>
May leaders be exemplary;<br>
And may the Almighty protect and bless our land,<br>

Simudzai mureza wedu weZimbabwe<br>
Yakazvarwa nemoto wechimurenga,<br>
Neropa zhinji ramagamba<br>
Tiidzivirire kumhandu dzose;<br>
Ngaikomborerwe nyika yeZimbabwe.<br>
Tarisai Zimbabwe nyika yakashongedzwa<br>
Namakomo, nehova, zvinoyeveedza<br>
Mvura ngainaye, minda ipe mbesa<br>
Vashandi vatuswe, ruzhinji rugutswe;<br>
Ngaikomborerwe nyika yeZimbabwe.<br>
Mwari ropafadzai nyika yeZimbabwe<br>
Nyika yamadzitateguru edu tose;<br>
Kubva Zambezi kusvika Limpopo,<br>
Navatungamiri vave nenduramo;<br>
Ngaikomborerwe nyika yeZimbabwe.<br>

<br>

Phakamisan' if'legi yethu yeZimbabwe<br>
Eyazalwa yimpi yenkululeko;<br>
Legaz' elinengi lamaqhawe ethu<br>
Silivikele ezithen' izonke;<br>
Kalibusisiwe ilizwe leZimbabwe.<br>
Khangelan' iZimbabwe yon' ihlotshisiwe<br>
Ngezintaba lange' miful' ebukekayo,<br>
Izulu kaline, izilimo zande;<br>
Iz' sebenzi zenam', abantu basuthe;<br>
Kalibusisiwe ilizwe leZimbabwe.<br>
Nkosi busis' ilizwe lethu leZimbabwe<br>
Ilizwe labokhokho bethu thina sonke;<br>
Kusuk' eZambezi kusiy' eLimpopo<br>
Abakhokheli babe lobuqotho;<br>
Kalibusisiwe ilizwe leZimbabwe;<br>

<br>

Shona
Ndebele
English
CODA

Lesotho Fatse La Bontata Rona

"Lesotho Fatse La Bontata Rona" (; "Lesotho, Land of Our Fathers") is the national anthem of Lesotho.

Juigné-des-Moutiers

Juigné-des-Moutiers is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

O Land of Beauty!

"O Land of Beauty!" is a song. It is the national anthem of the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis.

Le Landreau

Le Landreau is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Legé

Legé is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Vair-sur-Loire

Vair-sur-Loire is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Herblon (the seat) and Anetz.

Saint-Herblon

Saint-Herblon is a former commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Vair-sur-Loire.

Ligné, Loire-Atlantique

Ligné is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Kigelia

Kigelia is a botanical genus belonging to Bignoniaceae family. There is one species called kigelia africana.

Ligné

Ligné is the name of two communes in France:

Ligné, Charente

Ligné is a commune. It is found in the Charente department in the south of France.

La Limouzinière

La Limouzinière is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Le Loroux-Bottereau

Le Loroux-Bottereau is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Louisfert

Louisfert is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Lusanger

Lusanger is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Heliotrope

Heliotrope may refer to:

Machecoul

Machecoul is a former commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Machecoul-Saint-Même.

Maisdon-sur-Sèvre

Maisdon-sur-Sèvre is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Malville

Malville is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

La Marne

La Marne is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Marsac-sur-Don

Marsac-sur-Don is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Massérac

Massérac is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Mauves-sur-Loire

Mauves-sur-Loire is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

La Meilleraye-de-Bretagne

La Meilleraye-de-Bretagne is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Kaldrananeshreppur

Kaldrananeshreppur is a municipality in northwestern Iceland. It is part of the Westfjords region. In 2019, 103 people lived there.

Murray, Utah

Murray is a city in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 50,637 people live in Murray.

Pleasant Grove, Utah

Pleasant Grove is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 37,726 people live in Pleasant Grove.

Roy, Utah

Roy is a city in Weber County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 39,306 people live in Roy.

Taylorsville, Utah

Taylorsville is a city in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 60,448 people live in Taylorsville.

West Valley City, Utah

West Valley City is a city in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. As of the 2010 census, 140,230 people live in West Valley City.

It is the second largest city by population in Utah.

Rialto, California

Rialto is a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States. As of the 2020 census, 104,026 people live in Rialto.

FC Volendam

FC Volendam is a Dutch football club which plays in Volendam.


Heracles Almelo

Heracles Almelo is a Dutch football club which plays in Almelo.


Montclair, California

Montclair is a city in San Bernardino County, California.

Giorgi Vashadze

Giorgi Vashadze (; born 8 July 1981) is a Harvard Business School Executive Education alumnus, Georgian politician and international policy expert who was a member of the Parliament of Georgia from 2012 to 2016. He is member of Parliament since 2020. He is a founder and international key expert of Innovation and Development Foundation (IDF) , international think-tank that is committed to design public policy solutions and reform packages. In May 2016, Giorgi Vashadze founded a political party ‘Political Platform - New Georgia ’. He is also a founder of Computer Literacy Foundation that was established in 2012 and Georgia Reforms and Partnership Enterprise (GRAPE). Giorgi Vashadze served as a Deputy-Minister at the Ministry of Justice between 2010 and 2012, and he was a Chairman of Civil Registry Agency from 2006 to 2010. 

Zamfara kidnapping

The Zamfara kidnapping (Jangebe kidnapping) was a mass kidnapping of female students in Jangebe, Zamfara State, Nigeria. On 26 February 2021, 279 girls aged 12–17 years old were kidnapped by armed bandits at the Government Girls Science Secondary School, a boarding school in the northwest of the country. A police officer was killed.

It is part of the Nigerian bandit conflict, which began in 2011. It is the second school kidnapping in Nigeria during 2021, the first being the Kagara kidnapping.

Amnesty International said the kidnapping is a war crime. No one has claimed responsibility for the kidnapping.

On 2 March 2021, the students were freed. The news was released by a tweet from the Zamfara governor.

Kagara kidnapping

On 17 February, 2021, a student was killed and 27 others were kidnapped by armed men at around 3 am from their school in Kagara, Niger State, Nigeria. Three members of the school's staff and 12 of their relatives were also abducted. 

No one has claimed responsibility for the attack.

President Muhammadu Buhari ordered the police and the military to do a rescue operation.

On 27 February 2021, the government of Niger State announced that all the 42 people abducted from the Kigara school have been released by the bandits and received by the Niger state government.

2013 Pacific typhoon season

The 2013 Pacific typhoon season was an above-normal Pacific typhoon season.

During each season, many national meteorological services and scientific agencies forecast how many tropical cyclones, tropical storms, and typhoons will form during a season and/or how many tropical cyclones will affect a certain country. These agencies include the Tropical Storm Risk  Consortium of the University College London, Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration and the Vietnamese National Center for Hydro Meteorological forecasts .

Within the North-western Pacific Ocean, both the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) and the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration assign names to tropical cyclones that develop in the Western Pacific, which can mean a tropical cyclone has two names. The Japan Meteorological Agency's RSMC Tokyo — Typhoon Center assigns international names to tropical cyclones on behalf of the World Meteorological Organization's Typhoon Committee, should they be judged to have 10-minute sustained windspeeds of . While the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration assigns names to tropical cyclones which move into or form as a tropical depression in their area of responsibility located between 135°E and 115°E and between 5°N-25°N even if the cyclone has had an international name given to it. The names of significant tropical cyclones are retired, by both PAGASA and the Typhoon Committee. Should the list of names for the Philippine region all be used, then names will be taken from an auxiliary list. The first ten of these names are made before the start of the season. Unused names are marked in .

During the season 29 tropical storms developed in the Western Pacific and each one was named by the JMA, when the system was judged to have 10-minute sustained windspeeds of . The JMA selected the names from a list of 140 names, that had been developed by the 14 members nations and territories of the ESCAP/WMO Typhoon Committee. During the season the names Leepi and Mangkhut were used for the first time, after they had replaced the names Xangsane and Durian, which were retired after the 2006 season.

After the season the Typhoon Committee retired the names "Sonamu", "Utor", "Fitow" and "Haiyan" from its naming lists, and in February 2015, the names were subsequently replaced with "Jongdari", "Barijat", "Mun" and "Bailu" for future seasons.

During the season PAGASA used its own naming scheme for the 25 tropical cyclones, that either developed within or moved into their self-defined area of responsibility. The names were taken from a list of names, that had been last used during 2009 and was used again during 2017. The names Fabian, Odette and Paolo were used for the first time during the year after the names Ondoy, and Pepeng were retired. The names Wilma, Yolanda, and Zoraida were also used for the first time (and only in the case of Yolanda).

After the season the names Labuyo, Santi and Yolanda were retired by PAGASA, as they had caused over 300 deaths and over PhP1 billion in damages. They were soon replaced on the list with Lannie, Salome and Yasmin.

This table lists all the storms that developed in the northwestern Pacific Ocean west of the International Date Line and north of the equator during 2013. It includes their intensity, duration, name, areas affected, deaths, and damage totals. Classification and intensity values are based on estimations conducted by the JMA. All damage figures are in 2013 USD. Damages and deaths from a storm include when the storm was a precursor wave or an extratropical low.


St. Augusta, Minnesota

Saint Augusta, formerly named Ventura, is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States. 3,497 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Limburgish

Limburgish (Limburgish: "Lèmburgs" ]; ; ; ), also called Limburgan, Limburgian, or Limburgic, is a group of East Low Franconian varieties spoken in the provinces of Belgian Limburg and Dutch Limburg and surroundings, and also in neighboring parts of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.

Mésanger

Mésanger is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Mesquer

Mesquer is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Missillac

Missillac is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Monnières, Loire-Atlantique

Monnières is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Tobacco Road (movie)

Tobacco Road is a 1941 American comedy movie directed by John Ford. It was based on the 1932 novel of the same name by Erskine Caldwell and also adapted from the 1933 Broadway play by Jack Kirkland. It stars Charley Grapewin, Marjorie Rambeau, Gene Tierney, William Tracy, Dana Andrews, Ward Bond and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Sweet Rosie O'Grady

Sweet Rosie O'Grady is a 1943 American musical movie directed by Irving Cummings and starring Betty Grable, Robert Young, Adolphe Menjou, Reginald Gardiner, Virginia Grey, Phil Regan, Sig Ruman, Alan Dinehart. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Torture Garden

Torture Garden is a 1967 British horror movie directed by Freddie Francis and was based on a series of short stories. It stars Jack Palance, Burgess Meredith, Beverly Adams, Peter Cushing, Barbara Ewing, John Standing, Bernard Kay, Maurice Denham and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Do You Love Me (movie)

Do You Love Me is a 1946 American musical movie directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring Maureen O'Hara, Dick Haymes, Harry James, Reginald Gardiner, Richard Gaines. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Kid from Spain

The Kid from Spain is a 1932 American comedy movie directed by Leo McCarey and starring Eddie Cantor, Lyda Roberti, Robert Young, Ruth Hall, John Miljan, Noah Beery, Sr., J. Carrol Naish, Robert Emmett O'Connor, Stanley Fields. It was distributed by United Artists.


Junction, Utah

Junction is a town in and the county seat of Piute County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 212 people live in Junction. 

Heber City, Utah

Heber City is a city in and the county seat of Wasatch County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 16,856 people live in Heber City. This is up from 11,362 people at the 2010 census.

Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses

Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses is a 1994 Finnish German French comedy movie directed by Aki Kaurismäki and is the sequel to the 1989 movie "Leningrad Cowboys Go America". It stars Leningrad Cowboys, Matti Pellonpää, Kari Väänänen, Nicky Tesco, André Wilms.


Transistor computer

A transistor computer, now often called a second generation computer, is a computer which uses individual transistors instead of vacuum tubes. The first generation of electronic computers used vacuum tubes, which were big, unreliable, and generated large amounts of heat. A second generation of computers, through the late 1950s and 1960s contained circuit boards filled with individual transistors and magnetic core memory. These machines were in use up to the late 1960s, when integrated circuits became available.

The Fencer

The Fencer (, ) is a 2015 Finnish Estonian German drama movie directed by Klaus Härö and starring Märt Avandi, Ursula Ratasepp, Liisa Koppel, Lembit Ulfsak, Leida Rammo, Piret Kalda, Kirill Käro.

Archonta

The Archonta is a deprecated superorder of placental mammals, in which are included bats, primates, colugos, and treeshrews. It was only used in linnaean classification

Archonta consists of these orders:

Dendropsophus giesleri

Giesler's tree frog ("Dendropsophus giesleri") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Loa, Utah

Loa is a town in and the county seat of Wayne County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 516 people live in Loa.

Bally, Pennsylvania

Bally is a borough in Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,228 people live in Bally.

La Montagne, Loire-Atlantique

La Montagne is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Montbert

Montbert is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Piotrków Trybunalski

Piotrków Trybunalski is a city in Łódź Voivodeship in Poland. In 2019, 73,090 people lived there.

Montoir-de-Bretagne

Montoir-de-Bretagne is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Montrelais

Montrelais is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Yousuf Shaaban (actor)

Yousuf Shaaban Shemis (; 16 July 1931 – 28 February 2021) was an Egyptian actor. He was born in Shubra, Egypt. His career lasted from 1958 until 2017. He was known "There is a Man in our House", "Mother of the Bride" and "My Wife, the Director General".

Shaaban died of COVID-19 on 28 February 2021 in Giza, Egypt at the age of 89.

Glenn Roeder

Glenn Victor Roeder (13 December 1955 – 28 February 2021) was an English football manager and player. He was a player, Roeder represented England B on seven occasions. 

Roeder was a defender. He played club football for Leyton Orient, Queens Park Rangers, Notts County, Newcastle United, Watford and Gillingham. 

His managerial career included spells with Gillingham, Watford, West Ham United, Newcastle United and Norwich City.

Roeder died on 28 February 2021 from brain cancer, aged 65.

Aqel Biltaji

Aqel Biltaji (10 February 1941 – 28 February 2021) was a Jordanian politician. He was Mayor of Amman from 8 September 2013 until 20 August 2017. Biltaji was born in Gaza, Egypt.

Biltaji died of COVID-19 on 28 February 2021 in Amman, just two weeks after his 80th birthday.

Spring Voices

Spring Voices () is a 1955 Russian musical movie directed by Sergei Gurov and Eldar Ryazanov (who also co-star) and starring Vladimir Salnikov, Nadezhda Rumyantseva, Tigran Davydov. It was distributed by Mosfilm.

Milan Bandić

Milan Bandić (; 22 November 1955 – 28 February 2021) was a Croatian politician. He was Mayor of Zagreb from 2000 to 2002 and again from 2005 until his death in 2021. Bandić was born in Grude, PR Bosnia and Herzegovina. 

In the 2009–10 election, Bandić unsuccessfully ran for President of Croatia. In 2014, he was arrested for corruption. He was released from prison in 2015. 

Bandić died of a heart attack on 28 February 2021 in Zagreb at the age of 65.

Sabah Abdul-Jalil

Sabah Abdul-Jalil (1 July 1951 – 28 February 2021) was an Iraqi coach and football midfielder. He last coached Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya. He made 37 appearances for the national team from 1975 until 1979, scoring six goals.

Abdul-Jalil died on 28 February 2021 from COVID-19 in Baghdad, aged 69.

Louis Nix

Louis Anthony Nix III (July 31, 1991 – February 27, 2021) was an American professional football defensive tackle in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish. 

Nix played for the Houston Texans, New York Giants, Washington Redskins and the Jacksonville Jaguars from 2014 until 2017. He called himself "Irish Chocolate."

Nix was reported missing on February 24, 2021. He was found dead three days later in Jacksonville, Florida at the age of 29.


A Cruel Romance

A Cruel Romance () is a 1984 Russian romantic drama movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov and is the second adaption of the 1878 play "Without a Dowry" by Alexander Ostrovsky. It stars Andrey Myagkov, Larisa Guzeyeva, Nikita Mikhalkov, Alisa Freindlich and distributed by Mosfilm.

Linus Nirmal Gomes

Linus Nirmal Gomes, S.J. (7 September 1921 – 27 February 2021) was an Indian Roman Catholic prelate. He was the first bishop of the newly created diocese of Baruipur from 1977 until his death. He retired in 1995. He became a priest in 1954. Gomes was appointed bishop to the Diocese of Baruipur on 30 May 1977 and ordained bishop on 19 November 1977.

Gomes died in Baruipur, West Bengal on 27 February 2021 at the age of 99.

Dante Crippa

Dante Crippa (10 March 1937 – 27 February 2021) was an Italian professional footballer. He played as a midfielder.

Crippa died on 27 February 2021 in Brescia, Italy at the age of 83.

Juan Antonio Bolea Foradada

Juan Antonio Bolea Foradada (30 March 1930 – 27 February 2021) was a Spanish politician. He was a Deputy from 1977 until 1979. He was the first president of Aragón from 1978 until 1981. He played a key role in the Spanish transition to democracy in that region.

Bolea Foradada died on 27 February 2021 from a heart attack, aged 90.

Nkulunkulu Mnikati wetibusiso temaSwati

"Nkulunkulu Mnikati wetibusiso temaSwati" (; "O Lord is Our God, Eswatini") is the national anthem of Eswatini. The lyrics were written by Andrease Enoke Fanyana Simelane and the music was composed by David Kenneth Rycroft.

Janice Sarich

Janice Sarich (April 26, 1958February 26, 2021) was a Canadian politician. She was a member of the Progressive Conservative. Sarich was born in Edmonton, Alberta. She was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 2008 until 2015.

Sarich died on February 26, 2021 from cancer in Edmonton, aged 62.

Yves Ramousse

Yves Ramousse (23 February 1928 – 25 February 2021) was a French Catholic bishop. He was a member of the Paris Foreign Missions Society (MEP) and Vicar Apostolic Emeritus of Phnom Penh in Cambodia from 2001 until his death. Ramousse was born in Sembadel, France.

Ramousse died on 25 February 2021 in Montauban, France from COVID-19, just three days after his 93rd birthday.

Joel A. Pisano

Joel A. Pisano (1949 – ) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the Judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey from 1991 until 2000. He was nominated to the court by President Bill Clinton. Pisano was born in Orange, New Jersey.

Pisano died in February 2021 at the age of 71.

Horacio Moráles

Horacio Moráles (27 June 1943 – 26 February 2021) was an Argentine footballer. He played as a defender. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Moráles died on 26 February 2021 in Larissa, Greece at the age of 60.

Aleksandr Klepikov

Aleksandr Grigorevich Klepikov (, 23 May 1950 – 26 February 2021) was a Soviet rower. He competed for the Soviet Union in the 1976 Summer Olympics, winning a gold medal. Klepikov was born in Leningrad, Soviet Union.

Klepikov died on 26 February 2021 at the age of 70.

Office Romance

Office Romance () is a 1977 Russian comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov and was based on the play "Co-Workers" by Ryazanov. It stars Andrey Myagkov, Alisa Freindlich, Oleg Basilashvili, Georgi Burkov, Pytor Shcherbakov and was distributed by Mosfilm.


Rafi Levi

Rafi Levi (22 February 1938 – 25 February 2021) was an Israeli footballer. He played most of his career in Maccabi Tel Aviv. Levi made 17 appearances in Israel national football team from 1958 until 1960.

Levi died on 25 February 2021 at the age of 83.

Alexander Zhdanov

Alexander Zhdanov (; 25 January 1951 – 21 February 2021) was a Russian actor. He was a Merited Artist of the Russian Federation in 1995. He was known for his roles in "The Wind of Travel", "Pugachev" and "Russian Symphony".

Zhdanov died on 21 February 2021 in Saint Petersburg, Russia at the age of 70.

Lionel Jefferson

Lionel Jefferson is a fictional character in the American situation comedy, "All in the Family" and it's spin-off "The Jeffersons". He is the son of George Jefferson and Louise Jefferson. Three actors play Lionel. D'Urville Martin plays Lionel in the two pilot episodes of "All in the Family" from the late 1960s but the episodes are not put on television. Mike Evans plays Lionel in "All in the Family" and the first season of "The Jeffersons". Damon Evans plays Lionel after Mike Evans left but Mike came back to play the character in 1979.

Arthur Cook (sport shooter)

Arthur Edwin "Art" Cook (March 19, 1928 – February 21, 2021) was an American sports shooter. He won a gold medal in the 50 metre rifle prone event at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.

Jimmy Lai

Lai Chee-Ying (, born 8 December 1947), also known as Jimmy Lai, is a Hong Kong entrepreneur. He founded Giordano. He is one of the main supporters of the pro-democracy camp, especially to the Democratic Party.

Lai is also an art collector.

Danielle Brooks

Danielle Brooks (born September 17, 1989) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Tasha "Taystee" Jefferson on the Netflix original series "Orange Is the New Black". She is also the voice of Officer Pearle Watson on the HBO Max animated series, "Close Enough".

Kimiko Glenn

Kimiko Elizabeth Glenn (born June 27, 1989) is an American actress and singer. She is known for her role as Brook Soso in the Netflix series "Orange Is the New Black". She also voices Peni Parker in "", Stefani Stilton in "BoJack Horseman", Bridgette in "Close Enough", and Baby Shark in "Baby Shark's Big Show!"

Jason Mantzoukas

Jason Mantzoukas (, ; born December 18, 1972) is an American character actor, comedian, writer, and podcaster. He is best known for his role as Rafi in the FX comedy series "The League", and as one of the three co-hosts of the podcast "How Did This Get Made?".

He also voices the characters Jay Bilzerian in the Netflix animated series "Big Mouth", and Alex Dorpenberger in the HBO Max animated series "Close Enough". He is known for often playing "crazy, funny weirdos."

Nahant, Massachusetts

Nahant is a town in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States. 3,334 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Close Enough

Close Enough is an American adult animated sitcom created by J. G. Quintel for HBO Max. 

At first, the series was created for TBS in 2017, but was not shown. After the AT&T purchase of Time Warner, the show was put on hold. It was released exclusively to the HBO Max streaming service on July 9, 2020 to April 7, 2022. The series has received positive reviews. On August 6, 2020, the series was renewed for a second season which premiered on February 25, 2021.

On February 10, 2021, the series was renewed for a third season.

The series revolves around a couple who are in their early thirties who have a five-year-old daughter and live with their divorced friends in a Los Angeles duplex. As they get into what seem like normal domestic crises that usually escalate in surreal, often science fiction-esque, ways.





The series was announced in May 2017, four months after Quintel's previous series, "Regular Show", concluded, and was originally planned to air on TBS, but it was delayed several times, and TBS's plans for the animation block to premiere it fell through when production on "The Cops" was shut down due to Louis C.K.’s admitted sexual misconduct. On October 29, 2019, it was announced that the series would instead make its home on HBO Max. The second half of the third episode was premiered at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival on June 15, 2020. On September 14, 2020, the series was broadcast internationally through Netflix and Adult Swim. The second season premiered on February 25, 2021 on HBO Max. The second season is scheduled to release on Netflix internationally on May 26, 2021.

The first season was originally set to run for ten episodes, but only 8 episodes were released when the series launched.

Gabrielle Walsh

Gabrielle Walsh (born May 10, 1989) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Marisol in the "" (2014), and as Jess in the science fiction thriller "The Hive" (2014). 

Walsh has also appeared on many television series such as "Shameless", "The Vampire Diaries", and "".

In 2020, she began voicing Emily in "Close Enough", an adult animated comedy series on HBO Max.

Louise Jefferson

Louise Jefferson is a fictional character in the American situation comedy "All in the Family" and its spin-off "The Jeffersons". She is played by actress Isabel Sanford. Louise is the wife of George Jefferson. They have a son named Lionel. Louise and her family are neighbors with Archie Bunker and his family. She is good friends with Edith Bunker. She and her husband own a cleaning business and they move to the East Side of Manhattan where the sitcom "The Jeffersons" takes place.

Ian North

Ian North (March 24, 1952 – February 28, 2021) was an American musician, producer and painter. He was born in New York City. North was known for being part of the bohemian punk movement in United States. He was known for performing with the pop rock band Milk 'N' Cookies.

North died on February 28, 2021 from a heart attack in New York City, aged 68.

José Guccione

José Daniel Guccione (7 February 1952 – 26 February 2021) was an Argentine politician and physician. He was a Deputy from 2011 to 2015. He was born in Posadas, Argentina. Guccione was a member of the Front for the Renewal of Concord. 

Guccione died on 26 February 2021 at a hospital in Posadas from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 69.

Ron Silver

Ronald Arthur Silver (July 2, 1946 – March 15, 2009) was an American actor, activist, director, producer, and radio host. He played Henry Kissinger, Alan Dershowitz and Angelo Dundee. He won a Tony in 1988 for Best Actor for "Speed-the-Plow". Silver was born in New York City. From 1991 to 2000, he was President of the Actors' Equity Association.

Silver died on March 15, 2009 in New York City from esophageal cancer, aged 62.

Angelo Dundee

Angelo Dundee (born Angelo Mirena; August 30, 1921February 1, 2012) was an American boxing trainer and cornerman. He was known for his work with Muhammad Ali (1960–1981).

He also worked with 15 other world boxing champions, including Sugar Ray Leonard, José Nápoles, George Foreman, George Scott, Jimmy Ellis, Carmen Basilio, Luis Manuel Rodríguez, and Willie Pastrano.

Katherine Shindle

Katherine Renee "Kate" Shindle (born January 31, 1977) is an American actress, singer, dancer, and AIDS activist. She is the President of the Actors' Equity Association. She was Miss America 1998 in 1998 and Miss Illinois in 1997. 

In 2014, she wrote a memoir, "Being Miss America: Behind the Rhinestone Curtain," published by the University of Texas Press. 

Swiss Psalm

"Swiss Psalm" (, ; , , literally "Swiss Song"; , ; , ) is the national anthem of Switzerland.

The original lyrics were in German, but because Switzerland has four official languages, there are also lyrics in the three other official languages; French, Italian and Romansh. The anthem also has English translations.

Below is a Swiss German translation of the Standard German lyrics above.


DZTC

DZTC (828 AM) Radyo Pilipino Tarlac is a radio station owned by Radio Corporation of the Philippines.

On a Magical Night

On a Magical Night () is a 2019 French Belgian Luxembourgian comedy movie directed by Christophe Honoré and starring Chiara Mastroianni, Vincent Lacoste, Benjamin Biolay, Camille Cottin, Carole Bouquet, Marie-Christine Adam.


Rush Hour 3

Rush Hour 3 is a 2007 American action comedy movie directed by Brett Ratner. It was written by Jeff Nathanson, based on the characters created by Ross LaManna. Staring: Chris Tucker, Jackie Chan, Max van Sydow, Roman Polanski and Yvan Attal. The story follow Chief Inspector Lee (Chan) and Detective James Carter (Tucker), tracking an assassin to Paris to unravel a mystery about the Chinese triads.




Rice People

Rice People () is a 1994 Cambodian French Swiss German drama movie directed by Rithy Panh and was based on the 1966 novel "No Harvest But a Thorn" by Shahnon Ahmad. It stars Peng Phan, Mom Soth, Chhim Naline, Sophy Sodany.


Brian: Portrait of a Dog

"Brian: Portrait of a Dog" is the seventh episode and the season finale of the first season of the animated comedy series Family Guy. It originally aired on Fox in the United States on May 16, 1999. It was written by Gary Janetti. Michael Dante DiMartino is the director of the episode.

Due to an unusual heat wave striking Quahog, the Griffin family is very hot and need money to get an air conditioner. Peter Griffin wants to put his dog Brian in a dog show with a prize of $500. Brian does not want to be in the dog show, but Peter makes him go anyway. Brian does some tricks at the dog show. He gets tired of being the "stereotype of the 'good dog'". He gets angry and leaves the show. 

When they get home, Peter has to pay a fine for not putting Brian on a leash. Brian gets very angry at Peter and leaves the family. The people of Quahog act bad to Brian. He tries to sleep at a bus stop but is told to leave. The Griffin family replaces Brian with a cat. The cat is very violent and causes trouble to the family. Brian is not allowed to go in restaurants or shops. He tries to run from the police after using a drinking fountain. He attacks a man and is taken by the police.

Brian is put in an animal shelter and will get a lethal injection. Peter starts making an appeal for him. Brian learns as many facts about the law as he can. He tries to defend himself, but the council thinks that it is foolish to listen to a dog. Peter tries to say his appeal, but instead bribes the council and gives everyone $20. Brian is now respected by the town of Quahog.

"Brian: Portrait of a Dog" was written by Gary Janetti and directed by Michael Dante DiMartino. It is the first episode that Janetti wrote. Mary Scheer, Dick Van Patten, Joey Slotnick, Rachael MacFarlane, Lori Alan, Butch Hartman, and Wally Wingert are guest stars in the episode.

Ahsan Haque from IGN said that the episode was made very well. He thought the jokes were great and that this was one of the best episodes of "Family Guy". Robin Pierson of "The TV Critic" thought that the episode was different from the other episode of the first season. He said that the story is more serious and that it was surprising to see more of Brian as a character.


Crash Dive

Crash Dive is a 1943 American World War II movie directed by Archie Mayo and starring Tyrone Power, Anne Baxter, Dana Andrews, James Gleason, Harry Morgan, Dame May Whitty. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and won an Academy Award in 1944.


Light Years Away

Light Years Away () is a 1981 Swiss French drama movie directed by Alain Tanner and starring Trevor Howard, Mick Ford, Bernice Stegers, Gerard Mannix Flynn, Henri Virlojeux, Joe Pilkington, Odile Schmitt.

Cerro Cora

Cerro Cora is a 1978 Paraguayan war movie directed by Guillermo Vera and was based on the last days of the Paraguayan War. It stars Roberto De Felice and Rosa Ros.


Nicole Johnson

Nicole Johnson (born January 9, 1974) is an American beauty queen, author, public health professional and activist. She was crowned Miss America 1999 in September 1998. Before that, she was Miss Virginia 1998. She was the first Miss America with diabetes. She was also the first contestant to publicize the use of an insulin pump.

Johnson works for diabetes treatment, research and education. She was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes in 1993.

Johnson also appeared in several television shows and movies.

Johnson was born in St. Petersburg, Florida

Erika Harold

Erika Natalie Louise Harold (born February 20, 1980) is an American beauty queen, politician, lawyer and former Miss America. She was Miss America 2003. Before that she was Miss Illinois 2002.

Harold's pageant platform was against bullying. In 2014, she was a candidate in the Republican primary for the 13th Congressional District Seat in the State of Illinois. She lost the nomination to the incumbent Rodney Davis.

Harold was born in Urbana, Illinois.

Sunset (color)

Sunset is a pale tone of orange. It is similar to the color of clouds when the sunlight from a sunset is reflected from them.

Sunray is a darker tone of sunset.

Sunset orange is pinkish.

Gallic Wars

The Gallic Wars were military campaigns waged by the Roman proconsul Julius Caesar against tribes in Gaul between 58 BC and 50 BC. The wars gave Rome rich farmlands in Gaul (roughly France and Belgium up to the Rhine).

Caesar's sub-commanders included Mark Antony, Titus Labienus, Quintus Tullius Cicero (brother of Marcus Tullius Cicero), Publius Licinius Crassus (brother of Marcus Licinus Crassus, the richest man in Rome), Decimus Brutus Albinus and Servius Sulpicius Galba (praetor 54 BC).

Julius Caesar described the Gallic Wars in his book "Commentarii de Bello Gallico". This is the main source, but it makes impossible claims about the number of Gauls killed (over a million), while claiming few Roman casualties. Modern historians believe that Gallic forces were far smaller than Caesar claimed, and that they (the Romans) suffered tens of thousands of casualties. One of the leaders of the Gauls, Vercingetorix, was taken to Rome, and later executed.

The main contemporary source for the conflict is Julius Caesar's "Commentarii de Bello Gallico". This was thought to be truthful and accurate until the 20th century. Even in 1908, Camille Jullian wrote a comprehensive history of Gaul and took Caesar's account as absolutely true. But after World War II, historians began to question if Caesar's claims stood up.

Modern estimates are that at the battle of Alesia, in 52 BC, there were about 70,000 Gauls, and the same number of Roman troops. That is still a very large number, in a world with far fewer people than is the case today.

Abeliophyllum

Abeliophyllum is a botanical genus that is in the family Oleaceae.

The main species of the "Abeliophyllum" are:

Acalypha

Acalypha is a botanical genus that is from the family Euphorbiaceae.

Acanthophoenix

Acanthophoenix is a botanical genus that is from the family Arecaceae. 

Three species are recognized: 

Dievs, svētī Latviju!

"God Bless Latvia" is the national anthem of Latvia. The words of the song was written in 1873 by a Latvian composer named Kārlis Baumanis. The tune, which he had also composed himself, is similar to that of British anthem "God Save the King". It became the national anthem of the Baltic country in 1920.

Acantholimon

Acantholimon is a botanical genus that is from the family Plumbaginaceae.

It have between 150 to 200 species including:


Saint Vincent, Land so Beautiful

"Saint Vincent, Land so Beautiful" is the national anthem of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.

Acanthus (plant)

Acanthus according to the APG II System, is a botanical genus that is from the family "Acanthaceae" .

Michelle Hinchey

Michelle Hinchey (born November 3, 1987) is an American politician. She is a Democrat from New York State.

In the 2020 New York State Senate election, Hinchey won with a margin of 51-49%. She took the office in January 2021.

Hinchey was born in Saugerties, New York. Her father was U.S. Representative Maurice Hinchey.

After Congressman Antonio Delgado was picked as lieutenant governor of New York in May 2022, Hinchey was mentioned as a possible candidate in a special election to fill his vacant House seat. 

Nauru Bwiema

"Nauru Bwiema" (; "Nauru, Our Homeland") is the national anthem of Nauru.

The lyrics are in the Nauruan language.

Abutilon

Abutilon is a scientific group of plants. It a genus the family Malvaceae. "Abutilon" has about 150 species of evergreen plants in it. The genus includes plants that die every year plants that grow back every year, shrubs, and trees of approximately 1 to 10 meters. They grow in the tropical and subtropical areas of all continents. 

The Abutilon flowers have five petals that can be red, pink, orange, yellow and white, sometimes called princess earrings. Some shrub representatives provide textile fibers.


Zurab Japaridze

Zurab Girchi Japaridze (; born 1 January 1976) is a co-founder of a Libertarian party called Girchi. On 26 December 2020, he founded a new party called Girchi - More Freedom. He is a member of the Parliament of Georgia.


Bailey's tree frog

Bailey's tree frog ("Dendropsophus werneri") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it as high as 800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 18 to 20 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 22 to 23 mm long. The eyes stick out from the head. The nose is round. This frog has vomerine teeth in its jaw. All four feet are webbed. They have discs on their toes for climbing, but they do not climb very high into the trees.

This frog lives near water, for example places that have been flooded. This frog can live near farms that human beings have left. The female lays eggs on top of the water, near plants.

State Anthem of Uzbekistan

The "State Anthem of the Republic of Uzbekistan" () is the national anthem of Uzbekistan.

All Hail, Liberia, Hail!

"All Hail, Liberia, Hail!" is the national anthem of Liberia.

Quantum healing

Quantum healing is a pseudo-scientific mixture of ideas which claim to draw on quantum mechanics, psychology, philosophy, and neurophysiology. Advocates of quantum healing say that quantum phenomena govern health and wellbeing. Quantum healing is a form of alternative medicine.

Deepak Chopra coined the term "quantum healing" when he published the first edition of his book with that title in 1989. His discussions of quantum healing have been characterised as technobabble - "incoherent babbling strewn with scientific terms" which drives those who actually understand physics "crazy" and as "redefining Wrong".

Hell Comes to Quahog

"Hell Comes to Quahog" is the 3rd episode of Family Guys 5th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on September 24, 2006. The episode is about Meg Griffin getting a job at a superstore. 

It was written by Kirker Butler. Dan Povenmire is the director of the episode. About 9.66 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast.

Peter, Cleveland, Joe, and Quagmire go roller skating at a roller rink. They forget to get Meg from the rink. Meg wants the family to get her a car. They go to a car dealership to get her one. Meg sees a sedan and wants to get it. However, Peter is tricked into buying a tank. Peter uses the tank for himself. He later teaches Meg how to use it. Joe impounds the tank when he gets hurt by it. Meg gets a job at a superstore so that she can get the money to buy her own car. The superstore makes other shops in the town go bankrupt. 

Peter loses his job at a brewery because the superstore makes better beer. Their town also gets a big heat wave. The superstore takes all of the energy used for the town's air conditioners. Peter wants to protest, but the superstore's air conditioning makes him feel better. He gets a job at the superstore with Meg. Meg gets a promotion as the assistant manager. She is told to fire Peter. Meg does not want to and stops working for the superstore. Brian and Stewie use Meg's tank to destroy the superstore. When the superstore gets destroyed, Peter gets his job at the brewery back and their air conditioning works again.

"Hell Comes to Quahog" was written by Kirker Butler. Dan Povenmire is the director of the episode. Many parts of the episode were not shown on television for being too violent or offensive. One of these parts was a disabled child petting Brian too rough. Brian bites the child. Another part shows a man watching the movie "Madagascar" while driving a car. The man says "Dude, those animals are so fucking funny".

The episode was put on a DVD with other episodes from the 5th season on September 18, 2007. Dave Boat, Carrie Fisher, Phil LaMarr, Rachael MacFarlane, Fred Tatasciore, Lori Alan, Alex Breckenridge, Johnny Brennan, Ralph Garman, Danny Smith, Alec Sulkin, and John Viener give their voices to many characters in the episode. 

About 9.66 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast.

Dan Iverson of IGN said that the episode has a funny start and a nice ending. He thought that the jokes were very funny and thought that the 5th season would make "Family Guy" as great as how the show started. Brett Love from TV Squad thought that the episode was better than the 5th season's first two episodes ("Stewie Loves Lois" and "Mother Tucker"). However, Love thought that the episode was too similar to the "South Park" episode "Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes". Love did not like how Peter was shown to be "retarded" after getting the job at the superstore, saying "Sometimes it plays really funny, and sometimes it just gets annoying."


Christopher Polhem

Christopher Polhammar (18 December 1661 – 30 August 1751), better known as Christopher Polhem, which he took after his ennoblement in 1716, was a Swedish scientist, inventor, and industrialist. He made large contributions to the economic and industrial development of Sweden, mainly mining. He was ennobled by King Charles XII of Sweden for his contributions to the development of Swedish technology.

Alan Bowness

Sir Alan Bowness CBE (11 January 1928 – 1 March 2021) was a British art historian, art critic and museum director. He was the director of the Tate Gallery between 1980 and 1988. Bowness was born in Finchley, Middlesex.

Bowness died on 1 March 2021 at his home in London, aged 93.

Emmanuel Félémou

Emmanuel Félémou (24 December 1960 – 1 March 2021) was a Guinean prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Kolouma, Guinea. Félémou became a priest in 1989. He was appointed bishop of Kankan in 2007.

On 1 March 2021, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Guinea, Félémou died in Conakry due to COVID-19.

Pietro Larizza

Pietro Larizza (July 21, 1935 – March 1, 2021) was an Italian politician and trade unionist. Larizza was born in Reggio Calabria, Italy. He was the general secretary of the Italian Labour Union (UIL) from February 1992 to 2000. Larizza was also a member of the Italian Senate from 2007 until 2008.

Larizza died on March 1, 2021 at the age of 85.


Andrea Nannini

Andrea Nannini (12 December 1944 – 1 March 2021) was an Italian volleyball player. He was part of the Italian teams that won the 1970 Summer Universiade and finished in eighth place at the 1976 Summer Olympics. Nannini was born in Modena, Italy.

Nannini died on 1 March 2021, aged 76.

Enrique San Francisco

Rogelio Enrique San Francisco Cobo, better known as Quique San Francisco (10 March 1955 – 1 March 2021) was a Spanish actor and comedian. He was born in Madrid. 

His career began in the 1960s. In 1965, he started his television career with Televisión Española 's show "Santi, botones de hotel". San Francisco's best known movie works were "Colegas" (1982), "Navajeros" (1980) and "El pico" (1983).

San Francisco died on 1 March 2021 at a Madrid hospital from sepsis caused by pneumonia, aged 65.

Anatoliy Zlenko

Anatoliy Maksymovych Zlenko (June 2, 1938 – March 1, 2021) was a Ukrainian politician. He was Ukraine's first Foreign Minister. from 1990 to 1994 and again from 2000 to 2003. Zlenko was the Permanent Representative of Ukraine to the United Nations from 1994 to 1997. He was born in Stavyshche, Kyiv Oblast.

Zlenko died on March 1, 2021 in Kyiv, Ukraine at the age of 82.

Li Zhaoxing

Li Zhaoxing (; born 20 October 1940) is a Chinese politician. He was the Foreign Minister of the People's Republic of China from 2003 to 2007. Li was born in Jiaonan, Qingdao, Shandong. He was a member of the Communist Party of China. He was appointed as one of the Elders but chose not to continue with the role.

Ela Bhatt

Ela Ramesh Bhatt (born 7 September 1933 - 2 November 2022), is an Indian activist and lawyer. She founded the Self-Employed Women's Association of India (SEWA) in 1972. She was its general secretary from 1972 to 1996. 

She is the current Chancellor of the Gujarat Vidyapith. She has won the Ramon Magsaysay Award (1977), Right Livelihood Award (1984) for "helping home-based producers to organise for their welfare and self-respect" and the Padma Bhushan (1986).

Kevin Feige

Kevin Feige ( ; born June 2, 1973) is an American movie producer and television producer. He became president of Marvel Studios in 2007. He is known for producing and creating many of the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies and television shows.

Walt Disney Studios (division)

The Walt Disney Studios is an American movie and entertainment studio. It is one of the four business segments of The Walt Disney Company. It is based in Burbank, California. It was founded in 1923 and is the fourth-oldest and one of the "Big Five" major movie studios.

Karl Schiewerling

Karl Schiewerling (18 May 1951 – 28 February 2021) was a German politician. He was born in Essen, Germany. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. He was a member of the German Bundestag from 2005 to 2017.

Schiewerling died at his home in Nottuln, Germany on 28 February 2021 from problems caused by cancer, aged 69.

Roger Kibbe

Roger Reece Kibbe (May 21, 1939 – February 28, 2021) was an American serial killer and rapist. He was known as the "I-5 Strangler". And The Original Golden State Killer. 

Kibbe found all but one of his victims on the freeways around Sacramento, California. On May 10, 1991, Kibbe was sentenced to 25 years to life imprisonment for the murder of Darcie Frackenpohl and, at least initially, to serve his time at Pleasant Valley State Prison.

Kibbe was murdered by an inmate on February 28, 2021 in Mule Creek State Prison in Ione, California at the age of 81. His death is being investigated as a homicide.

Ione, California

Ione ( ) is a city in Amador County, California. At the 2020 census, 5,141 people lived in Ione.

Mike Bradner

Mike Bradner (March 3, 1937 – February 26, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 1967 to 1977. He was Speaker of the Alaska House of Representatives from 1975 to 1977. Bradner was born in Washington, D.C.

Bradner died of COVID-19 on February 26, 2021, in Anchorage, Alaska at age 83.

Philip Ray Martinez

Philip Ray Martinez (July 13, 1957 – February 26, 2021) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas from 2002 until his death in 2021. Martinez was nominated to the court by President George W. Bush. He was born in El Paso, Texas.

Martinez died on February 26, 2021 in El Paso from a heart attack, aged 63.

Patrick Hoguet

Patrick Hoguet (23 May 1940 – 27 February 2021) was a French politician. He was born in Montmirail, France. He was a member of the Union for French Democracy. Hoguet was a member of the National Assembly of France between 1993 until 1997 and again from 2002 until 2003.

Hoguet died on 27 February 2021 at the age of 80.

Ferdinand Vega

Ferdinand Vega (30 April 1936 – 26 February 2021) was a Puerto Rican archer. He competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics. Vega was a Command Chief Master Sergeant in the Puerto Rico Air National Guard. He was born in Santurce, Puerto Rico.

Vega died on 26 February 2021 at the age of 84.

New York's 15th congressional district

New York's 15th congressional district is a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives in New York City, New York. Democrat Ritchie Torres has been the representative since 2021.

The 15th district used to be a Brooklyn-based seat but now it is the Bronx's main district.

From 1813 to 1823, 15th district got two seats in the House, elected at-large on a general ticket.

In New York State politics, there are a few minor parties who have different political opinions. Some parties will endorse the Republican or Democratic candidate.

Antoine Pfeiffer

Antoine Pfeiffer (27 February 1940 – 25 February 2021) was a French reformist pastor. He served as President of the Protestant Reformed Church of Alsace and Lorraine from 1988 to 2000 and was a member of the .

Pfeiffer died in Strasbourg, France on 25 February 2021, two days before his 81st birthday.

Archibald Mogwe

Archibald Mogwe (29 August 1921 – 25 February 2021) was a Botswana politician. From 1974 until 1984, he was the Minister of Foreign Affairs. From 1985 until 1994, he was Minister of Mineral Resources and Water Affairs. He was born in Kanye, Botswana.

Mogwe died on 25 February 2021 at the age of 99.

Walter Savitch

Walter John Savitch (February 21, 1943 – February 1, 2021) was an American computer scientist. He was best known for defining the NL (nondeterministic logarithmic space) and for Savitch's theorem. He was a professor at the University of California, San Diego.

Savitch died on February 1, 2021 in San Diego, California from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 77.


František Šedivý

František Šedivý (2 July 1927 – 23 February 2021) was a Czech writer and former political prisoner. He served as vice president of the Confederation of Political Prisoners. 

František Šedivý studied at the high school, from which he was expelled during the Heydrichiad in 1942 and in 1944 he worked in the Junkers factory. At that time, as a liaison, he actively participated in the anti-Nazi resistance. After the communist coup in February 1948, he became involved in the fight against the then regime by publishing and distributing leaflets, organizing illegal groups and helping to flee abroad. As a smuggler, he twice successfully transferred groups of refugees across the borders in Šumava. At university, he organized a group that was preparing for the soon-to-fall fall of the ruling regime. In early fifties of the 20th century , he managed to reveal an agent provocateur Golda . As a result, he was arrested in 1952 and at the age of 25 in the trial of Šedivý et al. (was identified as the leader of the group) sentenced to 14 years in prison for the crime of high treason and espionage. He was imprisoned on Mírov and spent many years in uranium mines in Jáchymov, at the central camp, the camp C , the camp L (the so-called Tower of Death) and in Pribram Bytiz and Vojna . He was released on parole in February 1964. After 1989, he became involved in the Confederation of Political Prisoners , where he held the position of First Vice-President. He was also the chairman of the Club dr. Milady Horáková and was also a member of the international PEN club and the author of several books. 

On the occasion of the national holiday of the Day of the Establishment of the Independent Czechoslovak State, he received the Order of Tomáš Garrigu Masaryk II from the hands of the President of the Republic Václav Klaus on 28 October 2009 . outstanding achievements for the development of democracy and human rights. On Saturday, 31 May 2008, he was granted honorary citizenship of the municipality of Zadní Třebaň. On May 7, 2010, he was granted honorary citizenship of the town of Řevnice. 

Southern Bavarian

Southern Bavarian or Southern Austro-Bavarian () is a variety of the original Austro-Bavarian language. It is mostly spoken in Austria (Tyrol, Carinthia, and Upper Styria) and Italy (South Tyrol). There are subvariants of Southern Bavarian. Gottscheerish and Cimbrian are all Southern Bavarian dialects.

The Tyrolean dialect is spoken in North Tyrol, East Tyrol, and South Tyrol. The Tyrolean dialect is close to the dialect spoken in Ostallgäu. The Carinthian dialect is spoken in Carinthia. The Carinthian dialect has a lot of Slavic similarities and spelling. The examples of Carinthian: the High German "a" often becomes "ò" instead of "å" and "Ei" becomes "à" ("Dòs wàss i nit"; High German: "Das weiss ich nicht").

The Book of Joe

"The Book of Joe" is the 2nd episode of Family Guys 13th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on October 5, 2014. In the episode, Peter Griffin helps his friend Joe Swanson publish a book that Joe wrote. Peter then acts as the writer of the book. Brian starts exercising to make himself look good to a female runner.

About 3.63 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast. Narshima Chintaluri from "TV Fanatic" thought that the episode was "enjoyable" becase of how the characters' personalities are shown in the episode.


Matea Bolívar

Matea Bolívar (1773-1886) was a slave owned by the family of Simón Bolívar. She was born to parents who were also the Bolívars' slaves. When she was 9, their owners forced her to leave her parents and start working on their plantation in San Mateo. Soon after Simón Bolívar was born, it became her job to raise and teach him. Today, she is considered a national heroine in Venezuela. However, she is usually celebrated as a mammy figure.

Motherland (anthem)

"Motherland" is the national anthem of Mauritius. It became the country's national anthem in 1968, when it became independent from the United Kingdom. The song's music was composed by a composer named Joseph Philippe Gentil, and the words of the song were written by a poet named Jean-Georges Prosper. It was created for a competition, and this song won that competition.

Like in the United States, there is no official language on the island country of Mauritius. The official lyrics for this song is in English. However, there are many languages spoken in Mauritius, because the country's residents are made of primarily of people from other parts of the world. The most commonly spoken languages spoken there are French, English, Creole, as well as Indian languages.

DZYA-AM

DZYA (1476 AM) Radio Pilipino Angeles is a Kapampangan language-radio station owned by Radio Corporation of the Philippines.

Mamoru Morimoto

Morimoto died on 28 February 2021, aged 81.

Nandkumar Singh Chauhan

Nand Kumar Singh Chauhan (8 September 1952 – 2 March 2021) was an Indian politician. He was born in Burhanpur, Madhya Pradesh. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. Chauhan was a member of the Lok Sabha from 1996 until 2009 and again from 2014 until his death.

Chauhan died on 2 March 2021 at a New Delhi hospital from COVID-19, aged 68.

Tiago Dantas

Tiago Filipe Oliveira Dantas (born 24 December 2000) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Eredivisie club AZ Alkmaar, on loan from Primeira Liga club Benfica, as a midfielder.

Benfica

Bayern Munich

Bernard Guyot

Bernard Guyot (19 November 1945 – 1 March 2021) was a French road cyclist. He competed in the individual road race at the 1964 Summer Olympics. Guyot was born in Savigny-sur-Orge, France.

Guyot died on 1 March 2021 at the age of 75.

Eileen Anderson

Eileen Anderson (October 18, 1928 – November 3, 2021) was an American politician. She was Mayor of Honolulu, Hawaii from 1981 to 1985. She was the first woman to hold the office. 

Frank Fasi

Frank Francis Fasi (August 27, 1920 – February 3, 2010) was an American politician. He was the longest serving Mayor of Honolulu, Hawaii. He was mayor for 22 years. He also was a territorial senator and member of the Honolulu City Council.

Fasi died on February 2010 in Honolulu at the age 89.

Kirk Caldwell

Kirk William Caldwell (born September 4, 1952) is an American politician. He was the mayor of Honolulu, Hawaii from 2013 to 2021. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He unsuccessfully ran for Governor of Hawaii in 2022.

Rick Blangiardi

Rick Blangiardi (born September 15, 1946) is an American television executive and politician. He became mayor of Honolulu in 2021. He is politically Independent.

Dana Ivey

Dana Robins Ivey (born August 12, 1941) is an American actress. In 1997, she won a Drama Desk Award. 

Her best known movie roles were in "The Color Purple" (1985), "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" (1988), "The Addams Family" (1991), "" (1992), "Two Weeks Notice" (2002), "Rush Hour 3" (2007), and "The Help" (2011).

United National Movement (Georgia)

United National Movement (, "Ertiani Natsionaluri Modzraoba", ENM) is a political party in Georgia founded by Mikheil Saakashvili which rose to power following the Rose Revolution. Was rulling party from 2004 to 2012.




Michael Gudinski

Michael Solomon Gudinski AM (22 August 1952 – 2 March 2021) was an Australian businessman. Gudinski was mostly known for forming the record company Mushroom Records in 1972. Gudinski was born in Caulfield, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria.

Gudinski died in his sleep while at home in Melbourne from a heart attack on 2 March 2021, aged 68.

Born American

Born American (Finnish: Jäätävä polte; also known as Arctic Heat) is a 1986 Finnish American action movie directed by first time director Renny Harlin and starring Mike Norris, David Coburn, Piita Vuosalmi, Vesa Vierikko, Thalmus Rasulala, Albert Salmi.


Heaven Can Wait (1943 movie)

Heaven Can Wait is a 1943 American fantasy comedy movie directed by Ernst Lubitsch and was based on the 1934 play "Birthday" by Leslie Bush-Fekete. It stars Don Ameche, Gene Tierney, Charles Coburn, Marjorie Main, Laird Cregar, Spring Byington, Aubrey Mather, Allyn Joseph, Tod Andrews and was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1944. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. The film made $1,286,200 in funds.


Happy Land (movie)

Happy Land is a 1943 American World War II drama movie directed by Irving Pichel and was based on the 1943 novel of the same name by MacKinlay Kantor. It stars Don Ameche, Harry Carey, Frances Dee, Ann Rutherford, Richard Crane, Cara Williams, Harry Morgan, Minor Watson, Walter Baldwin, Oscar O'Shea, Mary Wickes and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Himno Nacional de Honduras

The "Himno Nacional de Honduras" ("National Anthem of Honduras") is the national anthem of Honduras.

Ivan Perišić

Ivan Perišić (born 2 February 1989) is a Croatian footballer. He currently plays for Inter Milan and the Croatian national team. He has also played beach volleyball at the 2017 FIVB Beach Volleyball World Tour.

Borussia Dortmund

VfL Wolfsburg

Bayern Munich





Ivan Rakitić

Ivan Rakitić (born 10 March 1988) is a Croatian footballer. He plays for Al-Shabab. He has played for the Croatian national team.

Basel

Sevilla

Barcelona

Croatia

Individual

Orders


Rio Uapes tree frog

The Rio Uaupes tree frog ("Dendropsophus tintinnabulum") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in the District of Cucuí, Amazonas.

Georgia's 14th congressional district

Georgia's 14th congressional district was created after the 2010 Census, when Georgia gained a 14th seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. Republican Marjorie Taylor Greene has been the representative since 2021.

The district is in Northwest Georgia.

No Democrat has ever got more than 30% of the vote.

The district was made from some of the old 9th and 11th districts after the 112th Congress, based on the 2010 census.

Hristo Bonev

Hristo Atanasov Bonev (Bulgarian: Христо Aтанасов Бонев; born 3 February 1947), also known as Zuma (Bulgarian: Зума), is a former Bulgarian footballer. He last managed Lokomotiv Plovdiv in the Bulgarian A PFG.

He was capped 96 times by Bulgaria bwtewwn 1967 and 1979, where he scored 48 goals. He played at the 1970 and 1974 FIFA World Cups. He mostly played for Lokomotiv Plovdiv, but he also played for CSKA Sofia and AEK Athens. In 1982, he came out of retirement to play for Oxford United in 1982.

After his retirement, he became a manager for Lokomotiv Plovdiv. He would also manage Panathinaikos, AEL Larissa, Ionikos, APOEL, the Bulgarian national team, Lokomotiv Sofia, and Sachsen Leipzig.


Cancer (astrology)

Cancer is the fourth astrological sign in the Zodiac that represents the constellation of Cancer. The Moon is the patron planet of people which were born from June 22 to July 22.

In astrology Cancer is ruled by the Moon. 

Simra - just awesome

Julius Caesar - roman dictator

Henry VIII

Rembrandt 

Ernest Hemingway

Nikola Tesla

Nelson Mandela - South African 1st president and activist

Ingmar Bergman

Harrison Ford

Tom Cruise

Liv Tyler

Eva Green

Ariana Grande

Virgo (astrology)

Virgo is an astrological sign. It is an earth sign. Virgo represented by the goddess of wheat and agriculture. This shows Virgo's deep-rooted presence in the material world. Virgos are said to be logical, practical, and systematic in how they see life. Virgos are often the most successful people in the world. 

Latin-1 Supplement

Latin-1 Supplement is a Unicode block. It has 128 characters. The characters in the block are control characters, punctuation, and letters with diacritics. All of the characters were added in the first version of Unicode. This block was named Latin1 in the first version.

Balustrade

A balustrade is an object made up of several balusters, usually around a balcony or other high place, usually to make sure that nobody falls off of it.

Encyclopedia Griffin

"Encyclopedia Griffin" is the 11th episode of "Family Guy"s 13th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on February 15, 2015. In the episode, Peter Griffin and his friends start a detective agency. They learn that Chris is stealing things to make a doll. Lois sees Chris and his doll as a way to make her marriage with Peter better.

The episode was written by Lew Morton. Jerry Langford is the director of the episode. About 2.51 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast. Narshimha Chintaluri from "TV Fanatic" thought that the story sounded funny, but the episode was not very interesting. The Parents Television Council hated the episode and called it the "Worst of the Week" because it put children in sexual themes.


Sheldon Cooper

Sheldon Lee Cooper Ph.d, Sc.d is a fictional character in the American comedy sitcom "The Big Bang Theory", played by Jim Parsons, and the "Young Sheldon" series, played by Iain Armitage. Sheldon is known for his intelligence, and his childish behaviour and manners.

Sheldon says he went to College when he was 11. That he graduated when he was 14 and that he got his Phd when he was 16. Sheldon moved to California to prove String theory at Caltech. Sheldon let Leonard Hofstadter become his roommate since he didn’t have enough money to pay for it himself. 

Sheldon says that he was bullied a lot when he was a kid and that he got swirlies all the time, even in Church. Sheldon tells Leonard “it wasn’t my first pantsing, it won’t be the last”. Sheldon also says that when he was nine years old and in High school, people threw eggs at his head. Sheldon says that his brother and sister both bullied him with “wedgies, swirlies, pantsings, and the classic why are you hitting yourself.” He also says his neighbours bullied with chickens and that other kids hit him in the head with books. 

Sheldon always wants everything done his way, he always tells everyone else that he’s smarter than they are and he has his friends all sign contracts to figure out how they can be friends. Sheldon also makes sure to have a schedule for everything and labels everything he owns. Sheldon also wants everything to be clean and organized. Sheldon loves Star Trek, Star Wars, Doctor Who, DC Comics and Marvel Comics but he hates Babylon 5. Sheldon has a list of people he hates called his enemies list. It’s said that Sheldon doesn’t understand when he’s being a jerk because “the part of his brain that should know is getting a wedgie from the rest of his brain.” Whenever people think Sheldon has a Mental illness, he says “I’m not crazy, my mother had me tested.” 

A lot of people in the real world think that Sheldon has Asperger syndrome but some people think he doesn’t. Bill Prady and Chuck Lore have said he doesn’t. Jim Parsons said that he didn’t think Sheldon was Autistic when he started playing him but after reading John Elder Robison’s book about having Asperger’s, Parsons thinks Sheldon is Autistic. When Dr. Neil deGrasse Tyson asked Dr. Mayim Bialik if Sheldon were Autistic she said “the show doesn’t pathologize its characters”. 

When Dr. Ramona Norwitzki meets Sheldon she falls in love with him. He works with her, that surprises everyone because they thought Sheldon was Asexual. When Norwitzki wants Sheldon to put her name on a paper he wrote, Sheldon tells her to go away. 

When Howard Wolowitz and Raj Koothrappali want to know if Online dating works, they decide to try to find a girlfriend for Sheldon. They find Amy Farrah Fowler. 

Sheldon and Amy are just friends until Amy starts dating Sheldon’s friend Stuart and Sheldon gets jealous. So Sheldon asks Amy to be his girlfriend. 

Amy breaks up with Sheldon after she thinks he’s more interested in The Flash than in her. Sheldon gets back together with Amy after realizing how much he loves her because of a Beach Boys song. As his Birthday present to her, Sheldon has sex with Amy for the first time. After Dr. Norwitzki comes back, Sheldon asks Amy to marry him and she says yes. They have Mark Hamill do the wedding ceremony for them. 

In the last episode, Sheldon and Amy win the Nobel Prize in Physics for an idea called Super Asymmetry. Sheldon gives a speech thanking his friends for how supportive they are of him. 

Sheldon’s the main character in Young Sheldon. He’s played by Iain Armitage. Some of the stories in Young Sheldon are very different from how Sheldon told them in The Big Bang Theory. 

Menander

Menander (; "Menandros"; c. 342/41 – c. 290 BC) was a Greek dramatist. He is the best-known of Athenian "New Comedy". 

He wrote 108 comedies. He took the prize at the Lenaia festival eight times. His record at the Dionysia is unknown.

Although he was one of the most popular writers of antiquity, his work was lost during the Middle Ages. It is known now in fragments, many of which were discovered in the 20th century. Only one play, "Dyskolos", has survived almost entirely.

Maude Findlay

Maude Findlay was a fictional character in her own American situation comedy Maude. She was also in two episodes of "All in the Family". Maude is played by actress Bea Arthur. Maude is the cousin of Edith Bunker who is the wife of Archie Bunker. She and Archie Bunker do not like each other and she is one of Archie's antagonists. Maude moves to Upstate New York where "Maude" takes place. In the show she had an abortion which was very controversial and the show almost ended because of it.

Dixiecrat

The Dixiecrat (also called The States' Rights Democratic Party) was a political party in the United States that was around for a very short time. The Dixiecrats did not agree with civil rights and wanted more states' rights. They were in the Southern United States. In 1948 they left the Democratic Party and formed their party. They met in Birmingham, Alabama and nominated Governor of South Carolina Strom Thurmond for 1948 United States presidential election. In the election they won the U.S states of South Carolina, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Alabama with 39 electoral votes and over 1,000,000 popular votes. The party ended shortly after.

Vernon Jordan

Vernon Eulion Jordan Jr. (August 15, 1935 – March 1, 2021) was an American businessman and civil rights activist. He worked for many Civil Rights Movement organizations. He was a presidential adviser to President Bill Clinton.

Jordan died at his home in Washington, D.C. on March 1, 2021 at the age of 85.

Mikhail Studenetsky

Mikhail Vladimirovich Studenetsky (; 6 March 1934– 1 March 2021) was a Soviet basketball player. He was a point guard of the Soviet team between 1954 and 1959. He won a silver medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics, He was born in Moscow.

Studenetsky died on 1 March 2021 in Moscow, aged 86.

Chris Barber

Donald Christopher Barber OBE (17 April 1930 – 2 March 2021) was an English jazz musician. He was best known as a bandleader and trombonist. His best known recording was "Petite Fleur" in 1958.

Barber died on 2 March, 2021 from problems caused by dementia, aged 90.

2016–17 La Liga

The 2016–17 La Liga season was the 86th season of La Liga. It was also known as LaLiga Santander for sponsorship reasons. The season began on 19 August 2016 and ended on 21 May 2017.

Real Madrid won the title after their victory against Málaga on the final matchday. This win gave Them their record 33rd title, and their first since the 2011–12 season. They also became only the second side, after Barcelona in 2012–13, to score in all 38 games of a La Liga season.

A total of 20 teams contested the league, including 17 teams from the 2015–16 season and 3 promoted teams from the 2015–16 Segunda División. This included the two top teams from the Segunda División, and the winners of the play-offs.

The three promoted clubs replaced Rayo Vallecano, Getafe, and Levante. Those teams were relegated at the end of the previous season after five, twelve, and six years respectively.


The Zamora Trophy is awarded by newspaper "Marca" to the goalkeeper with least goals-to-games ratio. A goalkeeper had to have played at least 28 games of 60 or more minutes to be eligible for the trophy.



The league's best players and coaches were honoured with the La Liga Awards. The awards were run by La Liga's governing body, the Liga de Fútbol Profesional. 

Peter Grosser

Peter Grosser (28 September 1938 – 2 March 2021) was a German football player and coach. He spent six seasons in the Bundesliga with TSV 1860 Munich. He also represented Germany twice from 1965 until 1966. He was born in Munich.
Grosser started his career with FC Neuhofen then he went on to MTV München. In 1956 he went to the youth of FC Bayern München. 1958 he played for the first team. 1963 he went to TSV 1860 Munich. With this team he played in the 1965 in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup versus West Ham United. 1969 he went to Austria and played 164 matches for SV Austria Salzburg. 1975 his career ended.
1974 till 1982 he was youth coach of TSV Forstenried. 1977 till 1987 he was manager of SpVgg Unterhaching, he reached Amateurliga Bayern (then 3rd level). 1993 he came back to reach the 2nd Bundesliga but failed. From 1990 till 2011 Peter Grosser was vicepresident of SpVgg Unterhaching. 

Grosser died on 2 March 2021 in Munich, aged 82.

Bunny Wailer

Neville O'Riley Livingston, OM (10 April 1947 – 2 March 2021) best known as Bunny Wailer, was a Jamaican singer-songwriter and percussionist. He was an original member of reggae group The Wailers along with Bob Marley and Peter Tosh. He won three Grammy Awards. 

He was also known as Bunny Livingston and Jah B.

In October 2018, Wailer suffered a minor stroke, which caused speech problems.

Wailer died in Kingston, Jamaica on 2 March 2021 from stroke-related problems, at the age 73.

Kaiser Shipyard

Kaiser Shipyard were seven shipyards on the West Coast of the United States. They were used very much during World War II and built Liberty ships. The shipyards were owned by Kaiser Shipbuilding Company. Henry J. Kaiser was the founder of Kaiser Shipyard.

Savigny-sur-Orge

Savigny-sur-Orge is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is 19.1 km (11.9 mi) from the center of Paris in the département of Essonne.

2017–18 La Liga

The 2017–18 La Liga season, also known as LaLiga Santander for sponsorship reasons, was the 87th La Liga season. The season began on 18 August 2017 and ended on 20 May 2018. The fixtures were released on 21 July 2017.

Real Madrid were the defending champions. Barcelona, won the league title on 29 April 2018 with four matches left. 

A total of 20 teams competed in the league: the 17 teams from the 2016–17 season and the 3 promoted teams from the 2016–17 Segunda División. The three promoted teams included the two top teams from the Segunda División and the winners of the play-offs.

The table lists the positions of teams after each week of matches. In order to preserve chronological evolvements, any postponed matches are not included in the round at which they were originally scheduled, but added to the full round they were played immediately afterwards. For example, if a match is scheduled for matchday 13, but then postponed and played between days 16 and 17, it will be added to the standings for day 16.


The Zamora Trophy is awarded by newspaper "Marca" to the goalkeeper with the lowest goals-to-games ratio. A goalkeeper has to have played at least 28 games of 60 or more minutes to be eligible for the trophy.

 Player scored 4 goals; (H) – Home ; (A) – Away




The Chica Show

The Chica Show is an American live-action/animated television series for preschool children. It is based on the puppetry segments of "The Sunny Side Up Show" on Sprout. It features the chicken puppet character Chica in full episodic animated adventures instead of the usual continuity of "The Sunny Side Up Show". The program was first broadcast on November 24, 2012/ A preview episode was shown on October 31, 2012. The program began to to be broadcast as part of the NBC Kids block on Comcast/NBCUniversal's sister network NBC in February 2013. A second season started on July 29, 2013 and ended in 2018.

Creek Fire (2020)

The Creek Fire was a large wildfire that started on September 4, 2020 near Shaver Lake, California. The fire burned 379,895 acres (153,738 ha) and was declared 100% contained on December 24, 2020. It became the largest single blaze in the state on September 23 after the fire reached to 290,000 acres.

Black Angel (1946 movie)

Black Angel is a 1946 American crime drama movie directed by Roy William Neill and was based on the 1943 novel of the same name by Cornell Woolrich. It stars Dan Duryea, June Vincent, Peter Lorre, Broderick Crawford, Constance Dowling, Wallace Ford, Hobart Cavanaugh, Freddie Steele and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Sidemen (YouTube group)

The Sidemen are a British YouTube group. They have many channels with a total of 16 million subscribers as of 2021.

The group has the following members:


Fenway Sports Group

Fenway Sports Group, LLC (FSG), is an American sports company who own Major League Baseball team Boston Red Sox, professional Premier League Football club, Liverpool FC, and NHL team Pittsburgh Penguins 

FSG was founded in 2001 as New England Sports Ventures (NESV) when John W. Henry joined forces with Tom Werner, Les Otten, The New York Times Company, and other investors to successfully bid for the Red Sox. NESV changed their name to Fenway Sports Group in March of 2011.

Satoshi Yamaguchi

Satoshi Yamaguchi can mean:

Safety orange

Safety Orange(also known as blaze orange, vivid orange) is a hue.


New York's 2nd congressional district

New York's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives. Republican Andrew Garbarino has been the representative for the district since 2021.

The congressional district is on Long Island, New York.

The districts were separated in 1809.

From 1809 to 1823, two seats were apportioned to the second district, elected at-large on a general ticket.

New York election law allows for fusion voting, where a candidate can run as a member of multiple parties. The pooled vote totals for candidates are listed first, and the split of the votes among the parties they ran as is listed beneath. See below for blank, void, and scattering notes.*

Dendropsophus leali

The yellow-toed tree frog ("Dendropsophus leali") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru, French Guiana and Brazil.

Forever Marshall Islands

"Forever Marshall Islands" (Marshallese: Indeeo Ṃajeḷ) is the national anthem of the Marshall Islands. Former President Amata Kabua created the lyrics. Korean composer Gil ok-yun composed the music. President Amata Kabua requested that a new anthem be created. The song was finished and recorded at Oasis records in Seoul.

It replaced the old national anthem, "".


Central Macedonia

Central Macedonia is one of the thirteen administrative regions of Greece. It covers the southern part of the geographic region Macedonia. Sometimes, the region is called South Macedonia. Its capital is Thessaloniki. Central Macedonia has borders with Albania, North Macedonia, and Bulgaria. About 2.8 million people live in Central Macedonia.

Vasyl Virastyuk

Vasyl Yaroslavovych Virastyuk (Ukrainian: "Васи́ль Яросла́вович Вірастю́к"; born April 22, 1974 in Ivano-Frankivsk) is a Ukrainian actor, strongman, Honored Master of Sports of Ukraine and holder of the titles "Strongest Man of Ukraine" (2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2005) and "Strongest Man in the World" ( 2004). Member of the national team of Ukraine, which won the title of "Strongest Nation in the World" in 2003 and 2004.

Vasyl Virastyuk was born on April 22, 1974 in Ivano-Frankivsk in the family of a truck driver. Brother Roman Virastyuk (April 21, 1968 - July 27, 2019), who became a bronze medalist of the European Championship in shot put in 1994.

At the age of 10 he started doing athletics, pushing nuclei. At the age of 13, he got behind the wheel of a truck for the first time and immediately drove 25 kilometers.

1981 - went to the first grade of Ivano-Frankivsk secondary school № 4. 1989 - finished the 8th grade and entered the College of Physical Culture of his hometown.

1992 - after graduating from college he served in the military for 2 years.

In 1994-2000 he worked as an athletics coach at the Ukraine Sports Association.

Since 2000 he has lived in Lviv and worked as a security guard at Concern Galnaftogaz.

From 1984 to 2000 he was involved in athletics - shot put. He was a member of the national team of Ukraine in athletics.

In 1995 he fulfilled the standards of a master of sports.

In 1998 he fulfilled the standards of a master of sports of international class.

Since 2000 he has been involved in STRONGESTMAN power all-around.

In 2002 he became the third in the competition for the title of "Strongest in Central Europe" and won the Grand Prix of the international tournament in Salzburg (Austria). He was sixth in the IFSA (International Federation of the World's Strongest Athletes) superseries.

In 2003, he won third place at the Strongmen World Championships in Zambia.

In 2004, he won the World's Strongest Man Championships in the Bahamas. But he took sixth place in the most prestigious competitions in power sports "Arnold Classic". In the same year, Vasyl took part in the TV show "Fort Boyer", where he was captain of the team of Heroes.

In 2007 he won the competition in Seoul (South Korea) and won the IFSA World Extreme Power Champion title. In September of that year, the "strongman" remarried. His wife Inna is an employee of the German pharmaceutical company Bayer in Ukraine. On March 19, 2008, Vasyl had a second son, the baby was named Oleg.

He starred in the films How Cossacks… (2009) and Ivan Sila (2013)

On November 9, 2015, the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine announced that Vasyl Virastyuk had become a Border Guard Inspector (serving his term at Lviv Airport). As a result, it turned out that Vasyl became the hero of the TV project "Western Border", produced by the Lviv regional TV channel NTA.

On February 11, 2021, at the congress of the pro-government Servant of the People party, Virastyuk was nominated as a candidate for by-elections in the 87th constituency of Ivano-Frankivsk region, where Marusya Zvirobiy had previously been nominated as a candidate from the European Solidarity party.

2018-19 Serie A

The 2018–19 Serie A (known as the Serie A TIM for sponsorship reasons) was the 117th season of top-tier Italian football. Juventus won their 7th Serie A title in a row. The season was played between 18 August 2018 to 26 May 2019.

 Player scored four goals ; 

In 2019, Serie A introduced the Serie A Awards for the first time, using calculations from Opta Sports and Netco Sports to determine the best players of the season.

Žydrūnas Savickas

Žydrūnas Savickas ( ​[ʑiːˈdrûːnɐs sɐˈvʲɪtskɐs]; born July 15, 1975) is a Lithuanian powerlifter and strongman. He has won many championships in every kind of international strongman competition. Many people think he is one of the best strength athletes of all time.

Žydrūnas Savickas first became interested in strength sports after watching a Lithuanian strongman contest on TV in 1989. Three years later, he took part in that same strongman contest, and defeated a number of older and more experienced competitors. At age 17, Savickas began to train in powerlifting. In his second powerlifting contest, he broke all the Lithuanian records.

North Wembley

North Wembley is an area in North West London and Wembley. It is in the London Borough of Brent and is mostly made up of the 1930s Sudbury Court Estates. The major roads in the area are East Lane, Watford Road, and Sudbury Court Drive. Most of it is part of the Wembley HA0 postcode area, but a small part in the east (including East Lane Business Park) is in Wembley HA9, and parts in the west (including Sudbury Court Drive) are in Harrow HA1.

Sudbury Court Estate was built between 1927 to 1935, one of the best surviving mock tudor housing in the wider area. The estate was built under Captain Edward George Spencer-Churchill, first cousin of Winston Churchill.

Sandringham, Norfolk

Sandringham is a village in Norfolk. Sandringham is famous because that is where Sandringham House and its estate are. Sandringham House is a holiday home of Queen Elizabeth II and several other people related to the English Royal Family. Near the house is the Royal Stud, a stud farm that houses many of the royal horses. The village was the birthplace of Diana, Princess of Wales.

Iowa's 1st congressional district

Iowa's 1st congressional district is a congressional district is the U.S state of Iowa. It is in the northeast part of the state. The cities in the district are Dubuque, Cedar Rapids and Waterloo. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district is currently represented by Republican Ashley Hinson who beat the Democrat Abby Finkenauer in the 2020 United States House of Representatives elections.


Iowa's 2nd congressional district

Iowa's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S state of Iowa. It is in the southeast part of the state. The district includes the cities of Davenport, Iowa City, Muscatine, Clinton, Burlington, Ottumwa, Fort Madison, Oskaloosa, Bettendorf, Newton and Pella. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district is currently represented by Republican Mariannette Miller-Meeks who changed the district from Democrat to Republican after the Democrat retired. She won the election by 6 votes. 

Mississippi's 4th congressional district

Mississippi's 4th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S state of Mississippi. The district is in the southeast part of the state and is on the border of Alabama and Louisiana. It includes three of Mississippi's four cities with the most people: Gulfport, Biloxi, and Hattiesburg. The other big cities within the district include Bay St. Louis, Laurel, and Pascagoula.

Mississippi's 2nd congressional district

Mississippi's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Mississippi. The district is in almost all of western Mississippi. It includes most of Jackson, Greenville and Vicksburg, Clarksdale, Greenwood, and Clinton. The district's border goes along the Mississippi River. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district's current representative is Democrat Bennie Thompson.

Mississippi's 1st congressional district

Mississippi's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S state of Mississippi. The district is in the northeast corner of the state. It includes the cities of Columbus, Oxford, Southaven, and Tupelo. The counties are Alcorn, Benton, Calhoun, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Clay, DeSoto, Itawamba, Lafayette, Lee, Lowndes, Marshall, Monroe, Pontotoc, Prentiss, Tate, Tippah, Tishomingo, Union, Webster, and Winston counties and parts of Oktibbeha County. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district is currently represented by Republican Trent Kelly.

Mississippi's 3rd congressional district

Mississippi's 3rd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S state of Mississippi. The district is in the middle of the state and goes from the border of Louisiana in the west to the border of Alabama in the east. The large cities in the district include Meridian, Starkville, Pearl, and Natchez. It also includes most of the wealthier parts of Jackson. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The current representative is Republican Michael Guest.

Nebraska's 3rd congressional district

Nebraska's 3rd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Nebraska. The district makes up most of the state besides parts of the eastern side. The district has 68 counties and is in two time zones. It includes the cities of Grand Island, Kearney, Hastings, North Platte, Alliance, and Scottsbluff. Also, it has the Sandhills region and a large part of the Platte River. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district is currently represented by Republican Adrian Smith.

Orrville, Ohio

Orrville is a city in Wayne County, Ohio, United States. The population was 8,452 at the 2020 census.


Texas's 6th congressional district

Texas's 6th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Texas. The district is southeast of Dallas and includes the counties of Ellis, Navarro and the corner of Tarrant County. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. No one is currently represented the district because the representative, Republican Ron Wright, who had been the representative since 2019 died on February 7, 2021 from COVID-19. A special election will happen on May 1, 2021.

Ancient Meitei language

Ancient Meitei or Old Manipuri was the early form of the present day Meitei language (Manipuri language) and was the national language of Ancient Manipur.
The language is as old as the reign of Emperor ""Tangja Leela Pakhangba"" in Ancient Manipur, right from 1445 BC, and was spoken upto the beginning of the Medieval Manipur.



2021 Texas's 6th congressional district special election

The 2021 Texas's 6th congressional district special election will be happen on May 1, 2021. This is a special election because the current representative, Republican Ron Wright died February 7, 2021 of COVID-19. When there is a district in Texas that does not have a representative when it is meant to then the Governor of Texas orders a special election. The special election to fill Texas's 6th congressional district will take place on May 1, 2021. Many people think the election will be close because the Democratic Party has been doing better in the district and they think this is their chance to change the district for Republican to Democrat. If the candidates in the election have less than 50% of the vote then their is a runoff election were the top two candidates are trying to get elected. This would happen on May 24, 2021.

Daytime running light

A daytime running lamp or daytime running light is an automotive lighting and bicycle lighting device on the front of a road motor vehicle or bicycle, They come on when the vehicles handbrake has been pulled down or engaged in-gear, showing a white, yellow, or amber light. Their use is to help other road users identify an active vehicle.


Paramount Global

Paramount Global (doing business as Paramount) is an American multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate controlled by National Amusements and headquartered at One Astor Plaza in Midtown Manhattan in New York City. The company was formed on December 4, 2019, as ViacomCBS Inc. through the merger of the second incarnations of CBS Corporation and Viacom (which were split from the original Viacom on December 31, 2005). The company changed its name to Paramount Global on February 16, 2022, the day after its Q4 earnings presentation.

Ferdinand Ghesquière

Ferdinand "Fernand" Ghesquière (1 March 1933 – 1 March 2021) was a Belgian politician. He was a member of the Christian Social Party. He was a member of the Chamber of Representatives from 1985 to 1987 and between 1991 and 1999. He was a member of the Senate from 1987 to 1991.

Ghesquière was born in Ostend and died in the same place, aged 88.


Àlex Casademunt

Alejandro Casademunt González commonly known as Àlex Casademunt (30 June 1981 – 2 March 2021) was a Spanish singer, actor and television presenter. He was known for being a contestant on the musical contest "Operación Triunfo 2001". Casademunt was born in Vilassar de Mar,Barcelona. 

Between 2003 and 2004, he began his career as a television presenter on the children's program "Los Lunnis" of TVE.

Casademunt was killed in a car crash on 2 March 2021 in Mataró, Barcelona at the age of 39.

Zhou Yulin

Zhou Yulin (; 12 February 1923 – 2 March 2021) was a Chinese mathematician and academic. In 1991, he was elected as a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Zhou was born in Shanghai. He taught at Peking University and at China Academy of Engineering Physics. He was best known for his works on mathematical simulation and physical processes of China's nuclear weapons.

Zhou died on 2 March 2021 in Beijing at the age of 98.


Tomas Altamirano Duque

Tomas Altamirano Duque (9 September 1927 – 3 March 2021) was a Panamanian politician. He was the First Vice President of Panama from September 1, 1994 to September 1, 1999, under President Ernesto Pérez Balladares. He was a member of the Democratic Revolutionary Party. 

Altamirano Duque died in Panama City on 3 March 2021, aged 93.

Jim Croce

James Joseph Croce (; January 10, 1943 – September 20, 1973) was an American folk and rock singer-songwriter. He became well known at first for his third album "You Don't Mess Around with Jim" which included his single "Time in a Bottle". Another well known single of his was "Bad, Bad Leroy Brown", which was the only No. 1 hit he had during his lifetime.

On September 20, 1973, the day before the lead single to his fifth album, "I Got a Name", was released, Croce was killed in a plane crash near Natchitoches, Louisiana at the age of 30. 

Jeroen van Merwijk

Jeroen van Merwijk (11 September 1955 – 3 March 2021) was a Dutch comedian, painter, and songwriter. He was born in Bilthoven, Netherlands. He was mainly known for his theatre performances between 1986 and 2019. A singer, his best known singles were "Zuid Afrika" and "Dat vinden jongens leuk". He wrote songs for among others: Hans Dorrestijn, Adèle Bloemendaal, Karin Bloemen and Erik van Muiswinkel.

Van Merwijk announced in February 2020 that he had colorectal cancer. He died in his hometown Sainte-Juliette, France on 3 March 2021, aged 65.


Ruy Scarpino

Ruy Santos Scarpino (17 February 1962 – 3 March 2021) was a Brazilian football manager. Scarpino was born in Vitória, Espírito Santo. His managing career lasted from 1999 until 2020. His best known managing teams were with Imperatriz, Ceará and Ituano.

During the COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil, he was hospitalized with COVID-19 on 28 February 2021. He died on 3 March in Manaus, Amazonas at the age of 59.

White-collar worker

A white-collar worker is a worker who has a high salary for doing a job that needs a lot of skill but do not do jobs that need a lot of labor like a blue-collar worker. They are also called "shirt and tie" workers and got the name "white-collar worker" because many of them would wear good clothes with white collars. An example of a white-collar worker is a person who works at an office or at a desk. White collar workers usually make more money then blue-collar workers.

Pedro Jiménez Galán

Pedro Jiménez Galán (April 1919 – 3 March 2021) was a Spanish politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. From 1977 until 1979, he was a member of the Congress of Deputies. He was also a political prisoner during the dictatorship of Francisco Franco. Jiménez Galán was born in Valdepeñas de Jaén, Spain.

Jiménez Galán died on 3 March 2021 at his home in Chiclana de Segura, Spain at the age of 101.

Valdepeñas de Jaén

Valdepeñas de Jaén is a city in the province of Jaén, Spain. In the 2005 census, 4,315 people lived here.

Chiclana de Segura

Chiclana de Segura is a city in the province of Jaén, Spain. In the 2018 census, 962 people lived here.

R143 (New York City Subway car)

The R143 is a class of New Technology Train cars built by Kawasaki Rail Car Company for the New York City Subway's B Division . It operates mainly on the L line, but also operated on the J, M, and Z lines. 

Gagauz language

Gagauz is a Turkic language spoken by the Gagauz people. They live in Moldova, Ukraine, Russia and Turkey. It is the official language of the Autonomous Region of Gagauzia in Moldova.

Gagauz belongs to the Oghuz branch of Turkic languages, with Azerbaijani, Turkmen, and Turkish. Gagauz has two dialects, Bulgar Gagauzi and Maritime Gagauzi. Gagauz is not the same language as Balkan Gagauz Turkish.
The Gajal, the Sunni Muslim Branch of the Gagauz, live in Turkey-East Thrace, once came from Moldova.

Alexander Dennis Enviro350H

The Alexander Dennis Enviro350H is a hybrid-electric powered single decker low-floor bus. It was built from 2010 to 2013. It was built by Alexander Dennis.

R179 (New York City Subway car)

The R179 is a class of 318 new technology (NTT) New York City Subway cars built by Bombardier Transportation for the B Division. The cars replaced all remaining R32s and R42s . The R179 is similar to the R160 and R143 but it runs on the A, C, J and Z lines. The R179 order originally contained 208 cars that were each 75 feet 23 m long. In 2010 -2014 Capital Program, the order was changed to 290 cars that were 60 feet 18 m long - similar to the car lengths of he R143 and R160 cars - with options for up to 130 more cars. The majority of the R179s we're supposed to be in 300 - foot - long 91 m five car sets because the R179s will be replacing the 75 foot long R44s, which will be arranged in 300 -foot- long car sets. The R179s have two doors at each end of each car and the R160 has the same too.

Jim Crockett Jr.

James Allen Crockett Jr. (August 10, 1944 – March 3, 2021) was an American professional wrestling promoter. From 1977 to 1989, he was part owner of Jim Crockett Promotions (JCP). From 1976 to 1977, Jim Crockett Promotions also owned the Charlotte Orioles. He was born in Charlotte, North Carolina.

On February 28, 2021, Crockett was hospitalized for multiple organ failure in Dallas, Texas. He died three days later, aged 76.


Robin Kelly

Robin Lynne Kelly (born April 30, 1956) is an American politician. She is the U.S. Representative from since 2013. She is a Democrat.

Kelly was in the Illinois House of Representatives from 2003 to 2007. She then was chief of staff for Illinois State Treasurer Alexi Giannoulias until 2010.

Bradley University

Bradley University is a private university in Peoria, Illinois. It was founded in 1897. 5,400 students go here. The university has over 30 graduate programs and over 100 undergraduate programs.

Dominican University (Illinois)

Dominican University (DU) is a private Catholic university in River Forest, Illinois. It has a bachelor's and master's degrees and certificate programs. Dominican University offers more than 50 majors in the Rosary College of Arts and Sciences and 20 programs in five graduate academic divisions.

Tony Accardo

Anthony Joseph Accardo (; born Antonino Leonardo Accardo, ; April 28, 1906 – May 22, 1992), also known as "Joe Batters" and "Big Tuna", was an American longtime mobster. He was the boss of the Chicago Outfit from 1947 until 1972. 

Meitei script

Meitei script () or Meetei script () is an abugida used for Meitei language (officially known as Manipuri language), the sole official language, the lingua franca and the predominantly spoken tongue of the Indian state of Manipur.


Sudbury, London

Sudbury is a suburb in the London Borough of Brent, in northwest London. Sudbury is formed of Wembley (western part) and is centred around 0.6 miles (1 km) west of Wembley Central railway station.


On Chiltern Railways there are two stations:

Wembley Central station

The Wembley Central station is a railway (train) station in Wembley, London. It is a transfer station on the West Coast Main Line, London Overground and London Underground Backerloo Line.


Serhiy Tihipko

Sergey Leonidovich Tihipko (, born 13 February 1960) is a Ukrainian politician and financier, PhD in Economics. He is former Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Social Policy of Ukraine. 

Serhiy Tihipko was born on 13 February 1960 in Dragoneshty, Moldovan SSR. He started his education in the local school. Then he entered the Metallurgical Institute in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine and graduated in engineering-metallurgy in 1982. For 2 years later he served in the Armed Forces of the USSR (tank troops). 

From 1984 to 1986 he worked as a Secretary of the Komsomol Committee, Head of the Department and Deputy Director for Training and Production of the Dnipropetrovsk Mechanical and Metallurgical Technical School. 

He was a Secretary for Propaganda and Agitation of the Dnipropetrovsk Regional Committee of the LKSMU from 1987 to 1989. 

After 90's he started to work with finances and in 1991 became a Deputy Chairman of the Board of Dnipro Bank and a year later a Chairman of the Board of Privatbank (Dnipropetrovsk). But he left the FIG "Privat" in 2001. 

In 1994 he was close to Leonid Kuchma and was his freelance monetary policy adviser. 

From 1997 Tihipko became a Deputy Prime Minister for Economic Affairs in the office of Pavel Lazarenko. 

Then he became the 10th Minister of Economy of Ukraine and took that position till 2000. 

Tihipko became a Chairman of the National Bank in 2002, from 2005 to 2007 he was a Chairman of the Board of Financial and Industrial Group TAS and a Chairman of the Board of OJSC "Swedbank" from 2007. 

From 2009 he took a post of a Deputy Prime Minister in the government of Azarov (2010), Minister of Social Policy (2010), Deputy Chairman of the Party of Regions (2012) and he is a Chairman of the Strong Ukraine political party from 2014 till now. 

Tihipko started his active work as a Ukrainian politician in 2000 when he was elected a deputy of the Verkhovna Rada and became a member of the Verkhovna Rada Committee on Finance and Banking. 

He effectively cooperated with Ukrainian leaders. In 2003 he headed the election headquarters of Viktor Yanukovych, then in 2008 he became an Adviser to the Prime Minister of Ukraine Yulia Tymoshenko. 

In 2009 he headed the Strong Ukraine party and a year later created the "Tigipko Bloc". Tihipko prepared the Pension Reform in 2011 and the Law on decriminalization of economic crimes in 2021. Both were approved by the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine. 

In 2014 he ran for the President of Ukraine and would like to lead the Party of Regions, but the trial wasn`t successful. This year he was also among the people's deputies who voted for "dictatorial laws". 

Tihipko is a businessman too. He is an owner of PE "Cititrend-Step" and PJSC Insurance Company "Industrialna". Also he owns a number of different enterprises. 

Since 2016, he owns 99% of the shares of Universal Bank, a branch of which is Monobank. By the rank of the magazine "NV" "Top 100 richest Ukrainians", published in October 2019, the fortune of Serhiy Tihipko is estimated at $ 407 million. He took the 17th place in the ranking. 

He was rewarded as a Knight of the Order of the Legion of Honor.

He is married and has 4 children.

Firstly, he married in 1981 with Natalia Tihipko. They had a daughter Anna in 1984. She studied in Oxford and currently works in one of the parent companies. But Serhiy Tihipko and Natalia Tihipko divorced in 2004. Now she manages the medical clinic TAS and the newspaper "Economic News", is related to the enterprises (LLC) "Nafto-gas Service"; "First International Finance Corporation"; "VS Extra LTD". 

He married for the second time in 2004 with Victoria Tihipko. She is an organizer of the IDCEE forum, since 2010 is included in the rating of "100 most influential women of Ukraine". They had 3 children in 2002, 2005 and 2008.

European Champion Clubs' Cup

The European Champion Clubs' Cup, (also known as Coupe des Clubs Champions Européens), or simply the European Cup, was a trophy awarded every year by UEFA to the football club that wins the UEFA Champions League. The competition in its older format of the UEFA Champions League. The UEFA Champions League and the European Cup are the same thing, the only difference is the name (in 1992 the name changed from European Champion Clubs' Cup to UEFA Champions League). The first award was given in 1956.

Raj Koothrappali

Rajesh "Raj" Ramayan Koothrappali, Ph.D. is a fictional character on the CBS television series "The Big Bang Theory". He is played by British Indian actor Kunal Nayyar. He is one out of 4 characters who appear in every episode of the Big Bang Theory (Howard Wolowitz, Leonard Hofstadter and Sheldon Cooper). Raj has a doctorate in astrophysics. His best friend, Howard is an astronaut and has been on the International Space Station (ISS). 

Chile Rise

The Chile Rise or Chile Ridge is a mid-ocean ridge in the Pacific, off the coast of Chile. On the ridge, the Nazca plate and the Antarctic plate meet. 

Netto-uyoku

Netto-uyoku or Net uyoku (Japanese Internet rightists), also called Netouyo, is the term used to refer to far-right Japanese neo-nationalists who interact and post almost entirely online. Their mediums are forums and Social media sites. Japanese critic and writer Furuya Tsunehira described them as a "new breed of neo-nationalists who interact almost entirely within their own cyber community, shut off from the rest of society" . Furuya goes on to explain that on average, these people are around 40 years old, and about three quarters of them are male. According to Furuya they are concentrated in major urban areas, particularly the Tokyo-Kanagawa region.

Their average annual income is slightly higher than the median for their age, and most are graduates of four-year universities." This profile is different to European and American ultra-rightist groups who are mostly made up of disaffected low-income and unemployed youth. Furuya further observes that although active on the web, they lack institutional political representation offline, leading to a sense of frustration and a tendency to be more active online and to back the more right-wing elements of the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan, especially Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's administration as a substitute for having a party of their own.

Phil Chisnall

John Philip Chisnall (27 October 1942 – 4 March 2021) was an English footballer. He played as an inside forward in the 1960s and 1970s.

Chisnall was born in Manchester. In 1964, he signed for Liverpool from Manchester United. As of 2023, he is the last player to have been sold between the two rivals. He also played for Southend United and Stockport County.

Chisnall died on 4 March 2021, at the age of 78.


Dendropsophus walfordi

Dendropsophus walfordi is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in the basin formed by the Amazon River.

Puya

Puya may refer to:

Our Palau

"Belau rekid" (; "Our Palau") is the national anthem of Palau. It was officially adopted in 1980. The music was written by Ymesei O. Ezekiel, to which the combined words of several authors were set.

The lyrics are officially sung in Palauan, but has been translated into the two other official languages of Palau, English and Japanese.

Alaska Highway

The Alaska Highway is a highway in the U.S state of Alaska and the Canadian province of the Yukon. It is 1,390 miles long.

List of highest-grossing Kollywood movies

Kollywood is the Tamil film making industry based in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. The following are the highest grossing Kollywood movies. The Tamil film industry made the first nationally distributed film across India in 1948 with Chandralekha.

Nebraska's 1st congressional district

Nebraska's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Nebraska. The district takes up most of eastern Nebraska besides the parts in 2nd congressional district. It includes the state capital Lincoln, as well as the cities of Bellevue, Fremont, and Norfolk. After the 2010 United States Census, the 1st congressional district was changed to include an eastern part of Sarpy County. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives.

Arkansas's 1st congressional district

Arkansas's 1st congressional district is a U.S. congressional district in the U.S. state of Arkansas. The district is in the eastern part of the state. The counties in the district are Arkansas, Baxter, Chicot, Clay, Cleburne, Craighead, Crittenden, Cross, Desha, Fulton, Greene, Independence, Izard, Jackson, Lawrence, Lee, Lincoln, Lonoke, Mississippi, Monroe, Phillips, Poinsett, Prairie, Randolph, Saint Francis, Searcy, Sharp, Stone, and Woodruff. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district is represented by Republican Rick Crawford. When Crawford was elected in 2010 he was the first Republican to represent the district since 1875.

The 2018 election was held on November 6, 2018.

Quagmire's Mom

"Quagmire's Mom" is the 10th episode of "Family Guy"s 13th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on February 15, 2015. In the episode, Glenn Quagmire is guilty for having sex with a minor (statutory rape). His born again mother helps him show that he is innocent.

"Quagmire's Mom" was written by Tom Devanney. Greg Colton is the director of the episode. Allison Janney is a guest star as Quagmire's mother. The episode was watched by about 2.81 million people when it was first broadcast. Narsimha Chintaluri from "TV Fanatic" thought that the episode was "entertaining". He said he was tricked because he thought "Quagmire might learn a lesson for the first time". The Parents Television Council were unhappy that the episode made jokes on statutory rape. They wanted people to make complaints to the FCC about the episode.


Paparazzi

Paparazzi (plural, singular is Paparazzo for men, and paparazza for women) are independent photographers. Very often, they illegally take pictures of well-known (high-profile) people who go about their daily routines. They then sell these pictures to media outlets or tabloid newspapers.

Cocktail party effect

When they are in a noisy environment, humans have the ability to focus their hearing onto one source. This phenomenon is called cocktail party effect. It is named after the fact that a person attending a noisy cocktail party is able to focus their listening to the conversation they are doing, and disregard the other conversations. 

It has been proposed that one's sensory memory subconsciously parses all stimuli and identifies discrete pieces of information by classifying them by salience. This effect is what allows most people to "tune into" a single voice and "tune out" all others. This phenomenon is often described in terms of "selective attention" or "selective hearing". It may also describe a similar phenomenon that occurs when one may immediately detect words of importance coming from unattended stimuli, for example hearing one's name among a wide range of auditory input.

An inability to segregate stimuli in this way is sometimes referred to as the cocktail party problem or cocktail party deafness.

Tito Ortiz

Tito Ortiz (born January 23, 1975 in Huntington Beach, California) is an American mixed martial artist. He is known for fighting in the UFC.

Gloria (American TV series)

Gloria is an American situation comedy television program and a spin-off of "Archie Bunker's Place". It was on television from September 26, 1982, to April 10, 1983 on CBS. The show was about Sally Struthers playing her role of Gloria Stivic, the daughter of Archie Bunker again.

The story of the show is the Gloria Stivic was on her own after her husband, Michael Stivic left her to go live in a commune with another woman in California. Gloria wants to live closer to her father, Archie Bunker so she and her son Joey pack up and move to New York. But Gloria does not want to live in the city so she moves to Upstate New York. She takes a job as a assistant to two veterinarians. Even though the show did good in the Nielsen ratings CBS did not make a second season. It was one of the few "All in the Family" spin-offs that did not do well. 

CBS did not like "Gloria"s first pilot which had a short cameo by Carroll O'Connor as Archie Bunker dropping off Gloria and Joey at Dr. Adams' clinic and residence. But the episode was put on to "Archie Bunker's Place" as a backdoor pilot.


A backdoor pilot, called "Gloria: The First Day", was first aired as the 29th and final episode of the third season of "Archie Bunker's Place".


Billy Halop

Billy Halop (February 11, 1920 - November 9, 1976) was an American actor. He was born in Jamaica, Queens. He was in many movies like, "Dead End" where he played a gang leader. He played the cab driver, "Mr. Munson" on the television situation comedy, "All in the Family". He died on November 9, 1976. 

3:10 to Yuma (1957 movie)

3:10 to Yuma is a 1957 American western movie directed by Delmer Daves and was based on the 1953 short story of the same name by Elmore Leonard. It stars Glenn Ford, Van Heflin, Felicia Farr, Leora Dana, Robert Emhardt, Ford Rainey, Richard Jaeckel, Robert Ellenstein and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was remade in 2007.


Quantez

Quantez is a 1957 American action western movie directed by Harry Keller and starring Fred MacMurray, Dorothy Malone, Sydney Chaplin, John Gavin, John Larch, Michael Ansara. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Boys in Brown

Boys in Brown is a 1949 British crime drama movie directed by Montgomery Tully and was based on the 1940 play of the same name by Reginard Beckwith. It stars Jack Warner, Richard Attenborough, Dirk Bogarde, Jimmy Hanley, Barbara Murray, Patrick Holt, Graham Payn.


Equale

An equale is a composition of music for several instruments of the same type. Most of the time, they are short festive pieces. Most of them were written to be played at funerals, or at days where the dead are remembered, such as All Souls' Day. The instrument commonly used is the trombone. Among the best known are probably "Drei Equale für vier Posaunen" WoO 30, by Ludwig van Beethoven (composed 1812), and "2 Aequale für 3 Posaunen" by Anton Bruckner, composed 1847.

The Lost People

The Lost People is a 1949 British drama movie directed by Bernard Knowles and Muriel Box and was based on the play "Cockpit" by Bridget Boland. It stars Dennis Price, Mai Zetterling, Richard Attenborough, Maxwell Reed, William Hartnell, Siobhán McKenna, Gerard Heinz, Zena Marshall, Olaf Pooley, Harcourt Williams, Jill Balcon, Grey Blake.

The Guinea Pig (movie)

The Guinea Pig is a 1948 British drama movie directed by Roy Boulting and was based on the 1946 play of the same name by Warren Chetham-Strode. It stars Richard Attenborough, Sheila Sims, Bernard Miles, Cecil Trouncer, Robert Flemyng, Edith Sharpe, Joan Hickson, Anthony Newley, Oscar Quitak.


František Lízna

František Lízna (July 11, 1941 – March 4, 2021) was a Moravian priest, Jesuit and chairman of the editorial board of the Akord magazine. He focused mainly on the pastoral care of Roma, prisoners and the homeless.

He was born in Jevíčko on July 11, 1941. He came from a communist-persecuted family, he was imprisoned five times for political reasons and performed his military service with the PTP in Slovakia. In 1968 he was admitted to the novitiate of the Jesuit order and becme a priest in 1974. 

In 1978 he signed Charter 77. After the Velvet Revolution he worked in Brno and in the prison in Kurim. From 1995 to 2004 he worked as a prison clergyman in Mírov and until his death he was a pastor in Vyšehorky. In 2000 he became a member of the government's Human Rights Council. 

He died in 4 March 2021 from COVID-19 at an Olomouc hospital, aged 79.

The Sand Pebbles (movie)

The Sand Pebbles is a 1966 American war adventure drama movie directed by Robert Wise and was based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Richard McKenna. It stars Steve McQueen, Richard Attenborough, Richard Crenna, Candice Bergen, Mako Iwamatsu, Marayat Andriane, Ford Rainey, Simon Oakland, Gavin MacLeod and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 8 Academy Awards in 1967.


The Shooting (movie)

The Shooting is a 1966 American western movie directed by Monte Hellman and starring Jack Nicholson, Warren Oates, Will Hutchins, Millie Perkins.


Jimmy Spratt

James Andrew Spratt (19 August 1951 – 4 March 2021) was a British politician and police officer from Northern Ireland. He was a member of the Democratic Unionist Party. He was an MLA for South Belfast from 2007 to 2015.

Spratt was to Lynda. The couple had four children. He was a Presbyterian. He died on 4 March 2021, at the age of 69.

The Saint in London

The Saint in London is a 1939 British crime movie directed by John Paddy Carstairs and was based on the 1932 short story "The Million Pound Day" by Leslie Charteris. It stars George Sanders, Sally Gray, David Burns, Gordon McLeod, Henry Oscar, Athene Seyler, Ralph Truman, Norah Howard and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was the third movie of the series of eight movies.


Financial technology

Financial technologies "(FinTech)" are technologies which people use in financial services to help companies manage the financial aspects of their business. Nowadays fintech is the basis for all online transactions - money transfers, loans and more. Many technology startups and large organizations that try to improve financial services are considered to be a part of fintech.

Or Fintech refers to the integration of technology into services offering by financial companies so as to improve their use and delivery to their consumers.

FinTech refers to new applications, processes, products or business models in the field of financial services that are provided through the Internet. Services may be provided by different independent providers at the same time. Usually it includes at least one licensed bank or insurance company. Their interaction is often regulated by special laws and regulations, such as the European Payment Services Directive.

FinTech companies are special because of the ability to create innovations.

It was said by the Professor of the School of Management in Friborg Patrick Schueffel that ""Fintech is a new financial industry that uses technology to improve its financial performance"". It is considered to be the meaning of the term.

The word fintech was first published in the 1980s: an article by Peter Knight entitled FinTech was published in the Sunday Times. It meant the bot that made the changes to his email.

The companies in the field of fintech began to grow rapidly and changed a lot after the global financial crisis in 2008. Large corporations began to invest in the fintech business, which was like an alternative to the old business models of the financial sector. Traditional banks, on the other hand, had millions of customers who wanted new service standards.

In Ukraine, the state promotes the development of fintech in accordance with the Strategy approved by the National Bank of Ukraine in July 2020.

Currently more than 100 fintech companies are working in Ukraine and their amount is increasing.

There are more than 10,000 different fintech companies operating in different fields in the world.

It is a set of tools that a financial institution provides to third-party business structures to create and develop its own innovative services. It includes a processing center, acquiring and billing system.

Mr. Wu (1919 movie)

Mr. Wu is a 1919 British drama movie directed by Maurice Elvey and was based on the 1913 play of the same name by Maurice Vernon and Harold Owen. It stars Matheson Long, Lillah McCarthy, Meggie Albanesi, Roy Royston, Teddy Arundell and was remade in 1927 as "Mr. Wu".

Bidzina Kulumbegov

Bidzina Kulumbegov (b. 30 January, 1980) is a Georgian pediatrician, allergist and TV presenter.

1999-2005 he studied at Tbilisi State Medical University. 2005-2008 he was a resident of Tbilisi State Medical University - a pediatrician. In 2008 he passed a 3-month internship in Austria. At the Linz Mothers and Children Clinic.

In 2008-2009 he was a junior doctor at the Center for Allergy and Immunology. In 2009 he received a state certificate. Since 2010 he has been working at the Center for Allergy and Immunology (Pediatric Allergist). Since 2016, he is the co-host of the Imedi TV program "Day Show"

From 2002 to 2005 he was a member of the University ( Tbilisi State Medical University ) iv. Member of the Tarkhnishvili Student Scientific Society, Chairman of the Pediatrics Section; Young member of the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology since 2005. In 2003 he participated in the European Medical Students Association and Iv. Tarkhnishvili TSMU Student Scientific LXVI Conference. Has received the Presidential Award for 1st place. In 2004, at the LXVII Conference of the same name, he again received the Presidential Award for 1st place.

In 2004 he participated in the II European Asthma Congress in Tbilisi . In 2005 he became a scholarship holder of the President of Georgia. In 2005 participated in the Leiden International Student Medical Congress ( Netherlands; Speaker); 2009 - European Pediatric Allergy and Asthma Meeting (Venice, Italy). In 2011 he became a young member of the European Respiratory Society. In 2012 he participated in the European Academy of Allergology and Clinical imunologi Congress (Milan, Italy).

From 2020, together with Gvantsa Daraselia, he is co-host of the program "Pandemia" on Rustavi 2.




Nokia N90

Nokia N90 (also known as Nokia N9) is an smartphone, it was announced in Nokia Corporation on April 27, 2005 in States for Building in Hollywood Hills, Hollywood, California. Nokia was announced in Nokia N90 in September 24, 2004, the released for collection flip camera was changed features succesor for Nokia N92 and Nokia N93, in Nokia N91 has been available for Nokia Corporation, Nokia N90 has been news features is flip camera from workgroup and more Nokia tablet, succesor for performance is Nokia Tablet Congress until September 25, 2006.

Nokia has been starting news announced is Nokia Tablet Congress can released until September 25, 2006, also known two features the smartphone from Nokia Tablet like Microsoft Windows Tablet PC, in Nokia N91 has been available for free in Nokia Corporation, in January 15, 2004, Nokia announced Nokia Tablet Congress has been launch for four device is Nokia N90, N91, N92 and N93, based for Nokia N70 along with Nokia N81. 
In April 2004, Nokia N92 from Nokia Corporation was announced on 2005 and 2006, in June 17, 2004, Nokia announced Nokia N90 has been released on April 27, 2005. The free smartphone people in news flip camera and more, in reception video has been wrote by Wall Street Journal on May 17, 2005. It has been <nowiki>"Nokia N90 starting together, but was stay"</nowiki>, also known for premiere in YouTube on May 19, 2010. Nokia N90 has collection features is flip camera for Nokia N90 suits and more choice for everything Nokia N90 released in worldwide.

Nokia N90 has partner for flip camera in Nokia Corporation, they have been developed for Nokia, also known reach is Nokia Tablet Congress can be released on until September 25, 2006, launch for three device in Nokia N90, the partner that smillar for Nokia N92 and N93. Nokia N90 has been the partner face email, call and more, features can collection for camera just smillar like Nokia Tablet Congress.

Nokia N90 has been the upside camera, can choice beginning from Nokia Tablet Congress was announced on September 25, 2006 in New York City, United States. They launch Nokia N90, N91, N92 and N93 announced in Nokia Tablet Congress, also known Nokia Tablet Congress has available for Campaign Shop in November 10, 2006 and ended on December 11, 2006. Nokia N90 has partner for design in fult camera, swipe for camera.

The reception for Nokia N90 has been for children in Nokia N90, support partner is Wall Street Journal wrote on May 17, 2005, they choice wrote this <nowiki>"We have make sure for Nokia N90"</nowiki>, Nokia N90 has announced for Nokia Connecting Peoples developed for flip camera, Nokia N90 has smillar for Nokia 6300 partner for Menu options and more, Nokia N90 can wrote choice by photo during taken, in June 2010, Nokia N90 available desgin from features.

The video has launch for camera is premiere for YouTube on July 12, 2012. Also known the children in the yard, they another people can collection for Nokia Corporation in Nokia Connecting Peoples, Nokia N90 has changed for many features in known for flip camera upside Power buttons. Nokia N90 in video ended also big boy collect for Nokia N90 flying in the sky video, and checking from Nokia Connecting Peoples, after ended video, Wall Street Journal wrote <nowiki>"Nokia N90 get free together"</nowiki> in Nokia Connecting Peoples.

Nokia N90 can legacy from Nokia Corporation from member camera and more, Nokia N90 can based for launch Nokia N91, N92 and N93 from worldwide, in June 2013. Nokia N90 reach five features is email, photo camera and more. 

In July 2018, Nokia N90 has support producted for Nokia Connecting Peoples, they announced in Nokia headquarter on Las Vegas, United States. Nokia N900 was announced released on July 5, 2012 in Los Angeles, California.

In May 2012, Nokia Corporation has ended discontinued for Nokia N90 and N93 has producted ended on August 22, 2012 and August 25, 2012. Also development status has available.


Old Irish

Old Irish was the Goidelic language in the Middle Ages. People spoke Old Irish in Ireland, before the year 1000 AD. Old Irish was a Goidelic language, and modern Goidelic languages like Irish and Scots Gaelic came from it.

People speaking Insular Celtic languages probably first came to Ireland at the start of the Iron Age, about 500 BC. By around 500 AD, people in Ireland all had the same Goidelic language and culture. Speakers of Old Irish began to move to Britain as Britain became weaker. Other peoples of Britain named these people the Scot.

Old Irish was the only language in the Goidelic languages until Old Irish split into the modern Goidelic languages of Irish, Scots Gaelic, and Manx. These languages are Insular Celtic languages and part of the bigger group of Celtic languages.

Koji Kondo (footballer)

Kondo was born in Kariya on April 28, 1972. After graduating from Shizuoka Gakuen High School, he joined Matsushita Electric (later "Gamba Osaka") in 1991. From 1992, he played as regular player at many positions, midfielder and side-back. However at 1996 Emperor's Cup on December 29, he hit his head with opponent. A brain tumor was found by the examination. This match became his last match. He left the club in June 1998. He played 133 games and scored 4 goals in the league.

On May 22, 1994, Kondo debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. He played as right side-back. On May 29, he also played against France. He played 2 games for Japan in 1994.

On April 17, 2003, Kondo died of brain tumor in Toyoake at the age of 30.

133||4||15||1||23||0||170||5
133||4||15||1||23||0||170||5

!Total||2||0

Glenn Highway

The Glenn Highway is a highway in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is 179 miles (288 kilometres) long. it is between Anchorage and Glennallen on the Richardson Highway. The Tok Cut-off is often considered a part of the highway.

The highway was named for Captain Edwin Glenn, who was a leader in the U.S Army. The highway originated from the Palmer Road in the 1930s.

Richardson Highway

The Richardson Highway is a highway in the U.S. state of Alaska, running 368 miles (562 km) from Valdez to Fairbanks.

Elliott Highway

The Elliot Highway is a highway in the U.S. state of Alaska and runs for 152 miles (245 km) from Fox, located about 10 miles (16 km) north of Fairbanks, to Manley Hot Springs.

Three-banded tree frog

The three-banded tree frog ("Dendropsophus tritaeniatus") is a frog that lives in Mato Grosso in Brazil.

Dendropsophus schubarti

The Schubart's Rondonia tree frog ("Dendropsophus schubarti") is a frog that lives in Mato Grosso in Brazil.

Radio 101.2

Radio 101.2 was a radio station in Belarus. It worked from Minsk. In 1995 and 1996, the radio station used the frequency 101.2 FM. It was sent news and had no connection to the government of Belarus. The people who worked at the Radio 101.2 mostly came from the radio station Belarusian Youth () that had been forced to go out of business.

Soros Foundation helped to buy the things for the new radio in 1995. The station was closed on formally technical reasons. Its frequency was handed over to the Belarusian Republican Youth Union, which still uses it today. The Belarussian government said that the radio station and its frequency were interfering with the radio communications of the Minsk police. Independent groups said that this was another form to stop the freedom of the press in Belarus by the government of Alexander Lukashenko.

Music judge Dzmitry Padbiarezski said in 2000 that the Belarusian radio 101.2 had high public interest because it played good music and its DJs were experts too.


Menhit

Menhit or Mehyt was an ancient Egyptian goddess. In the Early Dynastic period Egyptians drew and carved her to look like a lioness lying down with three bent poles coming out of her back. She is shown on many early dynastic sealings and ivory artifacts, usually next to a picture of an Upper Egyptian shrine. People worshiped her in Hierakonpolis and Thinis.

Arkansas's 2nd congressional district

Arkansas's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Arkansas. The district is in the middle of Arkansas. The state capital called Little Rock is in the district. The counties of Van Buren Conway, Perry, Saline, Pulaski, White, Faulkner are in this district. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. Republican French Hill became the representative in 2014

The 2018 election was held on November 6, 2018.

Hugh Newell Jacobsen

Hugh Newell Jacobsen (March 11, 1929 – March 4, 2021) was an American architect known for designing Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis' home in Martha's Vineyard during the 1980s. He also restored part of the U.S. Embassy in Paris, as well as Spaso House in Moscow.

Jacobsen was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan in March 1929.

Other best known works of Jacobsen included fixing the West Terrace of United States Capitol. He designed structures for universities such as Georgetown University, the University of Maryland (his alma mater), University of Michigan, and University of Oklahoma.

Jacobsen was elected into the National Academy of Design in 1988.

Jacobsen died on March 4, 2021, at an assisted living facility in Front Royal, Virginia from problems caused by pneumonia, a week before his 92nd birthday.


Arkansas's 3rd congressional district

Arkansas's 3rd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Arkansas. The district is in the northwest part of the state. The cities of Bentonville, Fayetteville, Springdale and Fort Smith are in the district. The district was made on March 4, 1863 but left the same day to join the Confederate States of America. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district was represented by a Republican from 1868 to 1874. A Democrat would represent the district from 1874 to 1967 and not Democrat has been the representative since then. The district has been represented by Steve Womack since 2010.

Big Three television networks

The Big Three television networks are the three biggest television networks in the United States that are still running. These networks are ABC, CBS, and NBC. The Big Three networks ruled over television in the United States until the 1990s. To this day, they are still considered major, long-lasting United States television networks.

NBC and CBS were both founded as radio networks in the 1920s. Later on, NBC would have two radio networks for the United States. These networks were the Red Network and the Blue Network. They soon began television stations in the 1930s. In 1943, the U.S. government noticed how unfair it was for NBC to have two networks. They forced NBC to sell one of their networks. NBC chose to sell the Blue Network. Later on, the Blue Network became the ABC.

The DuMont Television Network launched in 1944. The three networks once controlled a few television stations. After a while, they affiliated with other stations to cover almost the entire United States by the late 1950s. Most of these stations are affiliated somehow with all three major networks and DuMont in markets where only one or two television stations operated in the early years of commercial television. It made some TV shows hard to handle. As more stations signed on, ABC, NBC, and CBS could carry enough programming on one station.

DuMont did not have a radio network like ABC or CBS. During all this, the Mutual Broadcasting System had considered creating a TV network. They would have Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer make some of the programming. WOR-TV & WOIC were known as "Mutual Television." This is the only evidence of the television network. Mutual then bought a stake in the Overmyer Network in 1967. That network never succeeded.

For most of television history, the Big Three controlled most of television. DuMont stopped airing in 1955. From 1961 to the early 1990s, there were only three networks. Every hit series and every feature movie was aired by one of the Big Three networks.

There were attempts to become the fourth network. But they never work out. The cost of starting a network, the difficulty of competing with the Big Three and broadcasting were common in the 1980s. The Big Three had just enough stations to defeat anyone who tried to be just like them. Those networks that could have had the chance to compete would shut down because of legal threats.

An attempt for a fourth television network for the Big Three would not happen again until Fox was founded in October 1986. Fox became a fourth network in 1994 after a law forcing cable providers to add local stations was approved. The rules allowed Fox to become recognized by most audiences and become the fourth network.

Fox has beaten ABC and NBC in the ratings for its primetime programming. This made Fox become the second most-watched network behind CBS during the 2000s. From 2007 to 2008, Fox was the highest-rated of the big broadcast networks. Fox was even the first non-Big Three network to reach first place. From 2004 to 2012, Fox became known for its 18-49 demographic shows. Because of its success, it has been included with the Big Three. It was used with the term "Big Four."

Although Fox is known as the nation's fourth major network, it is not considered part of the Big Three. One reason being that Fox reduced its weekday programming. It does not have enough national morning and evening news programs. Fox does not feature any daytime programming, enough primetime, late-night talk shows, and Saturday morning children's programming. Fox had a block for children's programs in the 1990s called Fox Kids. However, it was sold to The Walt Disney Company in 2001 as part of Fox Family Channel.

Outside of prime time, Fox affiliates either make their programming or run syndicated shows. Fox also allows affiliates the option to air the Xploration Station block on Saturday mornings in place of the optional Weekend Marketplace infomercials block.

Other networks soon launched in an attempt to compete with the Big Three as well as Fox. However, these "netlets" were not as successful as Fox. The WB and UPN launched in 1995. Just like Fox, they both added nights of prime time programming a few years later. The WB was the only one that aired any on weekends.

Both networks only aired prime time and children's programming. The children's programming was the only form of weekday daytime programming offered by either one. UPN discontinued its children's programming in 2003 after a deal with Disney. After that, UPN aired sports events such as the XFL, as well as "WWF SmackDown!".

Although The WB and UPN both had some popular series during their time, they struggled from poor viewership and financial losses. It led their parent companies (Time Warner and CBS Corporation) to shut them down in 2006. They soon joined together in a joint venture called The CW. It originally had a mix of programs from their past networks. But they soon made new shows after the launch.

Fox launched MyNetworkTV at the same time as The CW, with a lineup of English language telenovelas. Later on, it shifted towards unscripted programs and movies. But because of low ratings, it led News Corporation to convert the channel into a syndication service in 2009.

Like Fox, the PBS is not considered part of the Big Three networks. PBS is a noncommercial service with a different distribution model compared to the major networks. Its stations own the network rather than the network owning some of its stations and affiliating with additional stations owned by other broadcasters. It keeps memberships with more than one educational station.

Today, the "Big Three" only control a small portion of the television market in the United States. It has suffered as a result of growing competition from other networks. Traditional networks such as Fox, The CW, and MyNetworkTV, Spanish language networks such as Univision and Telemundo, even national cable and satellite channels such as TNT, ESPN, and AMC, and web channels such as Netflix are sharing the space as well.


Arkansas's 4th congressional district

Arkansas's 4th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Arkansas. It is the southwest part of the state and is the largest district. The cities in the district are Camden, Hope, Hot Springs, Magnolia, Pine Bluff, and Texarkana. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. Republican Bruce Westerman became the representative in 2014

Mehrdad Ardeshi

Mehrdad Ardeshi (, born January 1, 1979) is an Iranian chess International Master. He was born in Tehran, Iran. 

He is also the coach of the Iranian Chess national youth team, and in 2020, won the third place in the held online in Georgia.
He is the chairman of the training committee of the Iranian Chess Federation, a member of the Iranian national team, and a participant in the World Chess Olympiad that It was the last year that Garry Kasparov was present.

Mehrdad Ardeshi is Champion of the West Asian Qualifiers, the first joint winner of the international competitions of the Fajr decade, two years champion of the Iranian Premier League with Bahman and Railway teams, 4 years individual champion of the Iranian Premier League.
He is also the uncle of Iranian filmmaker Danial Hajibarat.


Chipping Sodbury

Chipping Sodbury is an old market town, near Bristol, in England. It was founded in the 12th century, and has a long history. Today, about 6,000 people live in the city.

California's 30th congressional district

California's 30th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of California. It is San Fernando Valley in Los Angeles County, California. The cities in the district are: Bell Canyon, Canoga Park, Los Angeles, Chatsworth, Los Angeles, Encino, Los Angeles, Granada Hills, Los Angeles, Hidden Hills, Northridge, Los Angeles, Porter Ranch, Los Angeles, Reseda, Los Angeles, Santa Susana Field Laboratory, Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, Studio City, Los Angeles, Tarzana, Los Angeles, Toluca Lake, Los Angeles, West Hills, Los Angeles, Winnetka, Los Angeles, and Woodland Hills, Los Angeles. The people who live in the district elect a representative in the United States House of Representatives. The district is currently represented by Democrat Brad Sherman.

Kentucky's 1st congressional district

Kentucky's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Kentucky. The district is in the western part of the state. The cities in the district are Henderson, Hopkinsville, Madisonville, Paducah and Murray. There are more people who like the Democratic Party than the Republican Party but the people who live in the district vote for more Republicans than Democrats. The district is currently represented in the United States House of Representatives by James Comer.

Kentucky's 2nd congressional district

Kentucky's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Kentucky. The district is in the middle part of the state. The cities in the district are Bowling Green, Owensboro, and Elizabethtown. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district is currently represented by Republican Brett Guthrie. In the district no incumbent representative has lost an election since 1884.

2020 Vermont gubernatorial election

The 2020 Vermont gubernatorial election was an election in the U.S state of Vermont to decide the next governor of the state. The election was on November 3, 2020. The incumbent Republican Governor of Vermont, Phil Scott went against his lieutenant governor David Zuckerman who was part of the Vermont Progressive Party. Phil Scott did not run a campaign until the emergency of the COVID-19 pandemic in Vermont ended. He won the election in the biggest victory for a governor in Vermont since 1996.

E. Marinella

E. Marinella is an Italian necktie company founded by Eugenio Marinella in 1914 in Naples.
In 1914 Eugenio Marinella open a shop in Naples. In the 1980s the name Marinella began to land outside the Italian borders thanks to the President of the Republic Francesco Cossiga who took the habit of bringing a box containing five Marinella ties as a gift to the heads of state on his official visits.
Politicians as Bill Clinton, Boris Yeltsin, Silvio Berlusconi, Jacques Chirac and Hosni Mubarak have worn Marinella ties, as have King Juan Carlos, Prince Charles, Gianni Agnelli and Albert II, Prince of Monaco.
In addition to ties, E. Marinella also sells bags, watches, cologne, accessories and cufflinks for men. Their line of women's products include bags, scarves, perfumes and accessories.


Shakespeare's editors

Shakespeare's editors were important in the making of producing printed books and the evolution of textual criticism.

The 17th-century folio collections of the plays of William Shakespeare did not have editors. At the time, it was agreed that the plays included in the First Folio (1623) were to be gathered together or "compiled" by John Heminges and Henry Condell. They were two long-time coworkers of Shakespeare in the King's Men. The play manuscripts may have been proofread and prepared for printing by Edward Knight. He is the "book-keeper" or prompter of the company. The task of proofreading and correcting the actual printed pages of the Folio was left to the compositors and printers in the print-shop.

Not a lot is known about the making of the Second (1632), Third (1663–64), and Fourth Folios (1685).

In the 18th century, some people made the first coordinated efforts to fix the problems that the Folios presented.


The early 19th century saw the first Variorum editions of Shakespeare's works. These are editions that organized and combine the efforts of all the editors from the 18th century. The first edition edited by Isaac Reed released in 1803. The second edition released in 1813 changed a few things from the first. The third edition edited by James Boswell released in 1821.

These editions set the standards for professionally fixing works such as Shakespeare's works. The text was permanently set in the Cambridge edition. It was also set by the Globe edition (1864). It continued on by the New Cambridge edition in 1921. Now, all editions come mostly from this edition.

The Cambridge Shakespeare (1863–66), moved away from a single editor following his own instincts and judgments. The first volume of the Cambridge Shakespeare was edited by William George Clark and John Glover. And the later eight volumes by Clark and William Aldis Wright. Clark and Wright also created the single-volume Globe Shakespeare (1864) using their Cambridge texts. Together, these editions became the standard for a while.

The most wonderful edition in the twentieth century was the Oxford Shakespeare. It was edited by Stanley Wells and Gary Taylor. It looks to show the scripts as they were originally written.

The Counterfeit Plan

The Counterfeit Plan is a 1957 British crime movie directed by Montgomery Tully and starring Zachary Scott, Peggie Castle, Mervyn Johns, Sydney Tafler, Lee Patterson, Eric Pohlmann, Robert Arden, Aubrey Dexter.


Small Town Story (movie)

Small Town Story is a 1953 British thriller movie directed by Montgomery Tully and starring Donald Houston, Susan Shaw, Alan Wheatley, Michael Balfour, Richard Wattis, Arthur Rigby, Denis Compton.


Quiz Show (movie)

Quiz Show is a 1994 American biographical drama movie directed by Robert Redford and was based on the 1988 novel "Remembering America: A Voice For the Sixties" by Richard N. Goodwin. It stars John Turturro, Ralph Fiennes, Rob Morrow, David Paymer, Hank Azaria, Paul Scofield, Mira Sorvino, Elizabeth Wilson, Griffin Dunne, Calista Flockhart, Carole Shelley, Martin Scorsese, Barry Levinson and was distributed by Buena Vista Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1995.


Witness for the Prosecution

Witness for the Prosecution is a 1957 American mystery movie directed by Billy Wilder and was based on the 1925 short story and 1953 play of the same name by Agatha Christie. It stars Tyrone Power, Marlene Dietrich, Elsa Lanchester, Charles Laughton, Henry Daniell, Ian Wolfe, Norma Varden, Torin Thatcher and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 6 Academy Awards in 1958.


For The Gambia Our Homeland

"For the Gambia Our Homeland" is the national anthem of the Gambia. The words were written by Virginia Julia Howe and the music composed by Jeremy F. Howe. It is based on the traditional Mandinka song "Foday Kaba Dumbuya." It was adopted after an international competition to produce a state anthem (and flag) before the country declared independence in 1965.

Pisatao

Lainingthou Pishatao (), mononymously known as Pisatao (), is a primordial deity in Meitei mythology and religion. He is the god of craftsmen and architects. He is regarded as the divine personification of the ultimate reality, the abstract creative power inherent in deities, living and non living beings in the universe.
He is one of the divine manifestations of Supreme God Atingkok (Tengbanba Mapu). In many legends, he is one of the four Gods who control the four directions.

Historically, his pantheon was replaced by Vishwakarma of Hinduism. However, with the dedicated efforts of several organizations and associations including the ""South East Asia Cultural Organisation"" (SEACO), the status of his pantheon is reviving day by day in Manipur.


New York State Right to Life Party

The New York State Right to Life Party is a political party in the U.S. state of New York. The party was created in 1970 and has a task of trying stop abortion from happening in New York. They did not get their goal in 1970 and New York State allowed abortion but still are around today. The party tries to have their candidates win in elections in New York but they have never won before. They have tried to have their candidates win President, Governor of New York, and representatives.

Fox, Alaska

Fox is a census-designated place (CDP) in Fairbanks North Star Borough, Alaska, United States. As of the 2020 census, 406 people live in Fox.

Santa Cruz de la Palma

Santa Cruz de la Palma is a municipality of 15,695 people (2020). It is found on the island of La Palma in the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife in the Canary Islands in Spain.

La Palma has "sister city" status with El Dorado Hills, California.

Student Tour

Student Tour is a 1934 American musical movie directed by Charles Reisner and starring Jimmy Durante, Charles Butterworth, Maxine Doyle, Phil Regan, Douglas Fowley, Nelson Eddy. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Arenys de Munt

Arenys de Munt is a municipality of 9,121 people (2020). It is in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Argentona

Argentona is a municipality of 12,536 people (2020). It is in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Cabrera de Mar

Cabrera de Mar is a municipality of 4,747 people (2020). It is in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Cabrils

Cabrils is a municipality of 7,432 people (2020). It is in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Canet de Mar

Canet de Mar is a municipality of 14,865 people (2020). It is in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Calldetenes

Calldetenes is a municipality of 2,513 people (2020). It is in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Gorizia

Gorizia (, ) is an Italian city in Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It is on the border with Slovenia. About 35,000 people live there.

Until 2017, it was the capital of the Province of Gorizia.

Imperia

Imperia is an Italian city in Liguria. It is the capital of the Province of Imperia. It has about 42,300 people.

Aquileia

Aquileia is an Italian city in Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It has about 3,500 people.

Thrill of a Lifetime

Thrill of a Lifetime is a 1937 American comedy movie directed by George Archainbaud and starring James V. Kern, Charles Adler, George Kelly, Billy Mann, Judy Canova, Ben Blue, Eleanore Whitney. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Mouais

Mouais is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Même-le-Tenu

Saint-Même-le-Tenu is a former commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Machecoul-Saint-Même.

Machecoul-Saint-Même

Machecoul-Saint-Même is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Machecoul (the seat) and Saint-Même-le-Tenu.

Les Moutiers-en-Retz

Les Moutiers-en-Retz is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Mouzeil

Mouzeil is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Mouzillon

Mouzillon is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Christopher Benjamin

Christopher Benjamin (born 27 December 1934) is an English actor with many stage and television credits since the 1960s. His television roles include three appearances in "Doctor Who", portraying Sir Keith Gold in "Inferno" (1970), Henry Gordon Jago in "The Talons of Weng-Chiang" (1977) and Colonel Hugh Curbishley in "The Unicorn and the Wasp" (2008). He also provided the voice of Rowf in the animated film "The Plague Dogs" (1982).

Benny Hinn

Toufik Benedictus "Benny" Hinn (born 3 December 1952) is an American-Canadian televangelist, best known for his regular "Miracle Crusades"—revival meeting or faith healing summits that are usually held in stadiums in major cities, which are later broadcast worldwide on his television program, "This Is Your Day".

Aldsworth

Aldsworth is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire, England. The population is almost 50% percent males and 50% females (169 males and 174 females).. About 207 of the residents fall within the 18-64 age range. A vast majority of the population is Christian and caucasion.

Ballard, Utah

Ballard is a town in Uintah County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,131 people live in Ballard.

Notre-Dame-des-Landes

Notre-Dame-des-Landes is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Pont-Audemer Spaniel

The Pont-Audemer Spaniel (or Epagneul Pont-Audemer in French) is a medium size, rare breed of gundog, belonging to the type called spaniels.

These dogs were first bred for hunting in France in the 1800s.

They are usually a dark brown colour called "Liver"

Pont-Audemer Spaniels are usually gentle and easy to train, they are fun loving dogs and in France have the name ""le petit clown des marais"", which means ""the little clown of the marshes"".

The Silence of Neto

The Silence of Neto () is a 1994 Guatemalan American drama movie directed by Luis Argueta and starring Julio Diaz, Herbert Meneses, Óscar Javier Almengor.

Marigolds in August (movie)

Marigolds in August is a 1980 South African drama movie directed by Ross Devenish and was based on the play of the same name by Athol Fugard (who also stars). It also stars Winston Ntshona, John Kani, Joyce Hesha, Mabel Ntshinga.

Nokia 3310

"This is about the original phone. For the 2017 edition, see Nokia 3310 (2017)."

Nokia 3310 is a GSM mobile phone. It was developed by the Nokia Corporation and launched in September 1999 at the Mobile World Congress. The worldwide release was on September 1st, 2000.

The Nokia 3310 was announced by the Nokia Corporation in September 1999 at the Mobile World Congress. 

The new Nokia 3310 2017 Edition was announced at the 2013 Mobile World Congress. The Nokia 3310 was remade in 2017. 

New features included a 2.4” polarized and curved color screen, 3G connectivity, Bluetooth 3.0, and an updated version of the Snake game. 

The Nokia 3310 was renamed to "Gresso 3310" by Risso Kwan in January 1999. The Nokia 3310 changed to Gresso Titanium. The design ensures Nokia 3310 support worldwide.


Tautiška giesmė

"Lithuania, Our Homeland" is the national anthem of Lithuania. The words of the song were made by a Lithuanian named Vincas Kudirka, and the melody of the song was also made by him.

The words of the song are based on a fifty-word poem written by Kudirka about the Baltic country of Lithuania in general. The national anthem is basically a shortened version of that poem. Shortly before his death in 1899, the anthem was performed for the first time.

Endgame (video game)

Endgame is a 2002 video game of a rail-shooter, release exclusive on PlayStation 2. It was published by Empire Interactive, and developed by Cunning Developments.

1949 (library)

1949 or 1949Books is a feminist library in Yopougon, a neighborhood of Abidjan. It was founded in 2020 by Edwige-Renée Dro during Women's History Month. The library is named 1949 because women in Ivory Coast had two important protests against colonialism that year. It focuses on collecting books by women from Africa and the black diaspora.

Canon, Georgia

Canon is a city in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is in both Franklin and Hart counties.

Atari CX40 joystick

The Atari CX40 is a single-button joystick. It was the first widely used cross-platform game controller. The original CX10 was released with the Atari Video Computer System (later renamed the Atari 2600) in 1977 and became the primary input device for most games on the platform. The CX10 was replaced after a year by a simpler and less expensive CX40. The addition of the Atari joystick port to other platforms helped it retain its popularity. It was the standard for the Atari 8-bit family of home computers and was compatible with the VIC-20, Commodore 64 and 128, MSX, and later the Atari ST and Amiga. Third-party adapters allowed it to be used on other systems, such as the Apple II and the ZX Spectrum.


Atari joystick port

The Atari joystick port is a computer port used to connect various gaming controllers to game console and home computer systems in the 1970s to the 1990s. It was originally introduced on the Atari 2600 in 1977 and then used on the Atari 400 and 800 in 1979. It went cross-platform with the Commodore VIC-20 of 1981, and was then used on many following machines from both companies, as well as a growing list of 3rd party machines like the MSX platform and various Sega consoles.


Ee Mungu Nguvu Yetu

"Ee Mungu Nguvu Yetu" (; "O God, of all Creation") is the national anthem of Kenya. It was one of the first national anthems to be written especially to be a national anthem. It was written by the Kenyan Anthem Commission in 1963 after independence from the United Kingdom. They wanted the words to show the deepest beliefs and the highest hopes of the people of Kenya.

Downforce

Downforce is a racing video game for PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Advance. It was published by Titus Interactive, and developed by Smart Dog.

Soma Ishigamori

Ishigamori was born in Hachinohe on July 1, 2001. He joined J3 League club Vanraure Hachinohe from their youth team in 2019. He played 3 matches until 2020.

3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0
3||0||0||0||0||0||3||0

Kilimanjaro Region

Kilimanjaro Region is one of the 31 regions of Tanzania. The regional capital is Moshi. According to the 2012 national census, 1,640,087 people lived there.

Khamba (disambiguation)

Khamba may refer to the following:

Khuman

Khuman may refer to:

Moirang

Moirang (), also spelt as Moilang (), is a small town and an assembly constituency, in Bishnupur district in the Indian state of Manipur. It is the traditional centre of Meitei culture. An ancient temple dedicated to the pre-Hindu deity Thangjing is one of the most important historic sites in Moirang. It is one of the most visited tourist destinations in Northeast India. Moirang is the first place in Indian soil where the tricolor National Flag of India was hoisted for the first time. The INA War Museum and the INA Martyrs' Memorial Complex were developed to recall and show respect for the roles of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose and his Indian National Army to the Indian Freedom Struggle.

Moirang (disambiguation)

Moirang may refer to:

FC Aarau

FC Aarau is a Swiss football club which plays in Aarau.


FC Thun

FC Thun ("Fussballclub Thun 1898") is a Swiss football club based in Thun which plays in the Swiss Challenge League.


Let's Go Places

Let's Go Places is a 1930 American musical movie directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring Joseph Wagstaff, Lola Lane, Sharon Lynn, Frank Richardson, Walter Catlett, Dixie Lee, Ilka Chase, Larry Steers. It was distributed by Fox Film.


What Price Innocence?

What Price Innocence? is a 1933 American drama movie directed by Willard Mack (who also stars) and starring Jean Parker, Minna Gombell, Betty Grable, Bryant Washburn, Ben Alexander, Louise Beavers. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

While the Sun Shines

While the Sun Shines is a 1947 British comedy movie directed by Anthony Asquith and was based on the 1943 play of the same name by Terence Rattigan. It stars Barbara White, Ronald Squire, Brenda Bruce, Bonar Colleano and Michael Allan.


Stalowa Wola

Stalowa Wola is a city in Subcarpathian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2020, 60,179 people lived there.

Evangelos Venizelos

Evangelos Venizelos (; born 1 January 1957) is a Greek lawyer and politician. He has been a member of the PASOK party. He has been a member of the Greek Parliament since 1993, holding different offices. Between 2012 and 2015, he was head of PASOK.

Lubin

Lubin (, ) is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2020, 72,142 people lived there.

Kyzyl

Kyzyl (Tuvan and ) is a city in Russia. It is the capital of the Tuvan Republic. Its name comes from the Tuvan word for 'red' or 'crimson'. Population: 

It used to be called Belotsarsk until 1918 and Khem-Beldyr until 1926.

Celestial mechanics

Celestial mechanics is a part of astronomy that looks at the movement of the objects in the sky, and tries to find models to describe and explain these movements. The objects described include stars and planets, and also comets, and other similar objects.

The mathematics of celestial mechanics include spherical geometry, trigonometry and Newton's laws of motion.

The first known examples of celestial mechanics are from Mesopotamia, around 3000 BC. The Venus tablet of Ammisaduqa is a record of observations about the planet Venus. The tablet also describes the finding that solar and lunar eclipses are periodic events.

About the same time, ancient Egyptians found the length of the solar year to be 365.25 days. In Europe, this figure was in used until the Gregorian calendar was introduced in the 16th century.

At the same time, Eratosthenes worked out that the radius of the Earth was 252.000 stadia, or 50 times the distance between Alexandria and Aswan. This value is . It is very close to the real value of at the equator.

In the 2nd century BC, Hipparchus calculated the distance between the Earth and the Moon to be 30 times the diameter of the Earth. This value is also very close to the modern one.

In the 17th century, Johannes Kepler observed the motion of planets in the sky. He created three laws of planetary motion that described their orbits.


A Circle of Deception

A Circle of Deception is a 1960 British World War II movie directed by Jack Lee and was based on the 1953 short story "Small Back Room in St. Marylebone" by Alec Waugh. It stars Bradford Dillman, Suzy Parker, Harry Andrews, Robert Stephens, Ronald Allen, John Welsh, Martin Boddey, Charles Lloyd-Peck and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Noyal-sur-Brutz

Noyal-sur-Brutz is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Faenza

Faenza is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. It has about 58,000 people lived there.

Meitei

Meitei may refer to:

Meetei

Meetei may refer to:

Stresa

Stresa is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in Piedmont, Italy.

Salome Samadashvili

Salome Samadashvili (; born 2 April 1976) is a Georgian politician who is a United National Movement Member of the Parliament of Georgia. She was member of Parliament of Georgia three times (2004, 2016, 2020).

Manipuri

Manipuri may refer to:

Moilang (disambiguation)

Moilang may refer to:

Oudon

Oudon is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Alexander Dennis

Alexander Dennis is a British bus and coach maker, based in Larbert, Scotland. It has made buses and coaches since 2001






TransBus/Alexander Dennis built fire-fighting vehicles until 2007. The bodywork on a majority of the chassis are built by a neighbouring company, John Dennis Coachbuilders Limited.

Paimbœuf

Paimbœuf is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Le Pallet

Le Pallet is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Pannecé

Pannecé is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

North Carolina's 1st congressional district

North Carolina's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in North Carolina. Democrat G. K. Butterfield is the representative for the district.

Stormworks: Build and Rescue

Stormworks: Build and Rescue is a life simulation video game developed by Sunfire Software. The game was released on February 2018. The game is available on Windows and macOS.

Paulx

Paulx is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Champigny-sur-Marne

Champigny-sur-Marne is a commune of 77,039 people (2018). It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Bokermann's tree frog

Bokermann's tree frog ("Dendropsophus novaisi") is a frog that lives in three different places in Brazil.

Creil

Creil is a commune. It is in the Oise department in the north of France.

Clermont, Oise

Clermont is a commune. It is in the Oise department in north France.

Le Pellerin

Le Pellerin is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Brevin-les-Pins

Saint-Brevin-les-Pins is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Big Wells, Texas

Big Wells is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Asherton, Texas

Asherton is a city in Dimmit County, Texas, United States. The population was 722 at the 2020 census.

Wake Village, Texas

Wake Village is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Hooks, Texas

Hooks is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Boana

Boana is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae. They are called gladiator frogs, gladiator treefrogs or Wagler Neotropical treefrogs. These frogs live in tropical Central and South America from Nicaragua to Argentina. They also live in the Caribbean, in Trinidad and Tobago.

For a while, scientists thought using this genus was a mistake. They started using it again after taking a long look again at Hylidae. They decided that about 70 species that they had put in the genus "Hyla" should be in "Boana" instead. Since then, scientists have written reports about many newly discovered "Boana" species.

As of April 2020, there are 95 species of frogs in this genus:
"Hyla palliata" and "Hypsiboas hypselops" are also listed in this article because scientists are not sure about them.

Leary, Texas

Leary is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Woonsocket, Rhode Island

Woonsocket is a city in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States. As of the 2020 census, 43,240 people live in Woonsocket.

Davy Medal

The Davy Medal is given by the Royal Society of London "for an outstandingly important recent discovery in any branch of chemistry". The medal is named after Humphry Davy. The medal is given with money. The amount you would be given was £1000 but it is now £2000.

The medal was first given in 1877 to Robert Wilhelm Bunsen and Gustav Robert Kirchhoff "for their researches & discoveries in spectrum analysis", and has since been given 140 times. The medal is given yearly and, unlike other Royal Society medals (such as the Hughes), has always been given every year without a break.

On 1882, it was given to Dmitri Mendeleev and Julius Lothar Meyer "for their discovery of the periodic relations of the atomic weights". 

The 2020 award was to Ben G. Davis for "inventing powerful chemical methods that... manipulate complex biological molecules" (etc).

Source: Royal Society

Alisma

Alisma is a botanical genus in the family Alismataceae.

Thomas &amp; Friends: All Engines Go

Thomas & Friends: All Engines Go! is a 2D-animated children's television series. 

It is a reboot of the original "Thomas & Friends" series that ran from 1984 to 2021. The series was originally set to be the show's twenty-fifth season, before Mattel Television confirmed that it was a new show altogether. It is said to introduce "an entirely new approach to "Thomas & Friends" content," with a new animation style and story structure. "All Engines Go!" premiered on September 13, 2021.


Season 1 (2021-22)


Islam in France

Islam is the second religion in France, behind only Christianity. Muslims in France are mostly migrants from Algeria and Morocco, and a little bit from Turkey. Muslims are about 8 to 12% of the population. The Mayotte region outside of Greater France has a majority Muslim population.

Henry Dunster

Henry Dunster (November 26, 1609 (baptized) – February 27, 1658/59) was an Anglo-American Puritan clergyman and the first president of Harvard College. 
He holds a bachelor's degree (1630) and his master's degree (1634) and taught at Magdalene. 

Plex

PLEX or Plex may refer to:



Yaroslava Mahuchikh

Yaroslava Oleksiivna Mahuchikh (; born 19 September 2001) is a Ukrainian high jumper. She was gold medallist at the 2018 Youth Olympic Games and World and European champion in under-18 level. At the 2019 World Championships she won the silver medal, setting the new World junior record.


Keely Hodgkinson

Keely Nicole Hodgkinson (born 3 March 2002) is an English athlete who mainly does the 800 metres race. She won the gold medal at the 2021 European Indoor Championships in Toruń, Poland.

She was the British champion after she won the 800 metres event at the 2020 British Athletics Championships with a time of 2 min 03.24 sec.

Johnny Castaway

Johnny Castaway is a screensaver released in 1992 by Sierra On-Line/Dynamix. It was under the Screen Antics brand and was said to be "the world's first story-telling screen saver".

A man, Johnny Castaway, is stuck on a very small island with one palm tree. He often fishes, builds sand castles, and jogs. Other things happen less often, such as a mermaid or Lilliputian pirates coming to the island, or a seagull flying down to steal his shorts while he is bathing. Much like the castaways of "Gilligan's Island", he is sometimes almost rescued, but is still on the island because of accidents.

Easter eggs happen on some holidays or events often celebrated in the United States, such as Halloween, Christmas and Independence Day, in which a related thing also appears. For example, the palm tree has a "Happy New Year" banner during the last week of the year, and a Jack-o'-lantern is in the sand on Halloween. The time on the computer can be changed to the time of the holiday or event to make it happen at the wrong time.

Johnny Castaway came on a 3½-inch floppy disk and required a computer with, at minimum, a 386SX CPU and Windows 3.1. Now it is widely available on the internet, but because it requires 16-bit software components that do not work in modern versions of Windows, it only works on older versions of Microsoft Windows without workarounds, which exist on Windows 64-bit, Mac OS X and Linux.

Shawn Bird designed the characters while he was at Dynamix. The program was developed by Jeff Tunnell Productions, the Jeff Tunnell in the name meaning the founder of Dynamix. Ken Williams said the screensaver was one of Dynamix's products that did not cost much money to create and make, and made them much more money, along with The Incredible Machine and Hoyle Card Games, which Sierra also published.

"Computer Gaming World" said "Johnny Castaway" was "a great launch" for Screen Antics and "Fans of Johnny Hart-style comics and sight gag lovers everywhere should love it".


Red Sonja (movie)

Red Sonja is a 1985 Dutch American Italian action fantasy movie directed by Richard Fleischer and was based on the character of the same name by Roy Thomas and Barry Windsor-Smith. It stars Brigitte Nielsen, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Ronald Lacey, Pat Roach, Terry Richards, Sandahl Bergman and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was a box office bomb.


Elham Nami

Elham Nami () is an Iranian actress and voice actress born on April 28, 1986 in Mashhad,Iran . She studied theater at the Faculty of Fine Arts, University of Tehran.

She has won an acting award at the 35th for her role in the play Parallel Strollers. Her popularity increased with playing in the series directed by .

The Kremlin Letter

The Kremlin Letter is a 1970 American spy thriller movie directed by John Huston and was based on the 1966 novel of the same name by Noel Behn. It stars Patrick O'Neal, Richard Boone, Max von Sydow, Bibi Andersson, Barbara Perkins, George Sanders, Nigel Green, Orson Welles, Dean Jagger and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Panthoibi (disambiguation)

Panthoibi may refer to:

Pakhangba (disambiguation)

Pakhangba may refer to:

Sanamahi (disambiguation)

Sanamahi may refer to:

Lainingthou

Lainingthou () is a divine title often used by male deities in Meitei mythology and religion. The term may also mean "Sovereign God".

There are many gods who use this title.


Boiling Lake

Boiling Lake is a hot lake, on the island of Dominica. It is about to across. The lake is about deep. The water at the edge of the lake is hot. It is about to . This makes it the second-biggest hot lake in the world, after Frying Pan Lake, in New Zealand. The lake is over a fumarole. It can be reached by hiking. It takes about three hours one way, from the nearest road. The lake is one of the sources of Rivière Blanche, one of Dominica's main rivers. 

Lairembi

Lairembi (; ) or Lairemma (; ), is the Meitei word for 'goddess' or 'female deity', the male form is "Lairemba". It is a female term for a deity in Sanamahism (Meitei religion).

The idea and reverence for the goddesses appears in the Puya (Meitei texts).

Imoinu is the Meitei goddess of wealth, prosperity, hearth fire and family. She lives either in the kitchen or the Sanamahi Kachin.

Leimarel Sidabi is the highest female divinity in Meitei religion. She is the highest mother earth goddess as well as the wife of Atingkok, the supreme creator god.

"Nongthang Leima" () is the goddess of using sex and beauty, thunder and lightning. Created by Atingkok (or Salailen) to attract Haraba (Pakhangba), she is the mistress of thunder and lightning in the chaos in the early world. She is also the predictor of the first rain. 
She is known for limiting the chaos and permitting the creation.

Panthoibi is the Meitei goddess of war, love and fertility. She is the mother goddess in Sanamahism (Meitei religion) and she has many faces.

"Phouoibi" ("Phouoipi") or "'Phouleima" ("Phoureima") is the goddess of the agriculture, crops, fertility, grains, harvest, paddy, rice and wealth.
She fell in love with Akongjamba but fate doesn't permit her love to be fulfilled. So, Phouoibi and Akongjamba took rebirth.

"Yumjao Leima" () or "Yumjao Lairembi" () or "Yumjao Lairemma" () is the mother goddess of house, household, royalty, rule and power. Being the all time ruling , she assumes a human form in white clothes and blesses kings.


Slime flux

Slime flux, or bacterial wetwood, is a bacterial disease of trees. A wound to the bark causes sap to ooze from the wound. Bacteria may infect this sap. Eventually, a slimy ooze results. This may sink into the tree, and can eventually kill the tree. Also, the fermented sap attracts insects like flies, ants, and maggots.

Reluctant Bride

Reluctant Bride, also known as Two Grooms for a Bride, is a 1955 British comedy movie directed by Henry Cass and starring John Carroll, Virginia Bruce, Brian Oulton, Kay Callard, Arthur Lowe. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Oslo Opera House

The Oslo Opera House is a opera house in Oslo, Norway and is the home of the Norwegian National Opera and Ballet

Construction started in 2003 and was finished in 2007, ahead of schedule and 300 million Norwegian krone ($52 million United States dollars) under its budget of 4.4 billion Norwegian krone (~$760 million United States dollars). The opening on 12 April 2008 was attended by King Harald, Queen Margrethe II of Denmark and President Tarja Halonen of Finland and other leaders. During the first year over 1.3 mllion people entered the building.

Nokia N93

Nokia N93 is the smartphone similar to the Nokia N92. It was announced on June 3, 2006, at Central Station in East Hollywood. Nokia N93 was released on July 11, 2006, the official release completed release for Nokia Tablet Congress until September 25, 2006.

Nokia N93 has been announced on May 4, 2006, at Nokia Center in Monterey, California, but was moved on June 3, 2006, at Central Station in East Hollywood. Nokia N93 has been freed sales beginning on June 10, 2006, and ended for sales on June 15, 2006. Nokia N93 has partnered since the 1990s for Nokia 3210 and Nokia 3310 also more features in like Nokia 6300 from the first Mobile TV was announced on Nokia Corporation on June 29, 2006, in Central Station.

Nokia N93 can be released worldwide on July 11, 2006, from the people's workgroup on enterprise and businessman, on July 19, 2006, Nokia N93 has 200 awards for Nokia Tablet Congress after on September 25, 2006, also announced on Nokia Center.

In August 2006, Nokia N93 has begun for sale in 200 awards after in July 2006 was announced at Nokia Center in Monterey, California. Risso says we're buying from Nokia N93 can coming for state Nokia Tablet Congress and more during on since 2003. On September 25, 2006, Nokia N93 has announced in Nokia Tablet Congress at Central Station, from Risso states for Chairman Nokia Corporation.

In January 30, 2007. Nokia stopped available of Nokia N93, after Nokia N93i was release. Nokia N93 will continue in website and stopped lifecycles.

Nokia N93 has partnered for officially released in Nokia Corporation, has similar for Nokia 6300 in Mobile TV workgroup, in December 2, 2006. Nokia N93 by Nokia has platforms released on 85GB and 89GB.

Helene Schjerfbeck

Helena Sofia (Helene) Schjerfbeck (July 10, 1862 – January 23, 1946) was a Finnish painter. She painted in realist and modernist styles. She is known for her self-portraits, landscapes and still lifes. Schjerfbeck's birthday, 10 July, is Finland's national day for the painted arts.

Xeric tree frog

The acre tree frog ("Dendropsophus oliveirai") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in the Xeric area in Bahia.

Kralendijk

Kralendijk is the capital city of Bonaire.

Finnish Civil War

The Finnish Civil War was a civil war in Finland between January 27 and May 15, 1918 that was fought between the Reds and the Whites. The Reds were led by a section of the Social Democratic Party and were supported by Soviet Russia. The Whites were led by the conservative-based Senate (government) and were supported by the Imperial German Army. The Whites won the war. As a result, Russian influence on Finland decreased, but the Finnish people continued to be divided for a long time.

The Russian Empire had broken after the First World War, and Finland had gained independence on 6 December 1917. The Finns did not agree on how Finland should be governed.

The war divided Finland for a long time. After the war, about 80,000 Reds had to go to prison camps. About 1,300 of them died because of diseases and hunger, and about 500 of them were sentenced to death.

Khaki

Khaki is a color, a yellowish light shade of brown.



Monika Herceg

Monika Herceg (born 1990, in Sisak) is a Croatian poet, playwright, editor, feminist and activist. She is from the small village Pecki near Petrinja, Croatia. She was awarded multiple literature prizes. She is known for being a prominent young poet of the new generation and the most awarded young author in recent Croatian history, sometimes called a "literary sensation". She explores the topics of poverty, domestic violence, immigration, and class and gender inequalities.

She grew up in small village Pecki, near Petrinja, where she studied Physics, first at University of Zagreb and then at the University of Rijeka. She currently lives, works as an editor and raises two kids in Zagreb.

“No one among our contemporary authors laughs like Monika Herceg; nor writes more sorrowful poems,” writes Miljenko Jergović, a Croatian novelist and essayist. The latter statement is especially true when it comes to Herceg’s debut poetry collection "Initial Coordinates." The poems in the book portray the lives of women in rural Croatia throughout the twentieth century, whose stories of poverty and struggle are recounted in the voices of Herceg’s family members.

“There were no books in our house, and paper was only used to light the fire,” Monika recalls. However, during her education in the Croatian town of Petrinja, her teachers soon recognized her talent and provided her the support her family could not. Herceg began writing poetry while working several jobs, all taken on to finance her study of physics.

In 2017, she won "Goran" for her book Početne koordinate(Initial Coordinates), the most important award for young authors in Croatia. As a result, the book was published in 2018 and, after that, she won the "Kvirin Award," "Fran Galović" "Slavić" award and the international award "Mostovi Struge". 

"Initial Coordinates" details Herceg’s return to the roots of her family and to those earliest, often traumatic, memories that have haunted her throughout her life. 

Her second book, Lovostaj" ("The Closed Season") (Jesenski i Turk, 2019.), was also a success: the manuscript won the "Na vrh jezika" award for the best unpublished poetry volume in 2018 and was published in 2019. Her third book, Vrijeme prije jezika ("Time Before the Tongue) (Fraktura, 2020 ) won the "Zvonko Milković" award. 

At the international level, she won the second prize of the "International Poetry Competition Castello di Duino" that took place in Italy in 2016 and in 2018, she was granted the "Bridges of Struga" award during the Mostovi Struge festival in Macedonia for best debut of a young author. In 2021 she won the "Fierce Women" award for her activism.

Her works have been translated in more than fifteen languages and they were published by some well-known magazines. She is part of "Versopolis", an online platform dedicated to the promotion of young European authors. Her trilingual poetry books have been published in Lithuania and Austria. Another selection of her works have been published in French as "Ciel sous tension", L’Ollave, 2019.

Her stories were also awarded with several regional and national awards, such as the "Biber" award and the "Lapis Histriae" award.

Her drama script "Gdje se kupuju nježnosti" ("Where to Buy Tenderness") was awarded by the Croatian National Theatre in Zagreb. Her play took off in 2021 and was a success. She was awarded for other drama scripts and also was granted the "Marin Držić" award the most, important drama script award in Croatia, for her drama Kill Yourself, Dear Dad.

She is a member of the "Croatia Writers Society" and of the editorial board of their magazine.


Početne koordinate (Initial Coordinates), Zagreb, 2018; SKUD Ivan Goran Kovačić and Beograd; Književna radionica Rašić, 2019.

"Lovostaj (Closed season)," Zagreb: Jesenski i Turk, 2019 and Beograd; Kontrast, 2020.

"Vrijeme prije jezika (Time Before the Tongue)", Zagreb: Fraktura, 2020 and Beograd; Kontrast, 2021.

Gdje se kupuju nježnosti (2020.) ("Where to Buy Tenderness), drama script"

Mrtve ne treba micati (2020.) (Dead should not be moved), short drama script

"Ubij se, tata (2020)," (Kill yourself, dear Dad), drama script

Zakopana čuda (2020.) (Buried miracles), drama script

TRANSLATIONS

"Ciel sous tension", trans. Martina Kramer, Paris: L’Ollave, 2019.

Poetinis Druskininku ruduo, Vilnius: 2019.

"Wo Lyrik zuhause ist," trans. Jelena Dabić Austrija, 2020. 

Početni koordinati, trans. Đoko Zdraveski, PNV, Skopje, 2020.

"Lovostoj.," trans. Đoko Zdraveski, PNV, Skopje, 2021.

OÙ LES TENDRESSES S'ACHÈTENT-ELLES, Nicolas Raljević, Paris: Prozor Editions, 2021. 

"Initial Coordinates," USA, Sandorf Passage, 2022.


Anti-Federalist Papers

The Anti-Federalist papers is the name given to a number of essays, which some of the Founding Fathers of the United States wrote. The writers were opposed to the idea of a Constitution for the United States. These papers were written in the 1790s, and published in different newspapers. The Constitution wanted a stronger union between the states, the people who wrote the Anti-Federalist papers were opposed to this. All the essays were written under false names. The Anti-Federalist papers didn't have the same influence as the Federalist Papers, who argued in favor of a constitution. The Anti-Federalist papers were unable to stop the ratification of the constitution. They were important for the United States Bill of Righs, though. 

Kentucky's 3rd congressional district

Kentucky's 3rd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Kentucky. It is in all of the city of Louisville and in the county of Jefferson County. While the rest of the state is very Republican, this district is Democratic. The district was created on March 4, 1803 and many political parties have represented the district. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district is currently represented by Democrat John Yarmuth.

Kentucky's 6th congressional district

Kentucky's 6th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Kentucky. The district is in the middle part of the state. The cities of Lexington, Richmond, and Frankfort which is the state capital are in the district. In the district there are more people who are like the Democratic Party then the Republican Party but the district is a Republican district. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district is currently represented by Republican Andy Barr.

Indiana's 7th congressional district

Indiana's 7th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Indiana. The district is in Marion County and includes most of Indianapolis. The district used to have more Republicans in the district but now is mostly Democratic Party. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district is currently represented by Democrat André Carson, who won a special election in 2008 to replace his grandmother Julia Carson after she died in 2007.

Theodolite

A theodolite is a tool for measuring angles between two places (or points) from one place. They are usually associated with surveying. They are often mounted on a special kind of tripod.

They are usually a telescope on a mount that can move horizontally (left and right) and vertically (up and down). The mount has a scale where the readings are taken, usually in degrees for older models and arc minutes or arc seconds for newer models. The telescope normally has a crosshair to make it easy to align it to the points to be surveyed. The theodolite was the first tool that could do vertical and horizontal measurements in the same device.

Most modern theodolites are electronic and the readings are read from a digital display.

A "transit" is a kind of theodolite that can do a whole circle vertically and horizontally.

Brigantine, New Jersey

Brigantine is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey. The city is in southeast New Jersey near Atlantic City.

The only road access to Brigantine is across the Justice Vincent S. Haneman Memorial Bridge. The original bridge was destroyed in the 1944 Great Atlantic hurricane. The current bridge was built in 1972.

Andrew Gold

Andrew Maurice Gold (August 2, 1951 – June 3, 2011) was an American multi-instrumentalist, singer, songwriter, and record producer who influenced much of the sound of Los Angeles-dominated pop rock in the 1970s. Gold played on many records by other artists, including Linda Ronstadt. He had his own success with the U.S. Top 40 hits "Lonely Boy" (1977) and "Thank You for Being a Friend" (1978), as well as the UK Top Five hit "Never Let Her Slip Away" (1978). In the 1980s, he had further international chart success as half of Wax, a collaboration with 10cc's Graham Gouldman.

During the 1990s, Gold produced, composed, performed on and wrote tracks for films, commercials, and television soundtracks, such as "Final Frontier", the theme of the sitcom "Mad About You". Some of his older works later experienced popularity: "Thank You for Being a Friend" was used as the opening theme for "The Golden Girls", and the children's novelty song "Spooky Scary Skeletons" (1996) became an Internet meme in the 2010s. In 1997, Gold released a tribute to 1960s psychedelic music, "Greetings from Planet Love", issued under the pseudonym "the Fraternal Order of the All".


American Water Spaniel

The American Water Spaniel, (often shortened to AWS), is a rare breed of gun dog of the spaniel type that was developed in the state of Wisconsin in the United States during the 19th century by using other breeds like the Irish and English Water Spaniels. They are medium size dogs.

These dogs come in lots of different shades of brown.

American Water Spaniels are usually very friendly with people and other dogs, but they need lots of exercise to keep them happy, especially swimming like their name hints at.

They are the official state dog of Wisconsin.

Lyman David Benson

Lyman David Benson (1909–1993) was an American botanist and author of Taxon names.

He created the ca. 500 names for cacti as well as 14 other taxon names.


Lasthenia kunthii

Lasthenia kunthii (vernacular name "ranca")) is a herb of Central Chile, first gathered in Rancagua.

It lives in flooded places, for example lagoons and grasslands with large amounts of salt. It lives in Chile, mostly between Coquimbo and Valdivia, but people have also seen it in Ultima Esperanza (Magallanes Region) and in the provinces of Chubut and Río Negro, Argentina.

Lasthenia kunthii Hook.et Arn.
(syn.
L. obtusifolia Cass.,)

Michigan's 3rd congressional district

Michigan's 3rd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Michigan. The district is in the middle of the state. The cities in the district are Grand Rapids, Battle Creek, Ionia, Hastings, Lowell. The people who live in the district elect a person to represent the district in the United States House of Representatives. The district is currently represented by Republican Party Peter Meijer. Justin Amash represented the district before Meijer and was the first and only member of the Libertarian Party to be in the House of Representatives.

Fraulein (1958 movie)

Fräulein is a 1958 American World War II romance movie directed by Henry Koster and was based on the novel by James McGovern. It stars Dana Wynter, Mel Ferrer, Dolores Michaels, Margaret Hayes, Theodore Bikel, Luis Van Rooten, Helmut Dantine, Herbert Berghof, Ivan Triesault, Blandine Ebinger and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time

"TV Guide"s 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time is "TV Guide"s list of the 50 most well known and biggest television shows in American television history. The list was in the May 4–10, 2002 issue of the magazine. The television shows were chosen by the people who edit "TV Guide". The list was also told in an ABC television special, "TV Guide's 50 Best Shows of All Time", on May 13, 2002.

The Crying Game

The Crying Game is a 1992 British Japanese Irish romantic thriller movie directed by Neil Jordan and starring Stephen Rea, Forest Whitaker, Miranda Richardson, Jaye Davidson, Adrian Dunbar, Tony Slattery, Jim Broadbent, Birdy Sweeney, Ralph Brown. It was distributed by Miramax Films and was nominated for 6 Oscars and won an Academy Award for Neil Jordan in 1993.

Flex-Deon Blake

Flex-Deon Blake (born Kevin Moss; April 25, 1962 – March 1, 2021) was an American gay pornographic actor. He was a bareback productions. His best known movie was "Niggas' Revenge". In 2004, he was inducted into the Grabby Awards "Wall of Fame". Blake was born in Miami, Florida.

His role in "Niggas' Revenge" has been talked about academically in gay studies and the role African-American pornographic porn stars play in the industry.

Blake died on March 1, 2021 at the age of 58.

Frederico Campos

Frederico Carlos Soares Campos (11 April 1927 – 1 March 2021) was a Brazilian politician. He twice was Mayor of Cuiabá from 1966 until 1969 and again from 1989 to 1992. He also was the 45th Governor of Mato Grosso from 1979 until 1983. Campos was a member of the Liberal Front Party and Brazilian Labour Party.

Campos was born in Cuiabá. He died from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil in Cuiabá on 1 March 2021 at the age of 93.

Vladimír Heger

Vladimír Heger (30 January 1932 – 1 March 2021) was a Czechoslovak basketball player and coach. He was most known for being the head coach of the Czechoslovakian and Dutch national team. His coaching career lasted from 1975 until 1989. Heger was born in Prague.

Heger died on 1 March 2021 in Prague, aged 89.

The Best Things in Life Are Free (movie)

The Best Things in Life Are Free is a 1956 American biographical musical movie directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Gordon MacRae, Dan Dailey, Ernest Borgnine, Sheree North, Tommy Noonan, Larry Keating, Phyllis Avery, Byron Palmer. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1957.

Helena Pietraszkiewicz

Helena Pietraszkiewicz (20 July 1953 – 1 March 2021) was a Polish psychologist and politician. She was born in Lublin, Poland. Pietraszkiewicz was a member of the Law and Justice Party. She was the Voivode of Łódz from 2006 until 2007.

Pietraszkiewicz died on 1 March 2021 in Lublin at the age of 67.

Czesław Baran

Czesław Baran (25 August 1937 – 2 March 2021) was a Polish politician and agronomist. He was born in Pietrusy, Poland. Baran was a member of the United People's Party. From 1985 until 1989, he was a member of the Sejm.

Baran died on 2 March 2021 in Siedlce, Poland at the age of 83.

Bolivar, Tennessee

Bolivar is a city in Hardeman County, Tennessee, United States. As of the 2020 census, 5,205 people lived here. It is the county seat of Hardeman County.

George Bass (archaeologist)

George Fletcher Bass (; December 9, 1932 – March 2, 2021) was an American archaeologist. He co-directed the first expedition to entirely excavate an ancient shipwreck at Cape Gelidonya in 1960. He founded the Institute of Nautical Archaeology in 1972.

Bass died on March 2, 2021 in College Station, Texas, aged 88.

Werner Dörflinger

Werner Dörflinger (2 October 1940 – 2 March 2021) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). He was a member of the German Bundestag from 1980 until 1998. He was born in Waldshut-Tiengen, Baden.

Dörflinger died on 2 March 2021 at the age of 80.

Louise McBee

Louise McBee (June 15, 1924 – March 2, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. She was a member of the Georgia House of Representatives from 1993 to 2005. McBee was born in Strawberry Plains, Tennessee.

McBee died on March 2, 2021, in Athens, Georgia at age 96.

Breakfast on Pluto (movie)

Breakfast on Pluto is a 2005 Irish British comedy drama movie directed by Neil Jordan and was based on the 1998 novel of the same name by Patrick McCabe. It stars Cillian Murphy, Stephen Rea, Brendan Gleeson, Liam Neeson, Gavin Friday, Ian Hart, Ruth Negga, Bryan Ferry, Liam Cunningham, Steven Waddington.

Strawberry Plains, Tennessee

Strawberry Plains is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Jefferson, Knox, and Sevier counties in the State of Tennessee, United States.

Stan Newens

Arthur Stanley Newens (4 February 1930 – 2 March 2021) was a British Labour Co-operative politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1964 to 1970 and 1974 to 1983. He was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from 1984 to 1999. Newens was born in London.

Newens died on 2 March 2021 in London, aged 91.

Get Rich or Die Tryin' (movie)

Get Rich or Die Tryin' is a 2005 American hip-hop crime drama movie directed by Jim Sheridan. It stars 50 Cent, Terrence Howard, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Joy Bryant, Omar Benson Miller, Tory Kittles, Viola Davis, and Bill Duke. It was released on November 9, 2005 by Paramount Pictures.

The movie was known during production as Locked and Loaded. It is named after 50 Cent's first album of the same name, released in 2003. 



For Love and Honor

For Love and Honor () is a 2007 Turkish drama movie directed by Ömer Vargı and starring Şener Şen, Rasim Öztekin, Kenan İmirzalıoğlu, İsmail Hacıoğlu, Ruhi Sarı, Aslı Tandoğan.

Charles, Dead or Alive

Charles, Dead or Alive () is a 1969 Swiss drama movie directed by Alain Tanner and starring François Simon, Marcel Robert, Marie-Claire Dufour, Jean-Luc Bideau.

The Field (movie)

The Field is a 1990 Irish drama movie directed by Jim Sheridan and was based on the 1965 play of the same name by John B. Keane. It stars Richard Harris (in his Oscar nominated role), John Hurt, Sean Bean, Frances Tomelty, Brenda Fricker, Brendan Gleeson, Malachy McCourt, Tom Berenger.

Robert C. Weaver

Robert C. Weaver was the first United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. He was also the first African American appointed to a cabinet position.

Every Man for Himself (1980 movie)

Every Man for Himself () is a 1980 French Swiss Austrian German drama movie directed by Jean-Luc Godard and starring Jacques Dutronc, Isabelle Huppert, Nathalie Baye, Cécile Tanner.


Nokia 3300

Nokia 3300 is an mobile phone was announced for Nokia Corporation on March 11, 2003, Nokia 3300 is the smillar for Nokia 5510 in 1990 since for Nokia Corporation.

In September 14, 2010, Nokia 3300 has not available for official in shopping, buying and event are not available in Nokia Corporation.

Nokia 3300 can be released on March 11, 2003, from on based Nokia 5510 and more, on May 10, 2009. Apple announced they will discontinued Nokia 3300 in Australia.

In September 14, 2010, there are not available to buying Nokia 3300 from Nokia Corporation, which buying in shopping from Nokia.


Joost Eerdmans

Bernard Johannes "Joost" Eerdmans (born 9 January 1971) is a Dutch politician and former civil servant.

Eerdmans was born in Harderwijk and studied public administration at Erasmus University Rotterdam.

He worked at the justice department and as an assistant to Rotterdam mayor Ivo Opstelten.

As a junior civil servant he founded with other junior civil servants the youth organisation FUTURE in 1997. The purpose of FUTURE was to give civil servants more responsibility for what they are doing.

Eerdmans got impressed by the performance of critic Pim Fortuyn. He joined the Pim Fortuyn List (LPF) and became an MP in 2002. After leaving the LPF because of the ongoing upheaval, he established with Marco Pastors the Eén NL party in 2006, but the party failed in the 2006 Dutch general election, so he lost his seat.

Subsequently he worked as a columnist, as a manager at Deloitte consultancy, and as a radio and TV presenter. Keen on law and order, he also founded a civilian committee against injustice in 2009.

Meanwhile, Eerdmans became active in local politics. From 2009 to 2014 he was an alderman of Capelle aan den IJssel on behalf of Livable Capelle. From 2014 to 2018 he was an alderman of the neighbouring city of Rotterdam on behalf of Livable Rotterdam. From 2018 to 2021 he was a municipal councillor and Livable Rotterdam group leader in this city.

In the run-up for the 2021 Dutch general election he became a candidate for the Forum for Democracy (FVD) party but broke up after dubious comments of FvD leader Thierry Baudet.

Afterwards he established with Annabel Nanninga the conservative liberal JA21 party, of which he is both party leader and list puller. JA21 gained three seats, so he has been parliamentary group leader and an MP since March 2021.

Joost Eerdmans is married with two children and lives in Rotterdam.


Estrava Seraiva tree frog

The Estrada Saraiva tree frog ("Dendropsophus nahdereri") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in one place, Serra do Mar in Santa Catarina.

Bola Tinubu

Bola Ahmed Adekunle Tinubu (born 29 March 1952) is a Nigerian politician who is the 16th and current President of Nigeria. He was the governor of Lagos State . He served as a senator for Lagos West in the Third Republic.

Tinubu was born on 29 March 1952 in Osun State, Nigeria. He did his first school at St. John's Primary School, Aroloya, Lagos and Children's Home School in Ibadan. He studied at Richard J.Daley College in Chicago, Illinois, he was also at Chicago State University in 1975 where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting in 1979. 
On June 8, 2022, Tinubu won the presidential primary of the ruling All Progressive Congress scoring 1271, to defeat Vice President Yemi Osinbajo and Rotimi Amaechi who scored 235 and 316 respectively.

Malagasy striped civet

The Malagasy striped civet or spotted fanaloka ("Fossa fossana") is a small mammal, about 47 centimetres (19 in) long, with a tail 20 centimetres (7.9 in) long. It can weigh 1.5 to 2.0 kilograms (3.3 to 4.4 lb). It lives in tropical forests of Madagascar. The Malagasy civet looks for food at night. It eats small vertebrates, insects, aquatic animals, and eggs stolen from birds' nests. The mating season of the Malagasy civet is August to September and the young are born after three months, one at a time. The Malagasy civet is listed as vulnerable by International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).

Monito del monte

The monito del monte (Spanish for "little monkey of the mount") or colocolo opossum, ("Dromiciops gliroides") is a small mammal that lives in South America. It is also called "chumaihuén" in Mapudungun. It is a marsupial, meaning it grows its young in a pouch like a possum or kangaroo. It lives only in Argentina and Chile. It is the only living species in the order Microbiotheria. It is the only animal in the superorder Australidelphia that lives in the New World. (All other New World marsupials are in the paraphyletic "Ameridelphia.") The species is active at night and lives in trees. Its tail is partially able to grab things. It lives in places where South American mountain bamboo grows close together in the Valdivian temperate rain forests of the southern Andes Mountains. It eats primarily insects and other small animals without bones, but it also eats fruit.

Robert Nivelle

Robert Nivelle (15 october 1856 - 22 March 1924) was a French general during World war 1. He mostly became known for his suceses at the First Battle of the Marne. .For these suceses, hew was made general. Later, he replacced Philpipe Pétain near Verdun.

University of Maiduguri

University of Maiduguri (UNIMAID) is a Nigerian public university in Maiduguri, Borno State.
The university was established in 1975 by the previous Nigerian Government.

Peter Doig

Peter Doig (born 17 April 1959) is a Scottish painter. He lived in Canada and lives in Trinidad and Tobago since 2002. He is one of the most important living figurative painters. His works are some of the most expensive in the modern art market.

The Barbarian and the Geisha

The Barbarian and the Geisha is a 1958 American biographical drama movie directed by John Huston and starring John Wayne, Eiko Ando, Sam Jaffe, Sō Yamamura, Fuyukichi Maki. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Khorramabad

Khorramabad is a city in Iran. It is the capital of Lorestan Province. In 2016, about 373,000 people lived in the city. The city's industry is mainly focused on processing agricultural products.

We Were Strangers

We Were Strangers is a 1949 American adventure drama movie directed by John Huston and was based on the 1948 novel "Rough Sketch" by Robert Sylvester. It stars Jennifer Jones, John Garfield, Pedro Armendáriz, Gilbert Roland, Ramon Novarro, Wally Cassell and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


This Earth Is Mine (1959 movie)

This Earth Is Mine is a 1959 American drama movie directed by Henry King and starring Rock Hudson, Jean Simmons, Dorothy McGuire, Claude Rains, Kent Smith, Anna Lee, Geraldine Wall. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Joy House (movie)

Joy House (French title: Les Félins / UK title: The Love Cage) is a 1964 French mystery movie directed by René Clément and was based on the 1954 novel of the same name by Day Keene. It stars Jane Fonda, Alain Delon, Lola Albright, Sorrell Booke, André Oumansky, Arthur Howard and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Donovan's Reef

Donovan's Reef is a 1963 American adventure comedy movie directed by John Ford and starring John Wayne, Jack Warden, Elizabeth Allen, Lee Marvin, Cesar Romero, Dick Foran, Dorothy Lamour, Marcel Dailo. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The Horse Soldiers

The Horse Soldiers is a 1959 American western adventure movie directed by John Ford and was based on the 1956 novel of the same name by Harold Sinclair. It stars John Wayne, William Holden, Constance Towers, Altea Gibson, Ken Curtis, Willis Bouchey, Bing Russell, Hank Worden, Anna Lee, Denver Pyle, Carleton Young and was distributed by United Artists.


The Sea Chase

The Sea Chase is a 1955 American World War II drama movie directed by John Farrow and was based on the novel of the same name by Andrew Geer. It stars John Wayne, Lana Turner, David Farrar, Lyle Bettger, Tab Hunter, John Qualen, James Arness and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Guinea-Bissau Creole

Guinea-Bissau Creole, also known as Kiriol, is a Creole language. Its lexicon derives mostly from Portuguese. It is spoken in Guinea-Bissau, Senegal and The Gambia. Its native speakers also call it "guinensi", "kriyol", or "portuguis".

Guinea-Bissau Creole is spoken as a native language by approximately 15% (190,000) of Bissau-Guineans. It is spoken as a second language by approximately 50% (as of some time before 1992).

A variant of Guinea-Bissau Creole called Portuguis Creole or Casamance Creole is also spoken in southern Senegal. It is mainly in the region of Casamance, a former Portuguese colony. Creole is the majority language of the inhabitants of the Casamance region. It is used as a language of commerce.

Standard Portuguese is the official language of Guinea-Bissau, but Guinea-Bissau Creole is the language of trade, informal literature and entertainment. It is not used in news media, parliament, public services or educational programming.

Portuguese-based creole languages

Portuguese creoles are languages that are mixes of other languages and have Portuguese as one of those languages. The most widely spoken Portuguese creoles are the Cape Verdean Creole and Papiamento.

Tukur Yusuf Buratai

Tukur Yusuf Buratai is a retired Nigerian Army and the former Chief of Army Staff of Nigeria from 2015 to 2021.

Buratai was born in Buratai town, Biu Local Government Area of Borno State. He had his primary education at Buratai town and got admission to Government Teachers College Potiskum, Yobe State, where he graduated.

Beat the Devil (movie)

Beat the Devil is a 1953 British American Italian adventure comedy movie directed by John Huston and was based on the 1951 novel of the same name by Claud Cockburn. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Jennifer Jones, Robert Morley, Peter Lorre, Ivor Barnard, Gina Lollobrigida, Edward Underdown, Bernard Lee and was distributed by United Artists.


Jale (name)

Jale (also spelled Jaleh, or Zhaleh, Persian: ژاله‎) is a common feminine given name and surname of Persian and Turkish origin, used in Iran and Turkey, meaning hail stone. Jale is an exquisite name originating from Turkish and Persian cultures. It is a gender-neutral name, suitable for both boys and girls. The name Jale holds great historical and cultural significance in the communities where it is prevalent. The name Jale translates to "dew" or "dewdrop." Dew is a natural occurrence where atmospheric moisture condenses on surfaces like leaves, grass, and flowers. It symbolizes freshness, purity, and new beginnings. Dewdrops are also regarded as symbols of life, growth, and rejuvenation. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

Notable people with the name include:



Medea Abrahamyan

Medea Abrahamyan (; 8 March 1932 – 3 March 2021) was an Armenian cellist, People’s Artist of Armenian SSR (1980) and Professor of the Yerevan Komitas State Conservatory (1983).

Abrahamyan performed in many countries, including France, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg, Poland, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Romania, Iceland, Korea, the United States, Canada, Argentina, Uruguay, Syria, Lebanon, the republics of the former USSR and more.

Alongside her concerts, Abrahamyan also lectured at Yerevan Komitas State Conservatory and the ten-year Tchaikovsky School for decades.

She has taught students of different nationalities and educated generations of musicians in her classroom, which is now widely recognized in not only Armenia, but also abroad.

Władysław Baka

Władysław Baka (24 March 1936 – 3 March 2021) was a Polish economist, politician, and banker. He was the President of the National Bank of Poland from 1985 to 1988 and again from 1989 to 1991. He was a member of the Politburo of the Polish United Workers' Party from 1988 to 1989.

Baka died on 3 March 2021 at the age of 84.

Sérgio Eduardo Castriani

Sérgio Eduardo Castriani (31 May 1954 – 3 March 2021) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic archbishop. He became a priest in 1978. He was coadjutor bishop of the Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Tefé, Brazil, from 1998 to 2000 and was bishop of the territorial prefecture from 2000 to 2012. He then was archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Manaus, Brazil from 2012 to 2019.

Castriani died from problems caused by septicemia on 3 March 2021.

John Sackett

John Sackett (June 3, 1944 – March 4, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 1967 to 1971 and in the Alaska Senate from 1973 to 1987. He was born in Huslia, Alaska.

Sackett died on March 4, 2021, at age 76.

Huslia, Alaska

Huslia (; in Koyukon) is a city in Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area, Alaska, United States. At the 2020 census, 304 people lived there.

National Assembly (Bulgaria)

The National Assembly (, "Narodno sabranie") is the unicameral parliament and legislative body of the Republic of Bulgaria.

The National Assembly was created in 1879 with the Tarnovo Constitution.

The National Assembly has 240 members who are elected for a four-year term elected by proportional representation in multi-seat constituencies.

Klara Marinova

Klara Marinova (Клара Маринова; 20 April 1949 – 3 March 2021) was a Bulgarian journalist and politician. She was a member of the Bulgarian Socialist Party. She was a member of the National Assembly from 1990 until 1997.

Marinova died on 3 March 2021, aged 71.

Katharina Matz

Katharina Matz (11 June 1935 – 3 March 2021) was a Czech-born German actress. She was born in Haindorf, Sudetenland. Matz was known for her roles as Eva in "The Man Who Sold Himself" (1959) and as Lehrerin in "The Wonderful Years" (1971). She retired in 2020.

Matz died on 3 March 2021 in Berlin, aged 85.

Nicola Pagett

Nicola Mary Pagett Scott (15 June 1945 – 3 March 2021), known professionally as Nicola Pagett, was a British actress. She was known for her role as Elizabeth Bellamy in the 1970s TV drama series "Upstairs, Downstairs" (1971–73). Her movie roles include: "Anne of the Thousand Days" (1969), "Operation Daybreak" (1975), and "An Awfully Big Adventure" (1995).

Pagett was diagnosed with manic depression in 1997 and became obsessed with the then Prime Minister's chief Press Secretary, Alastair Campbell.

Pagett died on 3 March 2021 in London from brain cancer, aged 75.

Edward Sandoval

Edward C. Sandoval (January 28, 1947 – March 3, 2021) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives representing District 17 from January 1983 through January 2015.

Sandoval died on March 3, 2021, at age 74.


Alan Cartwright

Alan George Cartwright (10 October 1945 – 4 March 2021) was an English bass player. He was born in London. He joined Procol Harum in 1972. He played with the Freddie Mack Show together with fellow Harum band member B.J. Wilson and Roger Warwick. 

Cartwright was diagnosed with stomach cancer in 2020. He died on 4 March 2021 from the disease, aged 75.

2021 TAF AS532 crash

2021 TAF AS532 crash took place on 4 March 2021, when a Turkish Air Force (TAF) Eurocopter AS532 Cougar going to Tatvan District in Bitlis, Turkey, crashed in Bitlis Province. Eleven Turkish servicemen on board were killed in the crash, while two other servicemen survived the crash. 

It was the fourth incident in Turkey involving the particular model of aircraft, which has caused the deaths of 39 people, including two high-ranking military officers.

Francis Van den Eynde

Francis Van den Eynde (1 April 1946 – 4 March 2021) was a Belgian politician. He was a member of the Flemish Movement and was part of the Vlaams Blok and Vlaams Belang. He was a member of the Chamber of Representatives from 1991 to 2010. He was born in Brussels, Belgium.

Eynde died on 4 March 2021 in Aalst, Belgium at the age of 74.

István Fehér

István Fehér (6 March 1954 – 4 March 2021) was a Hungarian wrestler. He competed in the men's freestyle 74 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics. Fehér was born in Nagykőrös, Hungary.

Fehér died in March 2021, two days before his 67th birthday.

Walter Gretzky

Walter Gretzky, (October 8, 1938 – March 4, 2021) was a Canadian ice hockey executive. He was best known as the father of Canadian ice hockey icon Wayne Gretzky.

Walter was an installer and repairman for Bell Canada for 34 years, retiring in 1991. A work-related injury in 1961 put him in a coma and deafened his right ear.

He helped charities and fundraisers and coached at his summer youth hockey camp in California.

Walter had worked for the CNIB Foundation (formerly the Canadian National Institute for the Blind).

Gretzky died on March 4, 2021 in Brantford, Ontario from problems caused by a fractured hip at the age of 82. He had Parkinson's disease at the time of his death.

Paulette Guinchard-Kunstler

Paulette Guinchard-Kunstler (3 October 1949 – 4 March 2021) was a French politician. She was a member of the National Assembly representing Doubs's 2nd constituency from 1997 until 2001 and again from 2002 until 2007. She was a member of the Socialist Party. Guinchard-Kunstler was born in Reugney, France.

Guinchard-Kunstler died of assisted suicide in Switzerland on 4 March 2021 at the age of 71.

Reugney

Reugney is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Zygmunt Hanusik

Zygmunt Hanusik (28 February 1945 – 4 March 2021) was a Polish cyclist. He competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Śląskie, Poland.

Hanusik died on 4 March 2021 in Katowice, Poland at aged 76.

Tony Hendra

Tony Hendra (10 July 1941 – 4 March 2021) was an English satirist, actor, and writer.

Hendra was probably best known for being the head writer and co-producer in 1984 of the first six shows of the long-running British satirical television series "Spitting Image", and for starring in the movie "This Is Spinal Tap" as the band's manager Ian Faith.

Hendra died on 4 March 2021 from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in Yonkers, New York at the age of 79.

Hossain Toufique Imam

Hossain Toufique Imam (; 15 January 1939 – 4 March 2021) was a Bangladesh Awami League politician. He was a political advisor to the Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina. 

Imam died of kidney disease at a Dhaka hospital on 4 March 2021, aged 82.

Atanasije Jevtić

Atanasije Jevtić (Serbian Cyrillic: Атанасије Јевтић; 8 January 1938 – 4 March 2021) was a Serbian Orthodox prelate. He was the bishop of Banat from 1991 until 1992, and the bishop of Zahumlje and Herzegovina from 1992 until his retirement in 1999.

Johannes Kert

Johannes Kert (3 December 1959 – 4 March 2021) was an Estonian politician and military officer. He was the Commander of the Estonian Defence Forces from 1996 until 2000. He retired from the military in 2008. Kert had been a member of the Estonian Reform Party.

Kert died on 4 March 2021 at the age of 61.

Heinz Klevenow Jr.

Heinz Klevenow Jr. (28 August 1940 – 4 March 2021) was a German actor and theatre director. His best known movie roles were in "Entlassen auf Bewährung" (1965) and "Chingachgook, die große Schlange" (1967). 

He was artistic director of the Puppentheater Halle from 1978 to 1982 and then at the theatre from 1989 to 2004.

Klevenow Jr. died on 4 March 2021 at the age of 80.

Paul McMullen

Paul McMullen (February 19, 1972 – March 4, 2021) was an American middle-distance runner. He was known for running in the 1500 meters. He competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. McMullen finished tenth at the 1995 World Championships in Athletics.

McMullen was killed in a skiing accident in Michigan on March 4, 2021 at the age of 49.

Mark Pavelich

Mark Thomas Pavelich (February 28, 1958 – March 4, 2021) was an American professional ice hockey forward. He played 355 regular season games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the New York Rangers, Minnesota North Stars, and San Jose Sharks between 1981 until 1991. 

Pavelich was a member of the 1980 U.S. Olympic hockey team that won the gold medal in what has been called the "Miracle on Ice".

Pavelich was arrested on August 15, 2019, after allegedly assaulting and seriously injuring a neighbor with whom he'd earlier been fishing. He was charged with four felony counts. On December 4, 2019 the court ruled that Pavelich was mentally ill and dangerous and ordered him committed to a secure treatment facility.

It was believed that he suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE).

Pavelich died on March 4, 2021, at a residential treatment center in Sauk Centre, Minnesota at the age of 63. He is the second member of the 1980 U.S. Olympic hockey team to die, the first being Bob Suter.

Chris Schultz

Christopher Schultz (February 16, 1960 – March 4, 2021) was a Canadian professional football player. He was an offensive tackle in the National Football League (NFL) and Canadian Football League (CFL). He played with the CFL Toronto Argonauts. Schultz played college football at the University of Arizona. 

He was a sportscaster with Canadian sports television channel TSN.

Schultz died of a heart attack in Burlington, Ontario on March 4, 2021 at the age of 61.

Tengiz Sichinava

Tengiz Sichinava (15 May 1972 – 4 March 2021) was a Georgian football player and manager. He played as a midfielder.

Sichinava left Georgia in 2001 for Russian First Division side Baltika Kaliningrad. In 2005, he left Georgia again for Azerbaijan side Turan Tovuz. He played for MKT Araz.

Sichinava made his Georgia national team debut on 4 September 1999. He made ten appearances for them and left in 2000.

Patrick Dupond

Patrick Dupond (14 March 1959 – 5 March 2021) was a French ballet dancer and artistic director. He was named danseur étoile of the Paris Opera Ballet in 1980. He worked with eminent dancers such as Rudolf Nureyev, Maurice Béjart and Alvin Ailey.

In 1990, he became dance director of the Paris Opera Ballet. He left this position in 1995, then the Paris Opera in 1997. 

Dupond was gay and controversially said he made the "mistake of choosing to be gay".

Dupond died on March 5, 2021, a few days before his 62nd birthday.

Gerald Kogan

Gerald Kogan (May 23, 1933 – March 4, 2021) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a Justice of the Florida Supreme Court from 1987 until 1998. He was Chief Justice from 1996 until 1998. He was born in New York City. 

Kogan died on March 4, 2021 at the age of 87.

Stig Malm

Stig Nils Åke Malm (4 March 1942 – 5 March 2021) was a Swedish trade unionist (Swedish Metalworkers' Union) and politician. He was chairman of the Swedish Trade Union Confederation (Swedish: "Landsorganisationen i Sverige", LO) from 1983 until 1993.

Malm died on 5 March 2021 from problems caused by COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Sweden, one day after his 79th birthday.


Margarita Maslennikova

Margarita Maslennikova (2 November 1928 – 5 March 2021) was a Soviet cross-country skier who competed in the 1950s. She was born in Leningrad. She won a gold medal in the 3 × 5 km relay at the 1954 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Falun.

Maslennikova died in Saint Petersburg on 5 March 2021, aged 92.

Birgitta Rasmusson

Kerstin Birgitta Rasmusson, (4 September 1939 – 5 March 2021) was a Swedish television personality, baker and author. Between 2012 and 2019, she was a judge on "Hela Sverige bakar", which was broadcast on TV4. She reprised the role for its celebrity version. Rasmusson was born in Ljungskile, Sweden.

Rasmusson died on 5 March 2021 in Stockholm, at the age of 81.

José Carlos da Silva Júnior

José Carlos da Silva Júnior (16 June 1926 – 5 March 2021) was a Brazilian politician and businessman. He was a member of the Democratic Social Party. He was a Senator from 1996 to 1999 and Vice-Governor of the state of Paraíba from 1983 to 1986. 

Silva Júnior died from COVID-19 in São Paulo, São Paulo, on 5 March 2021, at the age of 94, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil.

Michael Stanley

Michael Stanley Gee (March 25, 1948 – March 5, 2021) was an American singer-songwriter, musician, and radio personality. From 1974 until 1987, he played for the Michael Stanley band. 

On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times Magazine" listed Michael Stanley among hundreds of artists whose material was reportedly destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.

Stanley died in his sleep on March 5, 2021, after suffering for seven months with lung cancer.

Adelio Terraroli

Adelio Terraroli (24 July 1931 – 5 March 2021) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1968 to 1979 as a member of the Italian Communist Party.

Harald's tree frog

Harald's tree frog ("Dendropsophus haraldschultzi") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Peru and Brazil in the valley made by the Amazon River.

Carlo Tognoli

Carlo Tognoli (16 June 1938 – 5 March 2021) was an Italian politician.

Tognoli was born at Milan. He was Mayor of Milan from 1976 to 1986. From 1984 until 1987 he was also elected to the European Parliament.

From 1981 to 1992 he was a journalist and director of the monthly newspaper Critica Sociale.

Tognoli died in Milan on 5 March 2021, at the age of 82, from problems caused by COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Italy.

Anton Urban

Anton Urban (16 January 1934 – 5 March 2021) was a Slovak footballer. He played as a defender for Slovan Bratislava. He was the captain of the Czechoslovakian silver medal winning team at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. 

Bengt Åberg

Bengt Edvin Åberg (26 June 1944 – 6 March 2021) was a Swedish professional motocross racer. He competed in the Motocross World Championships from 1966 to 1979. He was a two-time FIM 500cc Motocross World Champion.

Franco Acosta

Franco Acosta Machado (5 March 1996 – 6 March 2021) was a Uruguayan professional footballer who played as a striker.

Acosta joined Centro Atlético Fénix's youth setup in 2009, aged 13. On 23 November 2013, he made his first team debut.

On 19 January 2015, he signed a -year contract with Villarreal CF, being assigned to the reserves in Segunda División B.

On 15 January 2018, Acosta joined Segunda Division B team Racing de Santander on loan until the end of the season. Acosta was then loaned out to Plaza Colonia for the 2019 season. 

On 6 March 2021, a day after his 25th birthday, Acosta disappeared after swimming across the Arroyo Pando, in the Department of Canelones, Uruguay. Two days later, on 8 March 2021, his body was found. He was declared dead at the scene.

Chi Shangbin

Chi Shangbin (; 19 September 1949 – 6 March 2021) was a Chinese football player and coach.

As player, he spent his whole career playing for Liaoning. As manager, he was best known for his record at Dalian Wanda of 55 unbeaten run between 1995 and 1997 in the league, which brought him two Chinese Jia-A League titles.

Chi died of a heart attack on 6 March 2021, aged 71.

Abdul Ghani Gilong

Abdul Ghani bin Gilong (30 May 1932 – 6 March 2021) was a Malaysian politician. From 1969 until 1978, he was a member of the Parliament of Malaysia. He was the Minister of Transport from 1970 until 1971. He also was the Minister of Works from 1972 until 1974 and again from 1976 until 1978.

Ghani died at a hospital in Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia on 6 March 2021 from COVID-19, aged 88.

Ismail Kijo

Ismail bin Kijo (28 May 1952 – 3 February 2021) was a Malaysian politician. He was Member of the Selangor State Assembly for Lembah Jaya of three terms from 1995 to 2008.

On 3 February 2021, Ismail died from COVID-19 during the pandemic in Malaysia. He was 68.

Vilém Holáň

Vilém Holáň (23 September 1938 – 5 March 2021) was a Czech politician. He was Minister of Defense for KDU-ČSL from 1994 to 1996. He was an observer to the European Parliament in 2003 and 2004. Holáň was born in Ostrava.

Holáň died on 5 March 2021, aged 82.

Boris Komnenić

Boris Komnenić (; 29 March 1957 – 6 March 2021) was a Serbian actor. He appeared in more than sixty movies from 1980 until 2011.

He was known for his roles in "Days of Dreams", "Taiwan Canasta", "Dancing in Water", "The Misfit Brigade", "The Belgrade Phantom", "When I Grow Up, I'll Be a Kangaroo", "Loving Glances" and "Novogodišnje venčanje".

Komnenić died on 6 March 2021 in Belgrade, aged 63.

Valentin Kurbatov

Valentin Yakovlevich Kurbatov () (29 September 1939 – 6 March 2021) was a Russian literary critic and writer. He was a member of the Yasnaya Polyana Literary Award, member of the Writers' Union of Russia. He was also member of the Public Chamber of Russia from 2010 to 2014 and member of the Presidential Council for Culture.

Allan J. McDonald

Allan James McDonald (July 9, 1937 – March 6, 2021) was an American engineer, aerospace consultant and author. He was the director of the Space Shuttle Solid Rocket Motor Project for Morton-Thiokol.

In January 1986, he refused to sign off on a launch of the Space Shuttle "Challenger" which broke apart 73 seconds into flight. 

McDonald died in Ogden, Utah at the age of 83 on March 6, 2021. The cause of death was a cerebral hemorrhage caused by a fall.

Thongak Lairembi

Thongak Lairembi (), also known as Langol Lairemma (), is a goddess in Meitei mythology and religion. She is the divine female personification of the death. She guards the door of the entrance to the underworld, which is the land of the death, ruled by her consort, Thongalel. 
Legend says she gets departed from her husband when Thongalel was lost in the battle between the gods of the underworld and those of the upper world, in the hands of Salailen Sidaba. The winner asked the goddess, who is the wife of the loser, to be the gatekeeper of the entrance gate to the underworld, and for Thongalel, he gave him Khamnung Kikoi Louonbi, in return.

The name "Thongak Lairembi" (/tʰóŋ.ŋak.pə. lai.rem.bi/) is made up of two Meitei language (Manipuri language) words, "Thongak" (ꯊꯣꯡꯉꯥꯛ, /tʰóŋ.ŋak./) and "Lairembi" (ꯂꯥꯢꯔꯦꯝꯕꯤ, /lai.rem.bi/). "Thongak" (adjectival form of noun word "Thongngakpa", /tʰóŋ.ŋak.pə/) means or in Meitei language (Manipuri language). "Lairembi" (ꯂꯥꯢꯔꯦꯝꯕꯤ, /lai.rem.bi/) means or a female in Meitei language (Manipuri language).

Every year, the Lai Haraoba festival is celebrated in honor of goddess Thongak Lairembi ().


Nikki van der Zyl

Monica "Nikki" van der Zyl (27 April 1935 – 6 March 2021) was a German voice-over artist. She was known for her dubbing work on the "James Bond" movie series.

Van der Zyl died on 6 March 2021 in London from problems caused by a stroke, aged 85.


Shasta Lake, California

The City of Shasta Lake, formerly known as Central Valley or CV, is a city in Shasta County, California, United States. It is the closest town to Shasta Dam and Shasta Lake, which are popular travel destinations.

Agustín Balbuena

Agustín Alberto Balbuena (1 September 1945 – 9 March 2021) was an Argentine football striker. He won four Copa Libertadores and the Copa Intercontinental with Club Atlético Independiente. He also played for the national team in the 1970s.

Balbuena died on 9 March 2021, aged 75.

Club Atlético Colón

Club Atlético Colón () is a sports club from Santa Fe, Argentina. The football team plays in the first division of the Argentine football league system, the Argentine Primera División.


Hans-Christian Gabrielsen

Hans-Christian Gabrielsen (27 July 1967 – 9 March 2021) was a Norwegian industrial worker, politician, and trade unionist. He was elected leader of the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions in May 2017. 

Gabrielsen died suddenly in his sleep on 9 March 2021 from heart failure, aged 53.

Rafet Husović

Rafet Husović (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Рафет Хусовић, 2 April 19649 March 2021) was a Montenegrin politician. He was the Deputy Prime Minister of Montenegro from 2012 until 2020. He was the founder and long-time president of the Bosniak Party (BS). Husović was born in Rožaje, SR Montenegro.

Husović died on 9 March 2021, at the age of 56, after a long-illness.

Jhon Jarrín

Jhon Jarrín (21 December 1961 — 9 March 2021) was an Ecuadorian track cyclist. He competed in the individual and team pursuit events at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Jarrín killed after being hit by a car in Cuenca, Ecuador on 9 March 2021, aged 59.

Erling Lorentzen

Erling Sven Lorentzen (28 January 1923 – 9 March 2021) was a Norwegian-Brazilian shipowner and businessman. He founded Aracruz Celulose in 1968. He was the widower of Princess Ragnhild, the eldest child of King Olav V of Norway.

Skirret

Skirret ("Sium sisarum") is a perennial plant of the family Apiaceae. Sometimes people grow it as a root vegetable. The English name skirret comes from the Dutch word "suikerwortel," meaning "sugar root." In Scotland, it is called "crummock."

Steven Spurrier (wine merchant)

Steven Spurrier (5 October 1941 – 9 March 2021) was a British wine expert and merchant. He was known as a "champion of French wine". Spurrier created the Paris Wine Tasting of 1976. He was also the founder of the "Academie du Vin" and Christie's Wine Course.

Gamification

Gamification is making an activity that isn't a game (a playful or competitive activity) more like a game. The word comes from "game" and "-ification", a suffix meaning "The process of becoming". Gamification is about implementing game design elements and game rules in real life. The use of gamification solutions helps to increase the involvement of users or employees. The main benefits of gamification:

Josy Stoffel

Josy Stoffel (27 June 1928 – 9 March 2021) was a Luxembourgian gymnast. He was born in Differdange. He participated in five Summer Olympic Games (1948, 1952, 1956, 1960, 1964), but never won a medal. He won the Luxembourgian national gymnastics championships for sixteen straight years, from 1949 until 1964.

In 2008 he was promoted to the rank of Chevalier in the Order of Merit of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

Tommy Troelsen

Tommy Brian Troelsen (10 July 1940 – 9 March 2021) was a Danish football player and manager, and television presenter. He played his entire club career with Vejle Boldklub, winning one Danish championship and two Danish Cup trophies. 

Troelsen played 16 matches and scored five goals for the Danish national team, and won a silver medal for Denmark at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was television host on Danmarks Radio and dk4.

Troelsen died aged 80 on 9 March 2021 after a long illness.

Jiří Ventruba

Jiří Ventruba (February 2, 1950 – March 9, 2021) was a Czech neurosurgeon and politician. He was born in Brno. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic from 2017 until his death.

Ventruba died on March 9, 2021 in Prague from COVID-19, aged 71.

Muhammad Saeed al-Sahhaf

Mohammed Saeed al-Sahhaf ( '; 30 July 1940 – ) also known as Baghdad Bob or Comical Ali, is an Iraqi former diplomat and politician. He became well known during the 2003 invasion of Iraq, during which he was the Media and Foreign Affairs Minister under Iraqi President Saddam Hussein. He was spokesman for the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party and Saddam's government.

Kate Lehrer

Kate Lehrer (born Kate Tom Staples; December 17, 1939) is an American writer, novelist and book reviewer. She was a panelist on the Diane Rehm Book Club on National Public Radio.

She is the widow of writer and journalist Jim Lehrer.

John Porter (Illinois politician)

Porter died on June 3, 2022 after being hospitalized in North Shore area in Illinois, two days after his 87th birthday.


Brad Schneider

Bradley Scott Schneider (born August 20, 1961) is an American politician. He is the U.S. Representative for Illinois's 10th congressional district since 2017. He held this office before from 2013 to 2015. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Donald Sumpter

Donald Sumpter (born 13 February 1943) is an English actor. In seasons 1 and 2, he played Maester Luwin in the HBO series "Game of Thrones".

Valery Legasov

Valery Alekseyevich Legasov (; 1 September 1936 – 27 April 1988) was a Soviet inorganic chemist and a member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR. He is known for his work as the chief of the commission investigating the Chernobyl disaster.

Legasov hung himself at his Moscow apartment on 27 April 1988, aged 51.

Boris Shcherbina

Boris Yevdokimovich Shcherbina (; 5 October 1919 – 22 August 1990) was a Ukrainian Soviet politician. He was a vice-chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Soviet Union from 1984 to 1989. He was in charge of Soviet crisis management of two major catastrophes: the 1986 Chernobyl disaster and the 1988 Armenian earthquake.

1988 Armenian earthquake

The 1988 Armenian earthquake, also known as the Spitak earthquake (, "Spitaki yerkrasharj"), happened on December 7 at with a surface wave magnitude of 6.8 and a maximum MSK intensity of X ("Devastating").

The shock happened in the northern region of Armenia. Between 25,000 and 50,000 were killed and up to 130,000 were injured.

Despite the tensions of the Cold War, Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev formally asked the United States for humanitarian help within a few days of the earthquake.

Lyudmila Lyadova

Lyudmila Alekseevna Lyadova (; 29 March 1925 – 10 March 2021) was a Russian composer and singer. In 1985, she was honored with People's Artist of the USSR. She was known for appearing in many operas and theatre shows for children.

In June 2020, Lyadova was hospitalized in Moscow with COVID-19. She died from problems caused by the infection on 10 March 2021, aged 95.


Isela Vega

Isela Vega Durazo (5 November 1939 – 9 March 2021) was a Mexican actress, singer-songwriter, and filmmaker. She was born in Hermosillo, Sonora. She was best known for her role as Elita in Sam Peckinpah's "Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia". She also starred as Victoria Aguirre in the Netflix original series "The House of Flowers".

Vega died of cancer in Mexico City on 9 March 2021 at the age of 81.


Sandbox video game

Sandbox video games are a form of video game that implements a "sandbox" design. These games are usually open world games. A few examples of this design concept are Grand Theft Auto and Minecraft, Second Life. There are also games dedicated to sandboxes for scientific purposes.

Lou Ottens

Lou Ottens (21 June 1926 – 6 March 2021) was a Dutch engineer. He worked his entire career at Philips. He was known as the inventor of the cassette tape. Ottens was born in Bellingwolde, Netherlands

Ottens died on 6 March 2021 in Duizel, Netherlands at the age of 94.

House of Nationalities

The House of Nationalities (, "Amyotha Hluttaw") is the "de jure" upper house of the Pyidaungsu Hluttaw, the bicameral legislature of Myanmar (Burma). It is made up of 224 members, of whom 168 are directly elected and 56 appointed by the Myanmar Armed Forces.

Assembly of the Union

The Assembly of the Union ( "Pyidaungsu Hluttaw") is the "de jure" national-level bicameral legislature of Myanmar (officially known as the "Republic of the Union of Myanmar") created by the 2008 National Constitution. The Pyidaungsu Hluttaw is made up of two houses, the House of Nationalities, a 224-seat upper house as well as the Pyithu Hluttaw, a 440-seat lower house.


Pyithu Hluttaw

The House of Representatives (, "Pyithu Hluttaw") is the lower house of the Pyidaungsu Hluttaw, the bicameral legislature of Myanmar (Burma). It is made up of 440 members, of which 330 are directly elected through the first-past-the-post system in each townships and 110 are appointed by the Myanmar Armed Forces.

As of 8 November 2015, 90% of the members are men (389 members) and 10% women (44 members).

Mordechai Bar-On

Mordechai Bar-On (, 26 December 1928 – 7 March 2021) was an Israeli historian, Chief Education Officer of the Israel Defense Forces and politician. He was a member of the Knesset for Ratz from 1984 to 1986.

He died in March 2021.

Thaddeus M. Buczko

Thaddeus M. Buczko (February 23, 1926 – March 7, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1959 until 1964. He was Massachusetts Auditor from 1964 until 1981. 

Buczko died on March 7, 2021, in Salem, Massachusetts at age 95.

Olivier Dassault

Olivier Dassault (1 June 1951 – 7 March 2021) was a French politician and businessman. He was a member of the National Assembly from 1988 until 1997 and from 2002 until his death. Dassault was a member of the The Republicans. Dassault was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, France.

Dassault was killed in a helicopter crash on 7 March 2021 near Touques, France at the age of 69.

Keith Greene

Keith Greene (5 January 1938 – 7 March 2021) was an English racing driver. He raced in Formula One from 1959 to 1962, participating in six World Championship Grands Prix and numerous non-Championship races. Greene was born in London.

Greene died of a cardiac arrest in London on 7 March 2021, aged 83.

Georges Gruillot

Georges Gruillot (14 August 1931 – 7 March 2021) was a French politician. Gruillot became a Senator from Doubs on 4 September 1988 for the National Assembly. He was a member of the Rally for the Republic. He retired in 2008.

Gruillot died on 7 March 2021 at the age of 89.

Janis Hape

Janis Lynn Hape (March 10, 1958 – March 7, 2021), also known by her married name Janis Dowd, was an American competition swimmer. Hape represented the United States as an 18-year-old at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec. She was born in Gary, Indiana.

Hape died from heart failure in Charlotte, North Carolina on March 7, 2021 at the age of 62.

Sanja Ilić

Aleksandar "Sanja" Ilić (; 27 March 1951 – 7 March 2021) was a Serbian composer and keyboardist. He founded the group Balkanika in 1998. He represented Serbia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 in Lisbon, Portugal, with the song "Nova deca".

Ilić died on 7 March 2021 in Belgrade from problems caused by COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Serbia, aged 69.

Mirko Pavinato

Mirko Pavinato (20 June 1934 – 7 March 2021) was an Italian football player and manager. He played as a defender. Pavinato served as manager of San Marino between 1971 and 1972.

Pavinato died on 7 March 2021 at the age of 86 from kidney failure caused by COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Italy in Bologna.

ASD Victor San Marino

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Victor San Marino, better known as Victor San Marino (and formerly San Marino Calcio), is a Sammarinese professional association football club based in the city of Serravalle, that competed in the Eccellenza.

It was founded in 1959 and re-founded in 1973 and again in 2000, it was the only football club based in the Republic of San Marino authorized by the FIGC to compete in the Italian football league

Lars Göran Petrov

Lars-Göran Petrov (17 February 1972 – 7 March 2021), often abbreviated as L-G Petrov, was a Swedish singer. He was best known for his work with the band Entombed.

He also played drums in Morbid, which featured Mayhem vocalist Per Yngve "Dead" Ohlin in its original line up.

In August 2020, Petrov was diagnosed with bile duct cancer. He died from the disease on 7 March 2021, aged 49.

Nikolay Smorchkov

Nikolay Gavrilovich Smorchkov (; August 9, 1930 – March 7, 2021) was a Soviet and Russian actor. He starred in more than 160 movies. His best known roles were in "True Friends", "The Cranes Are Flying" and "A Cruel Romance".

Smorchkov died on March 7, 2021 at the age of 90.

Frank Thorne

Benjamin Franklin ”Frank” Thorne (June 16, 1930 – March 7, 2021) was an American comic book artist-writer. He was best known for creating the Marvel Comics character Red Sonja.

Thorne died on March 7, 2021 in Scotch Plains, New Jersey at the age of 90.

Scotch Plains, New Jersey

Scotch Plains is a township in Union County, New Jersey, United States. In the 2020 Census, 24,968 people lived here.

Albert Vallvé

Albert Vallvé i Navarro (2 December 1945 – 7 March 2021) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the Senate of Spain from 1993 until 1996. He was born in Tarragona, Spain. He was a member of the Democratic Union of Catalonia.

Vallvé died on 7 March 2021 in Tarragona, aged 75.

Josip Alebić

Josip Alebić (also known as Jozo or Joško; 7 January 1947 – 8 March 2021) was a Croatian sprinter. He was part of the 400 metres races. He competed for Yugoslavia in the 400 m and 4 × 400 m relay events in the 1972, 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics.

Alebić died on 8 March 2021, aged 74.

Anshuman Singh

Anshuman Singh (7 July 1935 – 8 March 2021) was an Indian politician. He was Governor of Rajasthan from 1999 until 2003. He also was Governor of Gujarat from 1998 until 1999.

He died from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in India.


Kuryana Azis

Kuryana Azis (10 April 1952 – 8 March 2021) was an Indonesian politician. He was the regent of Ogan Komering Ulu from 2015 until his death. He was born in Tanjung Kemala, Baturaja, Ogan Komering Ulu, South Sumatra.

Azis died during the COVID-19 pandemic in Indonesia on 8 March 2021, aged 68. 

Rafael Palmero Ramos

Rafael Palmero Ramos (27 July 1936 ― 8 March 2021) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate. He was the auxiliary bishop of Toledo between 1987 and 1996. He was the bishop of Palencia between 1996 and 2006 and of Orihuela-Alicante between 2006 and 2012.

Palmero Ramos, who had lung cancer, was infected with COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Spain in January 2021. He died on 8 March 2021 from problems caused by the diseases, aged 84.

Magma (band)

Magma is a French progressive rock band founded in Paris in 1969 by classically trained drummer Christian Vander.


Rasim Öztekin

Rasim Öztekin (14 January 1959 – 8 March 2021) was a Turkish actor. He appeared in more than forty movies from 1985 until his death. He was known for his roles in "G.O.R.A." (2004), "Pardon" (2005), "When Luck Breaks the Door" (2005), "For Love and Honor" (2007), "One Day in the Future" (2010) and "Düğün Dernek" (2013).

Öztekin died of a heart attack on 8 March 2021 in Istanbul at the age of 62.

Norton Juster

Norton Juster (June 2, 1929 – March 8, 2021) was an American academic, architect, and writer. He was best known as an author of children's books, notably for "The Phantom Tollbooth" and "The Dot and the Line".

Juster died on March 8, 2021, at his home in Northampton, Massachusetts from problems caused by a stroke, aged 91.

Leon Gast

Leon Gast (March 1, 1936 – March 8, 2021) was an American documentary movie director, producer, cinematographer, and editor. He was best known for his documentary movies "When We Were Kings" and "The Grateful Dead Movie". He won the 1996 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. Gast was born in Jersey City, New Jersey.

Gast died on March 8, 2021 in New York City, just one week after his 85th birthday.

Rhéal Cormier

Rhéal Paul Cormier (April 23, 1967 – March 8, 2021) was a Canadian professional baseball left-handed relief pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB), for the St. Louis Cardinals, Boston Red Sox (twice), Montreal Expos, Philadelphia Phillies, and Cincinnati Reds for 16 seasons, between 1991 through 2007. 

On March 8, 2021, Cormier died of pancreatic cancer at the age of 53.

Adrian Bărar

Adrian Armand Bărar (15 January 1960 – 8 March 2021) was a Romanian guitarist and composer. He was the founder of the Heavy metal band Cargo. 

Bărar died of COVID-19 on 8 March 2021 in his hometown of Timișoara during the COVID-19 pandemic in Romania at the age of 61.

Joey Benjamin

Joseph Emmanuel Benjamin (2 February 1961 – 8 March 2021) was a St Kitts-born English cricketer. He played in one Test and two ODIs from 1994 to 1995. His single Test match appearance for England came in 1994. After retiring as a player, Benjamin was a cricket coach.

Benjamin died on 8 March 2021 after suffering a heart attack in Surrey, England at the age of 60.

Cepillín

Ricardo González Gutiérrez known as Cepillín () (February 7, 1946 – March 8, 2021) was a Mexican clown, singer, television personality and actor. He was born in Monterrey, Mexico. His career lasted from 1977 until his death. He starred in the Televisa program "El Show de Cepillín". Cepillín had another show in 1987 called "Una sonrisa con Cepillín" on Channel 5 of Televisa.

In April 2018, Cepillín endorsed Andrés Manuel López Obrador for president in the 2018 election.

Cepillín died at a Naucalpan hospital on March 8, 2021 from spinal cancer, aged 75.

Blood Work (movie)

Blood Work is a 2002 American mystery thriller movie produced, directed by, and starring Clint Eastwood. The movie co-stars Jeff Daniels, Wanda De Jesús, and Anjelica Huston. It is based on the 1998 novel of the same name by Michael Connelly.

The movie was released on August 9, 2002 to mixed reviews.

Michael Connelly

Michael Joseph Connelly (born July 21, 1956) is an American author. He is known for his crime novels about LAPD Detective Hieronymus "Harry" Bosch and criminal defense attorney Mickey Haller. 

His first novel, "The Black Echo", won the Mystery Writers of America Edgar Award for Best First Novel in 1992. In 2002, Clint Eastwood directed and starred in the movie version of Connelly's 1997 novel, "Blood Work".

Space Cowboys

Space Cowboys is a 2000 American adventure drama movie directed and produced by Clint Eastwood. It stars Eastwood, Tommy Lee Jones, Donald Sutherland, and James Garner as four older "ex-test pilots" who are sent into space to fix an old Soviet satellite. The movie also stars James Cromwell and Marcia Gay Harden.

The movie was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Editing in 2001.

Loren Dean

Loren Dean (born July 31, 1969) is an American actor. He was born in Las Vegas, Nevada. His career began in 1988. His best known movies are "Apollo 13" (1995), "How to Make an American Quilt" (1995), "Gattaca" (1997), "Enemy of the State" (1998) and "Space Cowboys" (2000).

The Mule (2018 movie)

The Mule is a 2018 American crime drama movie produced and directed by Clint Eastwood. It is based on the story of Leo Sharp, a World War II veteran who became a drug courier for the Sinaloa Cartel in his 80s.

The movie also stars Bradley Cooper, Laurence Fishburne, Michael Peña, Dianne Wiest, and Andy García. 

"The Mule" was released in the United States on December 14, 2018, by Warner Bros. to strong positive reviews.

Wanda De Jesus

Wanda De Jesus (born August 26, 1958) is an American actress. She was the fourth actress to play Santana Andrade in NBC's soap opera "Santa Barbara". She is also known for her role as Graciella Rivers in "Blood Work".

Soon-Yi Previn

Soon-Yi Previn (, Oh Soon-hee, ; born October 8, 1970) is the adopted daughter of actress Mia Farrow and musician André Previn, and the wife of filmmaker Woody Allen. 

Soon-Yi Previn is known for her relationship with Allen, who was her adoptive mother's boyfriend for over 10 years. Previn's relationship with Allen became national news in 1992.

In 1992, Previn said that Farrow had physically abused her. 

True Crime (1999 movie)

True Crime is a 1999 American mystery thriller movie directed by Clint Eastwood. It is based on Andrew Klavan's 1995 novel of the same name. Eastwood also stars in the movie as a journalist covering the execution of a death row inmate, only to discover that the convict may actually be innocent. The movie also starts Isaiah Washington, James Woods, Denis Leary and LisaGay Hamilton.

The movie was released on March 19, 1999 to mixed reviews.

Harris Faulkner

Harris Kimberley Faulkner (born October 13, 1965) is a conservative American newscaster, and television host for Fox News Channel. Faulkner joined Fox News Channel in 2005. She hosts "The Faulkner Focus" and "Outnumbered". 

Fava bean

Vicia fava is a plant in the family of the pea and bean family Fabaceae. It is commonly cultivated as a crop. Its English common names include fava bean, faba bean, broad bean, tick bean and horse bean. 

Favism is a hereditary disease: People with this condition who eat fava beans will get problems with their red blood cells.

Road to Germany

"Road to Germany" is the 3rd episode of "Family Guy"s 7th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on October 19, 2008. The episode is about Mort Goldman in a time machine going to Warsaw, Poland in September 1939 (when Germany invaded Poland). Brian and Stewie must save Mort from danger.

It was written by Patrick Meighan. Greg Colton is the director of the episode.

Mort (the Griffin family's Jewish friend) goes to the Griffin family's house and needs to use bathroom. He thinks that Stewie's time machine is a bathroom and goes inside. The time machine takes Mort somewhere in the past. Mort can not go back to the present because he does not have a return pad (a machine that will take him back to the present). Brian and Stewie get a return pad and go to the past. They learn that Mort is at Warsaw on September 1, 1939, right before Poland is invaded and World War II starts. Mort is in a synagogue with his ancestors.

Brian and Stewie's return pad does not work. They try to take Mort to England so he is safe from Nazis. German officers find them cross a border and go after them. Brian, Stewie, and Mort get in a motorbike to get away from the officers. They steal a U-boat and make it to England. The return pad does not have uranium to work. Brian says that the only place that has uranium is in a nuclear power plant in Berlin, Nazi Germany. They join the Royal Air Force and get in a dogfight with Luftwaffe Messerschmitt Bf 109 fighters. They make it to the nuclear power plant in Berlin. Stewie makes himself look like Adolf Hitler so he can get uranium. They find the real Hitler, who wants them executed. They get the uranium needed for the return pad and makes it go to the present.

They make it in Stewie's room 30 seconds before Mort first went in the time machine. Stewie kills the Mort that was in Germany by putting him in the time machine and destroying it with a raygun. The first Mort does not make it to the bathroom quick enough.

"Road to Germany" was written by Patrick Meighan. Greg Colton is the director of the episode. It is the 4th episode of the "Road to ..." series, episodes where Brian and Stewie go to places outside of Quahog. The episodes are a parody of the "Road to ..." movies with Bing Crosby and Bob Hope. "Road to Germany" and other episodes from the 7th season were put on a DVD on June 16, 2009.

About 9.07 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast. Ahsan Haque from IGN said that the episode is "one of the best episodes of the show in years." He talks about how the animation is "gorgeous", the story being exciting, and the episode's "hilarous offensive humor". Alex Rocha from "TV Guide" thought that the episode was "average" when in comparison to episodes that were broadcast before it. Francis Rizzo III from DVD Talk said that the episode is "hugely memorable" and said the episode's animation is one of the best in "Family Guy".

"Family Guy" got a nomination for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series in 2009. It was the first animated television show to be nominated for the award since "The Flintstones" in 1961. This episode was one of the three episode that was given for the nomination. The other two were "Family Gay" and "I Dream of Jesus". Seth MacFarlane (creator of "Family Guy") said that those episodes were submitted because they were "
" shows.


Arizona's 4th congressional district

Arizona's 4th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Arizona. Republican Paul Gosar is the representative.

A. R. Penck

Ralf Winkler, better known by his artistic name A. R. Penck (5 October 1939 – 2 May 2017) was a German painter and sculptor. He was a leading artist in both East Germany and later West Germany in the period after World War II. He was one of the main painters of neo-expressionism.


Univision Communications

Univision Communications Inc. is an American media company/ It is headquartered in Miami, Florida.

Univision Communications Inc. was founded in 1962 as Spanish International Communications Corporation. From September 1996 to April 2007, Univision Communications Inc. traded in the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol UVN. On May 30, 2018, Vincent Sadusky was made the new CEO of Univision. He replaced Randy Falco. Sadusky had previously work for Telemundo and the local station groups LIN Media and Media General. 

On February 25, 2020, investment firms ForgeLight (launched by Viacom CFO Wade Davis) and Searchlight Capital bought the 64% controlling stake in the company. This had been held by its investment group ownership at the time. The minority owner Televisa kept its 36% share of the company. As a result, the company was led by Davis as the new CEO. The sale was completed on December 29, 2020.

Stevenage F.C.

Stevenage F.C. is an English football team. They currently play in the EFL League One.

Hamed Bakayoko

Hamed Bakayoko (8 March 1965 – 10 March 2021) was an Ivorian politician. He served as Prime Minister of the Ivory Coast (officially the Republic of Côte d'Ivoire) from 8 July 2020 until his death on 10 March 2021. He was also the Minister of Defence from 2017 until his death. Bakayoko was born in Abidjan.

Bakayoko had tested positive to COVID-19 more than three different times between April 2020 and February 2021. He also had malaria. On 10 March 2021, he died of cancer at a hospital in Freiburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. He died two days after his 56th birthday.

Kakching Garden

The Kakching Garden () is a garden on the Uyok Ching hill to the west of the Kakching airfield. It is in the Kakching district of Manipur. It has many shrines of different religions, including those of traditional Meitei religion (Sanamahism) and Hinduism.

There is a temple dedicated to Pakhangba inside the garden.

The sculpture of the goddess Haoreima Shampubi is an important artwork in teh garden.

The temple housing a statue of Hindu God Shiva inside the garden is sacred to Hindus .


Patrick Achi

Patrick Achi (born 17 November 1955) is an Ivorian politician. He is a member of the Parti démocratique de Côte d'Ivoire.

Between 2010 and 2017, Achi was Minister of Economic Infrastructure for the Cote d'Ivoire government.

On 16 April 2020, Achi announced that he had tested positive for COVID-19 and was self-isolating until further notice.

Achi was appointed acting prime minister on 8 March 2021 after the death of Prime Minister Hamed Bakayoko.

In October 2021, his name was mentioned in the Pandora Papers. He controlled at least until 2006 Allstar Consultancy Services Limited, an offshore company located in the Bahamas and created in 1998 through a nominee, while Achi was government commissioner with the Ivorian Electricity Company. (CIE) and technical advisor to the Minister of Energy.

2021 Bata explosions

During the afternoon of 7 March 2021 a series of four explosions happened at a barracks in the Nkoantoma district of Bata, the largest city and commercial capital of Equatorial Guinea in Central Africa. At least 108 people died and more than 615 others were wounded.

President Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo said the explosion happened because of stored explosives on the base.

Bata, Equatorial Guinea

Bata () is a port city in the Litoral province of Equatorial Guinea. It is the largest city in Equatorial Guinea. It lies on the Atlantic Ocean coast of Río Muni. Bata was the capital of Equatorial Guinea.

Ali Mahdi Muhammad

Ali Mahdi Muhammad (, ) (1 January 1939 – 10 March 2021) was a Somali businessman and politician. He was President of Somalia from 26 January 1991 to 3 January 1997.

On 10 March 2021, Muhammad died in Nairobi, Kenya from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Kenya at the age of 82.

Abdiqasim Salad Hassan

Abdiqasim Salad Hassan (; ; born on January 1, 1941) or Abdiqasim Salad is a Somali politician. He helped found the Transitional National Government. He was President of Somalia from 2000 to 2004.

Katja Behrens

Katja Behrens (born Katja Oswald; 18 December 1942 – 6 March 2021) was a German author and translator.

Behrens was a visiting professor at Washington University in St. Louis and at Dartmouth College.


Huijbergen

Huijbergen is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is located in the municipality of Woensdrecht, about southeast of Bergen op Zoom.

Norm Sherry

Norman Burt Sherry (July 16, 1931 – March 8, 2021) was an American catcher, manager, and coach who played five seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played for the Los Angeles Dodgers and New York Mets from 1959 to 1963.

Sherry died on March 8, 2021, at an assisted living facility in San Juan Capistrano, California at the age of 89.


San Juan Capistrano, California

San Juan Capistrano (; ; ) is a city in Orange County, California, United States. At the 2020 census, 35,196 people lived here.

Richard Driehaus

Richard Herman Driehaus (; July, 28 1942 – March 9, 2021) was an American fund manager, businessman and philanthropist. He was the founder, chief investment officer, and chairman of Driehaus Capital Management LLC, based in Chicago. He was born in Chicago. He donated money to DePaul University and they named their business school after him.

Driehaus died on March 9, 2021 in Chicago at the age of 78.

Henryk Rozmiarek

Henryk Rozmiarek (13 January 1949 – 10 March 2021) was a Polish handball player. He competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.

In 1972 he was a member of the Polish team which finished tenth. Four years later he won the bronze medal with the Polish team.


Joe Tait

Joseph Tait (May 15, 1937 – March 10, 2021) was an American sports broadcaster. He was the play-by-play announcer on radio for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and both TV and radio for the Cleveland Indians of Major League Baseball. He was the Cavaliers' radio announcer from the team's inception in 1970 through the 2010-11 season. 

He won the Basketball Hall of Fame 2010 Curt Gowdy Media Award.

Lafayette Township, Medina County, Ohio

Lafayette Township is one of the seventeen townships of Medina County, Ohio, United States. At the 2020 census, 6,056 people lived in the township.

Mahmud Us Samad Chowdhury

Mahmud Us Samad Chowdhury (মাহমুদ উস সামাদ চৌধুরী) (3 January 1955 – 11 March 2021) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was a member of the Bangladesh Awami League. In 2014, Chowdhury was elected to the Jatiya Sangsad. He was born in Dhaka.

Chowdhury died on 11 March 2021 from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Bangladesh in Dhaka, aged 66.

No Mercy, No Future

No Mercy, No Future () is a 1981 German drama movie directed by Helma Sanders-Brahms and starring Elisabeth Stepanek, Erika Dannhoff, Jorge Reis, Curt Curtini, Hasan Hasan.


Stars and Stripes Forever (movie)

Stars and Stripes Forever is a 1952 American biographical movie directed by Henry Koster and was based on the autobiographical novel by John Philip Sousa. It stars Clifton Webb, Debra Paget, Robert Wagner, Ruth Hessey, Roy Roberts, Finlay Currie, Lester Matthews and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Strato of Lampsacus

Strato of Lampsascus ~335 to ~269 was the third head of the Lyceum. He became head after the death of Theophrastus.

Although Aristotle and Theophrastus are better known, Strato was closer to modern thinking. He had a naturalistic view of the world. Like the atomists (Leucippus and Democritus), Strato was a materialist. He believed that everything in the universe was made of matter and energy. He was one of the first philosophers to have a secular worldview. Cicero said "he liberates God from a big job and me from fear".

Sao Vicente tree frog

The Sao Vicente tree frog ("Dendropsophus limai") is a frog that lives in South America. Scientists have only seen it in São Paulo, Brazil.

2020–21 FC Bayern Munich season

The 2020–21 season was the 122nd season in the existence of FC Bayern Munich and the club's 56th consecutive season in the top flight of German football. In addition to the domestic league, Bayern Munich participated in this season's editions of the DFB-Pokal, the DFL-Supercup, the UEFA Champions League, the UEFA Super Cup, and the FIFA Club World Cup. The season covered the period from 24 August 2020 to 30 June 2021.

The league fixtures were announced on 7 August 2020.

The group stage draw was held on 1 October 2020.

The draw for the round of 16 was held on 14 December 2020.

The draw for the quarter-finals was held on 19 March 2021.

! colspan=18 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers 

! colspan=18 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders 

! colspan=18 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders 

! colspan=18 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards 

! colspan=18 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season 

2019–20 Bundesliga

The 2019–20 Bundesliga was the 57th season of the German Bundesliga. It was played between August 19, 2020 and June 27, 2020. This is due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Germany.

A total of 18 teams participated in the 2019–20 edition of the Bundesliga.

Following a victory against VfB Stuttgart on away goals in the relegation/promotion play-offs, Union Berlin were promoted to the Bundesliga for the first time in their history, becoming the 56th club to feature in the Bundesliga, and the first from the former East Berlin.

"All times are CEST ()."

<section begin=Details />

"2–2 on aggregate. Werder Bremen won on away goals, and therefore both clubs remained in their respective leagues."


Kelly Flynn

Kelly Flynn (October 4, 1954 – March 3, 2021) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the Montana House of Representatives from 2011 to 2019. Kelly was born in Townsend, Montana.

Flynn died of kidney and lung cancer on March 3, 2021, in Helena, Montana at age 66.

David Alaba

David Olatukunbo Alaba (born 24 June 1992) is an Austrian defender who plays currently for Real Madrid and the Austria national football team.

Jan Willem Kelder

Jan Willem Kelder (31 May 1949 – 7 March 2021) was a Dutch officer in the Royal Netherlands Navy. Between 2005 and 2007, he was as a vice admiral, commander of the Royal Netherlands Navy. Kelder was born in Semarang, Indonesia.

Kelder died on 7 March 2021 from a short-illness in The Hague, aged 71.

2020–21 Bundesliga

The 2020–21 Bundesliga was the 58th season of the German Bundesliga. It began on September 18, 2020, and ended on May 22, 2021. Bayern Munich are now the defending champions of the Fußball-Bundesliga of this season. 

A total of 18 teams will participate in the 2020–21 edition of the Bundesliga.

"All times are CEST ()."

<section begin=Details />

"1. FC Köln won 5–2 on aggregate, and therefore both clubs remained in their respective leagues."


Jack Welborn

Jack Welborn (December 20, 1932 – March 7, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from 1973 to 1974 and in the Michigan Senate from 1975 to 1982 and from 1985 to 1994. He was born in Kalamazoo, Michigan.

Welborn died of kidney failure on March 7, 2021, in Kalamazoo at age 88.

Petar Fajfrić

Petar Fajfrić (; 15 February 1942 – 11 March 2021) was a Serbian handball coach and player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1972 Summer Olympics, winning the gold medal.

He also participated in two World Championships (1970 and 1974), bringing home a bronze medal.

Norman J. Warren

Norman John Warren (25 June 1942 – 11 March 2021) was an English movie director. He was best known for directing 1970s horror movies such as "Satan's Slave" (1976), "Prey" (1977) and "Terror" (1978). Warren was also known for sex comedies such as "Outer Touch". He was born in London.

Warren died on 11 March 2021, aged 78.

India Summer

India Summer (born April 26, 1975) is an American pornographic actress and nude model. She is thought to be the most productive female performer in the US pornography industry, starring in more than 1000 adult scenes.

Summer has appeared in small roles in the television series "Reno 911!", "Sons of Anarchy", and "Dexter". She also had a role on the Showtime cable series "Girls of Sunset Place" as Marina Haze. She also appeared in "National Lampoon"'s 2007 movie "Homo Erectus".

Marcella LeBeau

Marcella Ryan LeBeau (October 12, 1919 – November 21, 2021) (also known as Marcella Le Beau and Wignuke Waste’ Win) was a Lakota elder, politician, nurse, and military veteran. 

Marcella LeBeau was born in Dewey County, South Dakota on the Cheyenne River Indian Reservation. 

In 1943, she enlisted in the United States Army Nurse Corps to serve in World War II.

LeBeau worked for the Indian Health Service (IHS). LeBeau served as director of nursing at the IHS facility in Eagle Butte, South Dakota. She worked for IHS for 31 years before retiring.

In 1991, she was elected to the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribal Council.

LeBeau died on November 21, 2021, at the age of 102.

Eagle Butte, South Dakota

Eagle Butte is a city in Dewey and Ziebach counties in South Dakota, United States. 1,258 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Dupree, South Dakota

Dupree is a city in and county seat of Ziebach County, South Dakota, United States. 494 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Amber Midthunder

Amber Midthunder (born April 26, 1997) is an American actress. She is known for her series regular roles in the FX series "Legion", and The CW series "Roswell, New Mexico". She also appeared in "Longmire" and "Banshee".

Iago Aspas

Iago Aspas Juncal (; born 1 August 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer. He currently plays as a striker for RC Celta de Vigo and the Spain national team.

 (Spain score listed first, score column indicates score after each Aspas goal)

JA21

JA21 (full name: "Juiste Antwoord 21" - "Right Answer 21") is a political party in the Netherlands.

JA21 is a conservative liberal party and was established on 18 December 2020 by Joost Eerdmans and Annabel Nanninga. Political leader is also Joost Eerdmans. It is a split-off from Forum for Democracy (FVD). JA21 wants less European Union, less immigration, more law and order, more opportunities for private enterprises, and more attention to the Dutch culture.

Eight FVD senators (the so-called Group Nanninga) and three FVD MEPs switched to JA21. 

Number of seats in the 2021 elections: 3 (/).


Benjamin Pavard

Benjamin Jacques Marcel Pavard (born 28 March 1996) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defender for Serie A club Inter Milan and the France national team.

VfB Stuttgart

Bayern Munich

France

Individual

Orders

British Honduras

British Honduras was a British Crown colony on the east coast of Central America, south of Mexico, from 1749 to 1964, then a self-governing colony, renamed Belize in June 1973, until September 1981, when it gained full independence as Belize.

Niklas Süle

Niklas Süle (born 3 September 1995) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Bayern Munich and Germany national football team.

Maubeuge

Maubeuge (historical Dutch: "Mabuse" or Dutch: "Malbode") is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Alphonso Davies

Alphonso Boyle Davies (born November 2, 2000) is a Canadian professional footballer who plays as a left-back or winger for Bayern Munich and the Canadian national team. He has also played for Vancouver Whitecaps FC of the Major League Soccer (MLS) from 2016 until 2018.

During a 2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup match against French Guiana, he scored two goals. In doing this, he became the youngest player to score for the Canada. He also became the youngest player to score in the CONCACAF Gold Cup, and was the first player that was born in the 2000s to have scored at a top international tournament. He won the CONCACAF Men's Player of the Year in 2021 and 2022. Davies played for Canada at the 2022 FIFA World Cup. He scored the first ever goal for Canada at a FIFA World Cup event in a 4-1 loss to Croatia.

Davies is an ambassador for United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.

Serge Gnabry

Serge David Gnabry (born 14 July 1995) is a German professional footballer who plays as a winger for Bayern Munich and the Germany national football team. 

Bayern Munich

Germany Olympic

Germany U21

Individual


Iraqw language

Iraqw is a Cushitic language spoken in Tanzania in the Arusha and Manyara Regions. More and more people speak it because the Iraqw people are absorbing neighbouring ethnic groups. The language has many Datooga loanwords, especially in poetic language. The Gorowa language to the south shares numerous similarities and is sometimes considered a dialect.

Douglas Costa

Douglas Costa de Souza (born 14 September 1990) is a Brazilian professional footballer who most recently played as a winger for Major League Soccer club LA Galaxy.

Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting

Jean-Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting (born 23 March 1989) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Bayern Munich and the Cameroon national team.

Corentin Tolisso

Corentin Tolisso (born 3 August 1994) is a French professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Ligue 1 club Lyon.

Kingsley Coman

Kingsley Junior Coman (born 13 June 1996) is a French professional footballer who plays as a winger for Bayern Munich and the France national team.

Lucas Hernandez

Lucas François Bernard Hernandez (born 14 February 1996) is a French professional footballer who plays as a left back or centre back for Paris Saint-Germain and the France national team.

Atlético Madrid

Bayern Munich

France

Individual

Orders

Galavisión

Galavisión is a United States-based, Spanish-language pay television network owned by Univision Communications, Inc. The network is unrelated to the Galavisión (Mexico) earlier Mexican channel of the same name, though both broadcast Televisa produced programming.

2018–19 UEFA Nations League

The 2018–19 UEFA Nations League was the inaugural season of the UEFA Nations League.

Alexander Nübel

Alexander Nübel (born 30 September 1996) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for VfB Stuttgart.

Bayern Munich

Jamal Musiala

Jamal Musiala (born 26 February 2003) is a German footballer. He plays as an attacking midfielder for Bayern Munich.

Musiala was born in Germany to a British-Nigerian father and German mother and was raised mainly in England. Musiala represented both Germany and England at youth level, and chose Germany national football team for future games in February 2021.

Bayern Munich

Individual

Bouna Sarr

Bouna Junior Sarr (born 31 January 1992) is a Senegalese-French professional footballer who plays for Bayern Munich.

Marc Roca (footballer)

Marc Roca Junqué (born 26 November 1996) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for FC Bayern Munich as a central midfielder.

Tanguy Nianzou

Tanguy-Austin Nianzou Kouassi (born 7 June 2002) is a French professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Bayern Munich.

Ron-Thorben Hoffmann

Ron-Thorben Hoffmann (born 4 April 1999) is a German professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for 2. Bundesliga club Eintracht Braunschweig.

Bayern Munich

Sunderland

Community (ecology)

In ecology, a community is the living things in a place. It may mean a group of living things that are not dependent on other communities. It may mean a small group, such as the living things in a piece of dead wood. Populations of many species make up a community. A community with its physical and chemical environment makes an ecosystem. Each population may have an effect on other populations in the community in different ways (called symbiosis).

In consumption, one living thing eats another. Three kinds of consumption are predation, herbivory, and parasitism. In predation, one animal, the predator, kills and eats another animal, the prey. In herbivory, an animal called an herbivore eats a plant, either in part or in whole. In parasitism, a parasite lives on another living thing, the host. The parasite eats small parts of tissue or nutrients from the host, but usually does not kill it.

In competition, two living things, from the same or different species, both need the same resources. If one species is better at getting the resources, the population of the other species may die out. Competition may have a negative effect on both species. In mutualism, two species both help each other, so they have a positive effect on each other. In commensalism, one species is helped, but it has no effect on the other species.


2020–21 Ligue 1

The 2020–21 Ligue 1 season, also known as Ligue 1 Uber Eats for sponsorship reasons, is a French association football tournament within Ligue 1. It is the 83rd season since its establishment. The season started on 21 August 2020 and is scheduled to end on 23 May 2021. The league fixtures were announced on 9 July 2020. 

Lorient and Lens were promoted from the 2019–20 Ligue 2. After the French court had initially ruled that the season would proceed with 22 teams, the relegation of Amiens and Toulouse to the 2020–21 Ligue 2 was confirmed on 23 June 2020, following a vote by the LFP.

Following the discontinuation of the Coupe de la Ligue at the end of 2019–20, its European qualification place was given to the team finishing fifth in Ligue 1. 

The table lists the positions of teams after each week of matches. In order to preserve chronological evolvements, any postponed matches are not included to the round at which they were originally scheduled, but added to the full round they were played immediately afterwards.

 Ismaël Traoré for Angers against Dijon



Don't Hug Me I'm Scared

Don't Hug Me I'm Scared is a British surrealist musical black comedy psychological horror web and television series created by filmmakers Becky Sloan and Joseph Pelling. The series consists of six episodes, released from from 29 July 2011 to 19 June 2016, through the artists' websites, YouTube and Vimeo. The series combines segments in live action, puppetry, traditional animation, flash animation, clay animation, stop motion, and computer animation. 

Each episodes starts like a typical children's series, consisting of anthropomorphic puppets akin to those featured in Sesame Street and other popular children's televison series. The series parodies and satirizes these TV programmes by contrasting this childlike, colourful envircreaonment and its inhabitants against disturbing themes; each episode features a surreal plot twist in the climax, including psychedelic content and imagery involving graphic violence, dark humour, shock value, and existentialism and psychological horror. The six episodes explore and discuss the subjects of creativity, time, love, technology, diet, and dreams.


The creators, Sloan and Pelling, met at a university where they started a collective known as "THIS IS IT". After producing the series' first episode with no budget, they thought of making it into a series, but later decided not to after creating the first episode.

However, it gained popularity, and so, they started a fundraising campaign on Kickstarter to make new episodes. YouTuber Thomas Ridgewell then joined the series after donating.

Uber Eats

Uber Eats is an American online food ordering and delivery platform launched by Uber in 2014 and based in San Francisco, California.

Escape to Victory

Escape to Victory, also known as Victory, is a 1981 British American Italian World War II action movie directed by John Huston and was based on the 1961 Hungarian movie "Two Half Times in Hell". It stars Sylvester Stallone, Michael Caine, Pelé, Bobby Moore, Osvaldo Ardiles, Max von Sydow, Kevin O'Callaghan, Søren Lindsted, Clive Merrison, Michael Cochrane, Zoltán Gera, Tim Pigott-Smith, Maurice Roëves and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Waikhomia hira

Waikhomia hira is a freshwater fish species found mainly in the Western Ghats of the Indian subcontinent. 

The genus ""Waikhomia"" is named after the Manipuri taxonomist, Waikhom Vishwanath, of Manipur University. The specific name ""hira"" means "diamond".

Treehouse of Horror XVI

"Treehouse of Horror XVI" is the 4th episode of "The Simpsons" 17th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on November 6, 2005. It is the 16th episode of the "Treehouse of Horror" series. The episode was written by Marc Wilmore. David Silverman is the director of the episode. Terry Bradshaw and Dennis Rodman are guest stars in the episode. 

The episode has three stores: "B.I. Bartificial Intelligence", "Survival of the Fattest", and "I've Grown a Costume on Your Face". In the first story, Bart Simpson is put in a coma and the Simpson family gets a robot as a son. In the second story, Mr. Burns hunts Homer and his friends. In the third story, a witch makes everyone become their Halloween costumes. About 11.63 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast.


Thangjam Asteroid

Thangjam Asteroid, also known as 11806 Thangjam, is an asteroid, named after the Manipuri scientist, "Thangjam Guneshwar". The declaration was made at an International Astronomical Union (IAU) conference, "Asteroids, Planets and Meteors, 2017", in South America.

The Hawk's Trail

The Hawk's Trail is a 1919 lost American crime serial movie directed by first time director W. S. Van Dyke and starring King Baggot, Grace Darmond, Rhea Mitchell, Fred Windemere, Stanton Heck, George Siegmann.

Nongshaba

Nongshaba or Nongsaba () is a Lion God in Meitei religion (Sanamahism) and mythology. He is also the king of the gods. He made light for the world. He made the sun. He is worshipped by the people of both the Ningthouja clans as well as the Moirang clans. God Nongshaba is worshipped in Moirang as the father of God Thangching (Thangjing).
He is the most powerful and important of the Umang Lais () in Ancient Kangleipak (early Manipur). He made his only son Thangching (Thangjing) the king of Moirang.

The culture of God Nongsaba (Nongshaba) was brought from Moirang, to Meitei King Khagemba (). Two people, Mungyaang Ngairaangba and Yumnaam Tonba, brought the worship of Nongshaba to Moirang.

During the reign of King Khagemba () (r. 1597-1652 AD), worshippers began to think of Nongsaba as the King of the gods. God Nongsaba was recognised as an Umang Lai. The people built a temple.

With this, other Umang Lai gods and goddesses became lower ranking gods and goddesses. During this time, a Meitei family named "Leithangbam" managed the temple of Nongsaba. "Phura" was a group of maibis . They worship God Nongsaba.

During the time of Meitei king Paikhomba (), there was a religious marriage ceremony of princess Yaosombi () and God Nongsaba. In the event, an elephant was offered to the god. From the time of King Khagemba until the time of King Charairongba, God Nongsaba was more popular than God Sanamahi.

During the time of King Garibniwaz (), on the 12th of November 1723, Brahmins (priests of Hinduism) started controlling the temples of Nongsaba (Nongshaba) and Yimthei Lai, Panthoibi and Taibangkhaiba (Sanamahi).

After 1726 AD, the culture of worshipping God Nongsaba did not survive for a long time. His worshipping culture was replaced by the different gods and goddesses of Hinduism.
On 17 October 1732, King Garibniwaz () and his teacher Shantidas Gosai closed the temples of Nongshaba as well as Sanamahi, Yumtheilai, Panthoibi, and other Umang Lais.

According to the Meitei mythology, Kangla Sha is another form of God Nongshaba.

According to the "Nongshaba Laihui" ("Nongsaba Laihui") book, God Nongsaba (Nongshaba) is the second son of the Universal God. He is also known as ""Tholbu Chinglen Nongdai Ningthou"". According to the book, God Nongsaba doesn't have much duty or any big role in the creation of the universe. Unlike his younger brother Pakhangba, Nongsaba did not disturb his elder brother Asheeba (alias Sanamahi). He stayed away from disturbing Asheeba.

Unlike his younger brother Pakhangba, Nongsaba does not have any human children. Unlike his elder brother Sanamahi, Nongsaba does not have any human forms. These are mentioned in the Meitei language books, the Pakhangba Laihui and the Sanamahi Laihui.

The Nongsaba Laihui (Nongshaba Laihui) describes the greatness of God Nongsaba (Nongshaba) as follows:
The "Nongsaba Laihui" book also says about God Nongsaba (Nongshaba) as follows:

The book says that all the Umang Lai gods and goddesses (including Sanamahi) are junior of God Nongsaba (Nongshaba).

According to Dr. Saroj Nalini Arambam Parratt, the second lines of the Meitei poem "Anoirol" mentions many sky deities. In the song, Nongshaba is said to be the god of the sky of Moirang. This song is sung in the Lai Haraoba, .

People who worship Nongshaba give him white clothes, fruit, flowers, white fish (preferably "Sareng" ()) and other clothes. These are the same types of gifts that people offer to Pakhangba and Yumjao Lairembi (Yumjao Leima).

In early times, God Nongshaba was worshipped along with Pakhangba, in the "Naoshumshang" (). The God gives long life to the Meitei kings.

In "Khoibaching", Manipur, a round shaped stone is worshipped as God Nongshaba. The holy place is protected by the kings. It was worshipped by the kings only. It is 6 cubits deep.

According to Meitei culture, the "Phura" is a group of the maibis . They take care of the temples of God Nongshaba.

In Meitei cultural clothes, the design of the "Ningkham" and the "Samjin" shows God Nongshaba.
The "Samjin" shows the head of God Nongshaba. The "Ningkham" shows the tail of God Nongshaba.
The head of God Nongshaba is similar to that of the unicorn. It is shown in the "head cloth". It is shown by the curved decorated stick raising up at its top.
The two ears of God Nongshaba are shown by the fan like clothes on the two sides of the head cloth.
The beard of God Nongshaba is shown by the long and narrow line of a decorative cloth. That cloth is hung loosely on the chest.
The designed body of God Nongshaba is shown by the Khamen Chatpa cloth.
The tail of God Nongshaba is shown by the "Ningkham" on the belt worn round the waist.

Meitei kings built many temples for Meitei gods and goddesses in Bangladesh. Among many, there is also a temple of God Nongshaba. In the Manipuri Rajbari in Lama Bazar of Bangladesh, the temple of God Nongshaba was built along with the temples of God Pakhangba and Goddess Yumjao Lairembi. Its architecture is similar to that of Goddess Yumjao Lairembi. The Temple's front door faces South. It is square in shape. It covers an area of 2.40 sq. meters.

On the 15th of December 2015 in Imphal, "Nongsaba" (magazine) was published under the aim "Journalism for change". It is about the social, political, economic, educational, cultural, scientific topics.



Hurrem Sultan

Hurrem Sultan (), also known as Roxelana (1502/10/27 - 15 April 1558), was one of the most popular Slavic women. She was important both for Ottoman Empire and Slavic nations. She was taken by the Tatars and was brought as a gift to Suleiman the Magnificent, Sultan of the Ottoman Empire. Then she became part of his harem and later his wife. Her real name and place of birth are unknown. Polish state her name was Alexandra, but in Ukrainian literature she is presented as Anastasia.

People say different things about her personality. Some think she was patriotic and did a lot for her nation. Others are sure she was mean and selfish.

Roxelana was born in Rohatyn located in western Ukraine. 

According to Samuel Tvardovskyi's poem "The Great Embassy" (written between 1621 and 1623, published in 1633), she was the daughter of an Orthodox priest from Rohatyn (his last name - Lisovskyi- appeared later in artistic works).
According to the version of the Polish poet Mauritsius Goslavskyi, Roksolana comes from the town of Chemerivtsi (Khmelnytskyi region in Ukraine).

During the reign of Selim I (between the 1510s to 1520), Crimean Tatars took her during one of their Crimean–Nogai slave raids in Eastern Europe. In Istanbul, she was chosen as a gift for Suleiman. Later Hurrem became a favorite of Suleiman in the Ottoman imperial harem.

Hurrem was described as a attractive woman, who was different from everybody else because of her red hair. She also was intelligent and had a pleasant personality. She loved poetry very much. It is considered it was one of the reasons why Suleiman liked her more. He also admired reading poems.

Hurrem was also known for being generous. She built a lot of religious, cultural and resting places for pilgrims travelling to the Islamic city of Mecca. Her greatest charity work was the Great Wall of Jerusalem, a large soup kitchen that fed the poor.

Critics also state that Hurrem was a selfish, manipulative and angry woman who would kill anyone who stood in her way. Even despite her charity, many people still believe she was not kind.

Pavlo Zahrebelnyi described Hurrem as ""an intelligent, kind, understanding, openhearted, candid, talented, generous, emotional and grateful woman who cares about the soul rather than the body; in short, a perfect woman"".

She had 6 children with Suleiman — 5 sons and a daughter, Mihrimah.


Typhoon Nina (1975)

Typhoon Nina was a Western Pacific tropical cyclone. The storm developed in late July 1975 and lasted until early August. 

The typhoon struck Taiwan first. Upon doing so, the winds of Nina were 115 miles an hour. That meant Nina was a Category 3 typhoon. The storm later struck eastern China.

In Taiwan and China put together, Nina caused the deaths of more than 229,000 people. Damage was more than $1 billion.

The storm was a strong Category 4 typhoon when it struck China.

Flatliners

Flatliners is a 1990 American science fiction horror thriller movie directed by Joel Schumacher and starring Kiefer Sutherland, Kevin Bacon, Julia Roberts, William Baldwin, Oliver Platt, Kimberley Scott, Hope Davis. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1991. It was remade in 2017.


Nokia 6700 classic

Nokia 6700 (also names is Nokia 6700 classic) is a mobile phone that was developed by Nokia's Corporation and announced in January 2009. The Nokia 6700 is based on Nokia 6300 but was the first release for Nokia Nseries and Eseries. The Nokia 6700 classic was released to the public on January 7, 2009.

The Nokia 6700 was first released by Nokia Corporation in Los Angeles County, California on December 4, 2008. It was based on the Nokia 6300 in Nokia Nseries and Eseries, like Nokia Tablet Congress until 2006. On December 23, 2008, Nokia announced the Nokia 6700, which was released on January 7, 2009.

In February 2009, the Nokia 6700 was showcased at the Mobile World Congress, and in March 2009, the unlock feature was added by TMM Technical on March 25, 2009.


2020–21 Paris Saint-Germain F.C. season

The 2020–21 season is the 48th season in the existence of Paris Saint-Germain F.C.

The league fixtures were announced on 9 July 2020.

The group stage draw was held on 1 October 2020. 

The draw for the round of 16 was held on 14 December 2020.
The draw for the quarter-finals was held on 19 March 2021.

The draw for the semi-finals was held on 19 March 2021, after the quarter-final draw.

! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Goalkeepers

! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Defenders

! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Midfielders

! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Forwards

! colspan="16" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Players transferred out during the season

Holstein Kiel

Holstein Kiel is a German football team and sports club based in the city of Kiel, Schleswig-Holstein.

2020–21 UEFA Champions League

The 2020–21 UEFA Champions League is the 66th season of the UEFA Champions League.

The final will be played at the Atatürk Olympic Stadium in Istanbul, Turkey. The stadium was originally suppose to host the 2020 UEFA Champions League Final, but this was moved due to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020. However, UEFA is moved to Portgual. The winners of the 2020–21 UEFA Champions League will automatically qualify for the 2021–22 UEFA Champions League group stage, and will also play against the winners of the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League in the 2021 UEFA Super Cup. They will also qualify for the 2021 FIFA Club World Cup in Japan.

Bayern Munich are holding the current title, but was eliminated in the quarter-finals by Paris Saint-Germain. Paris Saint-Germain was the opponent whom Bayern Munich defeated in the previous final.

A total of 79 teams from 54 of the 55 UEFA member associations participate in the 2020–21 UEFA Champions League (the exception being Liechtenstein, which does not organise a domestic league). The association ranking based on the UEFA country coefficients is used to determine the number of participating teams for each association:


The following is the access list for this season.

Changes were made to the default access list since the Champions League title holders, Bayern Munich, and the Europa League title holders, Sevilla, which were guaranteed berths in the Champions League group stage, already qualified for the Champions League group stage via their domestic leagues. However, as a result of schedule delays to both the 2019–20 and 2020–21 European seasons due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2020–21 European season started before the conclusion of the 2019–20 European season. Therefore, the changes to the access list that should be made based on the Champions League and Europa League title holders could not be certain until matches of the earlier qualifying rounds had been played and/or their draws had been made. UEFA used "adaptive re-balancing" to change the access list once the berths for the Champions League and Europa League title holders were determined, and rounds which had already been drawn or played by the time the title holders were determined would not be impacted (Regulations Article 3.04). The following changes were made:


In early April 2020, UEFA announced that due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe, the deadline for entering the tournament had been postponed until further notice. UEFA also sent a letter to all member associations that domestic leagues must be completed in full without ending prematurely in order to qualify for European competitions. After meeting with the 55 UEFA associations on 21 April 2020, UEFA strongly recommended them to finish domestic top league and cup competitions, although in some special cases where it is not possible, UEFA would develop guidelines concerning participation in its club competitions in case of a cancelled league or cup. After the UEFA Executive Committee meeting on 23 April 2020, UEFA announced that if a domestic competition is prematurely terminated for legitimate reasons in accordance with conditions related to public health or economic problems, the national associations concerned are required to select their participating teams for the 2020–21 UEFA club competitions based on sporting merit in the 2019–20 domestic competitions, and UEFA reserves the right to refuse their admission if UEFA deems the termination of the competitions not legitimate, or the selection procedure not objective, transparent and non-discriminatory, or the team is perceived by the public as qualifying unfairly. A suspended domestic competition may also be restarted with a different format from the original one in a manner which would still facilitate qualification on sporting merit. All leagues should communicate to UEFA by 25 May 2020 whether they intend to restart their competitions, but this deadline was later extended. On 17 June 2020, UEFA announced that associations must enter their teams by 3 August 2020.

The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round:


The second qualifying round, third qualifying round and play-off round are divided into Champions Path (CH) and League Path (LP).

Notes

The schedule of the competition is as follows (all draws are held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland unless otherwise stated). The tournament would originally have started in June 2020, but had been delayed to August due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe. The new schedule was announced by the UEFA Executive Committee on 17 June 2020. All qualifying matches, excluding the play-off round, were played as single leg matches, hosted by one of the teams decided by draw (except the preliminary round which was played at neutral venue).

The group stage draw was originally to be held at the Stavros Niarchos Foundation Cultural Center in Athens, Greece, but UEFA announced on 9 September 2020 that it would be relocated to Nyon, but it was eventually held at nearby Geneva.

The original schedule of the competition, as planned before the pandemic, was as follows (all draws held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland, unless stated otherwise).

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe, the following special rules are applicable to the competition:


On 24 September 2020, UEFA announced that five substitutions would be permitted from the group stage onward, with a sixth allowed in extra time. However, each team is only given three opportunities to make substitutions during matches, with a fourth opportunity in extra time, excluding substitutions made at half-time, before the start of extra time and at half-time in extra time. Consequently, a maximum of twelve players can be listed on the substitute bench.

All qualifying matches were played behind closed doors. Following the partial return of fans at the 2020 UEFA Super Cup, UEFA announced on 1 October 2020 that matches from the group stage onward could be played at 30% capacity if allowed by the local authorities.

The draw for the first qualifying round was held on 9 August 2020, 12:00 CEST. The matches were played on 18 and 19 August 2020. The match between KÍ and Slovan Bratislava was cancelled due to Slovan Bratislava players being put into quarantine after one player had tested positive for coronavirus, and KÍ were awarded a technical 3–0 win.

<section end=Q1 />

The draw for the second qualifying round was held on 10 August 2020, 12:00 CEST. The matches were played on 25 and 26 August 2020.

From the ten losers of Champions Path, two teams, Tirana and Ludogorets Razgrad, determined by a draw held on 31 August 2020 after the Europa League second qualifying round draw,entered the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League play-off round (Champions Path), while the other eight teams entered the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League third qualifying round (Champions Path). The losers of League Path entered the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League third qualifying round (Main Path).

The losers of Champions Path entered the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League play-off round (Champions Path). The losers of League Path entered the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League group stage.

The losers of both Champions Path and League Path entered the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League group stage.

A total of 32 teams play in the group stage, from 15 countries: 26 teams which entered in this stage, and the six winners of the play-off round (four from Champions Path, two from League Path).

The draw for the group stage was held on 1 October 2020, 17:00 CEST, at the RTS Studios in Geneva, Switzerland. The 32 teams were drawn into eight groups of four, with the restriction that teams from the same association could not be drawn against each other. For the draw, the teams were seeded into four pots based on the following principles (introduced starting 2015–16 season):


In each group, teams play against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format. The group winners and runners-up advance to the round of 16, while the third-placed teams enter the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League round of 32. The matchdays are 20–21 October, 27–28 October, 3–4 November, 24–25 November, 1–2 December and 8–9 December 2020.

The youth teams of the clubs that qualify for the group stage also participate in the 2020–21 UEFA Youth League, along with the youth domestic champions of the top 32 associations, in a single leg knockout tournament.

İstanbul Başakşehir, Krasnodar, Midtjylland and Rennes made their debut appearances in the group stage. With İstanbul Başakşehir's appearance in the group stage, Istanbul became the first city that has been represented in the group stage by four different teams (had been previously represented by Beşiktaş, Fenerbahçe and Galatasaray). This season became the first in the history of the Champions League in which three Russian clubs will play in the group stage.

In the knockout phase, teams played against each other over two legs on a home-and-away basis, except for the one-match final.

Statistics exclude qualifying rounds and play-off round.

The UEFA technical study group selected the following 23 players as the squad of the tournament.



Dendropsophus leucophyllatus

The white-leaf tree frog, clown tree frog or Beireis's tree frog ("Dendropsophus leucophyllatus") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Surinam, Guyana, Peru, Colombia, Ecuador, Bolivia and French Guiana. Scientists have seen it as high as 400 meters above sea level. Scientists think it might also leave nearby in Venezuela.

Poubi Lai

"Poubi Lai" also known as "Paubi Loi", was an ancient dragon python, who dwelled in the Loktak Lake of Manipur, in Meitei mythology and folklore. It is also refered to as ""Loch Ness Monster of Manipur"".

In the Loktak lake, the spirit of Poubi Lai was awakened by the fishing activities of the fishermen of Moirang. Being angered, Poubi Lai destroyed many human habitats and killed many people. It decided to destroy the whole Moirang kingdom. He threatened the King of Ancient Moirang to offer him one Shangbai (basket) of rice and one human everyday. The circumstance was sorrowful for the people of Moirang. Every household had to provide the offer turn by turn. When it was the turn of a young man, the lad seeked help from "Kabui Salang Maiba" (or ""Kabui Tomba""). The maiba was a shaman priest king of Kabui tribe in the Salangthel hill range of the Loktak lake. He promised to save the kingdom from the gigantic evil creature. He transformed a Tou plant ("an aquatic plant") (or a "Khok Waa" bamboo plant in another version) into a powerful ""Long"" (a 9 pointed javelin). Later, the maiba slayed Poubi Lai with the deadly weapon.

In 2002, Karam Dineshwar, an artisan had a dream. In his dream, Poubi Lai asked him to craft its image. In the next day, he came across a big tree root at Leimatak. He completed making the 21 feet long wooden sculpture of Poubi Lai in the next 6 months.

The artwork of Poubi Lai was first exhibited in the Manipur State Museum, Manipur in 2002. Next, it was exhibited in the National Museum, New Delhi and later in the Quai Branly Museum, Paris, France in 2010. It was also received by the Indian Museum, Kolkata, the largest in India.

In 2015, the National Museum, New Delhi organized an exhibition of the wooden sculpture of Poubi Lai for 42 days. The carving belongs to the permanent collection of the Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahlaya (IGRMS), Bhopal. The object was declared as an "Object of National Importance". It was registered under "AA" Category of the Museum Collections.

During the exhibition at Bhopal, 25 artists of Centre for Youth and Cultural Activities from Imphal, performed a dance drama on the story of Poubi Lai.


Powder blue

Powder blue is a pale shade of blue. It is a darker shade of alice blue. It is similar to azure. Similar to most colors, powder blue does not have a defined hue or saturation. In the 1650s, powder blue was powdered smalt (cobalt glass). It was used in laundering and dyeing. It came to be used as a color name from 1894.

Palatinate (colour)

Palatinate or palatinate purple is a purple color associated with Durham University and the City of Durham.


The Bonfire of the Manatees

"The Bonfire of the Manatees" is the first episode of "The Simpsons" 17th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on September 11, 2005. The episode was written by Dan Greaney. Mark Kirkland is the director of the episode. In the episode, Homer Simpson gets in debt with Fat Tony and must let some people make a pornographic movie in his house. Marge and a marine biologist try to keep manatees safe from jet skis.

Alec Baldwin is a guest star as Dr. Thorn (the marine biologist). The episode's story was one of the ideas for the story of "The Simpsons Movie". Al Jean wanted the movie to be about the Simpson family saving manatees. The idea was made into this episode instead. About 11.1 milion people watched the episode when it was first broadcast. The episode shows the Denver Broncos winning the Super Bowl over the Seattle Seahawks. The teams later played at Super Bowl XLVIII, but the Seahawks won the real game.


Thomas Tuchel

Thomas Tuchel (; born 29 August 1973) is a German professional football coach and former player who is currently the head coach of Bayern Munich.

Borussia Dortmund

Paris Saint-Germain

Chelsea

Individual


Parc des Princes

The Parc des Princes ("Princes’ Park" in English) is an all-seater football stadium in Paris, France.

2020–21 UEFA Champions League knockout phase

The 2020–21 UEFA Champions League knockout phase began on 16 February with the round of 16 and will end on 29 May 2021 with the final at the Atatürk Olympic Stadium in Istanbul, Turkey, to decide the champions of the 2020–21 UEFA Champions League. A total of 16 teams compete in the knockout phase.

Times are CET/CEST, as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).

The knockout phase involves the 16 teams which qualify as winners and runners-up of each of the eight groups in the group stage. <section begin="Qualified" teams="" />

<section end="Qualified" teams="" />

Each tie in the knockout phase, apart from the final, is played over two legs, with each team playing one leg at home. The team that scores more goals on aggregate over the two legs advances to the next round. If the aggregate score is level, the away goals rule is applied, i.e. the team that scores more goals away from home over the two legs advances. If away goals are also equal, then extra time is played. The away goals rule is again applied after extra time, i.e. if there are goals scored during extra time and the aggregate score is still level, the visiting team advances by virtue of more away goals scored. If no goals are scored during extra time, the winners are decided by a penalty shoot-out. In the final, which is played as a single match, if the score is level at the end of normal time, extra time is played, followed by a penalty shoot-out if the score is still level. <section begin="Format" /> The mechanism of the draws for each round is as follows:


For the quarter-finals and semi-finals, teams from the same city are not scheduled to play at home on the same day or on consecutive days, due to logistics and crowd control. To avoid such scheduling conflict, if the two teams are drawn to play at home for the same leg, the order of legs of the tie involving the team with the lower domestic ranking in the qualifying season is reversed from the original draw.

The schedule is as follows (all draws are held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland).
<section begin="Bracket" />
<section end="Bracket" />

The draw for the round of 16 was held on 14 December 2020, 12:00 CET.

<section begin=R16 />
The first legs were played on 16, 17, 23 and 24 February, and the second legs were played on 9, 10, 16 and 17 March 2021.

"Manchester City won 4–0 on aggregate."
"Bayern Munich won 6–2 on aggregate."
"Chelsea won 3–0 on aggregate."

"Liverpool won 4–0 on aggregate."

"4–4 on aggregate. Porto won on away goals."

"Paris Saint-Germain won 5–2 on aggregate."

"Borussia Dortmund won 5–4 on aggregate."
"Real Madrid won 4–1 on aggregate."

<section begin=QF />
The draw for the quarter-finals was held on 19 March 2021, 12:00 CET.<section end=QF />

<section begin=QF />
The first legs were played on 6 and 7 April, and the second legs were played on 13 and 14 April 2021.

"Manchester City won 4–2 on aggregate."

"Chelsea won 2–1 on aggregate."

"3–3 on aggregate. Paris Saint-Germain won on away goals."

"Real Madrid won 3–1 on aggregate."

<section begin=SF />
The draw for the semi-finals was held on 19 March 2021, 12:00 CET, after the quarter-final draw.<section end=SF />

<section begin=SF />
The first legs were played on 27 and 28 April, and the second legs were played on 4 and 5 May 2021.

"Manchester City won 4–1 on aggregate."

"Chelsea won 3–1 on aggregate."

<section begin=F />
The final will be played on 29 May 2021 at the Estádio do Dragão in Porto. A draw was held on 19 March 2021, after the quarter-final and semi-final draws, to determine the "home" team for administrative purposes.
<section end=F />

2020–21 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round

The 2020–21 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round began on 8 August and ended on 30 September 2020.

A total of 53 teams competed in the qualifying system of the 2020–21 UEFA Champions League, which includes the qualifying phase and the play-off round, with 43 teams in Champions Path and 10 teams in League Path. The six winners in the play-off round (four from Champions Path, two from League Path) advanced to the group stage, to join the 26 teams that enter in the group stage.

Times are CEST (), as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).

The Champions Path includes all league champions which do not qualify directly for the group stage, and consists of the following rounds:

All teams eliminated from the Champions Path enter the Europa League:

Below are the participating teams of the Champions Path (with their 2020 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their starting rounds.

The League Path includes all league non-champions which do not qualify directly for the group stage, and consists of the following rounds:

All teams eliminated from the League Path enter the Europa League:

Below are the participating teams of the League Path (with their 2020 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their starting rounds.

In a change to the format as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe, each tie prior to the play-off round is played as a single-legged match hosted by one of the teams decided by draw, except for the preliminary round which is played at neutral venue. If scores are level at the end of normal time, extra time is played, followed by a penalty shoot-out if the scores remain tied.

The play-off round ties are played over two legs, with each team playing one leg at home. The team that scores more goals on aggregate over the two legs advances to the next round. If the aggregate score is level, the away goals rule is applied, i.e. the team that scores more goals away from home over the two legs advances. If away goals are also equal, then extra time is played. The away goals rule is again applied after extra time, i.e. if there are goals scored during extra time and the aggregate score is still level, the visiting team advances by virtue of more away goals scored. If no goals are scored during extra time, the tie is decided by a penalty shoot-out.

In each draw, teams are seeded based on their 2020 UEFA club coefficients. For any team whose club coefficients are not final at the time of a draw, their club coefficients at that time, taking into account of all 2019–20 UEFA Champions League and Europa League matches played up to that point, are used (Regulations Article 13.03). Teams are divided into seeded and unseeded pots containing the same number of teams, and a seeded team is drawn against an unseeded team. For each tie, a draw is made between the two teams, and the first team drawn is the home team in single-legged matches (or the administrative "home" team in preliminary round matches), or home team of the first leg in play-off round two-legged ties. If the identity of the winners of the previous round is not known at the time of the draws, the seeding is carried out under the assumption that the team with the higher coefficient of an undecided tie advances to this round, which means if the team with the lower coefficient is to advance, it simply takes the seeding of its opponent. Teams from associations with political conflicts as decided by UEFA may not be drawn into the same tie. Prior to the draws, UEFA may form "groups" in accordance with the principles set by the Club Competitions Committee and based on geographical, logistical and political reasons, and they are purely for convenience of the draw and do not resemble any real groupings in the sense of the competition.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe, all qualifying matches are played behind closed doors. The following special rules are applicable to the qualifying phase and play-offs:


Four countries (Poland, Hungary, Greece and Cyprus) have provided neutral venue hubs which allow matches to be played at their stadiums without restrictions.

The schedule of the competition is as follows (all draws are held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland). The tournament would originally have started in June 2020, but had been delayed to August due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe. The new schedule was announced by the UEFA Executive Committee on 17 June 2020.

The original schedule of the competition, as planned before the pandemic, was as follows (all draws held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland, unless stated otherwise).
<section begin=PR />
The draw for the preliminary round was held on 17 July 2020, 12:00 CEST.<section end=PR />

A total of four teams played in the preliminary round. As the draw was held before the UEFA entry deadline and the participating teams were not yet confirmed, only the associations of the teams were used, and seeding of teams was based on their association coefficients instead of their club coefficients. For the semi-final round, two teams (from associations 52 and 53, Northern Ireland and Kosovo) were seeded and two teams (from associations 54 and 55, Andorra and San Marino) were unseeded. The first team drawn in each tie in the semi-final round and the final round would be the administrative "home" team.

<section begin=PR />
The semi-finals were played on 8 August at the Colovray Stadium in Nyon, Switzerland. The final was due to be played at the same venue on 11 August but the match was cancelled due to Drita players being put into quarantine after two players had tested positive for SARS-2 coronavirus, and Linfield were awarded a technical 3–0 win.

<section end=PR />

<section begin=Q1 />
The draw for the first qualifying round was held on 9 August 2020, 12:00 CEST.<section end=Q1 />

A total of 34 teams played in the first qualifying round: 33 teams which entered in this round, and 1 winner of the preliminary round. Seeding of teams was based on their 2020 UEFA club coefficients. For the winner of the preliminary round, whose identity was not known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team was used. The first team drawn in each tie would be the home team.

<section begin=Q1 />
The matches were played on 18 and 19 August 2020. The match between KÍ and Slovan Bratislava was cancelled due to Slovan Bratislava players being put into quarantine after one player had tested positive for SARS-2 coronavirus, and KÍ were awarded a technical 3–0 win.

<section end=Q1 />

<section begin=Q2 />
The draw for the second qualifying round was held on 10 August 2020, 12:00 CEST.<section end=Q2 />

A total of 26 teams played in the second qualifying round. They were divided into two paths:
Seeding of teams was based on their 2020 UEFA club coefficients. For the winners of the first qualifying round, whose identity was not known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team in each tie was used. The first team drawn in each tie would be the home team.

<section begin=Q2 />
The matches were played on 25 and 26 August 2020.

<section begin=Q3 />
The draw for the third qualifying round was held on 31 August 2020, 12:00 CEST.<section end=Q3 />

A total of 16 teams played in the third qualifying round. They were divided into two paths:
Seeding of teams was based on their 2020 UEFA club coefficients. The first team drawn in each tie would be the home team.


<section begin=Q3 />
The matches were played on 15 and 16 September 2020.

<section begin=PO />
The draw for the play-off round was held on 1 September 2020, 12:00 CEST.<section end=PO />

A total of 12 teams played in the play-off round. They were divided into two paths:
Seeding of teams was based on their 2020 UEFA club coefficients. For the winners of the third qualifying round, whose identity was not known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team in each tie was used. The first team drawn in each tie would be the home team of the first leg.

Since Russian and Ukrainian teams may not be drawn into the same tie for political reasons, the winners of the match involving Benfica had to play Krasnodar, and the winners of the match involving Dynamo Kyiv had to play the winners of the match involving Gent.


<section begin=PO />
The first legs were played on 22 and 23 September, and the second legs were played on 29 and 30 September 2020.

"Midtjylland won 4–1 on aggregate."

"Red Bull Salzburg won 5–2 on aggregate."

"Olympiacos won 2–0 on aggregate."

"3–3 on aggregate. Ferencváros won on away goals."

"Krasnodar won 4–2 on aggregate."

"Dynamo Kyiv won 5–1 on aggregate."


2021–22 UEFA Champions League

The 2021–22 UEFA Champions League was the 67th season of Europe's premier club football tournament organised by UEFA.

Real Madrid defeated Liverpool 1–0 in the final, which was played at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis, France, for a record-extending 14th title, and their fifth in nine years. It was originally scheduled to be played at the Allianz Arena in Munich, Germany. However, due to the postponement and relocation of the 2020 final, the final hosts were moved back a year, with Saint Petersburg scheduled to host the 2022 final. Due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the final was eventually moved to Saint-Denis. As the winners, Real Madrid automatically qualified for the 2022–23 UEFA Champions League group stage, and also earned the right to play against the winners of the 2021–22 UEFA Europa League, Eintracht Frankfurt, in the 2022 UEFA Super Cup. Additionally, the winners typically qualify for the annual FIFA Club World Cup. However, the tournament's status remains uncertain, following FIFA's proposal for a format improvement. Chelsea were the defending champions, but were eliminated in the quarter-finals by Real Madrid.

This season was the first since 1999–2000 (the first season after the end of the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup) where three major European club competitions (UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League, and the newly created UEFA Europa Conference League) are organised by UEFA. No changes were made to the format of the Champions League, but teams that were eliminated from the preliminary round and first qualifying round of the Champions League were now transferred to the Europa Conference League instead of the Europa League.

On 24 June 2021, UEFA approved the proposal to remove the away goals rule in all UEFA club competitions, which had been used since 1965. If in a two-legged tie two teams scored the same number of aggregate goals, the winner of the tie would not be decided by the number of away goals scored by each team but always by 30 minutes of extra time, and if the two teams scored the same amount of goals in extra time, the winner would be decided by a penalty shoot-out.

A total of 80 teams from 54 of the 55 UEFA member associations participated in the 2021–22 UEFA Champions League (the exception being Liechtenstein, which did not organise a domestic league). The association ranking based on the UEFA association coefficients was used to determine the number of participating teams for each association:

For the 2021–22 UEFA Champions League, the associations were allocated places according to their 2020 UEFA association coefficients, which took into account their performance in European competitions from 2015–16 to 2019–20.

Apart from the allocation based on the association coefficients, associations could have additional teams participating in the Champions League, as noted below:

The following is the access list for this season. As the Champions League title holders, Chelsea, which were guaranteed a berth in the Champions League group stage, already qualified via their domestic league (as fourth place in the 2020-21 Premier League), the following changes to the access list were made:

The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round:

The second qualifying round, third qualifying round and play-off round were divided into Champions Path (CH) and League Path (LP).

"CC: 2021 UEFA club coefficients."
Notes

All matches were played on Tuesdays and Wednesdays apart from the preliminary round final, which was played on a Friday, and the final, which was played on a Saturday. The third qualifying round second legs were only played on a Tuesday due to the 2021 UEFA Super Cup on the following Wednesday. Scheduled kick-off times starting from the play-off round were 18:45 (instead of 18:55 previously) and 21:00 CEST/CET.

All draws were held at UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland, except the group stage draw, which took place in Istanbul, Turkey, on 26 August 2021.

The draw for the group stage was held in Istanbul, Turkey, on 26 August 2021. The 32 teams were drawn into eight groups of four. For the draw, the teams were seeded into four pots, each of eight teams, based on the following principles:
Teams from the same association, and due to political reasons, teams from Ukraine and Russia, could not be drawn into the same group. Before the draw, UEFA formed pairings of teams from the same association (one pairing for associations with two or three teams, two pairings for associations with four or five teams) based on television audiences, where one team was drawn into Groups A–D and another team was drawn into Groups E–H, so that the two teams would play on different days.

The matches were played on 14–15 September, 28–29 September, 19–20 October, 2–3 November, 23–24 November, and 7–9 December 2021. The top two teams of each group advanced to the round of 16. The third-placed teams were transferred to the Europa League knockout round play-offs, while the fourth-placed teams were eliminated from European competitions for the season.

Sheriff Tiraspol made their debut appearance in the group stage. They were the first team from Moldova to play in the Champions League group stage.
In the knockout phase, teams played against each other over two legs on a home-and-away basis, except for the one-match final.

Statistics exclude qualifying rounds and play-off round.

Plan Challe

Plan Challe or Challe Plan was a French military operation during the Algerian War. General Maurice Challe had the idea for the Challe Plan. It lasted from 6 February 1959 - 6 April 1961.

In Plan Challe, the French Army attacked the FLN fighters. The French sent reserve units and conscript units to defend places in which they would not have to be moblie such as to protect roads. That way, regular French army units could perform search and destroy missions in the mountains, where guerrilla fighters were hiding. The army used helicopters to move special mobile units composed of elite troops such as Foreign Legionnaires, paratroopers, marines, special commandos units, and air mobile regulars. The elite forces never exceeded more than 20,000 soldiers.

Plan Challe was a series of sweeps into places in which the French army knew guerrilla fighters were hiding. By taking regular troops away from defence, Challe broke down large formations into small units, many of which had both French soldiers and Algerian soldiers in them. The groups of soldiers could move quickly so that the guerrillas had to fight them in rough country.

"The highly sophisticated operational and tactical scenario was virtually the same. Utilizing primarily air-gathered intelligence and without warning, the elite units and the air force move at tremendous speed onto enemy territory. The strike usually takes place at dawn. First, the target area is bombed out of existence and showered with cluster bombs from fighter jets and bombers. Within few minutes, the paratroopers land in the heart of the insurgent territory with close air support provided by armed helicopters. The elite force engages immediately the insurgents while fighters, bombers, armed helicopters patrolled the battle space and strafe or bomb any insurgents leaving the area. Additional troops are brought in by helicopters to close the immediate net around the insurgents. A larger contingent of regular troops and Commandos de chasse (hunter class troops) are convoyed to several spots around the battle space to ambush and pursue the survivors. The aircraft are relieved when the area is under control by the elite troops and when the regular contingent is in place. The command and control post (Joint Operations Command) is always shared by Air Force and Army commanders. The operation is dismantled at sundown and the elite troops are withdrawn leaving the local (secteur) regular troop to finish the job and keep the area clean. It was devastating to the FLN, in terms of lives and moral."

Plan Challe was a clear military victory for France. The FLN had only around 5,000 soldiers left because many of them had fled from Algeria to nearby countries like Morocco and Tunisia, where the FLN leadership was based. The fighters that did not flee Algeria were forced into hiding because the French military presence was overwhelming.

Plan Challe helped France to win the Algerian War militarily and led to Charles de Gaulle on 29 June 1961 announcing on live television that fighting in Algeria was virtually over. The military side of the conflict in Algeria had almost ended, but the political side of the conflict would continue.

2020–21 UEFA Champions League group stage

The 2020–21 UEFA Champions League group stage began on 20 October 2020 and ended on 9 December 2020.

The draw was held at the RTS Studios in Geneva, Switzerland on 1 October 2020 at 17:00 CEST.

On each matchday, one set of four groups played their matches on Tuesday, while the other set of four groups played their matches on Wednesday. With the two sets of groups alternating between each matchday. The fixtures were decided after the draw. Using a computer draw not shown to public, with the following match sequence.
Below were the participating teams (with their 2020 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their seeding pot. They include:


Notes

The matchdays were 20–21 October, 27–28 October, 3–4 November, 24–25 November, 1–2 December, and 8–9 December 2020. The scheduled kickoff times were 21:00 CET/CEST, with two matches on each Tuesday and Wednesday scheduled for 18:55 CET/CEST.

Times were CET/CEST, as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).


Texarkana Arkansas School District

Texarkana Arkansas School District No. 7 (TASD7) is a school district in Texarkana, Arkansas, and currently has 7 schools. (1 high school, 2 middle schools, and 4 elementary schools)

Arkansas High School (9 - 12)

Arkansas Middle School (6 - 8)

Fairview Elementary School (1 - 5)

Trice Elementary School (1 - 5)

Kilpatrick Elementary School (1 - 5)

Union Elementary School (1 - 5)

Official Website

Vitebskiy Kurier

Vitebskiy Kurier () is a Russian language newspaper from Vitebsk, Belarus.

The government has been making troubles for Vitebskiy Kurier all the time.

It has been writing about the 2020 Belarusian protests and 2020 Belarusian presidential election. Its website can't be opened in Belarus for that reason since August 2020. In January 2022, the Vitebskiy Kurier Internet pages were banned as "extremist"..


Priests Ćira and Spira

Priests Ćira and Spira () is a 1957 Serbian romantic comedy movie directed by Soja Jovanović and was based on the 1894 novel "Pop Ćira i pop Spira" by Stevan Sremac. It stars Dara Čalenić, Ljubinnka Bobić, Nevenka Mikulić, Renata Ulmanski, Slobodan Perović.

Blue Picardy Spaniel

The Blue Picardy Spaniel (or Épagneul Bleu de Picardie in French) is a medium size gundog of the type called Spaniels. This breed was developed in France around the start of the 20th century.

The colour of this dog is always a grey and black specked colour that looks like it is really blue.

The Blue Picardy Spaniel is usually a happy dog that is gentle with children and gets along well with other dogs. The love their work as hunters but also love to play. They need planty of exercise.

Although this dog originated in France, it is now more popular as a hunting dog in Canada.

Allein

Allein is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Julius Randle

Julius Deion Randle (born November 29, 1994) is an American basketball player for the New York Knicks. He played for the Los Angeles Lakers in 2015. He attended University of Kentucky and played for the Wildcats for one year.

He currently plays for the New York Knicks at power forward/center positions.

Battlefield 4

Battlefield 4 is a video game. It is part of the "Battlefield" series. It is on Xbox, Playstation and PC.

The game has a story part and a multiplayer part. The story part is a first-person shooter game.

In the story, which takes about six hours, the player is part of Tombstone Squad. The squad is sent to China to help specific people escape the country. Actor Michael K. Williams performed the voices of one of the characters. By playing the story part, the player earns new weapons and other things to use in the multiplayer part.

In the multiplayer part, different players play against each other, up to 64 at a time.

2020–21 UEFA Europa League knockout phase

The 2020–21 UEFA Europa League knockout phase began on 18 February with the round of 32 and will end on 26 May 2021.

The knockout phase involves 32 teams: the 24 teams which qualified as winners and runners-up of each of the 12 groups in the group stage, and the eight third-placed teams from the Champions League group stage.

Each tie in the knockout phase, apart from the final, is played over two legs, with each team playing one leg at home. The team that scores more goals on aggregate over the two legs advances to the next round. If the aggregate score is level, the away goals rule is applied, i.e. the team that scores more goals away from home over the two legs advances. If away goals are also equal, then extra time is played. The away goals rule is again applied after extra time, i.e. if there are goals scored during extra time and the aggregate score is still level, the visiting team advances by virtue of more away goals scored. If no goals are scored during extra time, the winners are decided by a penalty shoot-out. In the final, which is played as a single match, if the score is level at the end of normal time, extra time is played, followed by a penalty shoot-out if the score is still level. <section begin="Format" /> The mechanism of the draws for each round is as follows:


In the knockout phase, teams from the same or nearby cities (e.g., Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur) are not scheduled to play at home on the same day, due to logistics and crowd control. To avoid such scheduling conflict, adjustments have to be made by UEFA. For the round of 32, since both teams were drawn to play at home for the second leg, the home match of the team which were not domestic cup champions in the qualifying season, or the team with the lower domestic ranking (if neither team were the domestic cup champions, e.g. Tottenham Hotspur for this season), were moved from Thursday to a different day. For the round of 16, quarter-finals and semi-finals, if the two teams were drawn to play at home for the same leg, the order of legs of the tie involving the team which were not domestic cup champions in the qualifying season, or the team with the lower domestic ranking, will be reversed from the original draw.

The schedule is as follows (all draws are held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland).
<section begin="R32" /> The draw for the round of 32 was held on 14 December 2020, 13:00 CET.<section end="R32" />

<section begin="R32" /> The first legs were played on 18 February, and the second legs were played on 24 and 25 February 2021.

"Tottenham Hotspur won 8–1 on aggregate."

"Dynamo Kyiv won 2–1 on aggregate."

"Manchester United won 4–0 on aggregate."

"Arsenal won 4–3 on aggregate."

"3–3 on aggregate. Milan won on away goals."

"Rangers won 9–5 on aggregate."

"Slavia Prague won 2–0 on aggregate."

"Villarreal won 4–1 on aggregate."

"Roma won 5–1 on aggregate."

"Dinamo Zagreb won 4–2 on aggregate."

"Young Boys won 6–3 on aggregate."

"Molde won 5–3 on aggregate."

"Granada won 3–2 on aggregate."

"Shakhtar Donetsk won 3–0 on aggregate."

"Ajax won 4–2 on aggregate."

"Olympiacos won 5–4 on aggregate."

<section begin="R16" /> The draw for the round of 16 was held on 26 February 2021, 13:00 CET.<section end="R16" />

<section begin="R16" /> The first legs were played on 11 March, and the second legs will be played on 18 March 2021.

Notes<section end="R16" />

<section begin="QF" /> The draw for the quarter-finals will be held on 19 March 2021, 13:00 CET. The first legs will be played on 8 April, and the second legs will be played on 15 April 2021.<section end="QF" />

<section begin="SF" /> The draw for the semi-finals will be held on 19 March 2021, 13:00 CET, after the quarter-final draw. The first legs will be played on 29 April, and the second legs will be played on 6 May 2021.<section end="SF" />

<section begin="F" />The final will be played on 26 May 2021 at the Stadion Miejski in Gdańsk. A draw will be held on 19 March 2021, after the quarter-final and semi-final draws, to determine the "home" team for administrative purposes.<section end="F" />

Petit-Auverné

Petit-Auverné is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Antey-Saint-André

Antey-Saint-André is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Arnad

Arnad is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Yassine Ben Gamra

Yassine Ben Gamra ( ; born on January 30, 1985 in Tunis ) is a Tunisian actor, model, television presenter and producer. 

He began his career in 2005, playing the role of Selima's fiancé as a guest of honor of episodes 8, 9 and 24 in the television series Café Jalloul. In 2006, he took his first job as a television presenter on the Jetset show on Hannibal TV. He played the character of Elyes Abd El Hak in the series Destiny for five seasons, from 2008 to 2014, and the character of Badr Ben Saleh in Sons of Moufida, also for five seasons between 2015 and 2020.

In 2012, he played the role of Bahan in Farouk Omar, a historical-dramatic television series by MBC 1. The series was based on the life of Umar, the second caliph of Islam. The same year, he played the role of Matthias in Mary of Nazareth. He also played the role of Gaio in the movie Sant Barbara.

In 2018, he played Kheireddine Pasha on the soap opera Tej El Hadhra . The same year, he completed a training course in the United States to learn animation of a game show. In 2019, he appeared in Kingdoms of Fire r. In 2020, Ben Gamra hosted and produced the program L'Arena on El Hiwar El Tounsi.

He got married on January 7, 2017.


Arvier

Arvier is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Avise

Avise is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

El Djem

El Djem or El Jem ( Arabic: , "") is a town in Mahdia Governorate, Tunisia. Its population was 21,576 during the 2014 census. It is home to some of the most impressive Roman remains in Africa, particularly the world-famous "Amphitheater of El Jem".

Boys (1996 movie)

Boys is a 1996 American romantic mystery drama movie directed by Stacy Cochran and was based on the short story "Twenty Minutes" by James Salter. It stars Winona Ryder, Lukas Haas, John C. Reilly, James LeGros, Skeet Ulrich, Matt Malloy, Chris Cooper, Bill Sage and was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.

2021 UEFA Super Cup

The 2021 UEFA Super Cup will be the 46th season of the UEFA Super Cup. It will be played between the winners of the 2020–21 UEFA Champions League, and the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League winners. It will be played at Windsor Park in Belfast, Northern Ireland.

The Champions League winners will be designated as the "home" team for administrative purposes.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


2020 UEFA Super Cup

The 2020 UEFA Super Cup was the 45th edition of the UEFA Super Cup. The match featured Bayern Munich, the winners of the 2019–20 UEFA Champions League, and Sevilla, the winners of the 2019–20 UEFA Europa League. It was played at the Puskás Aréna in Budapest, Hungary on 24 September 2020.

The match was originally scheduled to be played at the Estádio do Dragão in Porto, Portugal, on 12 August 2020; however, after the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe caused the schedule to change of the previous season's club finals. The UEFA Executive Committee chose to award the rescheduled Champions League final to Portugal, and postponed and relocated the Super Cup to Budapest.

Bayern Munich won the match 2–1 after extra time to secure their second UEFA Super Cup title.

The Estádio do Dragão was scheduled to stage its first ever UEFA Super Cup match.

This was the first UEFA club competition final hosted at the Puskás Aréna and the second for Budapest and Hungary.

An open bidding process was launched on 8 December 2017 by UEFA to select the venue of the UEFA Super Cup in 2020. Associations had until 12 January 2018 to express interest, and bid dossiers had to be submitted by 29 March 2018. Associations hosting matches at UEFA Euro 2020 were not allowed to bid for the 2020 UEFA Super Cup.

The UEFA Executive Committee relocated the match to Puskás Aréna in Budapest at their meeting on 17 June 2020.

Tickets were on sale for the general public until 9 September 2020. Moreover, 3,000 tickets were available for the supporters of each team. In total, 15,500 tickets were sold. Strict hygiene measures, including social distancing and wearing of face masks when social distancing could not be respected, were in place during the match. Ticket holders from overseas had to present proof of a negative SARS-CoV-2 PCR test performed within three days of entry, and had to leave the country within 72 hours after their entry.

Despite Hungarian government insisting that the match would be safe to attend, there was opposition to the decision to have spectators. Hungarian politician Ildikó Borbély called the game an "unacceptable experiment", while Minister President of Bavaria Markus Söder urged Bayern fans not to travel, fearing that the match could turn into a "hotbed for COVID-19 to spread". Hungarian Medical Chamber advisor, epidemiologist András Csilek, stated that the Chamber also considered it wrong, saying that it "carries unnecessary risk adding" and "shouldn't be allowed".

On 15 September 2020, UEFA named English official Anthony Taylor as the referee for the match. Taylor had been a FIFA referee since 2013, and previously worked as one of the additional assistant referees in the 2014 UEFA Super Cup, 2015 UEFA Europa League Final, 2016 UEFA Champions League Final and UEFA Euro 2016 Final. He was joined by his fellow countrymen, with Gary Beswick and Adam Nunn as assistant referees, Stuart Attwell as the video assistant referee (VAR) and Paul Tierney as the assistant VAR. Israeli referee Orel Grinfeld served as the fourth official.

Sevilla were awarded a penalty after 13 minutes when Ivan Rakitić was blocked and bundled over in the penalty area by David Alaba. Lucas Ocampos scored the penalty shooting to the left corner to put Sevilla ahead. Leon Goretzka made it 1–1 in the 34th minute, with a side foot finish to the left corner of the net after a take down assist from Robert Lewandowski. The game went into extra time, with substitute Javi Martínez getting the winner for Bayern in the 104th minute with a powerful header to the top left corner of the net when the ball fell to him, after Sevilla goalkeeper Yassine Bounou had punched the ball back into play.

The Champions League winners was designated as the "home" team for administrative purposes.<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


Tusse

Tousin Michael Chiza (born 1 January 2002), better known as Tusse, is a Congolese-Swedish singer. He was in "Talang 2018", the Swedish version of the "Got Talent" series. He represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2021.

Umang Lai sacred groves

The sacred groves dedicated to the Umang Lais () are mainly found scattered in the plains of the Indian state of Manipur. Due to rapid urbanization, the condition of the groves are becoming worse. So, massive social campaigns are in progress to preserve the religious protected areas of the flora in the state.

2020–21 FC Barcelona season

The 2020–21 season is the 121st season in the existence of FC Barcelona. This season covers the period from 15 August 2020 to 30 June 2021.



"Undisclosed fees are not included in the transfer totals."

Expenditure

Summer: €124,000,000

Winter: €0,000,000

Total: €124,000,000
Income

Summer: €137,000,000

Winter: €0,000,000

Total: €137,000,000
Net totals

Summer: €13,000,000

Winter: €000,000

Total: €13,000,000

Last updated: 10 March 2021
Source: Soccerway

Updated to match(es) played on 12 March 2021. Source: La Liga

Rules for classification: 1) Points; 2) Head-to-head points; 3) Head-to-head goal difference; 4) Goal difference; 5) Goals scored; 6) Fair-play points (Note: Head-to-head record is used only after all the matches between the teams in question have been played)

The league fixtures were announced on 31 August 2020.

The draw was held on 17 December 2020.

The group stage draw was held on 1 October 2020.

The draw for the round of 16 was held on 14 December 2020.

National conservatism

National conservatism is a form of conservatism that promotes nationalist policies like protectionism, anti-multiculturalism and restricted immigration.

Ayas, Aosta Valley

Ayas is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Aymavilles

Aymavilles is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Bard, Aosta Valley

Bard is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Bionaz

Bionaz is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Brissogne

Brissogne is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Brusson, Aosta Valley

Brusson is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Pomezia

Pomezia is an Italian city in Lazio. It has about 60,000 people.

Castelnuovo di Farfa

Castelnuovo di Farfa is a "comune" in the Province of Rieti in the Italian region of Lazio.

Torre del Greco

Torre del Greco is an Italian city in Campania. It has about 85,000 people live there.

The Adjuster

The Adjuster is a 1991 Canadian drama movie directed by Atom Egoyan and starring Elias Koteas, Arsinée Khanjian, Maury Chaykin, Gabrielle Rose, Jennifer Dale, David Hemblen, Jacqueline Samuda, Gerard Parkes. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Brea, California

Brea is a city in Orange County, California. At the 2020 census, 47,325 people lived here.

Vice and Virtue

Vice and Virtue (original French title: Le Vice et la Vertu) is a 1963 French Italian World War II movie directed by Roger Vadim and starring Annie Girardot, Robert Hossein, Catherine Deneuve, Philippe Lemaire, Luciana Paluzzi, Valeria Ciangottini, Jean-Daniel Simon.

Aghione

Aghione is a commune in the Haute-Corse department.

The D343, D443 and D443A roads pass through the commune.

Spring of Joy

Spring of Joy () is a 1993 Swedish Danish Norwegian Finnish drama movie directed by Richard Hobert and starring Sven Lindberg, Göran Stangertz, Camilla Lundén, Helena Brodin, Gunvor Pontén, Margreth Weivers, Pierre Lindstedt.

Nokia 3310 (2017)

"This is about the 2017 Nokia 3310. For the original, see Nokia 3310"

Nokia 3310 (2017) is a smartphone that is a remodel of the Nokia 3310. It is also known as the Nokia 3310 (2017 Edition). It was announced on February 26, 2017, in the Mobile World Congress at Barcelona as the Nokia 3310 2017 Edition, debuting as a 2G smartphone. Nokia released the 3G model on October 29, 2017.

On February 14, 2017, it was reported that a newer version of the 3310 would be released at the 2017 Mobile World Congress that is held in Barcelona by HMD Global Oy, a Finnish manufacturer which made Nokia phones. The price was set to be 59 euros. On the 26th, the phone was relaunched at 49 euros.

The first release of the phone only came with 2G support, which led to issues, especially as countries like the United States, Australia and Singapore were in the process of phasing out their 2G networks. A new version of the phone with support for 3G networks was later announced by HMD, and released on 29 October 2017.

The 3310 has things like an FM radio, the Opera Mini web browser, a voice recorder, and a 2-megapixel camera with flash for photos and video recording. The flash LED is also the phone's flashlight. Some models have Bluetooth 3.0 and a dual-SIM tray. The display has a polarized layer for outdoor use.

The original "Snake" game has been replaced by Gameloft's "Snake Xenzia" with updated modes and graphics. It is also possible to sideload Java-based applications using the .jad and .jar format. Available apps are browsers, games, internet radios, etc.

The design of the phone is very similar to the Nokia 3310. It comes in two glossy colors, red and yellow, as well as two matte colors similar to the original Nokia 3310: dark blue and grey.

The 3G model has many differences apart from the 3G radio. The internal storage has been increased from 16 megabytes to 128 megabytes, and there are some cosmetic changes, including a new silver keypad. It comes in four new colors: yellow, "warm" red, azure and charcoal, all matte. The phone's size has slightly increased to make typing on the keypad easier. The radio has reduced battery talk time, but slightly increased standby time. All 3310 3G versions support Bluetooth 2.1.

The 3310 3G also runs a Java-based operating system that HMD calls "Smart Feature OS". Its appearance is similar to the Series 30+ as on the 2G version, but has a new customizable interface. However, only sim-slot 1 is 3G compatible, the slot 2 is still only 2G capable.

A 4G version was released in January 2018 in China in a partnership with China Mobile. It runs AliOS, a fork of Android, and can create Wi-Fi hotspots using the LTE data connection. Internal storage has been increased to 512 megabytes, and 64 gigabyte memory cards are now supported.

HMD announced on 2 July 2017 that the 3310 received great demand and was as a result sold out in many markets. UK retailer Carphone Warehouse said on 10 March that demand was "astonishing".

The new 3310 received mixed reviews. CNET praised the phone's battery life, price, and durability, but "Techradar" and "The Guardian" said the device doesn't have many features that modern smartphones users are used to. Most reviewers liked the nostalgia of playing the iconic Snake game.

Some counterfeit versions of the phone have been produced due to the model's popularity.


Pierric

Pierric is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Le Pin, Loire-Atlantique

Le Pin is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Piriac-sur-Mer

Piriac-sur-Mer is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

La Plaine-sur-Mer

La Plaine-sur-Mer is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

La Planche

La Planche is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Plessé

Plessé is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Pontchâteau

Pontchâteau is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Pont-Saint-Martin, Loire-Atlantique

Pont-Saint-Martin is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Pornic

Pornic is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Pornichet

Pornichet is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

FC Milsami Orhei

FC Milsami Orhei is a Moldovan football club based in Orhei which plays in the Divizia Națională.


Peter Hitchens

Peter Jonathan Hitchens (born 28 October 1951) is an English journalist and author. Hitchens writes for "The Mail on Sunday". He has wrtitten for "The Spectator, The American Conservative", "The Guardian", "First Things", "Prospect", and the "New Statesman". 

He dislikes the modern UK Conservative Party and has been against many of their policies, such as their handling of the COVID-19 pandemic. Hitchens has written many books, including "The Abolition of Britain", "The Rage Against God", and "The War We Never Fought".
Wabash Avenue (movie)

Wabash Avenue is a 1950 American musical movie directed by Henry Koster and starring Betty Grable, Victor Mature, Phil Harris, Reginald Gardiner, James Barton, Barry Kelley, Margaret Hamilton, Jacqueline Dalya, Robin Raymond, Hal K. Dawson, Dorothy Neumann, Alexander Pope, Henry Kulky, Marie Bryant, Collette Lyons, George Beranger. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1951. It was a remake of the 1943 movie "Coney Island".


Tiffany Blue

Tiffany Blue is a light robin egg blue color associated with Tiffany & Co., the New York City jewelry company created by Charles Tiffany and John Young in 1837.


Japanese violet

Japanese violet is a medium dark tone of Violet (color)


Port-Saint-Père

Port-Saint-Père is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Pouillé-les-Côteaux

Pouillé-les-Côteaux is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Le Pouliguen

Le Pouliguen is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Préfailles

Préfailles is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Prinquiau

Prinquiau is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Puceul

Puceul is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Quilly, Loire-Atlantique

Quilly is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

La Regrippière

La Regrippière is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

La Remaudière

La Remaudière is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Challand-Saint-Anselme

Challand-Saint-Anselme is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Challand-Saint-Victor

Challand-Saint-Victor is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Chambave

Chambave is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

The Star (2017 movie)

The Star is a computer animated movie made by Sony Pictures Animation. It stars the voices of Steven Yeun, Gina Rodriguez, Zachary Levi, Keegan-Michael Key, Kelly Clarkson, Patricia Heaton, Kristin Chenoweth, Tracy Morgan, Tyler Perry, and Oprah Winfrey.


Chamois, Aosta Valley

Chamois is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Champdepraz

Champdepraz is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Champorcher

Champorcher is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Ghost Dog: The Way of the Samurai

Ghost Dog: The Way of the Samurai is a 1999 American French German Japanese crime movie directed by Jim Jarmusch and starring Forest Whitaker, Henry Silva, Cliff Gorman, Tricia Vessey, Richard Portnow, Camille Winbush, Chris Simmons, RZA, Isaach de Bankolé.


Charvensod

Charvensod is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Châtillon, Aosta Valley

Châtillon is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Bourg, Breil-de-Barrel (or Petit-Breil), Gros Breil, Grand Frayan, Petit Frayan, Barma des Antesans, Setoret, Cret de Breil, Baron Gamba, Grange de Barme, Chaméran, Fours, Ventoux, Garin, Pavirola, Sez de Val, La Fournaise, Champlong, Conoz Dessus, Conoz Dessous, La Verdettaz, Murate, Isseuries, Perrianaz, Brusoncles des Gard (or Dessus), Brusoncles des Janin (or Dessous), Chardin, Bren, Boësse, Devies, Promiod, Boettes, Francou, Champlong, Arsine, Sopien, Brenvey, Champ, Chancellier, Chancellier Dessous, Chancellier Dessus, Revard, Pracarrà, Bioure, Salère, La Nouva, Giacomet, Varé, Chenez, Devies, Pointé, Étavé, Chesalet, Toniquet, Assert, Fontanella, Fressoney, Nissod, Travod, Nuarsa, Soletta, Domianaz, Closel Dessous, Closel Dessus, La Tour, Lo Cret, Verlex, Albard, Pissin Dessous, Pissin Dessus, La Sounere, Barmusse, Cretadonaz, Cret Blanc Dessous, Cret Blanc Dessus, Chavod, Merlin, Tour de Grange, Sarmasse, Barmafol, Plantin, Perolles, Soleil, Bretton, Saint-Valentin, Sellotaz, Govergnou, Cillod, Panorama, Remela, Neran, Larianaz, Gléréyaz, La Marca, Grand Prà, Crétaz, Cloîtres, Plan Pissin, Tornafol, Bertina, Gare, Saint-Clair, Piou, Cérouic, Étrop, Étrop Dessus, Pranego, Crétaz Chardon, Pragarin Dessous, Pragarin Dessus, Salé, Salé Dessus, Les Îles, Moriola, Taxard, Ussel, Château d'Ussel, Biolasse Dessous, Biolasse Dessus, Perry, Bellecombe, Mon Ross Dessus, Toule.

Cogne

Cogne is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Crodo

Crodo is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Brioude

Brioude is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.

Avenal, California

Avenal is a city in Kings County, California.

Baldwin, Florida

Baldwin is a town in Florida in the United States.

La Habra Heights, California

La Habra Heights is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Hawaiian Gardens, California

Hawaiian Gardens is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Archduchess Maria Elisabeth of Austria (born 1737)

Maria Elisabeth of Austria (February 5, 1737 - June 7, 1740) was the eldest child of Maria Theresa, and Francis of Lorraine, Maria died in 1140, aged 3, before her mother became Queen of Bohemia and Hungary, she also died before her father became Grand-Duke of Tuscany and Holy Roman Emperor.

Maria Elisabeth of Austria was born February 5, 1737 in Vienna, which was the main residence of the Holy Roman Emperor's. Her parents were Archduchess Maria Theresa of Austria, and Duke Francis of Lorraine, she was the grand-daughter of Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor, and Christine of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel on her mothers side, and the grand-daughter of Leopold, Duke of Lorraine and Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans, on her fathers side. At first Maria Elisabeth was a disappointment to her parents, as she had not been a son, but she quickly became the favorite from her cheerful personality. But Maria Elisabeth's life was short-lived, when she was 3 years old, she fell ill with stomach cramps and vomiting. On June 7, 1740, she died in her fathers arms, her parents wen't on to have 15 more children, her last words were according to her father ""I commend myself, O my God!"" Elisabeth was buried in the Imperial Crypt, were a lot of Archduchess's were buried.

Across the Wide Missouri (movie)

Across the Wide Missouri is a 1951 American western movie directed by William A. Wellman and was based on the 1947 novel of the same name by Bernard DeVoto. It stars Clark Gable, Ricardo Montalbán, John Hodiak, Adolphe Menjou, J. Carrol Naish, Alan Napier, George Chandler, Richard Anderson, James Whitmore, Howard Keel and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Hurricane Lorenzo (2019)

Hurricane Lorenzo was a strong Category 5 Atlantic hurricane. It affected the Azores in the eastern Atlantic Ocean. The storm also affected the United Kingdom and Ireland.

Lorenzo killed more than twenty people.

The hurricane caused $367 million in damage.

2020–21 Real Madrid CF season

The 2020–21 Real Madrid season is the club's 117th season. The season covers the period from 8 August 2020 to 30 June 2021.

The league fixtures were announced on 31 August 2020.

The draw was held on 17 December 2020.

The group stage draw was held on 1 October 2020.
The draw for the Round of 16 was held on 14 December 2020.

The draw for the quarter-finals was held on 19 March 2021.


The Italian Bob

"The Italian Bob" is the 8th episode of "The Simpsons" 17th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on December 11, 2005. The episode was written by John Frink. Mark Kirkland is the director of the episode. The episode is about the Simpson family going to Italy. They learn that Sideshow Bob is the mayor of a town in Italy.

Kelsey Grammer guest stars as Sideshow Bob. Maria Grazia Cucinotta guest stars as Bob's wife, Francesca Terwilliger. About 10.39 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast Grammer was given an Emmy Award in 2006 for being the voice actor of Sideshow Bob in the episode. John Frink got a Writers Guild of America Award for writing the episode.


Drive Girls (2017 video game)

A Doctor's Diary

A Doctor's Diary is a 1937 American drama movie directed by Charles Vidor and starring George Bancroft, Helen Burgess, Ronald Sinclair, Molly Lamont, Sidney Blackmer, Charles Waldron, Frank Puglia, Milburn Stone, Sue Carol. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The Desperadoes

The Desperadoes is a 1943 American western movie directed by Charles Vidor and starring Randolph Scott, Glenn Ford, Claire Trevor, Evelyn Keyes, Edgar Buchanan, Raymond Walburn. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Gintama Ranbu

Gintama Rumble or is an samurai melee action video game, based on anime series of Gintama. Released on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita in 2018.

Bisceglie

Bisceglie is an Italian city on the Adriatic Sea. Bisceglie is in the Apulia Region. It has about 55,000 people.

Canosa di Puglia

Canosa di Puglia is a town and "comune" in the Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani in Apulia, Italy. It has about 29,000 people.

Notorious (1946 movie)

Notorious is a 1946 American romantic thriller movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Cary Grant, Ingrid Bergman, Claude Rains, Leopoldine Konstantin, Louis Calhern, Moroni Olsen, Wally Brown. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1947.


Courmayeur

Courmayeur is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Donnas

Donnas is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Doues

Doues is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Émarèse

Émarèse is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Margherita di Savoia

Margherita di Savoia is a "comune" in the Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani in Apulia, Italy.

Crimes and Misdemeanors

Crimes and Misdemeanors is a 1989 American comedy drama movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and also starring Martin Landau, Alan Alda, Mia Farrow, Anjelica Huston, Jerry Orbach, Caroline Aaron, Sam Waterston, Joanna Gleason, Claire Bloom. It was distributed by Orion Pictures and was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1990.


Minervino Murge

Minervino Murge is a "comune" in the Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani in Apulia, Italy.

San Ferdinando di Puglia

San Ferdinando di Puglia is a "comune" in the Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani in Apulia, Italy.

Spinazzola

Spinazzola is a "comune" in the Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani in Apulia, Italy.

Trinitapoli

Trinitapoli is a "comune" in the Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani in Apulia, Italy.

Mulberry (color)

The color mulberry is a representation of the color of mulberry jam or pie.

The first use of mulberry as a color name in English was in 1776.


Camporeale

Camporeale is a town and "comune" in the Province of Palermo in Sicily, Italy.

Antrona Schieranco

Antrona Schieranco is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

The Yellow Peril: Dr Fu Manchu &amp; The Rise of Chinaphobia

The Yellow Peril: Dr Fu Manchu & The Rise of Chinaphobia is a 2014 non-fiction book by the British educator and writer, Christopher Frayling.

The book examines West’s attitude towards Chinese people over several hundred years. It uses examples such as the popularity of Sax Rohmer's series of Fu Manchu novels, and the films based on them. 

A review of the book in "The Guardian" notes in a sub-heading how "scaremongering clichés about the Chinese have prevailed from Dickens to the present day".

Étroubles

Étroubles is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Fontainemore

Fontainemore is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Fénis

Fénis is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Bisacquino

Bisacquino is a town and "comune" in the Province of Palermo in Sicily, Italy, with about 5,220 inhabitants. It has an area of 64 km², with a population density of 82 inhabitants/km².

Gaby, Aosta Valley

Gaby is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Gignod

Gignod is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

San Giuseppe Jato

San Giuseppe Jato is a "comune" in the Province of Palermo in Sicily, Italy. It has an area of 29 km², with a population density of 288 inhabitants/km².

Gressan

Gressan is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Thumbing one's nose

Thumbing one's nose, also known as cocking a snook, made by putting the thumb on the nose, holding the palm open and perpendicular to the face, and wiggling the remaining fingers 


Remouillé

Remouillé is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Rezé

Rezé is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Riaillé

Riaillé is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

La Roche-Blanche, Loire-Atlantique

La Roche-Blanche is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Rouans

Rouans is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Gavignano, Italy

Gavignano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome in Lazio, Italy.

Ship of Theseus

The ship of Theseus is a question about if you can consider that an object is the same one when you replace parts of it. It is a paradox.

For example, if you have an axe and you replace its handle, it is still the same axe? And if you replace the blade? And if you made another axe with the old handle and blade, the "real" axe is the one that has the replaced elements or the one that has the old ones?

Different people answer this question in different ways.

The name comes from a legend about ancient hero Theseus.

Rivoli, Piedmont

Rivoli is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Anzola d'Ossola

Anzola d'Ossola is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Arizzano

Arizzano is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Arola

Arola is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Crevoladossola

Crevoladossola is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Moncalieri

Moncalieri is an Italian city in Piedmont. It has about 57,000 people.

Aurano

Aurano is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

The Mother We Share

"The Mother We Share" is a 2012 song by the Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches. It is the first single from their first studio album "The Bones of What You Believe" which was released in 2013.

Goias tree frog

The Goias tree frog ("Dendropsophus anataliasiasi") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Gun (Chvrches song)

"Gun" is a 2013 song by the Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches. It is the third single from their first studio album "The Bones of What You Believe" which was released in 2013.

Baveno

Baveno is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Bee, Piedmont

Bee is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Leave a Trace

"Leave a Trace" is a 2015 song by the Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches. It is the first single from their second studio album "Every Open Eye" which was released in 2015.

Rougé

Rougé is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Clearest Blue

"Clearest Blue" is a 2015 song by the Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches. It is the second single from their second studio album "Every Open Eye" which was released in 2015.

Empty Threat

"Empty Threat" is a 2015 song by the Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches. It is the fourth single from their second studio album "Every Open Eye" which was released in 2015.

Warning Call (song)

"Warning Call" is a 2016 song by the Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches. It featured on the extended version of their second studio album ""Every Open Eye" which was released in 2015.

Bury It (song)

"Bury It" is a 2015 song by the Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches. In 2016 Chvrches made a remix with Paramore frontwoman Hayley Williams. The remixed version was the fifth and final single from their second studio album "Every Open Eye" which was released in 2015.

Elham (given name)

Elham (; ) is a unisex name which means "inspiration". Related names include Ilham in Arabic and İlham or İlhami in Turkish. Ellie is used as a shortened form of Elham. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Get Out (Chvrches song)

"Get Out" is a 2018 song by the Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches. It is the first single from their third studio album "Love Is Dead" which was released in 2018.

Ilham

Ilham is both a given name and a surname. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

Given name:


Surname:



Ruffigné

Ruffigné is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Portici

Portici is an Italian city in Campania. It has about 53,000 people.

It is the site of the Portici Royal Palace.

My Enemy (Chvrches song)

"My Enemy" is a 2018 song by the Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches and Matt Berninger. It is the second single from their third studio album "Love Is Dead" which was released in 2018.

Calasca-Castiglione

Calasca-Castiglione is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Borgomezzavalle

Borgomezzavalle is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont. It was created on 1 January 2016 from the former municipalities of Seppiana and Viganella.

Cesara

Cesara is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Intragna, Piedmont

Intragna is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Villette, Piedmont

Villette is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Belgirate

Belgirate is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Khodadad

Khodadad (Persian : خداداد‎) may refer to:


Liver (food)

Liver is a food which humans can eat. It is offal, which means it is not muscle tissue. The flavor might be strong for some people, so it might be slightly over-seasoned.Do not consume too much liver or your feet will start to peel and rot. They will look like you roller bladed without socks for weeks. There is a high probability you might lose your foot and have to enter the war amps program. 

The liver stores vitamin A and other things. Vitamin A is used by the body to make rhodopsin, a molecule which absorbs light. It is needed for low-level vision and colour vision. Vitamin A also plays a key role in gene transcription. It also plays a key role in the immune system.

Once made, vitamin A cannot be broken down by the body, and it is not easily excreted. So it tends to build up in the liver if too much is eaten. Vitamin A is fat-soluble, so getting rid of any excess taken in through diet takes much longer than with water-soluble B vitamins and vitamin C. This allows for toxic levels of vitamin A to build up.

It is not good to eat cooked liver too often. Eating lots of liver, especially from carnivorous animals, will give a person too much vitamin A.

Never Say Die (Chvrches song)

"Never Say Die" is a 2018 song by the Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches. It is the third single from their third studio album "Love Is Dead" which was released in 2018.

Miracle (Chvrches song)

"Miracle" is a 2018 song by the Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches. It is the fourth single from their third studio album "Love Is Dead" which was released in 2018.

Here with Me (Marshmello song)

"Here with Me" is a 2019 song by American producer Marshmello, featuring Scottish band Chvrches.

The Secret of My Success

The Secret of My Success (sometimes stylized as The Secret of My Succe$s) is a 1987 American comedy movie directed by Herbert Ross and starring Michael J. Fox, Helen Slater, Richard Jordan, Margaret Whitton, John Pankow, Fred Gwynne, Gerry Bamman, Drew Snyder, Mercedes Ruehl, Cindy Crawford. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Drentse Patrijshond

The Drentse Patrijshond also Drentsche Patrijshond (in Dutch) is a medium sized spaniel-type gun dog from the Netherlands province of Drenthe. Sometimes they are called the "Dutch Partridge Dog" or "Drent" in English.

These hunting dogs were developed in the Netherlands around the 17th century and they are closely related to the French Spaniel and the German Small Münsterländer hunting dogs.

These dogs will always be mostly white with a lot of brown markings, their ears and a lot of the head will always be brown.

These dogs are usually gentle and happy and good with children and other dogs. They need lots of exercise like many of the other spaniels.

Blackmail (1929 movie)

Blackmail is a 1929 British thriller movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock in his first sound movie and was based on the 1928 play of the same name by Charles Bennett. It stars Anny Ondra, Sara Allgood, Charles Paton, John Longden, Donald Calthrop, Cyril Ritchard.


How to Steal 2 Million

How to Steal 2 Million is a 2011 South African action drama movie directed by Charlie Vundla and starring Menzi Ngubane, John Kani, Hlubi Mboya, Terry Pheto, Rapulana Seiphemo.


Three Loves in Rio

Three Loves in Rio (, ) is a 1959 Brazilian Argentine drama movie directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen and starring Agildo Ribeiro, Fábio Cardoso, Domingo Alzugaray, Jardel Filho, Susana Freyre.

Mlungu dalitsani Malaŵi

"Mlungu dalitsani Malaŵi" (; "O God bless our land of Malawi") is the national anthem of Malawi. It was composed by Michael-Fredrick Paul Sauka, who also wrote the words. It was adopted in 1964 as a result of a competition.

Edge effects (ecology)

In ecology, edge effects are changes in population or community structures that occur at the border of two or more places of living. As the edge effects get bigger, there is greater biodiversity in the habitat at the border.


Height can create borders between patches as well.

Some plants and animals can be active on habitat borders because of environmental conditions. Larger patches allow more individuals and biodiversity becomes bigger. When the plants get more light, there are more types and different sizes. After it is possible to live for herbivorous insects, then birds some bigger animals. 

There are three important factors: 
Human activity creates edges through development and agriculture. Often, the changes are harmful to the size of the habitat and to species. Examples of human impacts:



Only Angels Have Wings

Only Angels Have Wings is a 1939 American romantic adventure drama movie directed by Howard Hawks and starring Cary Grant, Jean Arthur, Richard Barthelmess, Rita Hayworth, Allyn Joslyn, Sig Ruman, Victor Kilian, Noah Beery Jr.. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Awards in 1940.


Hiroki Sakai

Sakai was born in Nagano Prefecture on April 12, 1990. He joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol from their youth team in 2009. He did not play in the match and Kashiwa was relegated to J2 League end of the 2009 season. He debuted in 2010 and Kashiwa won the champions in 2010 J2 League. In 2011, he became a regular player as right side back and won the champions in J1 League. In July 2012, he moved to German Bundesliga club Hannover. He played 92 matches for the club in 4 seasons. However Hannover was relegated to 2. Bundesliga end of the 2015/16 season. In 2016, he moved to French Ligue 1 club Olympique Marseille.

On May 23, 2012, Sakai debuted for the Japan national team against Azerbaijan. He battles with Atsuto Uchida for right side back. In July 2012, he was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played 4 matches and Japan won the 4th place. In 2014, he also participated 2014 World Cup, but he did not play in the match. From 2016, he played many matches instead Uchida who injured. In 2018, Sakai participated 2018 World Cup. He played all 4 matches and Japan qualified to the knockout stage. In 2019, he also played at 2019 Asian Cup and Japan won the 2nd place.

51||2||5||0||2||0||7||2||65||4
92||2||7||0||colspan="2"|-||3||0||102||2
116||1||8||0||5||0||18||1||147||2
259||5||20||0||7||0||28||3||314||8

!Total||64||1

Ball of Fire

Ball of Fire is a 1941 American romantic comedy movie directed by Howard Hawks and was based on the short story "From A to Z". It stars Gary Cooper, Barbara Stanwyck, Dana Andrews, Henry Travers, Tully Marshall, Aubrey Mather, Allen Jenkins, Kathleen Howard, Mary Field and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1942 and was remade as "A Song Is Born" by 1948 with Howard Hawks returning as director.


Hideto Takahashi

Takahashi was born in Isesaki on October 17, 1987. After graduating from Tokyo Gakugei University, he joined J1 League club FC Tokyo in 2010. Although he debuted in first season, Tokyo was relegated to J2 League end of the 2010 season. In 2011, he became a regular player as defensive midfielder and Tokyo was returned to J1 in a year. Tokyo also won the champions in the 2011 Emperor's Cup. He played 180 matches for the club in 7 seasons. In 2017, he move to Vissel Kobe. In 2018, he moved to Sagan Tosu and played in 3 seasons. In 2021, he moved to Yokohama FC.

On May 23, 2012, Takahashi debuted for the Japan national team against Azerbaijan. In 2013, he participated 2013 Confederations Cup, but he did not play in the match. He played 7 games for Japan until 2013.

282||19||27||1||39||1||10||1||358||22
282||19||27||1||39||1||10||1||358||22

!Total||7||0

Tokyo Metro Hibiya Line

The is a subway line in Tokyo, Japan, owned and is operated by the Tokyo Metro. The line was named after the Hibiya area in Chiyoda's Yurakucho district, under which it passes.


Saikyō Line

The Saikyō Line(, ) is a Japanese railway line operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East). It connects Ōsaki Station in Shinagawa, Tokyo, and Ōmiya Station in Saitama Prefecture. The line's name is an abbreviation of the two areas the line connects: Saitama() and Tōkyō().
There are three types of trains on the Saikyō Line: "Local"(, ), "Rapid"(, ), and "Commuter Rapid"(, ).

Ryo Miyaichi

Miyaichi was born in Okazaki on December 14, 1992. After graduating from Chukyo University Chukyo High School, he signed with English Premier League club Arsenal in 2011. He loaned out to Dutch Eredivisie club Feyenoord soon. In summer 2011, he returned to Arsenal. He played 2 matches at FA Cup. In January 2012, he moved to Bolton Wanderers on loan. In the 2012/13 season, he loaned out to Wigan Athletic. However he could not play many matches for injury. In summer 2013, he returned to Arsenal and played for the club 1 season. However there were few opportunities to play. In the 2014/15 season, he loaned out to Eredivisie club Twente. In summer 2015, he moved to German 2. Bundesliga club St. Pauli. 

In 2009, Miyaichi was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2009 U-17 World Cup and played 2 matches. On May 23, 2012, he debuted for the Japan national team against Azerbaijan. He played 2 games for Japan until 2012.

22||3||1||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||23||3
17||0||3||1||6||0||2||0||28||1
76||8||3||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||79||8
115||11||7||1||6||0||2||0||130||12

!Total||2||0

Frozen

Frozen may refer to:


Gotoku Sakai

Sakai was born in Niigata Prefecture on March 14, 1991.He joined J1 League club Albirex Niigata from their youth team in 2008. he played many matches from 2009. In January 2012, he moved to German Bundesliga club Stuttgart. He played 87 matches for the club in 4 seasons. In summer 2015, he moved to Hamburger SV. Although he played many matches for the club, the club was relegated to 2. Bundesliga first time in the club history end of the 2017/18 season. In summer 2019, he returned to Japan and joined Vissel Kobe. Kobe won the champions in the 2019 Emperor's Cup which is first major title in the club history.

In 2012, Sakai was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played 4 matches and Japan won the 4th place. On September 6, 2012, he debuted for the Japan national team against United Arab Emirates. After the debut, he battles with Yuto Nagatomo, Atsuto Uchida and Hiroki Sakai for the left and right side back. He participated 2013 Confederations Cup and 2014 World Cup. However he did not play in the match both tournament. In 2015, he participated 2015 Asian Cup and played 4 matches as right side back. In 2018, he was selected Japan for 2018 World Cup. He played 1 match and Japan qualified to the knockout stage. After the 2018 World Cup, he retired from Japan national team. He played 42 games for Japan until 2018.

118||2||8||0||10||0||6||0||142||2
201||2||16||0||colspan="2"|-||12||1||229||3
319||4||24||0||10||0||18||1||371||5

!Total||42||0

Hessian dialects

Hessian (German: "Hessisch") is a group of German dialects, characterized as a Central German dialect according to its share in the High German sound shift and spoken mainly in Hesse, but also in some areas in Franconia, Rhineland-Palatinate and North Rhine-Westphalia.

Hessian, together with Palatine on the one hand and a mixed area between Hessian, Palatine, South Franconian (""Badisch"") and East Franconian in the Rhine-Main-Neckar area on the other hand, forms the Rhine Franconian. Lorraine Franconian is also partially counted as part of Rhine Franconian.

The absence of the transition from "p" > "(p)f" (Appel for "apple", German: "Apfel") marks Rhine Franconian, together with Moselle Franconian and Ripuarian, as a West Central German dialect.

"Hessian" in the sense of the traditional dialect is not to be confused with the modern New Hessian regiolect.

The distribution area of Hessian dialects occupies the state of Hesse except for the extreme north and northeast, part of Rhineland-Palatinate (Westerwald, Rhenish Hesse, Taunus), North Rhine-Westphalia (Wittgensteiner Land) and Bavaria (Bavarian Lower Main).

One distinguishes


Linguistic boundaries are the isoglosses "ich" (Hessian) / "ik" (Low German) as well as "machen" (Hessian) / "maken" (Low German) northward to Low Saxon and Westphalian, "Pund" (Hessian) / "Fund" (Thuringian) eastward to Thuringian, "Pund" (Hessian) / "Pfund" (East Franconian) as well as "Appel" (Hessian) / "Apfel" (East Franconian) eastward to East Franconian, "was" (Hessian) / "wat" (Ripuarian/Moselle Franconian) westward to Moselle Franconian and "fest" (Hessian) / "fescht" (Palatine) to the Rhine Franconian/Palatine/East Franconian mixed area southward. As can be seen from the bounding isoglosses, Hessian is subject to the High German sound shift with respect to "t" > "s" and "k" > "ch/h", but unlike East Central German, it does not show the "p" > "f" transition.

The border to the Low German language area is marked by a here spatially very narrowly limited isoglossic bundle - the Benrath line, which here, unlike west and east, is hardly fanned out. This language boundary (or "maken-machen" or "ik-ich" line) between Low German and Central German language varieties or Hessian belongs to the dialect continuum, but it is probably one of the most sharply formed transitional areas in the German language area. In contrast, the border to the south is characterized by particularly wide isoglosses and is correspondingly blurred. The transition to Palatine, to East Franconian and to Thuringian is fluent.

Characteristic is the lack of distinction between voiced and unvoiced "s" or "sch" as well as in South and Central Hessian between "ch" on the one hand and "sch" on the other. All these sounds tend to be pronounced voiced, so that phonetically, for example, there is hardly any difference between "Kirche" and "Kirsche" or between "weiße" and "weise". This leads also in High German partly to hypercorrection ("Kirchbaum" instead of "Kirschbaum").

Hessian is characterized by residual occurrences of particularly ancient words whose root words hardly occur in other dialects or languages, such as "idrecken", "itarucken" for ruminate, "densen", "dinsen" for "to pull at something with all one's might" and ehren "(ähren)" for ackern/plow.

The Hessian vocabulary is documented by three multi-volume dictionaries, the "Südhessisches Wörterbuch" (completed, 6 volumes), the "Hessen-Nassauisches Volkswörterbuch" (in progress), and the "Frankfurter Wörterbuch" (completed, 6 volumes).

From the 19th century come A. G. E. Vilmar's "Idiotikon von Kurhessen" (Marburg/Leipzig 1868) and Hermann von Pfister's "Mundartliche und stammheitliche Nachträge" "zu A. F. C. Vilmar's Idiotikon von Hessen" (Marburg 1886).

South of the Main, the preterite (past tense) is absent and replaced by the perfect (present perfect); north of the Main, on the other hand, preterite forms are common. In the south, standard German is ""ich kam"", i.e., "ich bin kumme", whereas in the north, "ich kåm". A second important, albeit Gemeindeutsch difference to standard German is the replacement of the genitive by prepositional and dative periphrases. Thus, instead of "Georg's book" it is ""des Buch vum Schorsch"" or "em "Schorsch soi Buch"."

Hessian syntax was studied in the 2010s at the Philipps University of Marburg as part of the project "SyHD: Syntax of Hessian Dialects."



All information is in German.


Pádraig Pearse

Pádraig Pearse was a leader during the Easter Rising in Ireland. He is mentioned in Irish song "Grace", which is about Joseph Plunkett's last days alive before his execution in Kilmainham Gaol.

Dendropsophus goughi

The Guianan dwarf tree frog ("Dendropsophus goughi") is a frog that lives in Trinidad. Scientists have seen it as high as 1200 meters above sea level.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Dendropsophus microcephalus".

Cuban macaw

The Cuban macaw or Cuban red macaw ("Ara tricolor") was an extinct species of macaw in the genus "Ara".

Rhine Franconian

Rhine Franconian or Rhenish Franconian (German: "Rheinfränkisch") is a dialect chain of West Central German. It is spoken across the regions of the states of Saarland, Rhineland-Palatinate, northwest Baden-Wurttemberg, and Hesse in Germany. It is also spoken in northeast France, in the eastern part of the "département" of Moselle in the Lorraine region. It's also spoken in the north-west part of Bas-Rhin in Alsace.

Hotaru Yamaguchi

Yamaguchi was born in Nabari on October 6, 1990. He joined J2 League club Cerezo Osaka from their youth team in 2009. Cerezo was promoted to J1 League from 2010. He played many matches as defensive midfielder from 2011. In 2013, he played all 34 matches and was selected Best Eleven award. However Cerezo was relegated to J2 end of the 2014 season. In January 2016, he moved to German Bundesliga club Hannover. However he could not play many matches and Hannover was relegated to 2. Bundesliga end of the 2015/16 season. In summer 2016, he returned to Cerezo and Cerezo was promoted to J1 end of the 2016 season. In 2017, Cerezo won the champions in the J.League Cup and Emperor's Cup. He was also selected Best Eleven award. In 2019, he moved to Vissel Kobe. Vissel won the champions in the 2019 Emperor's Cup which is first major title in the club history.

In July 2012, Yamaguchi was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played all 6 matches as defensive midfielder and Japan won the 4th place. In July 2013, he was selected the Japan national team for 2013 East Asian Cup. At this tournament, he debuted against China on July 21. In 2014, he was selected Japan for 2014 World Cup and played all 3 matches. In 2018, he also played at 2018 World Cup and Japan qualified to the knockout stage.

293||23||21||5||22||2||21||1||357||31
6||0||0||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||6||0
299||23||21||5||22||2||21||1||363||31

!Total||48||3

Brian Tyler

Brian Theodore Tyler is an American composer, musician, conductor, arranger, and producer born on May 8, 1972 in Orange County, California, known for his movie and video game scores.

He scored "Eagle Eye", "Iron Man 3", "" with Danny Elfman, "Now You See Me", and among others.

He also re-arranged the current fanfare of the Universal Pictures logo for its 100th anniversary that was originally composed by Jerry Goldsmith, which debuted with "The Lorax" (2012), the 2013–2016 Marvel Studios logo, which debuted with "" (2013), as well as the "NFL Sunday Countdown Theme" for ESPN, the Formula One theme (also used in Formula 2 and Formula 3) and five installments of the "Fast & Furious" franchise.

For his work as a movie composer, he has won the IFMCA Awards 2014 Composer of the Year.


Strč prst skrz krk

Strč prst skrz krk () is a tongue-twister in the Czech and Slovak languages that means "stick a finger through the throat".

Many people know the sentence for both being valid and having no vowels. Each syllable has a liquid consonant (a consonant that sounds similar to liquid), all of which are r. They happen a lot in many Slavic languages, of which Czech and Slovak also has l, and Czech also has m. It is often used as such a phrase when learning Czech or Slovak as a foreign language.

Many words in Czech and Slovak have no vowels, such as , , and "čtvrtsmršť". The last two are used to make talking easier.

There are other sentences in Czech and Slovak with no vowels, such as "prd krt skrz drn, zprv zhlt hrst zrn", which means "a mole farted through grass, having swallowed a handful of grains".


Today I Am a Clown

"Today I Am a Clown" is the 6th episode of "The Simpsons" 15th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on December 7, 2003. The episode was written by Joel H. Cohen. Nancy Kruse is the director of the episode. In the episode, Krusty the Clown gets help from his father Hyman to have a bar mitzvah.

Jackie Mason is a guest star as Krusty's father, Hyman Krustofsky. Mr. T guest stars as himself in the episode. About 10.5 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast. Dan Castellaneta got an Emmy Award for being the voice actor for many characters in the episode. Joel H. Cohen was given a nomination for a Writers Guild of America Award because he wrote the episode.


Ludwigsvorstadt-Isarvorstadt

Schönfeldvorstadt

Schönfeldvorstadt (Central Bavarian: "Scheefejdvoastod") is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

The Miracle Worker (1962 movie)

The Miracle Worder is a 1962 American biographical drama movie directed by Arthur Penn and is based on Helen Keller's book about her own life, "The Story of My Life". The title character is Annie Sullivan, who teaches a blind and deaf girl to communicate.


Weißenstadt

Weißenstadt is a town in Wunsiedel, in Upper Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. It is on the shore of the Weißenstadter See (Weissenstadt Lake), in the Fichtelgebirge Mountains, on the river Eger, 11 km northwest of Wunsiedel.

The town is in the valley of the Eger between the mountains of Waldstein and Rudolfstein and the pass of Höllpass on the plateau of the Fichtelgebirge.

The borough of Weißenstadt incorporates the town itself and a number of villages:

Lucas Reiner

Lucas Joseph Reiner (born August 17, 1960) is an American painter, printmaker, photographer, and filmmaker. His father is Carl Reiner.


Swabian German

Swabian German () is an Alemannic German dialect. It is mainly spoken in Swabia in central and southeastern Baden-Württemberg. It's also spoken in the capital Stuttgart and the Swabian Jura region and southwest Bavaria (Bavarian Swabia).

Wolfratshausen

Wolfratshausen (German pronunciation: ]; West Central Bavarian: "Woifradshausn") is a town in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.


East Low German

East Low German () is a variant of Low German dialects spoken in north-eastern Germany and northern Poland.

West Low German

West Low German, also known as Low Saxon (German: ', literally "West Low German", or ' (in a stricter sense), literally: "Low Saxon, Nether-Saxon"; ; ) is a variant of Low German (also Low Saxon; German: ', ', Dutch: "") dialects spoken in parts of the Netherlands, northwestern Germany and southern Denmark (in North Schleswig).

Caersws

Caersws (Welsh: "Caersŵs") is a village and community in Powys, a county in Wales. It is in the historic county of Montgomeryshire.

It is situated 5 miles (8 km) west of Newtown and is halfway between Aberystwyth and Shrewsbury, England.

The 2011 census found that the community had a population of 1,586 people and the village itself had a population of just over 800 people. The community includes the settlements of Clatter, Llanwnnog and Pontdolgoch.

The village has a railway station on the Cambrian Line between Shrewsbury and Aberystwyth and Pwllheli. The station is served by Transport for Wales trains that head west to Aberystwyth and Pwllheli and trains that head east to Shrewsbury. Most of the trains that head east from the station continue past Shrewsbury and end at Birmingham International.

Caersws railway station

Caersws railway station () is a train station in the village of Caersws in Powys, Wales. It is managed by Transport for Wales and opened in 1863.

The station is on the Cambrian Line between Shrewsbury in England and Aberystwyth and Pwllheli.

It is notable as there is 22 miles (35 km) between this station and Machynlleth station, the longest distance between two intermediate stations in the whole of Wales.

The station is unstaffed, meaning that there are no members of staff that work at the station.

Transport for Wales manage the station and also run all the trains that stop there. Their trains run west to Aberystwyth and Pwllheli and east to Shrewsbury. The trains that run east usually continue past Shrewsbury and end at Birmingham International, the station that serves Birmingham Airport.

Trains from Caersws station are usually every two hours in each direction from Monday to Saturday, with some extra trains in the morning and evening for commuters travelling to and from work. On Sundays, trains also run every two hours, but there are fewer trains to Pwllheli.

Audiovisual Communicators

Audiovisual Communicators, Inc. is a Philippine radio network. Its main headquarters is located on the 17th Floor, Strata 2000 Bldg., F. Ortigas Jr. Rd., Ortigas Center. and soon at the Maple at Verdant Towers in Pasig. ACI operates Top 40 stations across major cities in the Philippines under the Monster Radio branding.

On September 27, 2022 Audiovisual Communicators, Inc. Its AM provincial stations in Dagupan, Laoag, La Union

On September 13, 2022 Audiovisual Communicators, Inc. was acquired by the Sotto and Mayor of Pasig



DWRX

DWRX (93.1 FM) broadcasting as Monster RX 93.1 is a commercial far right radio station owned and operated by Audiovisual Communicators. Its soon to be studio will be located at 15 West Avenue, corner Nayong Kanluran, Quezon City and transmitter is located at 17th Floor of Strata 2000 Building., F. Ortigas Jr Road, Ortigas Center, Pasig City. 

Aberystwyth railway station

Aberystwyth railway station () is a train station in Aberystwyth, Wales. It is managed by Transport for Wales and opened in 1864.

The station is the final stop of the Cambrian Line and is 81 1⁄2 miles (131.2 km) west of Shrewsbury. It is also the final stop of the Vale of Rheidol Railway miniature railway.

The station's platforms have an old canopy that is from the Victorian era.

Trains run by Transport for Wales leave the station every two hours towards Machynlleth, Shrewsbury and Birmingham International.

Narrow-gauge railway

A narrow-gauge railway (also called a narrow-gauge railroad in the United States) is a railway with a track gauge that is narrower than the usual 1,435 mm (4 ft 8 1⁄2 in).

Most narrow-gauge railways are between 600 mm (1 ft 11 5⁄8 in) and 1,067 mm (3 ft 6 in) wide.

In some countries around the world, including Japan, Indonesia, South Africa, New Zealand, Malaysia, Taiwan and some states of Australia, a narrow-gauge is the standard railway gauge.

Light truck

Light truck or light-duty truck is a US classification for trucks the size of cars or truck-based vehicles with a gross vehicle weight up to 8,500 pounds (3,860 kg) and a payload capacity up to 4,000 pounds (1,815 kg). Similar goods vehicle classes in the European Union, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand are termed light commercial vehicles and are limited to a gross vehicle weight of up to 3,500 kg (7,720 pounds).

Welsh independence

Welsh independence (Welsh: "Annibyniaeth i Gymru") is a political movement that wants Wales to leave the United Kingdom and be an independent country.

Wales was conquered by Edward I of England in the 13th century and became part of the Kingdom of England in 1535.

The idea of an independent Welsh state began in the middle of the 1800s and has gotten more recognition in the 21st century. There are political parties like Plaid Cymru and Propel that support the idea. There has also been a few paramilitary groups, such as the Free Wales Army and Meibion Glyndŵr that wanted independence.

In 2019, three independence marches took place. The first one happened in Cardiff, Wales' capital city, and around 3,000 people took part. The second march happened in Caernarfon in Gwynedd and around 8,000 people took part. A third march happened in Merthyr Tydfil with 5,200 people taking part.

In a 2021 poll by ITV News, 39% of Welsh people said they wanted independence.

The growth of independence movements in Wales and Scotland has resulted in English independence movements also becoming bigger.


Llangefni

Llangefni is a town in Anglesey, Wales. According to the 2011 census, it has a population of 5,116 people.

It is Anglesey's county town, but the largest town is Holyhead.

It is located near the centre of the Isle of Anglesey and is on the banks of the Afon Cefni, the river that the town takes its name from.

Llangefni is a commercial and farming town and once had the largest cattle market in Anglesey.

According to the 2011 census, Llangefni has the 6th highest percentage of Welsh language speakers in the whole of Wales.

High German languages

The High German languages or High German dialects () is a variant of the Germanic languages. It is spoken south of the Benrath and Uerdingen isoglosses in central and southern Germany, Austria, Liechtenstein, Switzerland, Luxembourg, and eastern Belgium. As well as in neighbouring portions of France (Alsace and northern Lorraine), Italy (South Tyrol), the Czech Republic (Bohemia), and Poland (Upper Silesia). They are also spoken in diaspora in Romania, Russia, the United States, Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, Chile, and Namibia.

Upper German

Upper German (German: ) is a variant of High German dialects.

The Scarlet Dove

The Scarlet Dove () is a 1961 Finnish thriller movie directed by Matti Kassila and starring Tauno Palo, Matti Oravisto, Paavo Hukkinen, Tauno Söder, Risto Mäkelä, Pertti Palo, Anton Soini, Martta Kinnunen.

Coffee and Cigarettes

Coffee and Cigarettes is a 2003 American Japanese Italian comedy movie directed by Jim Jarmusch and starring Roberto Benigni, Steven Wright, Steve Buscemi, Iggy Pop, Tom Waits, Cate Blanchett, Meg White, Jack White, Steve Coogan. It was distributed by United Artists.


The Chieftain (movie)

The Chieftain () is a 1984 Norwegian drama movie directed by Terje Kristiansen (who also stars) and also starring Vibeke Løkkeberg, Tonje Kleivdal Kristiansen, Eva von Hanno, Klaus Hagerup, Arne Hestenes.

Detoxification

Detoxification is when any toxic thing is removed from the human body, for example alcohol, drugs or poison. Alternative medicine sometimes claims to remove "toxins" from the body 

Mukhiani

Mukhiani (Georgian: მუხიანი) is a neighbourhood in Tbilisi, Georgia, in Gldani District.

Yuya Osako

Osako was born in Minamisatsuma on May 18, 1990. After graduating from Kagoshima Josei High School, he joined J1 League club Kashima Antlers in 2009. He played many matches from first season and Kashima won the J1 League champions in 2009. In 2013, he scored 19 goals and was selected Best Eleven award. In January 2014, he moved to German 2. Bundesliga club 1860 Munich. In summer 2014, he moved to Bundesliga club Köln. He played many matches for the club in 4 seasons. However Köln was relegated to 2. Bundesliga end of the 2017/18 season. In 2018, he moved to Werder Bremen.

In July 2013, Osako was selected the Japan national team for 2013 East Asian Cup. At this tournament, he debuted against China on July 21. In 2014, he was also selected Japan for 2014 World Cup. From 2017, he became a regular player instead Shinji Okazaki. In 2018, he participated 2018 World Cup. He played all 4 matches and scored 1 goal. In 2019, he also participated 2019 Asian Cup. He played 4 matches and scored 4 goals, and Japan won the 2nd place.

139||40||14||5||20||12||14||5||187||62
172||32||12||5||colspan="2"|-||6||2||190||39
311||72||26||10||20||12||20||7||377||101

!Total||46||15

Masato Kudo

Kudo was born in Suginami, Tokyo on May 6, 1990. He joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol in 2009. Although he debuted in 2009, Kashiwa was relegated to J2 League end of the 20092 season. He played many matches from 2010 and Kashiwa won the J2 champions in 2010. In 2011, Kashiwa won the J1 champions. Kashiwa also won the champions in 2012 Emperor's Cup and 2013 J.League Cup. He played 179 matches and score 66 goals in 7 seasons. In 2016, he moved to Major League Soccer club Vancouver Whitecaps. In 2017, he returned to Japan and joined Sanfrecce Hiroshima. Hiroshima won the champions in 2018 J1 League. In 2019, he moved to J2 club Renofa Yamaguchi FC and played in 1 season. In December 2020, he signed with A-League club Brisbane Roar.

In July 2013, Kudo was selected the Japan national team for 2013 East Asian Cup. At this tournament, he debuted and scored a goal against China on July 21. He played 4 games and scored 2 goals for Japan in 2013.

Kudo died on October 21, 2022 from complications of brain surgery, at the age of 32.

246||74||26||11||31||12||26||10||329||107
17||2||0||0||0||0||1||0||18||2
263||76||26||11||31||12||27||10||347||109

!Total||4||2

Manabu Saito

Saito was born in Kawasaki on April 4, 1990. He joined J1 League club Yokohama F. Marinos from their youth team in 2008. However he could not play many matches. In 2011, he moved to J2 League club Ehime FC on loan. He scored 14 goals in 36 matches in 2011. In 2012, he returned to Yokohama. He played many matches from 2012. Yokohama won the 2nd place in the 2013 J1 League. He was selected Best Eleven in 2016. In 2018, he moved to Kawasaki Frontale. Kawasaki won the J1 champions in 2018 and 2020. In 2021, he moved to Nagoya Grampus.

In August 2007, Saito was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2007 U-17 World Cup and played 2 matches. In July 2012, he was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played 4 matches and Japan won the 4th place. In July 2013, Saito was selected the Japan national team for 2013 East Asian Cup. At this tournament, he debuted against China on July 21. He was also selected Japan for 2014 World Cup, but he did not play in the match. He played 6 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 2016.

294||50||25||6||34||7||10||4||363||67
294||50||25||6||34||7||10||4||363||67

!Total||6||1

Destiny (1921 movie)

Destiny (":" "ein deutsches volkslied in 6 versen" ("Weary Death: A German Folk Story in Six Verses"); originally released in the United States as Behind the Wall) is a 1921 German romantic fantasy movie directed by Fritz Lang and starring Lil Dagover, Walter Janssen, Bernhard Goetzke, Hans Sternberg, Max Adelbert, Wilhelm Diegelman, Karl Platen, Max Pfeiffer, Grete Berger.


Hiroki Yamada

Yamada was born in Hamamatsu on December 27, 1988. After graduating from Meiji University, he joined J1 League club Júbilo Iwata in 2011. He played as regular player from first season. However Júbilo was relegated to J2 League end of the 2013 season. In July 2014, he moved to German 2. Bundesliga club Karlsruher SC. He played for the club in 3 seasons. In summer 2017, he returned to Júbilo Iwata which playing in J1. However the club was relegated to J2 end of the 2019 season.

In July 2013, Yamada was selected the Japan national team for 2013 East Asian Cup. At this tournament, he debuted against Australia on July 25. He played 2 games for Japan in 2013.

207||32||8||3||20||3||235||38
88||10||3||0||colspan="2"|-||91||10
295||42||11||3||20||3||326||48

!Total||2||0

Daisuke Suzuki

Suzuki was born in Tokyo on January 29, 1990. After graduating from Seiryo High School, he joined J1 League club Albirex Niigata in 2008. He played many matches as center back from 2011. In 2013, he moved to Kashiwa Reysol. He played for the club in 3 seasons and Kashiwa won the champions in the 2013 J.League Cup. In January 2016, he moved to Spanish Segunda División club Gimnàstic Tarragona. In summer 2018, he returned to Kashiwa. However Kashiwa was relegated to J2 League end of the 2018 season. In 2019, he moved to Urawa Reds. In 2021, he moved to J2 club JEF United Chiba.

In 2007, Suzuki was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2007 U-20 World Cup and played 2 matches. In July 2012, he was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played all 6 matches as center back with Maya Yoshida and Japan won the 4th place. In July 2013, he was selected the Japan national team for 2013 East Asian Cup. At this tournament, he debuted against Australia on July 25. He played 2 games for Japan until 2014.

175||9||12||2||24||2||28||0||239||13
68||1||3||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||71||1
243||10||15||2||24||2||28||0||310||14

!Total||2||0

Welshpool railway station

Welshpool railway station () is a train station in Welshpool, Wales. It opened in 1860 and is managed by Transport for Wales.

It is on the Cambrian Line between Shrewsbury and Aberystwyth and Pwllheli and is the first stop on the line that is in Wales.

Welshpool station has a regular train every two hours heading both west to Aberystwyth and Pwllheli and east to Shrewsbury and Birmingham International. Also, on weekday mornings and evenings and Saturday mornings and evenings, there is an extra train every hour between Aberystwyth and Shrewsbury.

Elegant forest tree frog

The elegant forest tree frog ("Dendropsophus elegans") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives on the Atlantic side of the country. Scientists have seen it as high as 800 meters above sea level.

Fatima Aziz

Fatima Aziz (; ; 1973 – 12 March 2021) was an Afghan physician and politician. In 2005, in Afghanistan's first free parliamentary election, she was elected to the lower house of parliament as a representative of Kunduz province. She died of cancer in 2021 in a hospital in Switzerland.

Steve Cotterill

Stephen John Cotterill (born 20 July 1964) is a football manager and former professional football player from England. He is currently the manager of Forest Green Rovers in League Two.

Cotterill was born in Cheltenham, a spa town in Gloucestershire, South West England. When he was just 11 years old, his father died. 

In January 2021, Cotterill was in intensive care with COVID-19. He left hospital after 33 days on 16 February but was sent back to hospital on 1 March after suffering from COVID-pneumonia.

When he was a player, Cotterill had a nine-year career, playing for five different clubs. He began his senior career in 1986 with his local team Cheltenham Town. In 1987, he joined Burton Albion. In 1989, he joined Wimbledon and stayed there until 1993. During his time at Wimbledon, in 1992, he went on loan to Brighton & Hove Albion after he had an injury. In 1993, he joined AFC Bournemouth before retiring in 1996.

After finishing his playing career, Cotterill became a manager. His manager career began when he was hired as manager of Sligo Rovers in Ireland. Since then, he has been the manager of Cheltenham Town, Stoke City, Burnley, Notts County, Portsmouth, Nottingham Forest, Bristol City, Birmingham City, Shrewsbury Town and Forest Green Rovers.

Manager

Cheltenham Town

Notts County

Bristol City

Individual
December 2020

Takahiro Ogihara

Ogihara was born in Sakai on October 5, 1991. He joined J1 League club Cerezo Osaka in 2010. He played many matches as defensive midfielder from 2012. Cerezo was relegated to J2 League end of the 2014 season. In 2016, he lost his position and moved to J1 club Nagoya Grampus in July. However he could hardly play in the match for injury. In 2017, he moved to Yokohama F. Marinos. He played many matches and Yokohama won the 2nd place in the 2017 Emperor's Cup and 2018 J.League Cup. In 2019, Yokohama won the champions in J1 league.

In July 2012, Ogihara was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played 5 matches as defensive midfielder with Cerezo Osaka's teammate Hotaru Yamaguchi and Japan won the 4th place. In July 2013, he was selected the Japan national team for 2013 East Asian Cup. At this tournament, he debuted against Australia on July 25.

253||14||24||0||33||3||15||0||325||17
253||14||24||0||33||3||15||0||325||17

!Total||1||0

Yorton

Yorton is a small village in Shropshire, England. It is in the civil parish of Clive.

It is 7.01 miles (11.28 km) north of Shrewsbury and 3.31 miles (5.33 km) south of Wem.

The village is known for its railway station. It is on the Welsh Marches line between Newport and Crewe.

Yoshinori Muto

Muto was born in Setagaya, Tokyo on July 15, 1992. When he played for Keio University, he joined J1 League club FC Tokyo in 2013. He played many matches from 2014. In summer 2015, he moved to German Bundesliga club Mainz. He played for the club in 3 seasons. In 2018, he moved to English Premier League club Newcastle United. In 2020, he moved to Spanish La Liga club Eibar.

On Septetmber 5, 2014, Muto debuted for the Japan national team against Uruguay. In 2015, he played at 2015 Asian Cup. In 2018, he was selected the Japan for 2018 World Cup. In 2019, he participated 2019 Asian Cup. He played 4 matches and scored 1 goal, and Japan won the 2nd place. He played 29 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 2019.

51||23||1||0||9||3||colspan="2"|-||61||26
66||20||4||2||colspan="2"|-||2||1||72||23
25||1||1||0||2||1||colspan="2"|-||28||2
142||44||6||2||11||4||2||1||161||51

!Total||29||3

High Franconian German

High Franconian German () is a variant of High German consisting of East Franconian and South Franconian. It is part of the Franconian languages area. It is spoken southeast of the Rhine Franconian area. It is spoken in Germany around Karlsruhe, Erlangen, Fürth, Heilbronn and Würzburg and a small area in France.

Ben Elliot

Sir Benjamin William Elliot (born 11 August 1975) is a British Conservative politician. He was Chairman of the Conservative Party from July 2019 to September 2022.

Mark Baker (animator)

Mark Baker (born 8 April 1959 in London) is an English animator whose works include the Oscar-nominated short films "The Hill Farm" (1988), "The Village" (1993) and "Jolly Roger" (1998). He is also known for co-creating "Peppa Pig" (2004–present) and Ben and Holly's Little Kingdom (2008-2013).

Gaku Shibasaki

Shibasaki was born in Noheji, Aomori on May 28, 1992. After graduating from Aomori Yamada High School, he joined J1 League club Kashima Antlers in 2011. He became a regular player from 2012 and was selected "Best Young Player award". In 2016, Kashima won the champions in J1 League and qualified for 2016 Club World Cup as host country champions. At Club World Cup, he played all 4 matches and scored 2 goals against Real Madrid at the final. In January 2017, he moved to Spanish Segunda División club Tenerife. In summer 2017, he moved to La Liga club Getafe. However his opportunity to play decreased in the 2018/19 season. In 2019, he moved to Segunda División club Deportivo La Coruña. Although he played many matches, the club was relegated to Segunda División B end of the 2019/20 season. In 2020, he moved to Leganés.

In 2009, Shibasaki was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2009 U-17 World Cup. At this tournament, he played all 3 matches. On September 9, 2014, he debuted for the Japan national team against Venezuela. In 2015, he played at 2015 Asian Cup. From 2018, he became a regular player as defensive midfielder under new manager Akira Nishino. At the 2018 World Cup, he played all 4 matches and Japan qualified to the knockout stage. In 2019, he participated 2019 Asian Cup. He played 6 matches and Japan won the 2nd place. He also played at 2019 Copa América.

172||17||14||1||31||4||7||2||224||24
67||2||3||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||70||2
239||19||17||1||31||4||7||2||294||26

!Total||49||3

Beyond Order

Beyond Order: 12 More Rules for Life is a 2021 self-help book by professor Jordan Peterson, as a sequel to his 2018 book, "12 Rules for Life".

Taishi Taguchi

Taguchi was born in Naha on March 16, 1991. After graduating from Ryutsu Keizai University Kashiwa High School, he joined J1 League club Nagoya Grampus in 2009. He played many matches as defensive midfielder from 2012. Nagoya was relegated to J2 League end of the 2016 season. Nagoya won the 3rd place in 2017 and was returned to J1 in a year. He played 155 matches for Nagoya in 9 seasons. In 2018, he moved to Júbilo Iwata. Although he played many matches, his opportunity to play decreased from summer 2019 and Iwata was relegated to J2 end of the 2019 season. In 2020, he moved to J2 club JEF United Chiba.

On October 10, 2014, Taguchi debuted for the Japan national team against Jamaica. He played 3 games for Japan in 2014.

240||22||20||1||22||0||4||0||286||23
240||22||20||1||22||0||4||0||286||23

!Total||3||0

Friday Night Funkin'

Friday Night Funkin' is a rhythm game made for the PC. It was made by a programmer named ninjamuffin99. It was first made available to play on the website Newgrounds. The game is about a character named Boyfriend who wants to be with his girlfriend. He must go on rap battles with characters who do not want him to. The design of the game was made to look similar to Adobe Flash games from the 2000s. The source code is available in GitHub, mostly written in Haxe. The game has had a kickstarter in April 2021, where it received a $60,000 goal in a few hours. The game got over $2,000,000.


Friday Night Funkin' is a rhythm game where the player controls Boyfriend, a person who is trying to date his girlfriend. However, he must defeat multiple bosses by rap battling in order to do so. Boyfriend goes through multiple "weeks", which contain three songs each. The player rap battles the opponents by pressing the WASD or arrow keys although other controls were made optional in more recent updates. 

The player can choose to play the story mode or freeplay. Story mode allows the player to play the game in multiple weeks. Freeplay allows the player to play each song individually. The game also includes a tutorial. 

"Friday Night Funkin"', due to it being an open-source game, has an active modding community. Mods are fan-made weeks remade to have different bosses, backgrounds, assets, and such. The full game will have mod support using the Polymod framework. 

Nordostniederdeutsch

Nordostniederdeutsch is a variant of the Low German dialect spoken in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. 


Laurens Dassen

Laurens Antonius Josephus Maria Dassen (born 19 October 1985) is a Dutch politician and former bank employee.

Dassen was born in Eindhoven and grew up in Knegsel, a village in the North Brabant municipality of Eersel. He studied business sciences at Radboud University Nijmegen and worked at ABN AMRO abroad.

In summer 2018 he was co-founder of Volt Netherlands, a department of the pan-European political party Volt Europe established in Italy in 2017. Since December 2018 he has been chairing Volt Netherlands.

Dassen leaded the Volt party into the 2021 Dutch general election in March 2021. Volt gained three seats, so he has been both parliamentary group leader and an MP since March 2021.



Volt Netherlands

Volt Netherlands is a political party in the Netherlands.

Volt Netherlands was established in 2018. It is a department of Volt Europa, a pan-European political party established in Italy in 2017. Volt wants to create a federal European Union with a fully operating European government and parliament.

Political leader and co-founder of Volt Netherlands is Laurens Dassen.

Number of seats in the 2021 elections: 3 (/).

In February 2022, Nilüfer Gündoğan was expelled from the Volt group and became an independent politician on 22 March 2022.



Bernese German

Bernese German (German: "Berndeutsch", Alemannic German: "Bärndütsch") is the variant of High Alemannic German spoken in Mittelland, Bern and in some regions.

Bartlett, New Hampshire

Bartlett is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 3,200 at the 2020 census.

Murder of Sarah Everard

On the evening of March 3rd 2021, 33-year-old marketing executive Sarah Everard disappeared in South London. She went missing after leaving a friend's house near Clapham Common to walk home.

On March 9th, Wayne Couzens, a Metropolitan Police officer with the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection unit, was arrested in Deal, Kent, on suspicion of Everard's kidnapping and later on suspicion of her murder. On March 10th, her remains were discovered in woodland near Ashford, Kent. Couzens was charged with kidnapping and murder two days later. In June 2021, police confirmed that Everard died of asphyxiation (strangling). On June 8th 2021 Wayne Couzens, 48, pleaded guilty to the kidnap and rape of Ms Everard and on July 9th 2021 pleaded guilty to her murder. The officer was since sentenced on September 30th 2021 to life imprisonment.

A vigil was held for Everard in London on 13 March, leading to a controversial police response and four arrests for breaking COVID-19 regulations.

Yonhy Lescano

Yonhy Lescano Ancieta (born 15 February 1959) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Popular Action party. He was a Congressman between 2001 until the dissolution of the Congress by Martín Vizcarra in 2019. 

From 2009 to 2011, he was the Popular Action party's national secretary-general.

Lescano was the Popular Action Party nominee for President of Peru in the 2021 election, but lost in the first round of the election.

From 1976 to 1980, Yonhy Lescano studied law at the Catholic University of Santa María in Arequipa. From 1984 to 2001, he worked as an independent lawyer in his own town in Puno. Additionally, he was a professor, lecturing law at the National University of the Altiplano (UNA) in Puno, from 1985 to 2001. 

In the 2000 elections, he ran unsuccessfully for a seat in Congress under Luis Castañeda’s National Solidarity.

In the 2001 elections, he was elected as Congressman to represent the Puno Region, on the list of the centrist Popular Action. He was re-elected in the 2006 elections, on the joint Center Front coalition list which grouped the AP, We Are Peru and the National Coordinators of Independents, and in the 2011 elections on the list of the Possible Peru Alliancelist, this time for the constituency of Lima, and in the 2016 elections for a final term, leaving office in 2019 in aftermath of the dissolution of the Congress by Martín Vizcarra. Lescano was one of the Congressmen who were in favor of the dissolution.

Joseph E. Duncan III

Joseph Edward Duncan III (February 25, 1963 – March 28, 2021) was an American convicted serial killer and child molester. He was on death row in federal prison for the 2005 kidnappings and murders of members of the Groene family of Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.

He was also serving 11 consecutive sentences of life without parole for the Groene muders and the 1997 murder of Anthony Martinez of Beaumont, California. 

Duncan confessed to — but has not been charged with — the 1996 murder of two girls, Sammiejo White and Carmen Cubias, in Seattle. At the time of the attack on the Groene family, Duncan was on the run from a child molestation charge in Minnesota. He spotted Shasta and Dylan Groene playing outside as he drove past their house on Interstate 90.

In October 2020, Duncan was diagnosed with terminal glioblastoma and had brain surgery. He died on March 28, 2021 in prison in Terre Haute, Indiana from the illness, aged 58.

Harvey Mansfield

Harvey Claflin Mansfield Jr. (born March 21, 1932) is an American political philosopher. He is the William R. Kenan, Jr. Professor of Government at Harvard University. He received the National Humanities Medal in 2004. He is known for his conservative stance on political issues in his writings.



Sarah Harding

Sarah Nicole Harding (17 November 1981 – 5 September 2021) was an English singer, model, and actress. In late 2002, she auditioned for the ITV reality series "". On the show, she won a place as a member of the girl group quintet Girls Aloud.

Harding was born Sarah Nicole Hardman in Ascot, Berkshire. She moved to Stockport, Greater Manchester when she was 14. 

During the group's break, Harding began acting, appearing in "Bad Day", the BBC television movie "Freefall", "Run for Your Wife", and "". She won "Celebrity Big Brother 20" in 2017. Harding was also a lingerie model.

In August 2020, Harding said that she had been diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer. In March 2021, she said that the disease was terminal and had a few months to live. Harding died on the morning of 5 September 2021 from the disease in Manchester at the age of 39.


Andra Day

Cassandra Monique Batie (born December 30, 1984), known by her stage name Andra Day, is an American singer-songwriter, and actress. In 2015, she released her debut album, "Cheers to the Fall". Her best known single is "Rise Up", was which nominated for the Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance. 

In 2021, she played Billie Holiday in the biopic "The United States vs. Billie Holiday". She won a Golden Globe Award and is currently nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress. 

Her stage name was inspired by Holiday, whose nickname was "Lady Day".

Riz Ahmed

Rizwan Ahmed (born 1 December 1982), also known as Riz MC, is an English actor, musician, and activist. He is known for his roles as Rick in "Nightcrawler" (2014), ​Carlton Drake in "Venom" (2018) and as Ruben Stone in "Sound of Metal" (2020).

In 2017, he won an Emmy Award. For his role as Stone, Ahmed was nominated for a Golden Globe Award and Academy Award in 2021.

GB News

GB News is an news television channel in the United Kingdom that is based on opinions. It started on 13 June 2021 on Freeview, Sky, YouView, Freesat and Virgin Media. It is owned by British hedge fund manager Sir Paul Marshall, and Legatum, which is headquartered in Dubai. Its CEO is Greek-born Australian Angelos Frangopoulos. Its first chairman was the British journalist Andrew Neil until 13 September 2021, who used to work for the BBC. Its current chairman is British-born investor Alan McCormick, a partner in Legatum. Before its launch, the "Financial Times" predicted it would be "right-leaning". "The Guardian" and "City A.M." claimed it would be like the International television news channel Phoenix InfoNews Channel, CCTV-4, CGTN, BBC Parliament, Canal del Congreso, CPAC, C-SPAN, BBC News, CBC News Network and Fox News Channel.

There was a pre-tax loss of £42.4 million in its 2022/23 accounts. In 2024 Paul Marshall had to invest £41 million. The number of people employed increased to 295 in May 2023, from 175 in May 2022. The group also pays high wages to several current and former Conservative politicians, including Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg. On 18 March 2024, Ofcom ruled that two episodes of Jacob Rees-Mogg's State Of The Nation, two episodes of Friday Morning With Esther And Phil and one episode of Saturday Morning With Esther And Phil, broadcast in May and June 2023 , had failed to comply with rules 5.1 and 5.3 of the Broadcasting Code which state that a politician cannot be a newsreader, interviewer or journalist unless, exceptionally, there is a editorial justification.


German Spaniel

The German Spaniel, also known as the Deutscher Wachtelhund (which means German quail dog in German), is a medium size spaniel type of gun dog that was developed in Germany around 1890.

These dogs are usually brown/red coloured and may have some white marks, they have a wavy coat of hair and look very similar to their cousin, the Field Spaniel.

German Spaniels are rarely kept only as pets as these dogs are almost always used as hunting dogs and, like all spaniel hunting dogs, require a lot of excercise. However, they are usually gentle but brave and can make good pets around people and other dogs if trained at a young age.

German Spaniels are quite rare outside of their native country with only around 100 dogs registered in North America as of 2013.

BBC Sounds

BBC Sounds is a streaming media and audio download service by the BBC. It can be used to listen to live BBC radio broadcasts, on demand audio, and BBC podcasts using the internet. The service is available as a website, and also as an app on many devices, including smartphones, cars, and smart televisions. It has no advertising in the United Kingdom. It started on 25 June 2018, and replaced the old iPlayer Radio app in October 2018. iPlayer Radio ended in September 2019.

East Franconian German

East Franconian () is a dialect which is spoken in Franconia, the northern part of Bavaria and other areas in Germany around Nuremberg, Bamberg, Coburg, Würzburg, Hof, Bayreuth, Meiningen, Bad Mergentheim, and Crailsheim. The other variants are ' (spoken in Lower Franconia and southern Thuringia), ' (spoken in Upper and Middle Franconia) and "" (spoken in some parts of Middle Franconia and Hohenlohe).

The diphthongs of East Franconian is really similar to the Bavarian and Swabian diphthongs. The consonants /p/, /t/, and /k/ gets changed to /b/, /d/, and /g/. For example, the German word "Oberfranken", becomes "Oberfrangn" in East Franconian. The consonant /s/ gets changed to /sch/. Although, this is true, there are some words that are acceptable. For example, the German word "Nordosten", becomes "Norddossdn" in East Franconian. Another noticeable change is the German -"erg", -"berg", or -"burg" gets changed to -"ärch", -"bärch", or -"urch" in East Franconian. The diphthong similar to Bavarian and Swabian is the German "-ür" or -"für" gets changed to -"ia" or -"fia", or sometimes -"är". The German -"heim" becomes "-ham" in East Franconian. The vowel /a/ sometimes gets changed to /o/ or with a special /o/ like /ô/ or sometimes the opposite in East Franconian. 



Streaming media

Streaming media is multimedia where the user receives the media constantly using a platform over the Internet. Some examples are Netflix and Amazon Prime Video for movies and television series; and Spotify and Apple Music for music and other audio.

West Central German

West Central German () is a variant to the Central and High German dialect family in the German language.


Lobo (web series)

Lobo is an American adult web cartoon featuring Lobo. Like the comics, it is filled with strong language, sexual content and graphic violence. It aired online from June 15th, 2000 to October 2000.


Dermot Kennedy

Dermot Joseph Kennedy (born 13 December 1991) is a musician and singer-songwriter from the Republic of Ireland. He is most famous for his 2019 single "Outnumbered".

Kennedy was born in Rathcoole, a village in County Dublin. He is a big fan of football and supports English club Manchester United.

His auntie is TV personality Mary Kennedy.

He started playing guitar when he was 10 years old and started writing songs when he was 14. When he was 17, he began busking in Dublin. He also used to travel to Boston in the United States to perform. As a teenager, Kennedy was invited to open for Glen Hansard, an Irish folk singer.

Kennedy didn't become a well known artist until he was in his mid-20s. He reached fame with his single "Outnumbered", released in 2019, which reached number 6 in the UK Singles Chart.

Some of his other well known songs include:




Giants (Dermot Kennedy song)

"Giants" is a song by Dermot Kennedy, a musician and singer-songwriter from the Republic of Ireland. It was released on the 24 June 2020 by Riggins, Interscope and Island.

The song was written by Stephen Kozmeniuk, Scott Harris and Kennedy himself and peaked at number one on the Irish Singles Chart.

In an interview, Kennedy said that it is a song he'd had for a while before it was released.

Voices of Spring (1952 movie)

Voices of Spring (German: Frühlingsstimmen) is a 1952 Austrian musical movie directed by Hans Thimig and starring Paul Hörbiger, Hans Jaray, Senta Wengraf, Fritz von Friedl, Susi Nicoletti, Christl Mardayn, Adrienne Gessner.

East Central German

East Central German () is the variant of the Central German language. East Central German dialects are mainly spoken in Central Germany and parts of Brandenburg.

The other dialects and subgroups of East Central German:



Archive.today

archive.today is a website that archives web pages on the internet.

When archiving, archive.today saves websites in 2 ways, the first being "Webpage", in which all of the web page is archived and every part of the original web page can be viewed. The second way is "Screenshot", which only takes a large image of the website, in 1024p. 

archive.today was founded in 2012, and used that site as its main URL, later adopting websites "archive.is", "archive.vn", "archive.fo", "archive.li", "archive.md", and "archive.ph".

In 2015, the site changed from "archive.today" to "archive.is", but was changed back to "archive.today" in January 2019.

Man – Woman Wanted

Man - Woman Wanted () is a 1973 Polish comedy movie directed by Stanisław Bareja and starring Wojciech Pokora, Jolanta Bohdal, Maria Chwalibóg, Wiesław Gołas.


The Clockmaker

The Clockmaker (, also known as The Clockmaker of St. Paul and The Watchmaker of St. Paul) is a 1974 French crime drama movie directed by first time director Bertrand Tavernier and was based on the 1954 novel "L'Horloger d'Everton" by Georges Simenon. It stars Philippe Noiret, Jean Rochefort, Jacques Denis, Yves Afonso, Julien Bertheau, Jacques Hilling.


Salt of the Black Earth

Salt of the Black Earth () is a 1970 Polish drama movie directed by Kazimierz Kutz and starring Olgierd Łukaszewicz, Jan Englert, Daniel Olbrychski, Jerzy Bińczycki, Jerzy Cnota.

Karjolsteinen

Karjolsteinen (The Carriage Stone) is a 1977 Norwegian drama movie directed by Knut Andersen and was based on the novel of the same name by Sigbjørn Hølmebakk. It stars Marit Grønhaug, Sverre Anker Ousdal, Erik Øksnes, Grethe Ryan, Arne Lindtner Næss.


The Last Day of Summer

The Last Day of Summer () is a 1958 Polish romantic drama movie directed by Tadeusz Konwicki and starring Irena Laskowska, Jan Machulski.


Ryota Morioka

Morioka was born in Hyogo Prefecture on April 12, 1991. After graduating from Kumiyama High School, he joined J1 League club Vissel Kobe in 2010. He played many matches from 2011. In January 2016, he moved to Polish Ekstraklasa club Śląsk Wrocław. In June 2017, he moved to Belgian First Division A club Waasland-Beveren. In January 2018, he moved to Anderlecht. In January 2019, he moved to Charleroi.

On September 5, 2014, Morioka debuted for the Japan national team against Uruguay. He played 5 games for Japan until 2018.

131||17||7||5||23||5||colspan="2"|-||161||27
51||15||2||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||53||15
81||20||6||2||colspan="2"|-||3||0||90||22
263||52||15||7||23||5||3||0||304||64

!Total||5||0

Ryosuke Mizumachi

Ryosuke Mizumachi (born 10 September 1981) is a retired Japanese basketball player. He used to play for Akita Northern Happinets.

! style="text-align:center;" colspan=2| Career 
! 526|| || 12.5|| 39.1|| 27.9|| 58.6|| 1.4|| 1.2|| 0.6|| 0.0||2.1


Anna May Wong

Anna May Wong (born Wong Liu-tsong; January 3, 1905 – February 3, 1961) was an American movie actress. She was the leading Chinese American Hollywood movie star of the pre-WWII era. 
She was the first Chinese American actress to get international recognition. She worked on silent film, sound film, television, theatre, and radio.

Wong played the title character of Fu Manchu's vengeful daughter in "Daughter of the Dragon" (1931). Though she was given the starring role, this status was not reflected in her paycheck: she was paid $6,000, while the male lead Hayakawa got $10,000. Warner Oland, who was only in the film for 23 minutes, was paid $12,000.

Wong began using her newfound celebrity to make political statements: late in 1931, for example, she wrote a harsh criticism of the Mukden Incident and Japan's invasion of Manchuria.

The Anna May Wong Award of Excellence is given yearly at the Asian-American Arts Awards; the annual award given out by the Asian Fashion Designers group was also named after Wong in 1973.

Yu Kobayashi

Kobayashi was born in Machida on September 23, 1987. When he played for Takushoku University, he also played for J2 League club Mito HollyHock in 2008. After graduating from the university, he joined J1 League club Kawasaki Frontale in 2010. He became a regular player from 2011. In 2017, Kawasaki won the J1 champions first time in the club history. He also became a top scorer with 23 goals and was selected MVP award. Kawasaki won the J1 champions in 2018 and 2020.

On October 10, 2014, Kobayashi debuted for the Japan national team against Jamaica. He played 14 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2018.

291||120||23||8||37||12||25||10||376||150
291||120||23||8||37||12||25||10||376||150

!Total||14||2

Tatsuya Sakai

Sakai was born in Fukuoka on November 19, 1990. When he played for National Institute of Fitness and Sports in Kanoya, he also joined J1 League club Sagan Tosu in 2012. He also played for Matsumoto Yamaga FC (2015), V-Varen Nagasaki (2016) and Oita Trinita (2017) on loan. In 2018, he moved to Montedio Yamagata and played for the club in 2 season. In 2020, he moved to Thai League 1 club Samut Prakan City.

On September 5, 2014, Sakai debuted for the Japan national team against Uruguay.

51||0||12||2||16||2||79||4
51||0||12||2||16||2||79||4

!Total||1||0

The Deluge (movie)

The Deluge () is a 1974 Polish Russian Lithuanian drama movie directed by Jerzy Hoffman and was based on the 1886 novel of the same name by Henryk Sienkiewicz. It stars Daniel Olbrychski, Małgorzata Braunek, Władysław Hańcza, Leszek Teleszyński, Bruno O'Ya, Kazimierz Wichniarz, Krzysztof Kowalewski and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1975.

Yusuke Minagawa

Minagawa was born in Tokyo on October 9, 1991. After graduating from Chuo University, he joined J1 League club Sanfrecce Hiroshima in 2014. He played many matches as substitute forward from first season. In 2018, he moved to J2 League club Roasso Kumamoto on loan. He played as regular player and scored 11 goals. In 2019, he returned to Hiroshima. However he could hardly play in the match. In July 2019, he moved to J2 club Yokohama FC. He played many matches and Yokohama was promoted to J1 from 2020. In 2021, he moved to Vegalta Sendai.

On September 5, 2014, Minagawa debuted for the Japan national team against Uruguay.

151||20||12||6||12||1||11||2||186||29
151||20||12||6||12||1||11||2||186||29

!Total||1||0

Váli

Váli is the name of two figures in Norse mythology:


Takashi Usami

Usami was born in Nagaokakyo on May 6, 1992. He joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka in 2009. He played many matches from the 2010 season and was selected "J.League Rookie of the Year award". In July 2011, he moved to German Bundesliga club Bayern Munich on loan. However there were few opportunities to play. In summer 2011, he moved to Hoffenheim on loan. In June 2013, he returned to Gamba in J2 League. He scored 19 goals in 18 matches and Gamba was promoted to J1 end of the 2013 season. In 2014, Gamba won all three major title in Japan; J1 League, J.League Cup and Emperor's Cup. He was also selected Best Eleven in 2014 and 2015. In July 2016, he moved to Germany again and joined Bundesliga club Augsburg. In 2018, he moved to 2. Bundesliga club Fortuna Düsseldorf. Düsseldorf was promoted to Bundesliga end of the 2017/18 season. In June 2019, he returned to Gamba.

In October 2009, Usami was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2009 U-17 World Cup and played all 3 matches. In July 2012, he was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played 4 matches and Japan won the 4th place. On March 27, 2015, he debuted for the Japan national team against Tunisia. In 2018, he was selected the Japan for 2018 World Cup. He played 2 matches and Japan qualified to the knockout stage. He played 27 games and scored 3 goals for Japan until 2019.

182||67||16||13||16||6||28||8||242||94
81||11||5||1||colspan="2"|-||1||0||87||12
263||78||21||14||16||6||29||8||329||106

!Total||27||3

Wataru Endo

Endo was born in Yokohama on February 9, 1993. He joined J1 League club Shonan Bellmare in 2010. Shonan was relegated to J2 League end of the 2010 season. He played many matches as center back from 2011. Shonan played in J1 in 2013 and 2015. In 2016, he moved to Urawa Reds. He played many matches as center back. Urawa won the 2nd place in 2016 J1 League. In 2017, Urawa won the champions in the 2017 AFC Champions League. In July 2018, he moved to Belgian First Division A club Sint-Truidense. In August 2019, he moved to German 2. Bundesliga club Stuttgart. Stuttgart was promoted to Bundesliga in 2020.

In July 2015, Endo was selected the Japan national team for 2015 East Asian Cup. At this tournament, he debuted against North Korea on August 2. In 2016, he played for the Japan U-23 national team at 2016 AFC U-23 Championship. Japan won the champions and qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics. At 2016 Summer Olympics, he played all 3 matches as defensive midfielder. In 2018, he was selected the Japan for 2018 World Cup, but he did not play in the match. In 2019, he participated 2019 Asian Cup. He played 5 matches and Japan won the 2nd place.

Shonan Bellmare

Urawa Red Diamonds

Japan U23

Japan
Individual


Adebisi Akande

Abdukareem Adebisi Bamdele "Bisi" Akande (born 16 January 1939) is a Nigerian politician of Yoruba heritage. He was the Governor of Osun State from the year 1999 to 2003.

Faghiheh Soltani

Faghiheh Soltani ( ; August 20, 1974) is an Iranian actress.

She started her acting career on cinema in 1994 by starring in the movie "The Blue-Veiled" directed by Rakhshan Banietemad. 

She has acted in many movies and series.In the historical movie The Death Story of Sohrab, she played the role of Tahmineh, Sohrab's mother.

Boettger's Colombian tree frog

The Boettger's Colombian tree frog ("Dendropsophus columbianus") is a frog that lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 950 and 2300 meters above sea level.

Scientists have seen this frog in areas that used to be cloud forests before human beings changed them. They have seen the frog hiding in agave plants during the day and by pools of water at night.

Hiroki Fujiharu

Fujiharu was born in Higashiosaka on November 28, 1988. After graduating from Osaka University of Health and Sport Sciences, he joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka in 2011. Although he became a regular as left side back from 2012, Gamba was relegated to J2 League end of the 2012 season. In 2013, Gamba won the champions and was returned to J1 in a year. In 2014, the club won all three major title in Japan; J1 League, J.League Cup and Emperor's Cup.

On March 27, 2015, Fujiharu debuted for the Japan national team against Tunisia. He played 3 games for Japan in 2015. In 2016, he was selected the Japan U-23 national team as over aged player for 2016 Summer Olympics. He played 2 matches as left side back.

276||12||24||0||30||1||23||0||353||13
276||12||24||0||30||1||23||0||353||13

!Total||3||0

E! (Canadian TV channel)

E! is a Canadian English language television channel owned by Bell Media. Based on the American cable network of the same name, E! is focused on entertainment programming. This includes news, movies, television, celebrities and fashion. NBCUniversal usesthe name and programming for the channel under a brand licensing agreement. Ot does npt own either.

The network was launched in 1999 as Star!. It was under the ownership of CHUM Limited. In 2010, the channel reached a deal to license the name and branding of the U.S. E! network (after being CH for s short time).

2021 in association football deaths

This is a list of association football related deaths in 2021:








August 2: Antonio de la Torre Villalpando, footballer (Pumas UNAM, Club América, Club Puebla, Atlas, Mexico)


Toho Company, Ltd.

Toho Company, Ltd. (東宝株式会社. "Tōhō Kabushiki-Kaisha") is a Japanese film studio. It is headquartered in Chiyoda, Tokyo, and is one of the core companies of the Hankyu Hanshin Toho Group. In the West, it is best known as the producer of many and movies, the films of , and the anime films of , as well as the Pokémon movies.

The company's most famous creation, the , was created by .

It’s one of Japan's four major film studios.

Toho was founded by the Hankyu Railway in 1932 as the Tokyo-Takarazuka Theater Company by industrialist Ichizō Kobayashi. It managed much of the kabuki in Tokyo and, among other properties, the Tokyo Takarazuka Theater and the Imperial Garden Theater in Tokyo; Toho and Shochiku enjoyed a duopoly over theaters in Tokyo for many years. After several successful film exports to the United States during the 1950s, Toho opened the in Los Angeles to show its own films without selling to a distributor. It was known as the Toho Theatre from the late 1960s until the 1970s. Toho also had a theater in San Francisco and opened a theater in New York in 1963.

The Shintoho Company was so named "New Toho" because it broke off from Toho.

They have contributed to the production of some American films, including Sam Raimi's .

Takuma Asano

Asano was born in Komono, Mie on November 10, 1994. After graduating from Yokkaichi Chuo Technical High School, he joined J1 League club Sanfrecce Hiroshima in 2013. He played many matches from 2014. In 2015, Hiroshima won the champions. He was also selected "Best Young Player award". In August 2016, he moved to German 2. Bundesliga club Stuttgart and played in 2 seasons. Stuttgart was promoted to Bundesliga end of the 2016/17 season. In 2018, he moved to Hannover. However Hannover was relegated to 2. Bundesliga end of the 2018/19 season. In 2019, he moved to Serbian SuperLiga club Partizan.

In July 2015, Asano was selected the Japan national team for 2015 East Asian Cup. At this tournament, he debuted against North Korea on August 2. In 2016, he played for the Japan U-23 national team at 2016 AFC U-23 Championship. Japan won the champions and qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics. At 2016 Summer Olympics, he played all 3 matches and score 2 goals.

61||12||10||4||7||4||10||3||88||23
54||5||6||1||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||60||6
23||4||4||2||colspan="2"|-||10||3||37||9
138||21||20||7||7||4||20||6||185||38

!Total||22||4

Abelmoschus

Abelmoschus is a botanical genus with 15 species that belongs to the Malvaceae family.

Yuki Muto

Muto was born in Zama on November 7, 1988. After graduating from Ryutsu Keizai University, he joined J1 League club Vegalta Sendai in 2011. In March 2011, 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami occurred in wide area including Sendai. However Vegalta won the 4th place in 2011 and the 2nd place in 2012. In 2014, he moved to Urawa Reds. Urawa won the 2nd place in the 2016 J1 League. In 2017, Urawa won the champions in the 2017 AFC Champions League. Urawa also won the 2nd place in the 2019 AFC Champions League.

In July 2015, Muto was selected the Japan national team for 2015 East Asian Cup. At this tournament, he debuted and scored a goal against North Korea on August 2. During this tournament, he played 2 matches and scored 2 goal and became a top scorer.

250||47||24||6||32||4||35||8||341||65
250||47||24||6||32||4||35||8||341||65

!Total||2||2

Amaranth purple

Amaranth is a red ish-rose color that is a representation of the color of the flower of the amaranth plant. 

The color amaranth pink is shown. This color is the color of pink amaranth flowers.

The first use of "amaranth pink" as a color name in English was in 1905. 
The Crayola crayon color radical red is shown at right.

The color "radical red", which is also called bright amaranth pink was made by Crayola in 1990.

This color is fluorescent, but there is no way to show fluorescence on a computer screen. 
The color amaranth purple is shown. This color is what color purple amaranth are.

Amaranth deep purple is a type of amaranth. 
Alizarin is a type of amaranth.

Shogo Taniguchi

Taniguchi was born in Kumamoto on July 15, 1991. After graduating from University of Tsukuba, he joined J1 League club Kawasaki Frontale in 2014. He played many matches as center back from first season. In 2017, Kawasaki won the J1 champions first time in the club history. Kawasaki also won the J1 champions in 2018 and 2020.

On June 11, 2015, Taniguchi debuted for the Japan national team against Iraq. He played 3 games for Japan until 2017.

226||17||17||2||31||2||23||2||297||23
226||17||17||2||31||2||23||2||297||23

!Total||3||0

Jane Wu

Wu Jingxuan () or Jane Wu, formerly known as Hu Mengyuan () or Melrose Hu, is an Chinese actress, producer born on September 5, 1989, Liaoning, China.

After moving to Hollywood, she changed her names to Jane Wu and Wu Jingxuan, and produced and appeared in several movies.

Kyle Stanger

Kyle Stanger (born 7 January 1997) is a British actor. He voiced Lumpy the Heffalump in "Pooh's Heffalump Movie".

Merthyr Tydfil

Merthyr Tydfil (), also called just Merthyr, is a town in Merthyr Tydfil County Borough, a principal area of Wales. According to a 2018 estimate, 60,183 people live there.

It is located 20.25 miles (32.59 km) north north-east of Cardiff, the capital city.

It is the largest town and the county town of Merthyr Tydfil County Borough and is in the preserved county of Mid Glamorgan. It is one of Wales' biggest towns.

Between 1948 and 2009, appliance manufacturer Hoover had a washing machine factory operating there. 

In 1891, 68.4% of people who lived in the town said they could speak Welsh. In 2011, the number had fell to just 8.9%. English is the most spoken language there. 

Merthyr Tydfil has a train station. It is on the Merthyr line from Cardiff Central. There is also a large bus station there.

Merthyr Tydfil has a football team called Merthyr Town FC. They were founded in 2010 after an older team, Merthyr Tydfil FC, had dissolved. Even though they are a Welsh team, they play in England's leagues. Their home stadium is Penydarren Park.

Merthyr Tydfil is twinned with:

Embedded Linux

Embedded Linux is a Linux distribution that is highly integrated into systems. Some applications could be auto-path finding in RC hobby airplanes, to monitoring mass production of products. For further info on this, see Linux.

2021 Atlanta spa shootings

The 2021 Atlanta spa shootings happened in suburbs around Atlanta, Georgia in the United States in 2021. A man shot and killed eight people at three spas on March 16, starting just before 5:00 p.m. A suspect, Robert Aaron Long, was caught south of the city that night. The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation and local police are investigating the crime.

Long shot four people at Young's Asian Massage. Two of them died there and two others died later at a hospital. He shot three more people at Gold Spa. He shot another person at Aroma Therapy Massage.

Of the eight people Long shot, seven were women and one was a man. Six of the eight people were Asian women; the other two were white. Four of the people were Koreans or Korean-Americans. Long shot a ninth person, a Hispanic man, but he did not die.

Some of the victims have been identified publicly.

Robert Aaron Long was arrested by police about 150 miles south of Atlanta. Long was 21 years old at the time. He is white. He is from Woodstock, Georgia. People from the Atlanta Police Department say they have video evidence showing Long could be the shooter. The Atlanta Police also say Long confessed to the crime.

Authorities charged Long with eight counts of murder. His church, Crabapple First Baptist Church, threw him out as well.

If authorities believe that Long killed the people because he hates Asians, he could be charged with a hate crime, which means he would spend more time in prison. Georgia passed a hate crime bill in 2020 after the killing of Ahmaud Arbery. The United States has had many more crimes against Asians than usual since the COVID-19 pandemic began in 2019. After the spa shootings, many Asian Americans held up signs and posted on the Internet "Stop Asian Hate."

Long told the police that he did not shoot the people because he hates Asians. He said he had sex addiction. The police said he shot the people because he thought of the massage parlors as a place that tempted him to have sex.

In an interview for the media, Captain Jay Baker from the Sheriff's Office said that Long had been having "a really bad day" and was "at the end of his rope" when he shot the people. Many people said this was a bad thing to say because it sounded like he was making excuses for the killer. Sheriff Frank Reynolds apologized: "We regret any heartache Captain Baker's words may have caused."

Merthyr Tydfil railway station

Merthyr Tydfil railway station () is a train station in Merthyr Tydfil, a town in Wales. It opened in 1853.

Managed by Transport for Wales, it is the northern end of the Merthyr line that connects it to Cardiff Central. 

It is a small station and only has one platform. 

The station has a train every half hour to and from Cardiff Central on weekdays and Saturdays. Trains to Cardiff usually continue past the city and end at Barry Island or Bridgend.

Carmarthen

Carmarthen () is a community and town in Carmarthenshire in South West Wales. In 2019, it was found that 16,285 people live there.

It is Carmarthenshire's county town, but the largest town in Llanelli.

The town's name in Welsh means "Merlin's fort" or "Sea-town fort".

It is said to be Wales' oldest town after "Old Carmarthen" and "New Carmarthen" became one borough in 1546.

It has a castle, Carmarthen Castle.

Carmarthen railway station is an important junction train station on the West Wales line. 

Carmarthen is twinned with:

Heysel Stadium disaster

The Heysel Stadium disaster (; ; ; ; ; ; ) was a human stampede that occurred on 25 May 1985, when Juventus fans escaping from a breach by Liverpool fans were pressed against a collapsing wall in the Heysel Stadium in Brussels, Belgium, before the start of the 1985 European Cup Final. 39 people were killed and 600 were injured in the confrontation.

The tragedy resulted in all English football clubs being banned indefinitely by the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) from all European competitions (lifted in 1990–91), with Liverpool being excluded for an additional three years. The Liverpool ban would later be reduced from 3 years to 1 year. 14 Liverpool fans would be found guilty of manslaughter and each sentenced to three years' imprisonment. The disaster was later described as "the darkest hour in the history of the UEFA competitions".

Of the 39 people killed, 32 were Italian (including two minors), four Belgian, two French, and one from Northern Ireland.


Gen Shoji

Shoji was born in Kobe on December 11, 1992. After graduating from Yonago Kita High School, he joined J1 League club Kashima Antlers in 2011. He became a regular player as center back from the 2014 season. In 2016, Antlers won the champions in J1 League and qualified for 2016 Club World Cup as host country champions. At Club World Cup, he played all 4 matches and won the 2nd place. In 2018, Antlers won the champions in AFC Champions League first Asian title in the club history. In January 2019, he moved to French Ligue 1 club Toulouse. In February 2020, he returned to Japan and joined Gamba Osaka.

In January 2015, Shoji was selected the Japan national team for 2015 Asian Cup, but he did not play in the match. On March 31, he debuted for the Japan against Uzbekistan. In 2018, he was selected the Japan for 2018 World Cup. He played 3 matches as center back with Maya Yoshida and Japan qualified to the knockout stage. He played 18 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 2018.

175||8||15||2||20||1||22||0||232||11
19||0||2||0||0||0||colspan="2"|-||21||0
194||8||17||2||20||1||22||0||253||11

!Total||18||1

Sirhind Canal

The Sirhind Canal is a large irrigation canal that carries water from the Sutlej River in Punjab, India. It is one of the oldest and biggest irrigation works in the Indus river system, and began carrying water in 1882 CE. The Sirhind Canal begins at Ropar and heads southwest to Doraha in Ludhiana district. The canal further subdivides many times to irrigate a large part of the Malwa region of Punjab.

Kounu

Kounu (, ) is a goddess in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). She is a wife of God Koubru. She is the guardian of the northern direction. Kounu has two homes. Her main home is on Mount Kounu. Her other home is in Mount Koubru, which is where her husband Koubru lives. She is worshipped with Koubru as the deities of the "Khullakpa" (village chief). Kounu and Koubru ruled Ancient Manipur for a very long time after the reign of King Ningthou Puthiba.

Kounu is one of the gods who change climates and weather. Her husband Koubru and her son Loyalakpa are also weather deities. Meitei people believe that if the annual rainfall is good, then it is caused by goddess Kounu. When goddess Kounu changes the climate, there will be hardly any flood. Crop yields are good in Kounu's activities.

Kounu met God Koubru for the first time when she was searching for cotton plants in the western slopes of Mount Koubru. The two fell in love at first sight. Kounu asked Koubru to bring her all kinds of fruit for the marriage proposal. She said she would not agree to marry him if he failed to do so. So, on a Saturday, God Koubru had a meeting with all the gods and goddesses of hills and plains. They all prepared for fruits of all sorts. They planned to proceed to the marriage proposal on the next day, Sunday.

On the next day's before sunrise, goddesses brought the fruits to Kounu's place. Male gods also came with Koubru to the place. The gods found two fruits missing, heikru (Indian gooseberry) and Heining. Then, Kounu rejected the marriage proposal. At this, Koubru told her that she would have a daughter because she had gotten pregnant the last time they had met. Then the other male gods got angry because of Kounu's excessively reserved marriage proposal conditions while she was already conceived. They put a curse on Kounu's baby, saying she would be born on a stone slab on the baby's next incarnation. The goddesses were about to curse the baby to be turned into flower during birth, but they didn't as Kounu had been punished enough. Feeling embarrassed, Kounu also cursed that all the gifts to be turned into stones on the very sunrise. Soon, as the sun rose up, all the gifts turned into stones.

Kounu gave birth to a daughter named "Leisna" ("Laisna, Leisana, Laisana"). When her daughter grew up, she asked Kounu about her father, and Kounu told her. Leisna asked to go to her father's place to meet him. Kounu let her go. On her way, Leisna met Pakhangba. They became lovers. Later, they married. Since Leisna was a mortal, she died when her time of death came.

Goddess Kounu and God Koubru lived together. Once goddess Leimarel Sidabi decided to incarnate herself as the daughter of the two. So, Leimarel incarnated herself into a baby infant girl. On the very day, Kounu and Koubru were walking on a hilly region. God Koubru got very thirsty. He found Kounu's pitcher empty. Unable to bear his thirst, he went down the riverside to drink water. Surprisingly, he found a newly born girl lying on a stone slab of the river bed. Koubru shouted three times if there was anyone for the baby girl. No one responded. So, Koubru and Kounu brought the girl to their abode. The two adopted the girl as their own daughter. They gave her three names. The baby was named "Ipok Leima" ("Eepok Leima") because she was found in the stream. The baby was also named "Thoudu Nungthel Leima" because she was found lying on the stone slab. The baby was given her final name as "Taipang Nganpi" ("Taibang Nganbi") because she was beautiful as well as bright.

Once Kounu was asked by her son Loyalakpa about the true origin of Thoudu Nungthel Leima. Loyalakpa was suspicious if Thoudu Nungthel Leima was really his real sister or not. Koubru had already warned Kounu not to reveal the secret of Thoudu Nungthel Leima to their son. So, at first, Kounu lied to him. But at Loyalakpa's grudge, she decided to tell him the truth. But since both Mother Kounu and Son Loyalakpa were at Koubru's abode, she dared not to speak anything about it. She feared Koubru might heard of it. With permission from Koubru, Kounu and her son Loyalakpa went to her abode. It was the safe place to reveal the truth. Kounu narrated Loyalakpa how she and Koubru found Thoudu Nungthel Leima lying on a stone slab in the river. She revealed that Thoudu Nungthel Leima was actually their adopted daughter and not real by birth. 
Later, Kounu's son Loyalakpa and Kounu's adopted daughter "Thoudu Nungthel Leima" married.

Goddess Kounu and her husband God Koubru are worshipped in many cults and shrines of Manipur. Some are located in Mayang Langjing, Awang Khunnou, Senjam, Chirang, Loitang Khunnou, Tingri, Koutruk, Awang Potsangbam, Sairem Khul, Kameng, Sarouthel, Lairel Sajik, Lairel Kaabi, Heibongpokpi, Nongchup Sanjenbam, Tauthong, Haorang Keithel, Haorang Saabal, Kwak Siphai, Narelkonjin, Thamnapokpi, Awang Sekmai, Leimram, Phumlou Keiroi, Phumlou Siphai, Potsangbam Thouriphi, Samushang, Keinou Thongthak, Khonghampat, Akham, Morok Ingkhol, Lambaal Khul, Phayeng, Haujongban, Awang Keingam, Khurkhul and Leikinthabi.
According to Meitei culture, Goddess Kounu and God Koubru are the protectress and the protector of the said places.

King Baudouin Stadium

The King Baudouin Stadium (, ) is a sports stadium in the Heysel section of Brussels, Belgium.

The original name of the stadium was the Jubilee Stadium (, ). This is because it was inaugurated days after Belgium's 100th anniversary, with an unofficial Belgium-Netherlands football match. In 1946 the stadium was renamed Heysel Stadium (French: "Stade du Heysel", Dutch: "Heizelstadion"), after the area it was built in. The Heysel stadium hosted European Cup finals in 1958, 1966, 1974, and 1985, and UEFA Cup Winners' Cup finals in 1964, 1976 and 1980. The highest attendance at a European game was over 66,000 in 1958.

Even though it was Belgium's national stadium, Heysel was not well maintained. The stadium's poor condition became apparent at the 1985 European Cup Final. For example, the outer wall had been made of cinder block, and fans who did not have tickets were seen kicking holes in it to get in. Additionally, the only escape route led upward, and there were only three gates on each short side–nowhere near enough for the 22,000 people standing on the terraces on either side.

The stadium's inadequacies had been well known for some time. When Arsenal played there in the early 1980s, its supporters ridiculed it as a "dump." Indeed, the presidents of the two 1985 European finalists, Juventus and Liverpool, had concluded that Heysel was in no condition to host a European Final, especially one featuring two of the largest and most powerful clubs in Europe at the time. They urged UEFA to move the match to another ground, to no avail. It later emerged that UEFA had only spent half an hour inspecting the stadium.

The Heysel Stadium disaster resulted in the deaths of 39 Juventus fans, after they were attacked by Liverpool fans before the match. Despite this, the stadium continued to be used for Belgium international games between 1986 and 1990, with minimal improvements to the stadium made after the disaster. This was mainly because the government had drawn up plans to remodel the stadium into a 35,000-seat facility. In 1990, UEFA forced the issue by barring Belgium from hosting a European Final until at least 2000. It continued to host track and field events and it still hosts the Memorial Van Damme every year.

In 1995, the stadium was rebuilt at the cost of BEF 1,500 million (around €37/$50 million in 1995). The stadium was also renamed to the King Baudouin Stadium, after the former Belgian king. It was re-opened on August 23, 1995, as the home of the Belgium national football team. It is the largest stadium in Belgium, with a capacity of 50,093. The remodeled stadium hosted the 1996 European Cup Winners Cup final, as well as the opening game for Euro 2000.

In March of 2019 the Belgian football association announced plans for a new redevelopment of the King Baudouin stadium. The stadium would be rebuilt to a reduced capacity of 40,000 spectators, and would be renamed to the Golden Generation Arena.



Central German

Central German () is a variant of two subgroups, West Central German and East Central German. Central German is spoken in Berlin, Bonn, Cologne, Düsseldorf, and Frankfurt.

Lai Haraoba

"Lai Haraoba" (, ) is an annual ritualistic sacred music and dance festival, celebrated by the Meitei ethnicity, to please the Umang Lais (Sylvan deities) and the Lam Lais (Countryside deities) of Sanamahism, the Meitei religion, especially in the Indian state of Manipur.

The following are the dance forms included in the sacred festival of Lai Haraoba. 


Thuringian dialect

Thuringian is an East Central German dialect group spoken in Thuringia, southwestern Saxony-Anhalt, Hesse, and Bavaria.

The subgroups of Thuringian:


Other variants:


Upper Saxon German

Upper Saxon (, ; ) is an dialect spoken in Saxony, southeastern Saxony-Anhalt, and eastern Thuringia. Though called "Saxon", it is not to be confused with Low Saxon. Upper Saxon is linked to the Thuringian dialect.

The subgroups for Upper Saxon German. 

North Upper Saxon

North Upper Saxon () is a dialect spoken in Eastern Germany. It divides up to Upper Saxon German, Lausitzisch-neumärkisch dialects, Thuringian, and Brandenburgisch. It is spoken around Leipzig.

Numit Kappa

"Numit Kappa " () is an ancient Manipuri epic poetry, based on the saga of the adventure of a hero, who shot one of the two Suns, shining in the sky, to create the night. It has a strong basis on the Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Manipur.


UEFA Europa Conference League

The UEFA Europa Conference League (abbreviated as UECL) is a football club competition that is held by UEFA. Clubs qualify for the competition based on their performance in their national leagues and cup competitions. It is the third tier of European club football, after the Champions League and the Europa League.

Silesian German

Silesian (Silesian: "Schläsisch", "Schläs’sch", "Schlä’sch", "Schläsch", German: "Schlesisch") or Silesian German is a nearly extinct dialect spoken in Silesia.

Andrew Neil

Andrew Ferguson Neil (born 21 May 1949) is a Scottish conservative journalist and broadcaster. He was (until until 13 September 2021) the chairman of the television news channel GB News, which started in 2021. He used to work for the BBC.

High Prussian dialect

High Prussian () is a variant of East Central German dialects that was previously spoken in East Prussia and Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship. It is currently spoken in Poland.

Quadriga

A quadriga is a vehicle, with one pole in the center, that is pulled by four horses (or other animals). Unlike modern carriages, the horses are all next to each other and none are in front of the others. The name is a contraction of "quatuor" ('four') and "iugum" ('joke'). Long ago, quadrigae were common in horse racing. Some chariots were also quadrigae. 

Rhode Island's 1st congressional district

Rhode Island's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in Rhode Island. Democrat Gabe Amo is the representative.

English independence

English independence is a political stance that wants England to leave the United Kingdom and be an independent country. 

Since the Acts of Union 1707 when it united with Scotland to make the United Kingdom of Great Britain, England has not been an independent country or had any autonomy.

The idea of an independent England is very old and dates back centuries but it has grown in the last few years since Welsh independence and Scottish independence movements have gained large support. Political parties such as the English Democrats and English Independence Party have been founded in the 21st century and want English independence.

There has also been paramilitary groups, such as the English People's Liberation Army, who fought for independence. In 1983, the group claimed they were to blame for a parcel bomb sent to the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament's headquarters.

There have also been calls for an English Parliament, instead of full independence as England is the only country in the UK to not have its own legislature.

If England did manage to gain independence, estimates say that it'd have the world's 5th biggest economy and would be the 15th richest country in the world.

Scottish independence

Scottish independence (; ) is a political stance that wants Scotland to leave the United Kingdom and be an independent sovereign state.

Scotland has not been an independent country since the Acts of Union 1707. At that time, the kingdom of Scotland united with the kingdom of England to make the United Kingdom of Great Britain. Scotland and has been unified with England ever since.

Ideas of an independent Scotland were first made in the 19th century but were initially only calls for home rule within the United Kingdom. Ideas of a fully independent Scotland have became bigger in the late 20th and 21st century. The Scottish National Party, a party that wants full independence, have won a large number of seats in recent elections, showing the growth of the idea.

In September 2014, a Scottish independence referendum was held. 1,617,989 (44.7%) voted for independence and 2,001,926 people (55.3%) voting to stay as a part of the UK. But, since this referendum, the nationalist and independence movements have continued.

The growth in the idea has resulted in increased Welsh independence movements and also English independence movements.


Low Lusatian German

Low Lusatian German (German: "Niederlausitzer Deutsch") is a variant of Central German spoken in northern Saxony and southern Brandenburg.

Some examples of the dialect:

Golden Team

The Golden Team (; also known as the Mighty Magyars, the Magical Magyars, the Magnificent Magyars, or the Marvellous Magyars) refers to the Hungary national football team during the 1950s. It is associated with several notable matches, including the "Match of the Century" against England in 1953. The team inflicted notable defeats on then-footballing world powers England, Uruguay and the Soviet Union. The 1956 Hungarian Revolution caused the breakup of the side. The team is considered by many as one of the greatest Football teams of all time.

Between 1950 and 1956, the team played 50 matches, which included 42 victories, 7 draws and just 1 defeat. The defeat came in the 1954 FIFA World Cup Final against West Germany. Under the Elo rating system they achieved the highest rating recorded by a national side ("2231 points", 30 June 1954), just ahead of 2nd place Germany ("2223 points", 13 July 2014). In 2016, the BBC listed the team as the best international football team in football history.

The team is generally credited for successfully implementing an early form of "Total Football", which would later be used by the Netherlands during the 1970s. 

The following is a list of national football teams ranked by the highest Elo rating they ever reached. The table also includes the highest ranking as well as the lowest rating and ranking reached by each nation. The team that has achieved the highest rank in each confederation is shown in color.






Erzgebirgisch

Erzgebirgisch ( ]; Erzgebirgisch: "Aarzgebèèrgsch" ]) is a dialect. It is spoken in the Erzgebirge in Saxony.

Curious George (TV series)

Curious George is an American children's animated television series based on the eponymous children's book series for PBS Kids featuing Jeff Bennett - the voice of Ted the Man with the Yellow Hat. Frank Welker reprises George's role in the series from the 2006 feature film. The show premiered on PBS on September 4, 2006, and originally ended with nine seasons on April 1, 2015 before returning in 2018.

Equestrian tourism

Equestrian tourism ("horse tourism") is an international sport and active recreation. It includes horseback riding, in which tourists travel on horseback or in carriages, and equipment and food are also transported on horses, carriages or by accompanying transport. Official equestrian tourism events and competitions on the territory of Ukraine are organized by the All-Ukrainian Federation of Equestrian Tourism Techniques "TREK" (NGO "TREK"). Equestrian tourism is a type of green rural tourism.

Equestrian tourism in Ukraine includes the following types:


The longest recorded equestrian tourist route in Ukraine was in 1994. Its distance was 970 km. Participants and organizers were Mykola Dudarenko, Oleg Siperstein, Lada Mikhailova (coach of the equestrian sports section at KSP "Skadovsky"). Only some horses had breeding documents, others were officially "without breed". According to the map of the organizers, the route included arrival at the tomb of Taras Shevchenko in Kaniv and ran from Skadovsk to Senkovka. The group started on June 22 and finished the tour on July 10 (a total of 19 days of travel). On the way back, the horses were transported by car.

Equestrian tourism requires comfortable riding clothes (boots, pants), protective equipment (helmet, reflective elements, including a vest, raincoat), as well as tourist equipment for the organization of life (tent, sleeping bag, mat, utensils, burner, etc. ). Horse equipment includes a comfortable saddle and valtrap, bridle, bridle and trunk, as well as brushes for cleaning the horse, a hoof hook. To organize the rest of the horses you need to take care of the leash or electric shepherd, concentrated feed, water.


Naoyuki Fujita

Fujita was born in Fukuoka Prefecture on June 22, 1987. After graduating from Fukuoka University, he joined J2 League club Sagan Tosu in 2010. He played many matches as defensive midfielder from first season. Tosu won the 2nd place in the 2011 season and was promoted to J1 League first time in the club history. In 2016, he moved to Vissel Kobe. In 2019, he moved to Cerezo Osaka.

In July 2015, Fujita was selected the Japan national team for 2015 East Asian Cup. At this tournament, he debuted against South Korea on August 5.

320||17||21||2||34||2||375||21
320||17||21||2||34||2||375||21

!Total||1||0

A Jungle Book of Regulations

Nie ma róży bez ognia (title in , in reference to two mixed up proverbs – "There is no rose without thorns", and "There is no smoke without the fire") is a 1974 Polish comedy movie directed by Stanisław Bareja. It stars Jerzy Dobrowolski, Jacek Fedorowicz, Stanisław Tym, Stanisława Celińska, Wiesław Gołas, Wojciech Siemion. The movie has been released for the English speaking world with subtitles, under the title: A Jungle Book of Regulations.

University of Bamenda

The University of Bamenda (UBa), also known as (Anglo-Saxon University), is a public university in Bamenda, northwestern Cameroon. The institution was established in 2011. It is the second English language university in Cameroon. It started as a Higher Technical Teachers Training College.

Operacja Himmler

Operacja Himmler (Operation Himmler) is a 1979 Polish World War II movie starring Stanisław Frąckwiak, Wirgiliusz Gryń, Eugeniusz Kujawski, Ryszard Pietruski, Ryszard Kotys, Jerzy Moes.

Masaaki Higashiguchi

Higashiguchi was born in Takatsuki on May 12, 1986. After graduating from Niigata University of Management, he joined J1 League club Albirex Niigata in 2009. Although he injured himself every season, he played many matches from 2010. In 2014, he moved to Gamba Osaka. In 2014, Gamba won all three major titles in Japan; J1 League, J.League Cup and Emperor's Cup.

In 2015, Higashiguchi was selected the Japan national team for 2015 Asian Cup, but he did not play in the match. On August 9, he debuted for the Japan against China at 2015 East Asian Cup. He also participated 2018 World Cup and 2019 Asian Cup, but he did not play in the match.

Gamba Osaka

Japan

Shivers (1981 movie)

Shivers (, "Dreszcze") is a 1981 Polish drama movie directed by Wojciech Marczewski and starring Tomasz Hudziec, Teresa Marczewska, Marek Kondrat, Jerzy Bińczycki, Ryszard Kotys.

Bolognetta

Bolognetta is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Palermo in the Italian region of Sicily.

Lam Lai

A "Lam Lai" () refers to a presiding tutelary deity of a particular region, especially village, in Meitei religion and mythology.
The feminine form of the "Lam Lai" is "Lam Leima".


Yuki Kobayashi

Kobayashi was born in Higashimurayama on April 24, 1992. He joined J2 League club Tokyo Verdy from their youth team in 2010. He played many matches from 2011. In July 2012, he moved to J1 League club Júbilo Iwata. He did not play many matches and Iwata was relegated to J2 end of the 2013 season. He played many matches from 2014 and Iwata was promoted to J1 end of the 2015 season. In August 2016, he moved to Dutch Eredivisie club Heerenveen. He played for the club in 3 seasons. In September 2019, he signed with Belgian First Division A club Waasland-Beveren. In September 2020, he moved to Qatar Stars League club Al-Khor.

On June 7, 2016, Kobayashi debuted for the Japan national team against Bosnia and Herzegovina. He played 8 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 2019.

174||19||9||2||2||0||185||21
92||3||9||0||colspan="2"|-||101||3
21||2||1||0||colspan="2"|-||22||2
287||24||19||2||2||0||308||26

!Total||8||1

Hingchabi

A Hingchabi (, ) is a mythical creature in Meitei mythology, folklore and religion (Sanamahism) of Antique Kangleipak (Ancient Manipur). She has characters similar to those of the vampires as well as the witches.
The terms, "hing" means "raw" and "chaa" means "to eat" in Meitei language (Manipuri language).


The War of the Worlds: Next Century

The War of the Worlds: Next Century () is a 1981 Polish science fiction drama movie directed by Piotr Szulkin and was inspired by the 1897 novel "The War of the Worlds" by H. G. Wells. It stars Roman Wilhelmi, Mariusz Dmochowski, Krystyna Janda.

Yuichi Maruyama

Maruyama was born in Setagaya, Tokyo on June 16, 1989. After graduating from Meiji University, he joined J1 League club FC Tokyo in 2012. However there were few opportunities to play. In 2014, he moved to J2 League club Shonan Bellmare on loan. He played many matches as center back. In 2015, he returned to Tokyo. He played many matches from summer 2015. In July 2019, he moved to Nagoya Grampus.

On October 11, 2016, Maruyama debuted for the Japan national team against Australia. He played 2 games for Japan in 2016.

219||6||10||1||27||1||8||0||264||8
219||6||10||1||27||1||8||0||264||8

!Total||2||0

Hero of the Year (movie)

Hero of the Year () is a 1987 Polish drama movie directed by Feliks Falk and starring Jerzy Stuhr, Piotr Machalica, Marian Opania, Ryszard Kotys, Jerzy Fedorowicz.

Temporal paradox

A temporal paradox, is a time paradox, or time travel paradox. It is a paradox, or logical contradiction, of time and time travel. 

Temporal paradoxes fall into two broad groups. Consistency paradoxes (example: the grandfather paradox) and causal loops. 

A causal loop is a paradox of time travel. It occurs when a future event is the cause of a past event, which in turn is the cause of the future event. Both events then exist in spacetime, but their origin cannot be known.

Other paradoxes of time travel are a variation of the Fermi paradox, and paradoxes of free will that stem from causal loops such as Newcomb's paradox.

Fermi's so-called paradox is not a paradox, just a question. It does not involve logic, just the practical (empirical) fact that stellar distances are so great, and our ability to collect data from other bodies is limited.

List of creatures in Meitei folklore

A host of legendary creatures, animals and mythic humanoids occur in Meitei folklore and Meitei mythology.

Meitei folklore

Meitei folklore or Manipuri folklore refers to the folklore of the Meitei people, the Manipuri language speaking ethnicity, consisting of the folktales and mythology, developed, retold and preserved through several generations.



Yuya Kubo

Kubo was born in Yamaguchi on December 24, 1993. He joined J2 League club Kyoto Sanga FC from their youth team in 2011. Kyoto won the 2nd place in the 2011 Emperor's Cup. In June 2013, he moved to Swiss Super League club Young Boys. He played for the club 104 matches and scored 26 goals. In January 2017, he moved to Belgian First Division A club Gent. He played many matches in 2 seasons. In August 2018, he moved to German Bundesliga club Nürnberg on loan. However Nurnberg was relegated to 2. Bundesliga end of the 2018/19 season. In June 2019, he returned to Gent. In January 2020, he moved to Major League Soccer club FC Cincinnati.

In 2016, Kubo played for the Japan U-23 national team at 2016 AFC U-23 Championship. Japan won the champions and qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics. However he could not participate 2016 Summer Olympics because BSC Young Boys deny his dispatch. On November 11, 2016, Kubo debuted for the Japan national team against Oman. He played 13 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2018.

66||18||3||2||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||69||20
104||26||7||5||colspan="2"|-||22||4||133||35
62||22||4||1||colspan="2"|-||7||2||73||25
22||1||1||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||23||1
19||3||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||19||3
273||70||15||8||0||0||29||6||317||84

!Total||13||2

Avi Wigderson

Avi Wigderson (; born 9 September 1956) is an Israeli mathematician and computer scientist. He is the Herbert H. Maass Professor in the school of mathematics at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey. He won the Abel Prize in 2021 for his work.

László Lovász

László Lovász (; born March 9, 1948) is a Hungarian-American mathematician. He is the professor emeritus at Eötvös Loránd University. He is best known for his work in combinatorics, for which he was awarded the Abel Prize in 2021.

He was the president of the International Mathematical Union from 2007 to 2010 and the president of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences from 2014 to 2020.

Institute for Advanced Study

The Institute for Advanced Study (IAS) is a private school in Princeton, New Jersey, in the United States. It is an independent postdoctoral research center for theoretical research. 

It was the academic home of Albert Einstein, J. Robert Oppenheimer, Hermann Weyl, John von Neumann, and Kurt Gödel.

Hermann Weyl

Hermann Klaus Hugo Weyl, (; 9 November 1885 – 8 December 1955) was a German mathematician, theoretical physicist and philosopher. He worked at the University of Göttingen and at the Institute for Advanced Study. He was known for his works focusing on wormholes and general relativity.

Samia Suluhu Hassan

Samia Suluhu Hassan (born 27 January 1960) is a Tanzanian CCM politician. She is the 6th President of Tanzania since 2021. She became president following the death of president John Magufuli on 17 March 2021. Suluhu is the country's first female president.

She became Tanzania's first female vice-President following the 2015 General election, after being elected on the CCM ticket along with president John Magufuli.

In September 2021, Samia Suluhu confirmed that she intended to run for president in 2025 and thus become the country's first elected woman president if she wins.

Ryota Oshima

Oshima was born in Shizuoka on January 23, 1993. After graduating from Shizuoka Gakuen High School, he joined J1 League club Kawasaki Frontale in 2011. He played many matches as central midfielder from 2012. In 2017, Kawasaki won the J1 League champions first time in the club history. Kawasaki also won the J1 champions in 2018 and 2020.

In 2016, Oshima played for the Japan U-23 national team at 2016 AFC U-23 Championship. Japan won the champions and qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics. At 2016 Summer Olympics, he played all 3 matches as central midfielder. On September 1, 2016, he debuted for the Japan national team against United Arab Emirates at 2018 World Cup. In 2018, he participated 2018 World Cup, but he did not play in the match. He played 7 games for Japan until 2019.

218||13||17||1||27||2||20||1||282||17
218||13||17||1||27||2||20||1||282||17

!Total||7||0

James Levine

James Lawrence Levine (; June 23, 1943 – March 9, 2021) was an American conductor and pianist. He was known for being music director of the Metropolitan Opera from 1976 until 2016. He was fired from the Met on March 12, 2018, over sexual misconduct allegations. He also performed with the Boston Symphony Orchestra.

In 1994, Levine was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.

Levine died in his Palm Springs home on March 9, 2021 at the age of 77. The cause was problems caused by Parkinson's disease.

Ryota Nagaki

Nagaki was born in Yokohama on June 4, 1988. When he was a Chuo University student, he joined J1 League club Shonan Bellmare in 2010. Shonan was relegated to J2 League end of the 2010 season. He played many matches as defensive midfielder from 2011. Shonan played in J1 in 2013 and 2015. In 2016, he moved to J1 club Kashima Antlers. In 2016, Kashima won the champions in J1 League and qualified for 2016 Club World Cup as host country champions. At the Club World Cup, he played all 4 matches and won the 2nd place. In 2018, Kashima won the champions in AFC Champions League first Asian title in the club history.

On November 11, 2016, Nagaki debuted for the Japan national team against Oman.

325||21||29||1||20||1||29||1||403||24
325||21||29||1||20||1||29||1||403||24

!Total||1||0

Ffestiniog Railway

The Ffestiniog Railway () is a heritage narrow-gauge railway in Gwynedd, Wales. It runs between Porthmadog and Blaenau Ffestiniog.

It is a big tourist attraction as it runs through the Snowdonia National Park.

The track used on the railway is 1 ft 11 1⁄2 in (597 mm) wide. It is about 13 1⁄2 miles (21.7 km) long and runs from the harbour at Porthmadog to Blaenau Ffestiniog, a town famous for slate mining. It is very picturesque as it runs through very forested and mountainous scenery.

The company that owns the railway, the Ffestiniog Railway Company, is the world's oldest railway company that still exists. It also owns the Welsh Highland Railway that runs from Caernarfon to Porthmadog.

There is 11 stations that are still open on the route:

Yosuke Ideguchi

Ideguchi was born in Fukuoka on August 23, 1996. He joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka from their youth team in 2014. He played many matches as central midfielder from 2016. He was selected "Best Young Player award" in 2016 and Best Eleven in 2017. In January 2018, he moved to Spanish Segunda División club Cultural Leonesa. In August 2018, he moved to German 2. Bundesliga club Greuther Fürth. However he could not play many matches at both clubs. In August 2019, he returned to Gamba Osaka.

In 2016, Ideguchi played for the Japan U-23 national team at 2016 AFC U-23 Championship. Japan won the champions and qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics. At 2016 Summer Olympics, he played 2 matches as central midfielder. On June 7, 2017, he debuted for the Japan national team against Syria. He played 15 games and scored 2 goals for Japan until 2019.

109||15||9||1||17||0||12||0||147||16
5||0||0||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||5||0
7||1||0||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||7||1
121||16||9||1||17||0||12||0||159||17

!Total||15||2

Giorgi Kekelidze

Giorgi Kekelidze (; born 10 April 1984) is a Georgian poet, essayist and the founder of the first Georgian digital library "lib.ge".

From March 2012, he is a general director of the National Parliamentary Library of Georgia.

Blaenau Ffestiniog

Blaenau Ffestiniog, sometimes known locally as just Blaenau, is a town in Gwynedd in North Wales and in the historic county of Merionethshire. In 2011, around 4,875 people lived there.

It is in the middle of Snowdonia and is 18.63 miles (29.98 km) south east of the city of Bangor. 

It is an old town that is known for its slate mining. Today, it relies on its tourism. When it was a large mining town, it was Wales' second-biggest town, behind Wrexham.

Most people who come from or live in Blaenau Ffestiniog speak Welsh. In the 2011 census, 78.6% of people who live there said they can speak it. This makes it one of the most-Welsh speaking towns in Wales.

Blaenau Ffestiniog railway station is the northern end of the Ffestiniog Railway, a narrow-gauge heritage railway that starts at Porthmadog. The railway goes through very mountainous and forested areas and is very popular with tourists.

The town also has a mainline train station that is connected to the heritage station. It is the southern end of the Conwy Valley line from Llandudno, another line known for its views.

Blaenau Ffestiniog is twinned with:

Kenyu Sugimoto

Sugimoto was born in Osaka on November 18, 1992. He joined J1 League club Cerezo Osaka from their youth team in July 2010. He debuted in July 2011. In March 2012, he moved to J2 League club Tokyo Verdy on loan. He returned to July. Although he played many matches, Cerezo was relegated to J2 end of the 2014 season. In 2015, he moved to Kawasaki Frontale. In 2016, he moved to J2 club Cerezo Osaka again. In 2016, he scored 14 goals and Cerezo was promoted to J1 from 2017. In 2017, he scored 22 goals and was selected Best Eleven. Cerezo also won the champions in the J.League Cup and Emperor's Cup. In 2019, he moved to Urawa Reds.

In October 2009, Sugimoto was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2009 U-17 World Cup. He played all 3 matches and scored a goal against Brazil in the first match. In October 2012, he was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. He played 4 matches and Japan won the 4th place. In September 2017, Sugimoto was selected the Japan national team for 2018 World Cup qualification. At this qualification, he debuted against Saudi Arabia on September 5. He played 8 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 2018.

290||67||27||18||19||4||19||2||355||91
290||67||27||18||19||4||19||2||355||91

!Total||8||1

Lusatian – New Marchian dialects

The Lusatian – New Marchian dialects (German: "Lausitzisch-Neumärkisch") are High German dialects spoken in Berlin, central and southern Brandenburg, central and southern Saxony-Anhalt, and in northwestern and eastern Saxony.

Blaenau Ffestiniog railway station

Blaenau Ffestiniog railway station () is a train station in Blaenau Ffestiniog, Wales. It opened in 1868.

The station is a mainline station connected to a heritage station. Platform 1 is managed by Transport for Wales and platforms 2 and 3 are managed by the Ffestiniog Railway, a narrow-gauge heritage railway.

Platform 1 is on the Conwy Valley line that runs north to Llandudno. 

From platform 1, the mainline platform, Transport for Wales run six trains a day that head north to Llandudno. These trains run every three hours.

From platforms 2 and 3, the Ffestiniog Railway platforms, passengers can catch trains through Snowdonia to Porthmadog on the coast. These trains are very popular with tourists but are currently not running because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Shintaro Kurumaya

Kurumaya was born in Kumamoto on April 5, 1992. When he was a University of Tsukuba student, he joined J1 League club Kawasaki Frontale in 2014. He became a regular player as left side back from 2015. In 2017, Kawasaki won the J1 League champions first time in the club history. Kawasaki won the J1 champions in 2018 and 2020.

On October 10, 2017, Kurumaya debuted for the Japan national team against Haiti. He played 4 games for Japan until 2018.

176||2||16||2||21||0||17||0||230||4
176||2||16||2||21||0||17||0||230||4

!Total||4||0

Llandudno railway station

Llandudno railway station () is a train station in Llandudno in Conwy County Borough, North Wales. It is managed by Transport for Wales and opened in 1858.

It is on a branch of the North Wales Coast Line that runs between Holyhead in Anglesey and Crewe in Cheshire, England. 

The station still has some of its old architecture and has a 1800s style canopy. In 2013, part of it was reconstructed in a scheme that cost £5.2 million. Even though part of the station was reconstructed, most of its old architecture still stands. 

The station is very popular with tourists and is mainly used by them.

Transport for Wales run a train every hour to Manchester Piccadilly via Chester. Two of these trains a day go to Crewe instead of Manchester.

Transport for Wales also run one shuttle train an hour between Llandudno and Llandudno Junction. This is done to allow passengers from Llandudno to catch trains from Llandudno Junction that go to Holyhead, Shrewsbury, Birmingham, London and South Wales. 

Transport for Wales also run four trains a day that go down the Conwy Valley line to Blaenau Ffestiniog.

North Wales

North Wales () is the most northern region of Wales, a country in the United Kingdom. 

It contains Northern Powys, Wrexham County Borough, Flintshire, Denbighshire, Conwy County Borough, Gwynedd and Anglesey.

It is bordered by the Irish Sea to the north and west, the English counties of Cheshire and Shropshire to the east and South Wales to the south.


Junya Ito

Ito was born in Yokosuka on March 9, 1993. After graduating from Kanagawa University, he joined J1 League club Ventforet Kofu in 2015. He played many matches as forward from first season. In 2016, he moved to Kashiwa Reysol. He played many matches as right midfielder in 3 seasons. However Kashiwa was relegated to J2 League end of the 2018 season. In February 2019, he moved to Belgian First Division A club Genk.

In November 2017, Ito was selected the Japan national team for 2017 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against North Korea on December 9. In 2019, he participated 2019 Asian Cup. He played 5 matches and Japan won the 2nd place.

131||23||9||1||16||0||5||1||161||25
42||8||2||1||colspan="2"|-||7||0||51||9
173||31||11||2||16||0||12||1||212||34

!Total||20||2

Hiroyuki Abe

Abe was born in Kitakatsuragi District, Nara on July 5, 1989. After graduating from Kwansei Gakuin University, he joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka in 2012. He played many matches from first season. However Gamba was relegated to J2 League end of the 2012 season. In 2013, Gamba won the champions and was returned to J1 in a year. In 2014, Gamba won all three major title in Japan; J1 League, J.League Cup and Emperor's Cup. In 2017, he moved to Kawasaki Frontale. In 2017, he scored 10 goals and Kawasaki won the J1 champions first time in the club history. Kawasaki also won the J1 champions in 2018. In 2020, he moved to Nagoya Grampus.

In November 2017, Abe was selected the Japan national team for 2017 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against North Korea on December 9. He played 3 matches at this championship.

244||47||19||1||28||11||31||5||322||64
244||47||19||1||28||11||31||5||322||64

!Total||3||0

Sahar Ghoreishi

Sahar Ghoreishi () is an Iranian actress born on 27 December 1987 Tehran, Iran. She gained her fame among Iranians from playing the character named "Yalda" in Delnavazan TV Show. She started her acting career by performing a role in a TV show called "Laj-o-Laj Bazi" 
directed by Sayyed Mahdi Borgheyi in 2009.

Kosuke Nakamura

Nakamura was born in Kita, Tokyo on February 27, 1995. He joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol in 2013. However he could not play at all in the match. In 2015, he moved to J2 League club Avispa Fukuoka on loan. He played 20 matches and was promoted to J1 end of the 2015 season. In 2016, he returned to Kashiwa and became a regular goalkeeper. Although Kashiwa was relegated to J2 in end of the 2018 season, Kashiwa was returned to J1 in a year. In January 2021, he moved to Portuguese Primeira Liga club Portimonense.

In June 2011, Nakamura was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2011 U-17 World Cup and he played 4 matches. In August 2016, he was also selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2016 Summer Olympics and he played 2 matches. In November 2017, he was selected the Japan national team for 2017 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against North Korea on December 9. He also participated 2018 World Cup, but he did not play in the match. He played 6 games for Japan until 2019.

153||0||10||0||3||0||3||0||169||0
153||0||10||0||3||0||3||0||169||0

!Total||6||0

Elinor Wonders Why

Elinor Wonders Why is an American-Canadian flash-animated musical television show that premiered on September 7, 2020 by Pipeline Studios and Shoe Ink, created by Jorge Cham and Daniel Whiteson for PBS Kids.

The exploration-themed show encourages children to follow their curiosity, ask questions when they don't understand, and find answers using science inquiry skills. The main character Elinor, the most observant and curious bunny rabbit in Animal Town just north of Natural Forest, CA, introduces children ages 3-6 to science, nature and community through adventures with her friends Olive and Ari. Each episode includes two 11-minute animated stories plus interstitial content where Elinor and her classmates enjoy either Señor Tapir singing about famous nature explorers or Ms. Mole reading stories.


The show is also broadcast in:

Naomichi Ueda

Ueda was born in Uto on October 24, 1994. After graduating from Ozu High School, he joined J1 League club Kashima Antlers in 2013. He played many matches as center back from 2014. In 2016, Kashima won the champions in J1 League and qualified for 2016 Club World Cup as host country champions. At the Club World Cup, he played all 4 matches and won the 2nd place. In July 2018, he moved to Belgian First Division A club Cercle Brugge. In January 2021, he moved to French Ligue 1 club Nîmes Olympique.

In June 2011, Ueda was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2011 U-17 World Cup and he played all 5 matches and scored 1 goal. In 2016, he played for the Japan U-23 national team at 2016 AFC U-23 Championship. Japan won the champions and qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics. At 2016 Summer Olympics, he played all 3 matches as center back with Tsukasa Shiotani. In November 2017, he was selected the Japan national team for 2017 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against China on December 12. In 2018, he was selected Japan for 2018 World Cup, but he did not play in the match. In 2019, he also participated 2019 Copa América and played all 3 matches.

Kashima Antlers

Japan U23

Salmon-crested cockatoo

The Salmon-crested cockatoo or Moluccan cockatoo (binomial name Cacatua moluccensis) is a species of cockatoo native to the Seram Archipelago.

Genta Miura

Miura was born in Toyohashi on March 1, 1995. After graduating from Osaka Toin High School, he joined J1 League club Shimizu S-Pulse in 2013. However he could not play many matches and Shimizu was relegated to J2 League end of the 2015 season. In 2016, he played many matches and Shimizu won the 2nd place in the J2 and was returned to J1 in a year. In 2017, he moved to J1 club Gamba Osaka. He became a regular player as center back from 2017.

In November 2017, Miura was selected the Japan national team for 2017 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against China on December 12. In 2019, he played at 2019 Asian Cup and Japan won the 2nd place. He played 10 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 2019.

176||6||9||1||23||2||6||0||214||9
176||6||9||1||23||2||6||0||214||9

!Total||10||1

Taupo Volcano

The Taupo Volcano is a supervolcano in New Zealand. Its caldera, which is filled with a large body of water, is named Lake Taupo. This supervolcano is the cause of two of the most violent volcanic eruptions in recent times. These eruptions ranked high on the Volcanic Explosivity Index, with the Oruanui eruption ranking at an 8, and the Hatepe eruption ranking at an 7.

Lake Taupo

Lake Taupo is the caldera of the supervolcano named Taupo Volcano. Lake Taupo is New Zealand's largest lake.

Oruanui eruption

The Oruanui eruption was a large volcanic eruption that happened 26,500 years ago at the Taupo Volcano in New Zealand. This eruption measured an 8 on the Volcanic Explosivity Index. This is the Earth's most recent super-eruption.

Eutropia (daughter of Constantius I)

Eutropia (died 350) was a Roman woman of the Constantinian dynasty (a line of rulers who governed the Roman Empire during Late Antiquity). Eutropia was the daughter of the Roman emperor ConstantiusI, the half-sister of the emperor Constantine the Great, and the mother of Nepotianus. Eutropia's mother was Flavia Maximiana Theodora, the wife of Constantius I.

Eutropia was written about by the Roman historians Eutropius, Aurelius Victor, and Zosimus. The bishop Athanasius knew her and also wrote about her.

Eutropia was born after her parents married in late 289. Eutropia's father was ConstantiusI, who was made an emperor in 293. Eutropia's mother was Theodora. Theodora was the daughter of the emperor Maximian and his wife, who also had the name Eutropia. Eutropia had an older half-brother, Constantine the Great, and five other full siblings, the other children of Constantius and Theodora.

Constantius's and Theodora's children were probably born after 295 and before 306. Theodora may have given birth to Eutropia after the year 300. Eutropia might have been her parents' youngest child.

Eutropia's full name may have been the , although it may have been . She probably had the title in . This was a title women of the emperor's family normally had. The emperor Constantius died in 306. Constantine then became an emperor.

There is no evidence that any of Constantius's daughters married before their father died. Eutropia's sister Constantia may have been the first to marry, and may have been the oldest of the siblings. She married in 313. Their sister Anastasia married in 316. Eutropia herself probably married by the early 320s, if she married the Roman consul of 336.

Eutropia probably married Virius Nepotianus. He was Roman consul in the year 336. Eutropia's father was probably dead by the time she married, so her half-brother Constantine, now emperor, probably arranged her marriage. The choice of Eutropia's husband was probably for political reasons, just as Constantia's marriage to Constantine's co-emperor Licinius in 313 was for reasons of political strategy.

Virius Nepotianus may have died in 337, the year Constantine the Great died. (After the emperor died, many people in Constantine's family killed one another in summer 337.) Eutropia survived because the emperor ConstantiusII did not kill the women in the family. The fact that Eutropia continued to live means that Ammianus Marcellinus was wrong when he wrote that ConstantiusII had killed everyone in his own family. The only other members of the family to live through the killings of 337 were Eutropia's nephews Constantius Gallus and Julian.

At some time after her wedding, Eutropia was probably the owner of a ship. A sign made of bronze that has been in the library of the Department of Classics at Harvard University since 1961 might have come from the ship. It was probably a "No Trespassing" sign. Its purpose was to keep people off the ship and to show that the ship was Eutropia's property. The bronze sign came from Ostia, the port of Rome, and the ship was possibly used for the transport of grain supplies to the capital city. The ship may also have been a barge on the Tiber River (the river that connects Ostia with Rome) or a boat used for private leisure.

The sign says that the ship was the property of "Flavia Valeria Eutropia ". The means "most noble woman", and women from the emperors' families used this title. Because there are only two women named Eutropia in emperors' families, the ship very probably was the property of either Eutropia herself or her grandmother, Eutropia (wife of Maximian). The bronze sign is the only evidence for the name "Flavia Valeria Eutropia". It reads:

The bronze sign says that the ship was the property of Eutropia "and her sons" (or "and her children"). If the ship was the property of Eutropia the daughter of Constantius I, then the sign shows that she had more than one child. No-one knows when Eutropia's son Nepotianus was born. He is probably one of the children of Eutropia the bronze sign speaks of. Because no-one killed Eutropia's son Nepotianus in 337, it may be that Eutropia had not yet given birth to him at that time.

Eutropia lived in Rome for a long time, and both Athanasius and Zosimus wrote that she met Athanasius in Rome in the 340s. Eutropia may have given Athanasius political help when he came to Rome in late 339. He made a pun on her name, saying she was "the aptly named Eutropia" because the name "Eutropia" comes from the . Athanasius says that Eutropia was among those people who helped him in Rome, saying that she "received us nobly".

In the 5th century, Jerome wrote that Athanasius came to Rome to speak to powerful Roman women about the monks and monasteries in the desert of Roman Egypt. Jerome wrote that this was the start of monasteries in the west of the Roman Empire. This is probably not true, but Athanasius probably did lobbying with Eutropia and others to try to get back political power in the Christian Church. Eutropia was a woman in the emperor's family, so Athanasius will have tried to get help from her when he was in Rome between 339 and 342.

Athanasius's writing may mean that Eutropia was a representative of the Constantinian family in Rome. Women from the emperor's family often represented the emperor in Rome, because the emperor was not often in the city. Eutropia lived in Rome at the same time as Constantina, Constantine's daughter, who lived in Rome from 337 to 351.

When Eutropia's half-nephew, the emperor ConstansI died, Eutropia's son Nepotianus made an attempt to be emperor himself. Nepotianus took the emperor's title "Augustus" () in 350. Magnentius, who had killed Constans, soon killed Nepotianus.

Women in the Roman dynasties usually depended on the lives of the men in their family. Magnentius probably killed Eutropia in Rome – she died soon after her son Nepotianus died. Athanasius wrote about her death. Athanasius was also friendly with Magnentius's representatives. This may mean he was not in fact friendly with Eutropia and Nepotianus.

When Magnentius was dead, Athanasius said to ConstantiusII in a speech that he had never written friendly letters to Magnentius. He says Eutropia was Constantius's "aunt of blessed memory". Athanasius said he had no reason to write to Magnentius, because Magnentius had killed many of Athanasius' friends. Athanasius asks rhetorical questions of Constantius, asking how Athanasius could have written to Magnentius after Magnentius had done so much against him and his friends:


Palatine German language

Palatine German, or Pfaelzisch–Lothringisch (; , pronounced ), is a dialect and is spoken in the Upper Rhine Valley. It is also spoken in Zweibrücken, Kaiserslautern, Alzey, Worms, Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Mannheim, Heidelberg, Speyer, Landau Wörth am Rhein and Alsace. It is also spoken beyond Alsace.

Jean-Joseph Sanfourche

Jean-Joseph Sanfourche, called Sanfourche, is a French painter, poet, designer and sculptor. He was born June 25, 1929 in Bordeaux, and died March 13, 2010 in Saint-Léonard-de-Noblat. He practiced art brut and was the friend of Gaston Chaissac, Jean Dubuffet, Robert Doisneau. These men all wrote letters to each other.

Sun parakeet

The sun parakeet (binomial name Aratinga solstitialis), also known in aviculture as the sun conure, is a medium-sized, vibrantly colored parrot native to northeastern South America.

South Franconian German

South Franconian () is a dialect which is spoken in the northern part of Baden-Württemberg, Karlsruhe, Mosbach and Heilbronn.

Green-cheeked parakeet

The green-cheeked parakeet (binomial name Pyrrhura molinae) or green-cheeked conure is a small parrot of the "Pyrrhura" genus. The term "conure" is often used for this parrot and its relatives in aviculture. It is native to the forests of South America.

Jacques de Maleville

Jacques de Maleville, born and baptized on June 19, 1741 in Domme, where he died on November 22, 1824, French jurisconsult and politician, was one of the drafters of the Civil Code. 

Brazilian coastal tree frog

The Brazilian coastal tree frog ("Dendropsophus decipiens") is a frog that lives on the east coast of Brazil.

Jakob Silfverberg

Jakob Erik Silfverberg (born 13 October 1990) is a Swedish professional ice hockey winger and alternate captain for the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Reilly Smith

Reilly Liam Sheeran Smith (born April 1, 1991) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger and alternate captain for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has spent his carrer with the Golden Knights, Panthers, and Bruins.

Pejman Bazeghi

Pejman Bazeghi (; born August 10, 1974 in Tehran) is an Iranian actor.
He became a more prominent actor in 2004 after starring in the movie "Duel", which won six awards at the 22nd Fajr International Film Festival.

Picardy Spaniel

The Picardy Spaniel () is a medium size spaniel type of gun dog. It was developed in France in the 19th century, but has even older origins with the French nobility. It is closely related to the Blue Picardy Spaniel, and they are very alike in appearance (except for the colour), but the Picardy Spaniel is the older of the two breeds.

These dogs are always light brown with darker brown patches (called brown roan in dogs).

The Picardy Spaniel has a gentle nature and likes to take care of children in a family. As they are natural hunting dogs they require lots of exercise.

Because English spaniels had been introduced to France in the early 20th century, this dog became less popular with the French hunters who liked the English dogs and their numbers began to get smaller. Then World War I and World War II both caused the breed to nearly become extinct and a lot of effort was needed in to save the breed, they saved the breed but it is still not widely known outside of France.

Tart

A tart is a type of pastry, similar to a pie and usually containing some type of food inside it, like berries, or fruit.

Central Franconian languages

Central Franconian () is a variant of the Franconian languages.


Trialware

Trialware is one type of shareware. It is software that the user can only use for a short time. Then it expires. If the person wishes to keep using the program, he or she must buy a registration key or password. Trialware may be set up by date or days. For example, a 30-day trialware program may expire in 30 days or after it has been used for 30 non-contiguous days. Also called "demoware," sophisticated trialware prevents a user from installing new trial versions over and over without paying. For example, it can look for a hidden file or an entry in the Windows Registry that it created when it was previously installed. See shareware and wares.

Pulchérie Gbalet

Pulchérie Edith Gbalet is an Ivoirian scholar and activist. She led the "Orange Vests" movement against the government of Ivory Coast. She has been involved in union organizing as well. During the 2020 protests against Alassane Ouattara, she was sent to jail for her activism. She is still a political prisoner today.

The Tales of Kanglei Throne

"The Tales of Kanglei Throne" is an English language novel, written by Linthoi Chanu. It is a collection of legends from Meitei mythology as well as history. The epic saga starts from the journey of Poireiton, an underworld immortal prince, to the human world, and ends up to the transformation of a mortal human princess into a fish. The book includes many stories about the Kanglei Throne, and it’s origin, each as captivating as the other.

Coastal flooding

Coastal flooding happens when dry and low-lying land is submerged by water. The range of a coastal flooding event is from the elevation of floodwater. It is controlled by topography of coastal land exposed to flooding. 

Coastal floods are largely natural events. Human influence on the coastal environment, though, can make coastal floods worse. 

Storms, including tropical cyclones can cause flooding from storm surge, and rising sea levels from climate change.

Meitei temples

"Meitei temples" or "Manipuri temples" (, ) are the structures built to house deities within sanctuaries in Sanamahism, the ancient Meitei religion. They are designed to bring humans and gods together, using symbolism to express the ideas and beliefs of Sanamahism.

The "Temple of Hiyangthang Lairembi" is an old temple, dedicated to Goddess "Hiyangthang Lairembi", who is a form of Irai Leima, the water goddess in Meitei mythology and religion. In Medieval Manipur, during the reign of Emperor Garib Niwaj Pamheiba, the temple structure was re-modified from its former architecture. Besides, it was also re-affiliated with Hinduism, other than its own Sanamahism (Meitei religion), by the installation of idol of Hindu goddess Durga, besides that of Irai Leima.

Iputhou Pakhangba Laishang, the ancient temple dedicated to Pakhangba, in the heart of Kangla, the old metropolis of Ancient Manipur, is a masterpiece of Meitei architecture.
However, due to damages in its structure, the building was rebuilt with a completely different architectural design and was recently consecrated in 2010.

The "Temple of Sanamahi", better known as "Sanamahi Temple", is one of the most antique temples in Ancient Manipur. It is built with a dedication to Lainingthou Sanamahi. However, its main structures were reconstructed during the reign of Hindu Manipuri King Kulachandra in Medieval Manipur in 1891 AD.

Mazaron ke phool

Published in December 2008 by Ilm-o-Irfan Publishers, Urdu Bazaar, Lahore, Pakistan , "Mazaron Ke Phool" (Graveyard Flowers) is the only Absurd Play in history of Urdu Literature. It was written by a Pakistan academic-writer, columnist and lawyer Mujtaba Haider Zaidi, the author of "Veto Oligarchy: the Fittest Deserve Supremacy".

The Round-Up (1966 movie)

The Round-Up (, "Poor young men", i. e. outlaws) is a 1966 Hungarian drama movie directed by Miklós Jancsó and starring János Görbe, Zoltán Latinovits, Tibor Molnár, Gábor Agárdy, András Kozák, Béla Barsi.

The Exile (1914 movie)

The Exile (, also known in English by the title "The Undesirable") is a 1914 Hungarian drama movie directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Mari Jászai. It was a lost movie and has been rediscovered.


Shoma Doi

Doi was born in Yamagata on May 21, 1992. He joined J1 League club Kashima Antlers from their youth team in 2011. He became a regular player as offensive midfielder from 2014. In 2016, Kashima won the champions in J1 League and qualified for 2016 Club World Cup as host country champions. At the Club World Cup, he played all 4 matches and won the 2nd place. In 2018, Kashima won the champions in AFC Champions League first Asian title in the club history.

In November 2017, Doi was selected the Japan national team for 2017 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against China on December 12. He played 2 games at this tournament.

238||43||23||6||28||5||34||8||323||62
238||43||23||6||28||5||34||8||323||62

!Total||2||0

Melissa Duck

Melissa Duck is an animated cartoon character in Warner Bros.' "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" cartoon series. She is the main character Daffy Duck's blonde girlfriend. Only in one cartoon is she called Melissa.

The 1945 cartoon "Nasty Quacks" was when Melissa was first introduced. She also plays Baby Melissa in "Baby Looney Tunes".

In "Nasty Quacks", Daffy's owner, a girl, also becomes the owner of a small, yellow duckling. A jealous Daffy feeds the duckling growth pills. To his surprise, she ages into a white and female duck with blonde hair. By the end of the cartoon, the two have fallen in love. Melissa gives birth to ten black, white and yellow ducklings of her own. 

Melissa first appeared in adult form in a 1950 short, "The Scarlet Pumpernickel". In the cartoon, she is the love interest of Daffy Duck and a damsel-in-distress. The plot follows Daffy saving Melissa from having to marry the evil Grand Duke, Sylvester the Cat.

Later in "Muscle Tuscle" (1953), the girlfriend of Daffy Duck appears with him on the beach. The girlfriend's design is a lot more stylized than Melissa's appearance in "The Scarlet Pumpernickel". However, the comtemporary comics adaptation "Muscle Tuscle" also carried Melissa to this new design.

Another blonde female duck was shown in the 1987 cartoon movie "The Duxorcist". This was after the original "Looney Tunes
ended in 1969.

Melissa Duck was the possible inspiration for Shirley the Loon ("McLoon is her family name). Shirley was on "Tiny Toon Adventures". 

Kazuki Nagasawa

Nagasawa was born in Chiba on December 16, 1991. When he was a Senshu University student, he also played for J1 League club Yokohama F. Marinos in 2013. After graduating from the university, he joined German 2. Bundesliga club Köln in 2014. Köln won the champions in the 2013/14 season and was promoted to Bundesliga. In 2016, he returned to Japan and joined J2 League club JEF United Chiba. In 2017, he moved to J1 club Urawa Reds. Urawa won the champions in the 2017 AFC Champions League and the 2nd place in the 2019 AFC Champions League. In 2021, he moved to Nagoya Grampus.

On November 14, 2014, Nagasawa debuted for the Japan national team against Belgium.

133||11||11||1||11||0||17||1||172||13
21||0||3||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||24||0
154||11||14||1||11||0||17||1||196||13

!Total||1||0

The Girl from Moon Bridge

The Girl from Moon Bridge () is a 1953 Finnish drama movie directed by Matti Kassila and starring Tyyne Haarla, Ansa Ikonen, Paavo Jännes, Kullervo Kalske, Arvo Lehesmaa, Kaisu Leppänen, Joel Rinne, Eero Roine.

Sei Muroya

Muroya was born in Kumatori, Osaka on April 5, 1994. When he was a Meiji University student, he joined J1 League club FC Tokyo in 2016. He played many matches as right side back from the 2017 season. In August 2020, he moved to German 2. Bundesliga club Hannover.

In June 2011, Muroya was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2011 U-17 World Cup and he played 4 matches. In 2016, he played for the Japan U-23 national team at 2016 AFC U-23 Championship. Japan won the champions and qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics. At 2016 Summer Olympics, he played all 3 matches as right side back. In November 2017, he was selected the Japan national team for 2017 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against North Korea on December 9. In 2019, he also played at 2019 Asian Cup and Japan won the 2nd place.

Japan U-23

Japan


The Wind and the Lion

The Wind and the Lion is a 1975 American adventure movie directed by John Milius and starring Sean Connery, Candice Bergen, Brian Keith, John Huston, Roy Jenson, Nadim Sawalha, Marc Zuber, Antoine Saint-John, Darrell Fetty. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1976.


Vaisakh

Vaisakh (Gurmukhi: ਵੈਸਾਖ, Shahmukhi: ویساکھ) is the second month of the Punjabi calendar and theNanakshahi calendar. This month is usually in April and May in the Gregorian calendar. It is when the Rabi crops are harvested in the Punjab region.

Shuto Yamamoto

Yamamoto was born in Morioka on June 1, 1985. After graduating from Waseda University, he joined J1 League club Júbilo Iwata in 2008. He played many matches as left side back from 2009. Iwata won the champions in the 2010 J.League Cup. In 2013, he moved to Kashima Antlers. In 2016, Kashima won the champions in J1 League and qualified for 2016 Club World Cup as host country champions. At the Club World Cup, he played all 4 matches and won the 2nd place. In 2018, Kashima won the champions in AFC Champions League first Asian title in the club history. In 2021, he moved to Shonan Bellmare.

In November 2017, Yamamoto was selected the Japan national team for 2017 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against China on December 12.

242||12||21||2||42||6||23||1||328||21
242||12||21||2||42||6||23||1||328||21

!Total||1||0

Kento Misao

Misao was born in Musashino on April 16, 1996. He joined J2 League club Tokyo Verdy from their youth team in 2015. He played many matches as defensive midfielder. In 2016, he moved to J1 League club Kashima Antlers. Although he did not play many matches, Kashima won the J1 champions in 2016. He played many matches from 2017. In 2018, Kashima won the champions in AFC Champions League first Asian title in the club history.

In October 2013, Misao was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2013 U-17 World Cup. He played 2 matches. In November 2017, Misao was selected the Japan national team for 2017 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against South Korea on December 16. He played 6 games for Japan until 2018.

153||2||12||1||9||0||22||0||196||3
153||2||12||1||9||0||22||0||196||3

!Total||6||0

Inter Club d'Escaldes

Inter Club d'Escaldes is an Andorran football club, that is based in Escaldes-Engordany. The club currently plays in Primera Divisió.

Inter Club d'Escaldes was founded in Escaldes-Engordany in 1991. In 1995, they became a founding memeber of the Primera Divisió, which is the top division of football in Andorra. The team played in the Primera Divisió until April 2015, when the team was relegated. In May 2017, the team gained promotion from the Segona Divisió, the second division of football in Andorra.

"L'Inter" finished 3rd twice in the Primera Divisió in 1999-00 and 2000–01. They were also runners-up in the Copa Constitució during the 2001–02 season, but lost 2–0 in the final against FC Lusitanos.

After winning the 2019–20 Primera Divisió, the club was able to participate in the 2020–21 UEFA Champions League Preliminary Round. This represented the 1st time the team had participated in an official international tournament.

"As of 29 November 2020

"As of 31 August 2020"







Shoya Nakajima

Nakajima was born in Hachioji on August 23, 1994. He joined J2 League club Tokyo Verdy from their youth team in 2012. In 2014, he moved to Kataller Toyama and played as regular player. In August 2014, he moved to J1 League club FC Tokyo. In September 2017, he moved to Portuguese Primeira Liga club Portimonense. He scored 10 goals in the 2017/18 season. In February 2019, he moved to Qatar Stars League club Al-Duhail. In September 2019, he moved to Primeira Liga club Porto. Porto won the champions in the 2019/20 season. However he could not play many matches in the 2020/21 season. In January 2021, he moved to UAE Pro League club Al-Ain.

In 2011, Nakajima was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2007 U-17 World Cup. In 2016, he played for the Japan U-23 national team at 2016 AFC U-23 Championship. Japan won the champions and qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics. At 2016 Summer Olympics, he played all 3 matches as left midfielder. On March 23, 2018, he debuted and scored a goal for the Japan national team against Mali. However he was not selected the Japan for 2018 World Cup. After the 2018 World Cup, he became a regular player as left midfielder under new manager Hajime Moriyasu and was given "number 10" shirt for the Japan. In 2019, he played at 2019 Copa América. He played 19 games and scored 5 goals for Japan until 2019.

118||14||11||2||13||6||0||0||142||22
62||15||7||1||6||0||9||0||84||16
7||1||3||0||colspan="2"|-||6||1||16||2
187||30||21||3||19||6||15||1||242||40

!Total||19||5

Ritsu Dōan

Doan was born in Amagasaki on June 16 1998. He joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka from their youth team in 2015. In July 2017, he moved to Dutch Eredivisie club Groningen. He played 61 matches and scored 15 goals. In August 2019, he moved to PSV Eindhoven. In September 2020, he moved to German Bundesliga club Arminia Bielefeld.

In May 2017, Doan was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2017 U-20 World Cup. At this tournament, he played full-time in all 4 matches and scored 3 goals. On September 11, 2018, he debuted for the Japan national team against Costa Rica. In 2019, he participated 2019 Asian Cup. He played 6 matches and scored 2 goals, and Japan won the 2nd place.

36||13||1||0||1||0||8||1||46||14
80||17||5||1||colspan="2"|-||4||0||89||18
116||30||6||1||1||0||12||1||135||32

!Total||20||3

Sho Sasaki

Sasaki was born in Zama on October 2, 1989. After graduating from Kanagawa University, he joined J2 League club Ventforet Kofu in 2012. He played many matches as left side back from first season. Ventforet also was promoted to J1 League end of the 2012 season. In 2015, he moved to Sanfrecce Hiroshima. He played many matches and Sanfrecce won the J1 champions in 2015. Although he could hardly play in the match for injury in 2016 and 2017, He became a regular player from 2018.

On September 11, 2018, Sasaki debuted for the Japan national team against Costa Rica. In 2019, he played at 2019 Asian Cup and Japan won the 2nd place. He played 9 games for Japan until 2019.

225||13||14||0||19||1||6||2||264||16
225||13||14||0||19||1||6||2||264||16

!Total||9||0

A Strange Role

A Strange Role (, and released in the US as Strange Masquerade) is a 1976 Hungarian drama movie directed by Pál Sándor and starring Margit Dajka, Irma Patkós, Carla Romanelli, Dezső Garas, Ildikó Pécsi, Mária Lázár, Ági Margittay.

Captive Souls

Captive Souls () is a 1913 Hungarian silent movie directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Alfréd Deésy, Sári Fedák, Márton Rátkai, Elemér Thury.

Koya Kitagawa

Kitagawa was born in Shizuoka on July 26, 1996. He joined J1 League club Shimizu S-Pulse from their youth team in 2015. Although he debuted in 2015, Shimizu was relegated to J2 League end of the 2015 season. In 2016, he became a regular player and Shimizu was returned to J1 in a year. In July 2019, he moved to Austrian Bundesliga club Rapid Wien.

On October 12, 2018, Kitagawa debuted for the Japan national team against Panama. In 2019, he participated 2019 Asian Cup. He played 5 matches and Japan won the 2nd place. He played 8 games for Japan until 2019.

119||34||10||0||15||5||colspan="2"|-||144||39
19||2||1||1||colspan="2"|-||0||0||20||3
138||36||11||1||15||5||0||0||164||42

!Total||8||0

Hidemasa Morita

Morita was born in Takatsuki on May 10, 1995. After graduating from Ryutsu Keizai University, he joined J1 League club Kawasaki Frontale in 2018. He played many matches as defensive midfielder from first season. Kawasaki also won the J1 champions in 2018 and 2020. In January 2021, he moved to Portuguese Primeira Liga club Santa Clara.

On September 11, 2018, Morita debuted for the Japan national team against Costa Rica. He played 3 games for Japan until 2019.

81||1||8||0||8||1||9||0||106||2
81||1||8||0||8||1||9||0||106||2

!Total||3||0

Chiquita Brooks-LaSure

Chiquita Brooks-LaSure is an American healthcare policy official and politician. In May 2021, she became the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.

She began her career as an examiner and lead Medicaid analyst in the Office of Management and Budget. She also worked as a staffer for Democratic members of the United States House Committee on Ways and Means before joining the Center for Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight. She worked as managing for policy related to the Affordable Care Act.

Brooks-LaSure became the managing director of the Health Division of national law firm Manatt, Phelps & Phillips. She also was on the Virginia Health Benefit Exchange Advisory Committee.

In February 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Brooks-LaSure to serve as Administrator for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services under his administration. On May 25, 2021, her nomination was confirmed, by the Senate in a vote of 55–44.

Takehiro Tomiyasu

Tomiyasu was born in Fukuoka on November 5, 1998. He joined J2 League club Avispa Fukuoka from their youth team in 2015. Although Avispa was promoted to J1 League in 2016, Avispa was relegated to J2 in a year. He played many matches as center back from 2017. In January 2018, he moved to Belgian First Division A club Sint-Truidense. In July 2019, he moved to Italian Serie A club Bologna.

In 2017, Tomiyasu was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2017 U-20 World Cup. At this tournament, he played all 4 matches as center back with Yuta Nakayama. On October 12, 2018, he debuted for the Japan national team against Panama. In 2019, he participated 2019 Asian Cup. He played all 7 matches and Japan won the 2nd place. He also participated 2019 Copa América.

45||1||4||0||5||0||54||1
27||1||3||0||colspan="2"|-||30||1
29||1||1||0||colspan="2"|-||30||1
101||3||8||0||5||0||114||3

!Total||21||1

Luis Bedoya Reyes

Luis Fernán Bedoya Reyes (February 20, 1919 – March 18, 2021) was a Peruvian Christian Democrat (PDC) and Christian People's Party (PPC) politician. He was the Mayor of Lima from 1964 to 1969. He unsuccessfully ran for President of Peru three times: 1980, 1985 and 1995.

He was also a Minister of Justice. He was the founder of the Christian People's Party (PPC). 

Bedoya Reyes turned 100 in February 2019, and died in March 2021 at the age of 102.

DeSaad

DeSaad (also spelled Desaad) is a fictional supervillain. He appeared in books published by DC Comics. He is one of the followers of Darkseid from the planet of Apokolips.

DeSaad is Darkseid's master torturer. At one point, DeSaad had an assistant named "Justeen".

Steve Byers played DeSaad in the television series "Smallville". The character made his cinematic debut in "Zack Snyder's Justice League" (2021), by Peter Guinness.

Lisa Loven Kongsli

Lisa Loven Kongsli (born 23 September 1979) is a Norwegian actress. Her first movie roles were in "Fatso" (2008), "Knerten" (2009), and "The Orheim Company" (2012).

In 2014, she became well known for her award-nominated role in "Force Majeure".

Kongsli played Amazon warrior Menalippe in the 2017 movie "Wonder Woman", 2017's "Justice League", as well as the 2021 director's cut "Zack Snyder's Justice League".


Ryosuke Yamanaka

Yamanaka was born in Kashiwa on April 20, 1993. He joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol from their youth team in 2012. Although he did not play many matches, Kashiwa won the champions in the 2012 Emperor's Cup and 2013 J.League Cup. In 2014, he moved to J2 League club JEF United Chiba on loan. In 2015, he returned to Kashiwa. In 2017, he moved to Yokohama F. Marinos. He became a regular player as left side back and Yokohama won the champions in the 2017 Emperor's Cup and 2018 J.League Cup. In 2019, he moved to Urawa Reds.

On November 20, 2018, Yamanaka debuted and scored a goal for the Japan national team against Kyrgyzstan. He played 2 games and scored 1 goal for Japan until 2019.

169||11||16||0||15||0||11||0||211||11
169||11||16||0||15||0||11||0||211||11

!Total||2||1

Garagoa tree frog

The Garagoa tree frog ("Dendropsophus garagoensis") is a frog that lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it on the Cordillera Oriental between 2000 and 2020 meters above sea level.

Tomoya Ugajin

Ugajin was born in Toda on March 23, 1988. After graduating from Ryutsu Keizai University, he joined J1 League club Urawa Reds in 2010. He played many matches as left side back from first season. Urawa won the 2nd place in the 2014 and 2016 J1 League. In 2017, Urawa won the champions the 2017 AFC Champions League. Urawa also won the 2nd place in the 2019 AFC Champions League.

On March 23, 2018, Ugajin debuted for the Japan national team against Mali.

274||15||22||5||33||2||27||2||356||24
274||15||22||5||33||2||27||2||356||24

!Total||1||0

Jun Amano

Amano was born in Miura on July 19, 1991. After graduating from Juntendo University, he joined J1 League club Yokohama F. Marinos in 2014. He played many matches as offensive midfielder from 2017. In July 2019, he moved to Belgian First Division B club Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen. Although he played many matches, the club was disbanded end of the 2019/20 season due to financial strain. In May 2020, he returned to Yokohama.

On September 11, 2018, Amano debuted for the Japan national team against Costa Rica.

124||13||16||4||22||4||5||1||167||22
24||3||2||1||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||26||4
148||16||18||5||22||4||5||1||193||26

!Total||1||0

Daniel Schmidt

Schmidt was born in Illinois, United States on February 3, 1992. After graduating from Chuo University, he joined J1 League club Vegalta Sendai in 2014. In April, he moved to J2 League club Roasso Kumamoto on loan. He played 4 matches and returned to Sendai in May. In June 2015, he moved to Kumamoto on loan again. He played as regular goalkeeper. In 2016, he moved to J2 club Matsumoto Yamaga FC on loan and played 41 matches in 1 season. In 2017, he returned to Sendai. He played many matches at Sendai and won the 2nd place in the 2018 Emperor's Cup. In July 2019, he moved to Belgian First Division A club Sint-Truidense.

On November 16, 2018, Schmidt debuted for the Japan national team against Venezuela. In 2019, he also played at 2019 Asian Cup and Japan won the 2nd place.

128||0||6||0||8||0||142||0
20||0||2||0||colspan="2"|-||22||0
148||0||8||0||8||0||164||0

!Total||7||0

Musashi Suzuki

Suzuki was born in Montego Bay, Jamaica on February 11, 1994. After graduating from Kiryu Daiichi High School, he joined J1 League club Albirex Niigata in 2012. Although he played many matches as forward, he could not scored many goals. In August 2015, he moved to J2 League club Mito HollyHock on loan. In 2016, he returned to Niigata. In August 2017, he moved to J2 club Matsumoto Yamaga FC on loan. In 2018, he moved to newly was promoted to J1 League club, V-Varen Nagasaki. Although he scored 11 goals in 2018, Nagasaki finished at the bottom place and was relegated to J2. In 2019, he moved to J1 club Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo. Sapporo won the 2nd place in the 2019 J.League Cup. In August 2020, he moved to Belgian First Division A club Beerschot.

In 2011, Suzuki was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2011 U-17 World Cup and played in 4 matches. In 2016, he played for the Japan U-23 national team at 2016 AFC U-23 Championship. Japan won the champions and qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics. At 2016 Summer Olympics, he played 2 matches and scored 1 goal. On March 22, 2019, he debuted for the Japan national team against Colombia.

181||38||13||5||27||13||221||56
181||38||13||5||27||13||221||56

!Total||9||1

Shinnosuke Hatanaka

Hatanaka was born in Yokohama on August 25, 1995. He joined J2 League club Tokyo Verdy from their youth team in 2014. However there were few opportunities to play. In 2016, he moved to FC Machida Zelvia on loan. He played many matches as center back. In 2017, he returned to Verdy and played many matches. In August 2018, he moved to J1 League club Yokohama F. Marinos. In 2019, Yokohama won the J1 champions.

On March 26, 2019, Hatanaka debuted for the Japan national team against Bolivia.

158||6||5||2||7||0||4||0||174||8
158||6||5||2||7||0||4||0||174||8

!Total||7||0

Kadsura

Kadsura Kaempf. Ex Juss., 1810 is a genus of plants. It has 16 species of bejucos woody plants. It belongs to the family Schisandraceae. Its type species is "K. japonica" (L., 1753) Dunal, 1817.
Some species have uses in gardening.

Kento Hashimoto

Hashimoto was born in Itabashi, Tokyo on August 16, 1993. He joined J1 League club FC Tokyo in 2012. However he could not play at all in the match. In May 2013, he moved to J2 League club Roasso Kumamoto on loan. He played many matches in 2 seasons. In 2015, he returned to Tokyo. In 2019, Tokyo won the 2nd place in the J1 League. He also was selected Best Eleven. In July 2020, he moved to Russian Premier League club Rostov.

On March 26, 2019, Hashimoto debuted for the Japan national team against Bolivia.

197||15||9||2||19||1||8||0||233||18
197||15||9||2||19||1||8||0||233||18

!Total||9||0

Hatepe eruption

The Hatepe eruption was a volcanic eruption in 180 CE. It ranks a 7 on the Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) and was one of the most violent eruptions in the last 5,000 years, comparable to the 946 AD eruption of Baekdu Mountain and the 1815 eruption of Mount Tambora. This eruption happened at the Taupo Volcano in New Zealand.

Disgrace of Gijón

The "Disgrace of Gijón" is the name given to the 1982 FIFA World Cup match between West Germany and Austria. It was played at the El Molinón stadium in Gijón, Spain, on June 25, 1982. The match was the last game of Group 2, with Algeria and Chile having played the day before. With the outcome of that match already decided, a win by 1 or 2 goals for West Germany would result in both West Germany and Austria qualifying ahead of Algeria, who had defeated West Germany in the first game. West Germany took the lead after 10 minutes, with the remaining 80 minutes being characterized by few serious scoring attempts on either side. Both teams were accused of match-fixing, although FIFA ruled that neither team broke any rules.

As a result of this, and similar events at the previous World Cup in Argentina, FIFA changed the group system for future tournaments, so that the final two games in each group would be played at the same time. In German, the match is known as (lit. "Non-aggression pact of Gijón") or (lit. "Disgrace of Gijón"), while in Algeria it is called (, "Scandal of Gijón"); it is also called the (in reference to the annexation of Austria by Germany in 1938).

Algeria began the tournament with a shock 2–1 win over West Germany on the opening day. This would be described as the "greatest World Cup upset since North Korea beat Italy in 1966", and as "one of the biggest shocks in World Cup history". Algeria became the first African team to defeat a European team at the FIFA World Cup. They then lost 2-0 to Austria, before beating Chile 3–2 in their final match. Algeria's win against Chile made them the first African team to win twice at a World Cup.

As Algeria played their final match the day before West Germany played Austria, the two European teams knew what result they needed in order to both qualify for the next round. A West German win by one or two goals would see both West Germany and Austria qualify. A larger West German victory, by three goals or more, would see West Germany and Algeria qualify (this is because Algeria had scored more goals than Austria, which meant they would qualify even with the same goal difference), while a draw or an Austrian win would eliminate the West Germans.

West Germany and Austria ended up advancing from the group, at the expense of Algeria. Austria ended up losing to France in Group D, while West Germany lost the final to Italy.


Colonia Tovar

Colonia Tovar is a city of about 21,000 people, which is about to the west of Caracas, in Venezuela. The city is special, because most inhabitants are descendants of German immigrants from the Kaiserstuhl mountains in Baden-Württemberg, in Germany. These immigrants originally spoke Alemannic German dialects. Alemán Coloniero developed when the language mixed with Spanish.

Mehdi Hashemi

Mehdi Hashemi is an Iranian actor, screenwriter and director born on 7 December, 1946 Langarud, Iran.

He also is the winner of the ninth International Fajr Movie Festival award, Crystal Simorgh, for his playing in the movie "One Ticket, Two Movies!" He has also played the lead role in series "Dar Jostejoye Aramesh" and "Golshifteh".

He is the husband of Iranian actress, Golab Adineh, and brother of Nasser Hashemi. 

Vandalia, Ohio

Vandalia is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Saint Mary (movie)

Saint Mary (, also "Maryam al-Muqaddasah", "Maryam Moghaddas", "Maryam Adhraa" "Maryam Al-Muqadasa"; "The Honourable/Blessed Saint Mary") is a 2000 Iranian movie directed by Shahriar Bahrani and starring Parviz Poorhosseini, Mohammad Kasebi, Hossein Yari, Shabnam Gholikhani, Mohammad Poursattar.

The Fifth Season (1997 movie)

The Fifth Season is a 1997 Iranian French comedy movie directed by Rafi Pitts and starring Parviz Poorhosseini, Shah Ali Sarkhani, Roya Nunhali, Gulab Adineh, Qurban Najafi.

Cournon-d'Auvergne

Cournon-d'Auvergne is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Puy-de-Dôme department in the center of France.

The Real End of the Great War

The Real End of the Great War () is a 1957 Polish drama movie directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz and starring Lucyna Winnicka, Hanna Stankówna, Roland Glowacki.

Castelnovetto

Castelnovetto is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Albonese

Albonese is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Beura-Cardezza

Beura-Cardezza is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Pieve Vergonte

Pieve Vergonte is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Bognanco

Bognanco is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Gurro

Gurro is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Gignese

Gignese is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Montescheno

Montescheno is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Caprezzo

Caprezzo is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Premia

Premia is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Brovello-Carpugnino

Brovello-Carpugnino is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cambiasca

Cambiasca is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cannero Riviera

Cannero Riviera is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cannobio

Cannobio is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Mergozzo

Mergozzo is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Enharmonic

In music, two notes, intervals, or key signatures are enharmonic if they sound the same but are written in different ways. For example, C-sharp and D-flat are enharmonic notes. C-sharp major and D-flat major start on enharmonic notes, so they are enharmonic key signatures, but they have different numbers of sharps and flats. An augmented fourth and a diminished fifth are enharmonic intervals, because they both cover 6 half steps.

Meitei architecture

"Meitei architecture" or "Manipuri architecture" is the architecture, produced by the Meitei ethnicity in Ancient Manipur from the middle of the fifteenth century BC. 
The major architectural designs and styles include traditional Meitei Yumjao (lit. Large House), Sanglen (lit. Public House) and others.



Ayase Ueda

Ueda was born in Mito on August 28, 1998. When he was a Hosei University student, he joined J1 League club Kashima Antlers in July 2019.

In May 2019, Ueda was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América. At this tournament, he debuted against Chile on June 17. He played 6 games for Japan in 2019.

39||14||0||0||3||0||2||0||44||14
39||14||0||0||3||0||2||0||44||14

!Total||6||0

Daichi Kamada

Kamada was born in Ehime Prefecture on August 5, 1996. After graduating from Higashiyama High School, he joined J1 League club Sagan Tosu in 2015. He played many matches from first season. In July 2017, he moved to German Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt. However there were few opportunities to play. In September 2018, he moved to Belgian First Division A club Sint-Truidense on loan. He scored 12 goals for the club. In July 2019, he returned to Frankfurt.

On March 22, 2019, Kamada debuted for the Japan national team against Colombia.

67||13||7||1||8||2||colspan="2"|-||82||16
31||2||5||2||colspan="2"|-||16||6||52||10
24||12||2||1||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||26||13
122||27||14||4||8||2||16||6||160||39

!Total||8||1

Saltire

A saltire is a diagonal cross used on flags and in heraldry. For example, the flag of Scotland (named St Andrew's cross) has a white saltire on a blue flag. The Union Jack (the flag of Britain) has two saltires of different colours: a white saltire copied from the flag of Scotland, and a red saltire taken from a flag of Ireland (named St Patrick's cross).

Koki Anzai

Anzai was born in Hyogo Prefecture on May 31, 1995. He joined J2 League club Tokyo Verdy in 2014. He played many matches as right side back from first season. In 2018, he moved to J1 League club Kashima Antlers. In 2018, Kashima won the champions in AFC Champions League first Asian title in the club history. In September 2019, he moved to Portuguese Primeira Liga club Portimonense.

On March 22, 2019, Anzai debuted for the Japan national team against Colombia.

193||12||7||0||4||0||17||0||221||12
23||1||1||0||4||0||colspan="2"|-||28||1
216||13||8||0||8||0||17||0||249||13

!Total||5||0

Koji Miyoshi

Miyoshi was born in Kawasaki on March 26, 1997. He joined J1 League club Kawasaki Frontale from their youth team in 2015. He played many matches from 2016 season. In 2017, Frontale won the J1 champions first time in the club history. In 2018, he moved to Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo. In 2019, he moved to Yokohama F. Marinos. In August 2019, he moved to Belgian First Division A club Royal Antwerp.

In October 2013, Miyoshi was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2013 U-17 World Cup. In May 2017, he was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2017 U-20 World Cup. In May 2019, he was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América. At this tournament, he debuted against Chile on June 17. He played all 3 matches and scored 2 goals against Uruguay.

84||12||10||1||14||2||4||0||112||15
14||1||1||2||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||15||3
98||13||11||3||14||2||4||0||127||18

!Total||5||2

Scots law

Scots law is the system of laws used in Scotland, a home nation of the United Kingdom. Scots law is a mixture of a common law system and a civil law system. Scotland has its own judiciary and its own courts. Scotland kept Scots law from the old Kingdom of Scotland after the Acts of Union 1707 formed the British state.

Scots law is different from English law because the two kingdoms of Great Britain in the High Middle Ages and after, the Kingdom of Scotland and the Kingdom of England each had its own system of laws. The Scots jurisdiction kept its own legal system, and Scots law and Scots courts are independent of English law.

After the personal union of Scotland with England and Ireland under their common king, James VI and I, Scotland kept Scots law and England kept English law. After the unification of the Parliament of Scotland with the Parliament of England by the Acts of Union 1707, the new Parliament of Great Britain in London's Palace of Westminster got the power to make Scots laws. The Parliament of Scotland, the old legislature, came to an end. Scots laws started again to be made in Scotland when the new Scottish Parliament came into being as a result of devolution in the late 20th and early 21st centuries. Both the British and Scottish parliaments now make Scots law. These two legislatures are sometimes called "Westminster" and "Holyrood", named after the areas of the capital cities in which they meet.

Daiki Sugioka

Sugioka was born in Adachi, Tokyo on September 8, 1998. After graduating from Funabashi Municipal High School, he joined J2 League club Shonan Bellmare in 2017. He played many matches as left side back from first season. Shonan also won the champions in 2017 and was promoted to J1 League. In 2018, Shonan won the champions in J.League Cup. In 2020, he moved to Kashima Antlers.

In 2017, Sugioka was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2017 U-20 World Cup. At this tournament, he played 2 matches as left side back. In May 2019, he was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América. At this tournament, he debuted against Chile on June 17. He played all 3 matches as left side back.

102||6||1||0||10||1||113||7
102||6||1||0||10||1||113||7

!Total||3||0

My Husband's Getting Married

My Husband's Getting Married is a 1913 Hungarian comedy movie directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Gerő Mály, Adél Marosi.


Hiroki Abe

Abe was born in Kita, Tokyo on January 28, 1999. After graduating from Setouchi High School, he joined J1 League club Kashima Antlers in 2017. He played many matches from first season. In 2018, Kashima won the champions in AFC Champions League first Asian title in the club history. He was also selected "J.League Best Young Player award". In July 2019, he signed with Spanish La Liga club Barcelona.

In May 2019, Abe was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América. At this tournament, he debuted against Chile on June 17. At this tournament, he played all 3 matches.

Tales of a Long Journey

Tales of a Long Journey () is a 1963 Hungarian drama movie directed by Tamás Rényi and starring Imre Sinkovits, Ádám Szirtes, Ildikó Pécsi, László Bánhidi, József Madaras, István Sztankay.

Ko Itakura

Itakura was born in Yokohama on January 27, 1997. He joined J1 League club Kawasaki Frontale from their youth team in 2015. However he could not play many matches. In 2018, he moved to Vegalta Sendai. He played as regular player and Sendai won the 2nd place at the Emperor's Cup. In January 2019, he moved to Dutch Eredivisie club Groningen.

In 2017, Itakura was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2017 U-20 World Cup. At this tournament, he played 2 matches as defensive midfielder. In May 2019, he was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América. At this tournament, he debuted against Uruguay on June 17.

33||3||9||0||9||0||3||1||54||4
22||0||1||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||23||0
55||3||10||0||9||0||3||1||77||4

!Total||4||0

Yuki Soma

Soma was born in Chofu on February 25, 1997. When he was a Waseda University student, he joined J1 League club Nagoya Grampus in 2018. In August 2019, he moved to Kashima Antlers on loan. In 2020, he returned to Nagoya.

In December 2019, Soma was selected the Japan national team for 2019 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against China on December 10. At this tournament, he played all 3 matches.

61||5||1||0||11||4||1||0||74||9
61||5||1||0||11||4||1||0||74||9

!Total||3||0

Kyosuke Tagawa

Tagawa was born in Kagoshima Prefecture on February 11, 1999. He joined J1 League club Sagan Tosu from their youth team in 2017. He played many matches from first season. In 2019, he moved to FC Tokyo.

In 2017, Tagawa was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2017 U-20 World Cup. In 2019, he also played at 2019 U-20 World Cup. In December 2019, he was selected the Japan national team for 2019 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against China on December 10.

85||11||5||2||13||1||4||0||107||14
85||11||5||2||13||1||4||0||107||14

!Total||2||1

Daizen Maeda

Maeda was born in Taishi, Osaka on October 20, 1997. After graduating from Yamanashi Gakuin University High School, he joined J2 League club Matsumoto Yamaga FC in 2016. In 2017, he moved to Mito HollyHock on loan. He played many matches and scored 13 goals. In 2018, he returned to Matsumoto. Matsumoto won the champions in 2018 and was promoted to J1 League. In July 2019, he moved to Portuguese Primeira Liga club Marítimo. In August 2020, he returned to Japan and joined Yokohama F. Marinos.

In May 2019, Maeda was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América. At this tournament, he debuted against Chile on June 17.

115||25||1||1||2||0||5||0||123||26
23||3||1||1||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||24||4
138||28||2||2||2||0||5||0||147||30

!Total||2||0

Keisuke Osako

Osako was born in Izumi on July 28, 1999. He joined J1 League club Sanfrecce Hiroshima from their youth team in 2018. He played many matches from 2019.

In May 2019, Osako was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América. At this tournament, he debuted against Chile on June 17.

44||0||1||0||1||0||3||0||49||0
44||0||1||0||1||0||3||0||49||0

!Total||2||0

Seppiana

Seppiana was a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont. On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Seppiana and Viganella merged into the new municipality of Borgomezzavalle.

Viganella

Viganella was a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont. On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Seppiana and Viganella merged into the new municipality of Borgomezzavalle.

Alice Superiore

Alice Superiore is a "frazione" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont. On 1 January 2019, it was an independent comune merged with Lugnacco and Pecco to form the new "comune" of Val di Chy.

Casale Corte Cerro

Casale Corte Cerro is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Ceppo Morelli

Ceppo Morelli is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cossogno

Cossogno is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Craveggia

Craveggia is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Omegna

Omegna is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Druogno

Druogno is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Germagno

Germagno is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Ghiffa

Ghiffa is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Gravellona Toce

Gravellona Toce is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Loreglia

Loreglia is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Macugnaga

Macugnaga is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Madonna del Sasso

Madonna del Sasso is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Tomoki Iwata

Iwata was born in Usa on April 7, 1997. He joined J2 League club Oita Trinita from their youth team in 2015. Oita was relegated to J3 League end of the 2015 season. He played many matches as right side back from 2016 and Oita won the champions in 2016. Oita was returned to J2 from 2017 and was promoted to J1 League from 2019. In 2021, he moved to Yokohama F. Marinos.

In May 2019, Iwata was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América. At this tournament, he debuted as right side back against Uruguay on June 20.

113||7||4||1||4||0||121||8
113||7||4||1||4||0||121||8

!Total||2||0

Malesco

Malesco is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Massiola

Massiola is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Miazzina

Miazzina is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Montecrestese

Montecrestese is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Nonio

Nonio is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Daiki Hashioka

Hashioka was born in Saitama on May 17, 1999. He joined J1 League club Urawa Reds from their youth team in 2017. He played many matches as right side back from 2018. Urawa won the 2nd place in the 2019 AFC Champions League. In January 2021, he moved to Belgian First Division A club Sint-Truidense. Moved to English Premier league club Luton Town FC on 30/01/2024.

In December 2019, Hashioka was selected the Japan national team for 2019 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted as right side midfielder against China on December 10.

74||4||5||0||8||0||8||2||95||6
74||4||5||0||8||0||8||2||95||6

!Total||2||0

Oggebbio

Oggebbio is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Ornavasso

Ornavasso is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Pallanzeno

Pallanzeno is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Piedimulera

Piedimulera is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Premeno

Premeno is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Premosello-Chiovenda

Premosello-Chiovenda is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Quarna Sopra

Quarna Sopra is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Quarna Sotto

Quarna Sotto is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

San Bernardino Verbano

San Bernardino Verbano is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Santa Maria Maggiore, Piedmont

Santa Maria Maggiore is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Keita Endo

Endo was born in Yokohama on November 22, 1997. He joined J1 League club Yokohama F. Marinos from their youth team in 2016. He played many matches from first season. Yokohama won the J1 champions in 2019. In July 2020, he moved to German Bundesliga club Union Berlin.

In 2017, Endo was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2017 U-20 World Cup. At this tournament, he played 3 matches. In December 2019, he was selected the Japan national team for 2019 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against China on December 10.

103||13||12||1||24||1||2||1||141||16
103||13||12||1||24||1||2||1||141||16

!Total||2||0

Toceno

Toceno is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Trarego Viggiona

Trarego Viggiona is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Trontano

Trontano is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Valle Cannobina

Valle Cannobina is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont. It was created on 1 January 2019 from the former municipalities of Cavaglio-Spoccia, Cursolo-Orasso and Falmenta.

Valstrona

Valstrona is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Vignone

Vignone is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Vogogna

Vogogna is a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cavaglio-Spoccia

Cavaglio-Spoccia was a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Cavaglio-Spoccia, Cursolo-Orasso and Falmenta merged to form the new municipality of Valle Cannobina.

Cursolo-Orasso

Cursolo-Orasso was a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Cavaglio-Spoccia, Cursolo-Orasso and Falmenta merged to form the new municipality of Valle Cannobina.

Falmenta

Falmenta was a "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Cavaglio-Spoccia, Cursolo-Orasso and Falmenta merged to form the new municipality of Valle Cannobina.

Tsukasa Morishima

Morishima was born in Mie Prefecture on April 25, 1997. After graduating from Yokkaichi Chuo Technical High School, he joined J1 League club Sanfrecce Hiroshima in 2016. He played many matches from 2019.

In December 2019, Morishima was selected the Japan national team for 2019 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against China on December 10.

73||8||3||0||14||0||7||1||97||9
73||8||3||0||14||0||7||1||97||9

!Total||2||0

Ao Tanaka

Tanaka was born in Kawasaki on September 10, 1998. He joined J1 League club Kawasaki Frontale from their youth team in 2017. He played many matches as defensive midfielder from 2019 and was selected "J.League Best Young Player award" in 2019. Kawasaki won the J1 champions in 2020.

In December 2019, Tanaka was selected the Japan national team for 2019 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against Hong Kong on December 14.

59||7||2||1||6||0||4||1||71||9
59||7||2||1||6||0||4||1||71||9

!Total||2||0

Cressa

Cressa is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Teruhito Nakagawa

Nakagawa was born in Kawasaki on July 27, 1992. After graduating from Senshu University, he joined J1 League club Yokohama F. Marinos in 2015. However, there were few opportunities to play. In September 2016, he moved to J2 League club FC Machida Zelvia on loan. Although he returned to Yokohama in 2017, he moved to J2 club Avispa Fukuoka on loan in July. In 2018, he returned to Yokohama again and he played many matches from 2018. In 2019, Yokohama won the J1 champions. He also scored 15 goals and became a top scorer with teammate Marcos Júnior and was selected "J.League MVP".

In December 2019, Nakagawa was selected the Japan national team for 2019 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against Hong Kong on December 14.

111||29||5||0||22||6||6||3||144||38
111||29||5||0||22||6||6||3||144||38

!Total||2||0

A Special Day

A Special Day () is a 1977 Italian Canadian drama movie directed by Ettore Scola and starring Sophia Loren, John Vernon, Marcello Mastroianni, Vittorio Guerrieri, Alessandra Mussolini. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1978.

Koki Ogawa

Ogawa was born in Yokohama on August 8, 1997. After graduating from Toko Gakuen High School, he joined J1 League club Júbilo Iwata in 2016. However he could not play many matches and he moved to J2 League club Mito HollyHock in July 2019. He scored 7 goals in 17 matches. In 2020, he returned to Iwata which was relegated to J2 from the 2020 season.

In 2017, Ogawa was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2017 U-20 World Cup. At this tournament, he scored a goal against South Africa in first match. However, because he was injured in the second match against Uruguay, he could not play in later matches. In December 2019, he was selected the Japan national team for 2019 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted and scored a hat-trick against Hong Kong on December 14.

72||17||3||1||16||4||91||22
72||17||3||1||16||4||91||22

!Total||1||3

El Santo de la Espada

El Santo de la Espada (in English, "The Saint of the Sword") is a 1970 Argentine biographical movie directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson and was based on the novel by Ricardo Rojas. It stars Alfredo Alcón, Evangelina Salazar, Lautaro Murúa, Ana María Picchio, Héctor Alterio, Héctor Pellegrini, Alfredo Iglesias, Hugo Arana.

Daiki Suga

Suga was born in Otaru on September 10, 1998. He joined J2 League club Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo from their youth team in 2016. Consadole won the champions in 2016 and was promoted to J1 League. He played many matches as left side midfielder from 2017.

In May 2019, Suga was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América, but he did not play in the match. In December, he was selected the Japan for 2019 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted and scored 1 goal against Hong Kong on December 14.

121||4||5||0||16||1||142||5
121||4||5||0||16||1||142||5

!Total||1||1

Teruki Hara

Hara was born in Saitama Prefecture on July 30, 1998. After graduating from Funabashi Municipal High School, he joined J1 League club Albirex Niigata in 2017. He played many matches as defensive midfielder and side back from first season. However Niigata was relegated to J2 League end of the 2017 season. In 2019, he moved to J1 club Sagan Tosu. In 2021, he moved to Shimizu S-Pulse.

In 2017, Hara was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2017 U-20 World Cup. At this tournament, he played all 4 matches as defensive midfielder. In May 2019, he was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América. At this tournament, he debuted as right side back against Chile on June 17.

90||1||4||0||9||0||103||1
90||1||4||0||9||0||103||1

!Total||1||0

The Truce (1974 movie)

The Truce () is a 1974 Argentine romantic drama movie directed by Sergio Renán (who also stars) and was based on the 1960 novel of the same name by Mario Benedetti. It stars Héctor Alterio, Luis Brandoni, Ana María Picchio, Marilina Ross, Hugo Arana and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1975. It was remade in 2003.

Tic-tac-toe

Tic-tac-toe, also called noughts(/cricles) and crosses or X's and O's(/0's(/zeroes)) is a game for two people that only requires pencil and paper, although you can also use a board with tokens.

The board (which can be a drawing on a paper or other place) consists of a square that is crossed by two vertical and two horizontal lines, so in total there are three small squares left in the top line, another 3 in the center line and 3 more in the bottom line.

Each player takes turns drawing a cross or a circle in a square (or placing tokens of different shapes or colors) The winner is the one who manages to place three equal pieces in a row, either vertically, horizontally or diagonally.

Yuta Nakayama

Nakayama was born in Ryugasaki on February 16, 1997. He joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol from their youth team in 2015. He played many matches as center back from 2016. In 2017, he was selected "Best Young Player award". In January 2019, he moved to Dutch Eredivisie club Zwolle.

In 2017, Nakayama was selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2017 U-20 World Cup. At this tournament, he played all 4 matches as center back with Takehiro Tomiyasu. In May 2019, he was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América. At this tournament, he debuted against Chile on June 17.

88||6||6||0||11||0||5||0||110||6
18||2||1||0||colspan="2"|-||colspan="2"|-||19||2
106||8||7||0||11||0||5||0||129||8

!Total||5||0

Yugo Tatsuta

Tatsuta was born in Shizuoka on June 21, 1998. He joined J1 League club Shimizu S-Pulse from their youth team in 2017. He played many matches from 2018.

In May 2019, Tatsuta was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América. At this tournament, he debuted as center back against Uruguay on June 20.

80||3||6||0||10||0||96||3
80||3||6||0||10||0||96||3

!Total||1||0

Kyogo Furuhashi

Furuhashi was born in Ikoma on January 20, 1995. After graduating from Chuo University, he joined J2 League club FC Gifu in 2017. He played many matches from first season. In August 2018, he moved to J1 League club Vissel Kobe. Vissel won the champions in 2019 Emperor's Cup which is first major title in the club history.

On November 19, 2019, Furuhashi debuted for the Japan national team against Venezuela.

142||44||8||2||2||0||7||3||159||49
142||44||8||2||2||0||7||3||159||49

!Total||1||0

Tsuyoshi Watanabe

Watanabe was born in Saitama Prefecture on February 5, 1997. After graduating from Chuo University, he joined J1 League club FC Tokyo in 2019. He played many matches as center back from first season.

In December 2019, Watanabe was selected the Japan national team for 2019 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against Hong Kong on December 14.

54||4||1||0||12||1||7||0||74||5
54||4||1||0||12||1||7||0||74||5

!Total||1||0

Shunta Tanaka

Tanaka was born in Osaka Prefecture on May 26, 1997. After graduating from Osaka University of Health and Sport Sciences, he joined J1 League club Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo in 2020. He played many matches as center back from first season.

In December 2019, when Tanaka was a Osaka University of Health and Sport Sciences student, he was selected the Japan national team for 2019 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against Hong Kong on December 14.

31||2||0||0||3||0||34||2
31||2||0||0||3||0||34||2

!Total||1||0

Taiyo Koga

Koga was born in Niigata Prefecture on October 28, 1998. He joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol from their youth team in 2017. In June 2018, he moved to J2 League club Avispa Fukuoka on loan. He played many matches as center back. In 2019, he returned to Kashiwa which was relegated to J2 from 2019. Kashiwa was returned to J1 in a year.

In December 2019, Koga was selected the Japan national team for 2019 E-1 Football Championship. At this tournament, he debuted against Hong Kong on December 14.

100||2||3||1||14||0||117||3
100||2||3||1||14||0||117||3

!Total||1||0

Yukinari Sugawara

Sugawara was born in Toyokawa on June 28, 2000. He joined J1 League club Nagoya Grampus from their youth team in 2018. He played as right side back from first season. In June 2019, he moved to Dutch Eredivisie club AZ Alkmaar.

In 2017, Sugawara was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2017 U-17 World Cup. In 2019, he was also selected the Japan U-20 national team for 2019 U-20 World Cup. On October 9, 2020, he debuted for the Japan national team against Cameroon.

13||0||1||0||10||0||colspan="2"|-||24||0
16||2||1||0||colspan="2"|-||11||1||28||3
29||2||2||0||10||0||11||1||52||3

!Total||1||0

Karima Adebibe

Karima Adebibe (also known as Karima McAdams, born 14 February 1985) is an English actress and model.

Adebibe was born in Bethnal Green, in Tower Hamlets, London, England and brought up in Tangier. She then again went back to the UK.

Initially she worked as a secretary. In 2006, Adebibe was selected as the seventh model of , the fictional character in the video game series "Tomb Raider". As the actress for the character she promoted the game series by demonstrating typical characteristics of the character like martial arts and elocution. She ceased to perform as the character in 2008. Adebibe was featured in the hot list of the British magazine Zoo.

She also appeared in a role of the 2004 movie "Alien vs. Predator." In 2009 she appeared in the movie "Frontier Blues."

List of Meitei gods and goddesses

Meitei deities or Manipuri deities refer to the gods and goddesses of Meitei mythology and religion. The major deities include Atingkok, Leimarel Sidabi, Sanamahi, Pakhangba, Imoinu and a few others.

Here is a list of the divinities, affiliated with Sanamahism, the Meitei religion.


Dariush Farhang

Dariush Farhang (Persian: داریوش فرهنگ , November 28, 1947 Abadan) is an Iranian Movie director,screenwriter and Actor. 

In 1963, he graduated from the Faculty of Fine Arts, University of Tehran, majoring in theater directing.In 1981,He started his career in cinema by writing screenplays and directing Movies. 

Mount Davis (Pennsylvania)

Mount Davis is the largest mountain in Pennsylvania. It is in southeast Pennsylvania.

Hisanori Shirasawa

Shirasawa was born in Kobe on December 13, 1964. After graduating from high school, he joined Yanmar Diesel in 1983. He played 93 games until 1992. In 1993, he moved to Kyoto Purple Sanga and retired at the end of the season.

In 1988, Shirasawa was selected the Japan national "B team" for 1988 Asian Cup. At this competition, he played 3 games. However Japan Football Association don't count as Japan national team match because this Japan team was "B team" not "top team".

Dodge WC series

The Dodge WC series, sometimes nicknamed 'Beeps', were a prolific range of light 4WD and medium 6WD military utility trucks, produced by Dodge / Fargo during World War II. Together with the ⁄-ton jeeps produced by Willys and Ford, the Dodge ⁄‑tons and ⁄‑tons made up nearly all of the light 4WD trucks supplied to the U.S. military in WWII – with Dodge contributing some 337,500 4WD units (over half as many as the jeep).

Contrary to the versatility of the highly standardized jeep, which was mostly achieved through field modification, the Dodge WC‑series came in many different, purpose-built, but mechanically uniform variants from the factory, much akin to the later family of High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicles. The WC series evolved out of, and was part of a more extended family of trucks, with great mechanical parts commonality, that included open- and closed-cab cargo trucks and weapons carriers, (radio) command cars, reconnaissance vehicles, ambulances, carryalls, panel vans, and telephone installation and mobile emergency / field workshop trucks.

The Dodge WC series were essentially built in two generations. From 1940 to early 1942, almost 82,400 of the ⁄‑ton 4×4 Dodge trucks were built — initially called the VC series, but the great majority (from 1941) in the WC series, and in more variants. Contrary to what the nomenclature would suggest, the 1941 WC models were a direct evolution of the 1940 VC models, retaining the U.S. Army's G-505 Ordnance Corps Supply Catalog number.

In 1942, the payload was upgrated, and the trucks grew into the G-502 ⁄-ton 4×4 Truck (Dodge) and the G-507 1⁄‑ton 6x6 personnel and cargo truck (Dodge) — confusingly retaining the Dodge WC model code. Although the ⁄‑tons featured significant design improvements, they did retain some 80% interchangeable components and service parts with the ⁄‑ton models — a vital Army requirement, for field maintenance and operability of the trucks.

Dodge was the U.S. Army's main supplier of ⁄‑ton trucks, and its sole supplier of both ⁄‑ton trucks and 1⁄‑ton 6x6 trucks in World War II. With over a quarter million units built through August 1945, the G-502 ⁄‑tons were the most common variants in the WC‑series.

After the war, Dodge developed the ⁄-ton WC‑series into the civilian 4×4 Dodge Power Wagon; and in 1951, the WCs were replaced by the very similar ⁄‑ton 4x4 Dodge M-series vehicles .

Though the majority of Dodges built were 'Weapons Carriers', "WC" was not abbreviated from this, but a general Dodge model code – initially "W" for 1941, and "C" for a (nominal) half-ton payload rating. However, the "WC" model code was simply retained after 1941 — for both the ⁄-ton, as well as the 1⁄‑ton rated 6x6 Dodges.

All in all, not counting mechanically related variants, the WC series alone involved 52 model versions (thirty ⁄‑ton 4×4, eight ⁄‑ton 4×2, twelve ⁄‑ton 4×4, and two 1⁄‑ton 6×6 models). Creating vehicles of a common platform in such a variety of designs, with payloads ranging from ⁄‑ton to 1⁄‑tons, had no equal in its time, and is seen as an extraordinary feat of the WWII American auto industry.

Auburn Hills, Michigan

Auburn Hills is a city in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. 24,360 people lived here at the 2020 census.

The automobile manufacturer Chrysler is headquartered in the city.

Bayburt

Bayburt is a city in northeastern Turkey. The city is in the Black Sea Region. In 2012, 35,947 people lived there.

Emma Taylor-Isherwood

Emma-Rose Taylor-Isherwood (born April 27, 1987) is an American actress. She played the roles of Miffy in "" and Mona Parker in "Mona the Vampire" and Josie Trent in the science fiction program "Strange Days at Blake Holsey High".

Taylor-Isherwood was born in Toronto. She began her career at the age of nine, with a voice role in the animated special "Teddy Bears Rescue", before lending her voice for "" and "Mona the Vampire". She has appeared in movie including "Tales from the Neverending Story", "The Shipping News" and "Who Gets The House".

Kangla

The Palace of Kangla () was the earliest known fortified capital city of Ancient Manipur. It served as the seat of administration of the rulers of many dynasties, right from the reign of Emperor Tangja Leela Pakhangba in 1445 BC (15th century BC), though significant advanced developments belonged to the post periods of Nongda Lairen Pakhangba (33 AD - 153 AD).



Bihu Loukon

The star fort located at Maklang, Imphal West, Manipur, India. It is hypothesized that, it is constructed taking in to account, the holy drawing of one of the supreme God of Meitei religion, Ibudhou Pakhangba. The drawing itself is known as, "Ibudhou Pakhangba gi Paphal".<mapframe latitude="24.8052141" longitude="93.8195098" zoom="12" width="400" height="300" align="right" />

The Bihu Loukon () is an ancient star shaped mud fort located in the Maklang region of Imphal West district in the Indian state of Manipur.

Riccione

Riccione is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. It is on the Adriatic Sea and has about 35,000 people.

Langthabal Konung

"Langthabal Konung" () is an old royal palace in the Langthabal (Canchipur) region in the Imphal West district of Manipur. It served as the seat of administration of many rulers of Medieval Manipur.



Chauchat

The Chauchat ("Show-sha", [ʃoʃa]) is a gun. It was the standard light machine gun or "machine rifle" of the French Army during World War I (1914–18). Its official designation was "Fusil Mitrailleur Modele 1915 CSRG" ("Machine Rifle Model 1915 CSRG"). Beginning in June 1916, it was placed into regular service with French infantry, where the troops called it the FM Chauchat, after Colonel Louis Chauchat, the main contributor to its design. The Chauchat in 8 mm Lebel was also extensively used in 1917–18 by the American Expeditionary Forces (A.E.F.), where it was officially designated as the "Automatic Rifle, Model 1915 (Chauchat)". A total of 262,000 Chauchats were manufactured between December 1915 and November 1918, including 244,000 chambered for the 8mm Lebel service cartridge, making it the most widely manufactured automatic weapon of World War I. The armies of eight other nations—Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, Poland, Romania, Russia, and Serbia—also used the Chauchat machine rifle in fairly large numbers during and after World War I.

Sana Konung

The Sana Konung () is the Royal Palace of the rulers of Manipur, from the annexation of the Kangla by the British Forces in the Modern Manipur to the present day. In recent years, the ruling titular monarch of Manipur is facing struggles against the "Government of Manipur" regarding the conversion of the historical building from the Royal residence into a public museum.


Rúben Dias

Rúben dos Santos Gato Alves Dias (born 14 May 1997) is a Portuguese football player. He plays as a centre-back for Manchester City and the Portugal national team.

Benfica

Manchester City

Portugal

Individual

Julian Brandt

Julian Brandt (born 2 May 1996) is a German football player. He plays as a left winger or attacking midfielder for Borussia Dortmund and the Germany national team.

Borussia Dortmund
Germany U19

Germany U23

Germany

Individual

Saffré

Saffré is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Aignan-Grandlieu

Saint-Aignan-Grandlieu is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-André-des-Eaux, Loire-Atlantique

Saint-André-des-Eaux is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Aubin-des-Châteaux

Saint-Aubin-des-Châteaux is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Colomban

Saint-Colomban is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Sainte-Anne-sur-Brivet

Sainte-Anne-sur-Brivet is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Sainte-Luce-sur-Loire

Sainte-Luce-sur-Loire is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Sainte-Pazanne

Sainte-Pazanne is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Camden, Tennessee

Camden is a city in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Benton County.

Amir Hossein Arman

Amir Hossein Arman () is an Iranian actor, singer and model born on November 5, 1982 in Tehran, Iran.
He graduated in the field of Interior Decoration Design. 

He attended theater classes in Iran before embarking on his artistic career.
He started his career with playing a role in the movie "Marriage, Iranian Style" directed by Hassan Fathi in 2004. He has performed as a singer in various productions.Shadi Mokhtari

Arman also acted in several TV series, such as "Kimia" and "Paria". These made him more famous than before.
In his acting career, Arman has roles in different genres such as drama, romance, Mysterious crime and humor genre.
In 2021, Amirhossein Arman had the most different role in the "Red Square series", which appeared with a different face and style.

Amir Hossein loves nature and off-road trips. He travels when he has free time and prefers to be away from the city. He is an "honorary environmentalist".

In addition to acting, Amirhossein has worked with some brands as model. After starring in the home media series "Mannequin", he was invited as a model for a menswear manufacturer. His advertising billboards had shown in the city streets moreover he starred TV teasers for that brand. Those teasers were broadcast on TV every day that year. His contract was for about a year, and after that, when he starred in the series "Red Square", he was selected as an advertising model for another brand, but second brand did not have T.V. teasers and all collaborates was shown in the medias of that brand.

He started his singing career with the song "Towards you" that released in 2013.

The first performance took place on September 19, 2016, in Celebration of Cinema critics. 
He also performed on 3stars TV in March 2017 and on plus1 TV in December 2017. On December 23, 2017he sang live "Dele Divaneh" during playback of "The Yalda night" in Kourosh cinema.

Rayne, Louisiana

Rayne is a small city in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the second most populous municipality in Acadia Parish (after Crowley)

Jeanerette, Louisiana

Jeanerette is a small city in Iberia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Oakdale, Louisiana

Oakdale is a small city in Allen Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Kinder, Louisiana

Kinder is a small town in Allen Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Reconoci.do

reconoci.do is an activist group in the Dominican Republic. The group fights discrimination against Dominicans who have ancestors from Haiti. There is a very long history of this kind of discrimination in the Dominican Republic. In the 1930s, the country even massacred people it thought were Haitian. Recently, it has tried to take citizenship away from people it believes are Haitian. reconoci.do holds protests against these actions and helps Dominicans with Haitian ancestors develop positive identities.

Remo Freuler

Remo Marco Freuler (born 15 April 1992) is a Swiss football player. He plays as a midfielder for Nottingham Forest, and the Switzerland national team.

Sainte-Reine-de-Bretagne

Sainte-Reine-de-Bretagne is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Mer-Morte

Saint-Étienne-de-Mer-Morte is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Castagnole Piemonte

Castagnole Piemonte is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Agliè

Agliè is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Airasca

Airasca is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Moussa Sissoko

Moussa Sissoko (born 16 August 1989) is a French football player. He plays as a midfielder for Nantes and the France national team.

Saint-Fiacre-sur-Maine

Saint-Fiacre-sur-Maine is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Bosconero

Bosconero is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Chialamberto

Chialamberto is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Bardonecchia

Bardonecchia is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Ala di Stura

Ala di Stura is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Requiebro

Requiebro is a 1955 Argentine musical comedy movie directed by Carlos Schlieper and starring Carmen Sevilla, Ángel Magaña, Ricardo Castro Ríos, Manuel Perales, Irma Roy.

Ashes of Paradise

Ashes of Paradise () is a 1997 Argentine crime thriller movie directed by Marcelo Piñeyro and starring Héctor Alterio, Cecilia Roth, Leticia Brédice, Leonardo Sbaraglia, Jorge Marrale.


The Lighthouse

El faro (The Lighthouse) is a 1998 Argentine Spanish drama movie directed by Eduardo Mignogna and starring Ingrid Rubio, Norma Aleandro, Jorge Marrale, Ricardo Darín, Norberto Díaz, Mariano Martínez, Paola Krum.

Antigua, My Life

Antigua, My Life () is a 2001 Argentine Spanish drama movie directed by Héctor Olivera and was based on the novel by Marcela Serrano. It stars Ana Belén, Cecilia Roth, Daniel Valenzuela, Jorge Marrle, Juan Leyrado, Alfredo Casero.

The Domino Kid

The Domino Kid is a 1957 American western movie directed by Ray Nazarro and starring Rory Calhoun, Kristine Miller, Andrew Duggan, Yvette Dugay, Peter Whitney, Eugene Iglesias. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

The Plague (1992 movie)

The Plague (original title: La Peste) is a 1992 Argentine British French drama movie directed by Luis Puenzo and was based on the 1947 novel of the same name by Albert Camus. It stars William Hurt, Sandrine Bonnaire, Raul Julia, Robert Duvall, Jean-Marc Barr, Horacio Fontova, Victoria Tennant, China Zorrilla, Norman Briski.


Aballay (movie)

Aballay () is a 2010 Argentine Spanish action drama movie directed by Fernando Sniper and was based on the short story of the same name by Antonio Di Benedetto. It stars Pablo Cedrón, Nazareno Casero, Mariana Anghileri, Lautaro Delgado, Horacio Fontova.

Ay Juancito

Ay Juancito is a 2004 Argentine biographical drama movie directed by Héctor Olivera and starring Adrián Navarro, Inés Estévez, Leticia Brédice, Norma Aleandro, Jorge Marrale, Alejandro Awada, Atilio Pozzobón, Laura Novoa.

Imphal

Imphal (, ) is the capital city of the Indian state of Manipur. The ancient Kangla is in the heart of the city, which was the center of administration of many rulers in both Ancient Manipur as well as Medieval Manipur.


Meitei literature

Meitei literature or Manipuri literature is the literature written in Meitei language (officially called Manipuri language). It refers to the texts composed in Meitei language since the 15th century BC till present. Most of them are associated with prose, fiction, drama, poetry and Sanamahism, the Meitei religion, and were composed in Ancient Manipur, Medieval Manipur and Modern Manipur. The Puya (Meitei texts) served as the only basis of literature, besides the oral literature, in both ancient and medieval times.


Cocaine Wars

Cocaine Wars is a 1985 Argentine American action movie directed by Héctor Olivera and starring John Schneider, Federico Luppi, Royal Dano, Rodolfo Ranni, Kathryn Witt, Ivan Grey, Richard Hamlin, Edgar Moore.


Whoopee! (movie)

Whoopee! is a 1930 American musical comedy movie directed by Thornton Freeland and starring Eddie Cantor, Ethel Shutta, Paul Gregory, Eleanor Hunt, Jack Rutherford, Walter Law, Spencer Charters. It was distributed by United Artists. The movie was nominated for Best Art Direction in 1931.


Baldissero Canavese

Baldissero Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Albiano d'Ivrea

Albiano d'Ivrea is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Almese

Almese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Alpette

Alpette is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Alpignano

Alpignano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Andezeno

Andezeno is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

I, the Worst of All

I, the Worst of All () is a 1990 Argentine Mexican biographical movie directed by María Luisa Bemberg and was based on the novel "Sor Juana: Or, the Traps of Faith" by Octavio Paz. It stars Assumpta Serna, Dominique Sanda, Héctor Alteio, Lautaro Murúa, Graciela Araujo, Rosario Bléfari.

Chieri

Chieri is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Andrate

Andrate is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Angrogna

Angrogna is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Arignano

Arignano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont. As of 31 December 2019, 1,081 people lived there.

Lake Arignano is in the comune.

Avigliana

Avigliana is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Azeglio

Azeglio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Bairo

Bairo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Balangero

Balangero is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Baldissero Torinese

Baldissero Torinese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Balme

Balme is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Banchette

Banchette is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Barbania

Barbania is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Barone Canavese

Barone Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Beinasco

Beinasco is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Bibiana, Piedmont

Bibiana is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Campiglione-Fenile

Campiglione-Fenile is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Bobbio Pellice

Bobbio Pellice is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Bollengo

Bollengo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Borgaro Torinese

Borgaro Torinese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Roger Couderc

Roger Couderc is a French sports journalist, specialist in rugby, born July 12, 1918 in Souillac (Lot) and died February 25, 1984 in Bron.

His enthusiastic comments on television and radio have gone a long way in expanding the popularity of rugby in France, especially north of the Loire. The players of the France team nicknamed him "the sixteenth man of the XV of France".

Anthony Lopes

Anthony Lopes (born 1 October 1990) is a French-Portuguese football player. He plays as a goalkeeper for Olympique Lyonnais and the Portugal national team.

Lyon

Portugal

Individual

Orders

Givors

Givors is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Rhône department in the east of France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Montluc

Saint-Étienne-de-Montluc is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

The Upside Down Show

The Upside Down Show is a television show. It aired in 2006. It was produced by Sesame Workshop and Blink Films for a channel called Noggin.

The show is set in a strange apartment building. All of the doors and windows lead to a variety of unusual rooms. The main characters are brothers Shane and David (played by the Umbilical Brothers). They live in the apartment building with their sidekick Puppet, their neighbor Mrs. Foil, and a group of fuzzy creatures called the Schmuzzies.

There were only 13 episodes, but the series had eight separate DVD releases.

Starachowice

Starachowice is a town in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in Poland. In 2017, 49,513 people lived there.

Jihlava

Jihlava () is a city in the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Vysočina Region. In 2020, 51,216 people lived there.

The city is on the Jihlava river () on the historical border between Moravia and Bohemia. It is the oldest mining town in the country.

Hradec Králové

Hradec Králové () is a city in the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Hradec Králové Region. It has about 93,000 inhabitants.

Julia Letlow

Julia Janelle Letlow (née Barnhill; born March 16, 1981) is an American politician and academic administrator. She is the United States representative of Louisiana's 5th congressional district since April 14, 2021.

Letlow's husband, Luke Letlow, was elected to the United States House of Representatives for in the 2020 elections, but died from COVID-19 before taking office.

Troy Carter

Troy Anthony Carter (born October 26, 1963) is an American politician. Carter is a member of the United States House of Representatives from Louisiana since 2021. He was a member of the Louisiana State Senate for the 7th district from 2016 until 2021. Carter was a member of the New Orleans City Council and as a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives.

In December 2020, Carter announced his candidacy for the special U.S. House of Representatives election to replace Cedric Richmond. On April 24, 2021 Carter was elected to the U.S. House after winning the run-off election.

Kim Janey

Kim M. Janey (born May 16, 1965) is an American politician. In March 2021, Janey became acting Mayor of Boston. She became mayor when Marty Walsh resigned to become United States Secretary of Labor in March 2021. She is the first woman and first African-American to become mayor of Boston.

In January 2020, she was elected President of the Boston City Council. She has represented District 7 of the city council since January 2018. 

Jeannette Rankin

Jeannette Pickering Rankin (June 11, 1880 – May 18, 1973) was an American politician and women's rights activist. She was the first woman to hold federal office in the United States. She was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives as a Republican from Montana in 1916, and again in 1940.

Rankin died on May 18, 1973, at age 92, in Carmel, California.

Zendeh Rood

Zendeh Rood () is an Iranian TV talk show with a cultural and social focus, which will be broadcast live on IRIB TV5 on Fridays and It is also broadcast on IRIB Shoma at the same time.

"Zendeh Rood" consists of different parts,According to the selected topic, the initial part of the program will be attended by experts from the seminary and the university. The next section will introduce the elite scientific, cultural, sports and top artists in the field of handicrafts and arts in Isfahan province.

In the next section, the prominent artists of Iran will be introduced. During the program, various reports from various places of interest, customs and cultures are prepared and broadcast. Music, anthems and interviews with singers are other parts of the program. There are also sports and competition sections for artists in the show.
Zendeh Rood 98 is one of the series of this TV program that was broadcast in 2019 on the national IRIB TV5 and IRIB Shoma of Iran in two 14-episode seasons.



Taisuke Muramatsu

Muramatsu was born in Yaizu on December 16, 1989. After graduating from Fujieda Higashi High School, he joined Japan Football League club Honda in 2008. In 2009, he moved to J2 League club Shonan Bellmare. He played many matches as center back and Shonan was also promoted to J1 League from 2010. In 2011, he moved to Shimizu S-Pulse. He played many matches as defensive midfielder, not only center back. He also played for Tokushima Vortis (2014), Vissel Kobe (2016) and Giravanz Kitakyushu (2018). He retired end of the 2018 season.

In July 2012, Muramatsu was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. At this tournament, he played 1 match as right side back against Honduras and Japan won the 4th place.

229||7||15||0||32||1||276||8
229||7||15||0||32||1||276||8

Hiyangthang Lairembi Temple

The Hiyangthang Lairembi Temple (, ) is an ancient temple of Goddess Hiyangthang Lairembi (also known as Irai Leima) of Meitei religion (Sanamahism). The sacred building is situated on the hilltop of Heibok Ching in the Hiyangthang, Manipur. Thousands of devotees thronged at the holy site during the festival time of Lai Haraoba of Sanamahism as well as Durga Puja of Hinduism.

The worship of Goddess Hiyangthang Lairembi (alias Irai Leima) was started by the reign of King Senbi Kiyaamba (1467-1508 AD) in Manipur. Right from his era, Sarangthem family members hold grand feasts (Chaklen Katpa) every year in honor of the goddess.

In the 18th century AD, during the reign of King Garib Niwaj (alias "Pamheiba"), Goddess Hiyangthang Lairembi (alias Irai Leima) was converted to Hindu goddess Kamakhya (a form of Durga). The 3rd day of Durga Puja is celebrated as the "Bor Numit" (literally, Boon Day) in the temple.

On the 22nd of March, 1979, an association was formed to worship Hiyangthang Lairembi (Ireima), the traditional goddess.

Irai Leima (later known as Hiyangthang Lairembi) was an exceptionally beautiful princess of Heibok Ching. King Heibok Ningthou, her father was a wizard and black magician. One day, King Kwakpa (Kokpa) of Khuman dynasty saw Irai Leima fishing in the Liwa river. He fell in love with her. He proposed her. Her answer was that her parents' wish will be her wish. So, King Kwakpa and his subjects presented Heibok Ningthou many gifts. King Kwakpa was about to marry Irai Leima if her father didn't reject or to bring her by force if her father rejected. Seeing the immodesty of Khuman Kwakpa, Heibok Ningthou turned all the presents into stone. Kwakpa returned home disappointed.

One day, King Kwakpa got drunk with a juice of the roots of Tera plant ("Bambax malabaricum"). He went to meet Irai Leima, riding on a Hiyang boat. Seeing him coming, she fled to Pakhra Ching. Kwakpa followed her. Seeing all these, Heibok Ningthou turned the Hiyang boat into stone and the oar into a growing tree. Getting furious, Kwakpa turned on Heibok Ningthou to kill him. Then, Heibok Ningthou turned Khuman Kwakpa also into a stone. Irai Leima saw all this and was frightened. She ran away from her own father. She passed the Pakhra Ching, crossed the Liwa river and hid herself inside the grain storehouse of Sarangthem Luwangba. When Luwangba and his good lady Thoidingjam Chanu Amurei left the house for paddy field, Irai Leima came out from her hideout. Meanwhile, she did all the household works for them. When they returned home, she also returned to her hideout again. They were amazed at this but it happened daily. So, one day, the man returned home earlier than normal timing. He found out what was really going on. But when he came near Irai Leima, she was gone below the grain storehouse. He saw nothing under the granary. He was astonished at this. So, he discussed the matter with his clan members. They searched her everywhere but didn't find her anymore.

Irai Leima came to the dream of Sarangthem Luwangba. She told him that she was merged into his clan and became his daughter. The story was told to King Senbi Kiyaamba of Ningthouja dynasty. The King sent maibas and maibis to inspect the case. The maibas and the maibis concluded the strange lady to be a goddess and the deity to be worshipped. King Kiyaamba told Luwangba to worship her. From that year onwards, Irai Leima was worshipped as a goddess.

The first day on which Luwangba saw Irai Leima was the first Monday of the Meitei lunar month of "Lamta (Lamda)". And the day on which the maibas and maibis examine the case was the first Tuesday of "Lamta (Lamda)". Even today, right from the era of King Senbi Kiyaamba (1467-1508 AD), the Sarangthem family members organise a grand feast ("Chaklen Katpa") in honor of the goddess every year. Later, Irai Leima came to be known as Hiyangthang Lairembi.

Devotees believe that Goddess Hiyangthang Lairembi (alias Irai Leima) fulfills one's wish if asked for a blessing on the "boon day" at the right time. The boon day (Bor Numit) coincides with the third day of Hindu festival Durga Puja.

Sanamahi Temple

The Lainingthou Sanamahi Temple is an ancient temple dedicated to Lainingthou Sanamahi, a principal deity in Sanamahism, the Meitei religion. It is in the Sanakhwa Yaima Kollup, Imphal West district of Manipur. Its present architecture was the result of the recreation during the reign of Hindu Manipuri king Kulachandra in the late Medieval Manipur.


Sanamahi Kiyong Temple

The Sanamahi Kiyong () is a Meitei temple. It is built in honor of God Sanamahi of Sanamahism (Meitei religion). It is built on the top of the Selloi Langmai mountains (Nongmaiching mountains) in Imphal East district of Manipur. It was opened on the 8th of June, 2019. It is one of the most visited pilgrimage sites for the Meitei people as well as the other followers of Sanamahi religion in Manipur.


Shunsuke Ando

Ando was born in Setagaya, Tokyo on August 10, 1990. He joined J1 League club Kawasaki Frontale in 2009. Although he debuted in 2011, he could not play many matches. In 2013, he moved to Shonan Bellmare on loan and played 10 matches. In 2014, he returned to Kawasaki.

In July 2012, Ando was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2012 Summer Olympics. Although he did not play in the match, as he was the team's reserve goalkeeper behind Shuichi Gonda, Japan won the 4th place.

15||0||1||0||8||0||0||0||24||0
15||0||1||0||8||0||0||0||24||0

Ebudhou Thangjing Temple

The "Ebudhou Thangjing Temple" (, ) is an ancient temple dedicated to Thangching, the presiding deity in Ancient Moirang, a Southern province in Ancient Manipur. It is in the present day Moirang in Bishnupur district of Manipur. The millennium old legends of the Khamba Thoibi has its roots connected to the sacred temple. Legend says that the famous dance form of Khamba Thoibi Jagoi was first performed in the temple, by Khuman Khamba and Moirang Thoibi as a part of the Lai Haraoba festival.

Barshong Gewog

Barshong Gewog is one of the twelve counties of Tsirang District in Bhutan. It is located some 28 kms from the gewog center Dzongkhag administration, Tsirang.

Bhutan Time

Bhutan Time (BTT) is the time zone of Bhutan. It is +06:00 ahead of Universal Time Coordinated ().

Imphal Polo Ground

The "Imphal Polo Ground" (, ), originally known as "Mapal Kangjeibung" (, ), is the world's oldest polo ground, in Imphal, the metropolis of Manipur. It has its earliest recorded history of existence right from the 15th century BC (3500 years back).


Damphu, Tsirang

Damphu is the headquarter and the capital city of Tsirang District, Bhutan. It is on the national highway from Wangdue Phodrang to Sarpang and Gelephu. It contains Tsirang Dzong and is in Kilkhorthang Gewog.

Maldonado, Uruguay

Maldonado is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Maldonado Department.

Masatoshi Kushibiki

Kushibiki was born in Aomori on January 29, 1993. After graduating from Aomori Yamada High School, he joined J1 League club Shimizu S-Pulse in 2011. He played many matches from 2013. In 2016, he moved to Kashima Antlers. However there were few opportunities to play. In 2017, he moved to J2 League club Fagiano Okayama. In 2018, he moved to Montedio Yamagata.

In August 2016, Kushibiki was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2016 Summer Olympics. At this tournament, he played 1 match against Nigeria in the first match.

155||0||9||0||15||0||0||0||179||0
155||0||9||0||15||0||0||0||179||0

Gelephu

Gelephu is the headquarters and the capital city of Sarpang District, Bhutan. It is one of the fastest growing cities and trading sites of Bhutan.

Riki Harakawa

Harakawa was born in Yamaguchi on August 18, 1993. He joined J2 League club Kyoto Sanga FC from their youth team in 2012. However he could not play many matches. In 2014, he moved to Ehime FC on loan and played many matches. In 2015, he returned to Kyoto. In 2016, he moved to J1 League club Kawasaki Frontale. However there were few opportunities to play. In 2017, he moved to Sagan Tosu. He played 121 matches and scored 16 goals in 4 seasons. In 2021, he moved to Cerezo Osaka.

In August 2016, Harakawa was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2016 Summer Olympics. At this tournament, he played 1 match as central midfielder against Nigeria in the first match.

197||17||13||1||8||1||218||19
197||17||13||1||8||1||218||19

Pho Chhu

Pho Chhu (Male River) is one of the two rivers that join at the confluence below Punakha Dzong to form the Punatsang Chhu. It is originated from Tarina Tsho, Gasa District. 

Borgiallo

Borgiallo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Borgofranco d'Ivrea

Borgofranco d'Ivrea is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Borgomasino

Borgomasino is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Borgone Susa

Borgone Susa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Brandizzo

Brandizzo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Bricherasio

Bricherasio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Brosso

Brosso is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Shinya Yajima

Yajima was born in Saitama on January 18, 1994. He joined J1 League club Urawa Reds from their youth team in 2011. However he could not play many matches. In 2015, he moved to J2 League club Fagiano Okayama on loan. He played many matches as defensive midfielder in 2 seasons. In 2017, he returned to Urawa. In 2018, he moved to Gamba Osaka. However, there were few opportunities to play. In June 2018, he moved to Vegalta Sendai. In 2019, he returned to Gamba.

In August 2016, Yajima was selected in the Japan Under-23 national team squad for the 2016 Summer Olympics. At this tournament, he played all 3 matches and scored a goal against Sweden.

168||18||19||2||23||3||5||0||215||23
168||18||19||2||23||3||5||0||215||23

Brozolo

Brozolo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Bruino

Bruino is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Brusasco

Brusasco is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Bruzolo

Bruzolo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Buriasco

Buriasco is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Burolo

Burolo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Busano

Busano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Bussoleno

Bussoleno is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Buttigliera Alta

Buttigliera Alta is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cafasse

Cafasse is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Caluso

Caluso is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Masashi Kamekawa

Kamekawa was born in Minoh on May 28, 1993. After graduating from Teikyo Daisan High School, he joined J2 League club Shonan Bellmare in 2012. Shonan was promoted to J1 League from 2013. Although he played many matches as left side back from 2013, Shonan was relegated to J2 in a year. In 2015, he moved to Avispa Fukuoka. Although Fukuoka was promoted to J1 in 2016, Fukuoka was relegated to J2 in a year. In 2018, he moved to J1 club Kashiwa Reysol. In 2019, he moved to J2 club V-Varen Nagasaki.

In August 2016, Kamekawa was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2016 Summer Olympics. At this tournament, he played 2 matches as left side back.

235||5||13||0||11||0||4||0||263||5
235||5||13||0||11||0||4||0||263||5

Paro Chhu

The Paro Chhu is a river in the western Bhutan. It is the tributary of Wong Chhu, which is known as Raidak river in its lower reaches. 

Cambiano

Cambiano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Giaveno

Giaveno is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Mo Chhu

Mo Chhu (Female River) is a major river in Bhutan. It joins Pho Chhu in the confluence below Punakha Dzong to form the Punatsang Chhu.

Saint-Gildas-des-Bois

Saint-Gildas-des-Bois is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Neapolitan pizza

Naples-style pizza, or Neapolitan pizza, is a type of pizza made with tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, and basil. It was created in 1889 in Campania, Italy. There are many forms of Neapolitan pizza, but the original one is called Pizza Margherita.

Saint-Herblain

Saint-Herblain is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Hilaire-de-Clisson

Saint-Hilaire-de-Clisson is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Hapta Kangjeibung

"Hapta Kangjeibung" (, ) is one of the world's oldest polo ground, in Imphal, the metropolis of Manipur, India. Besides being a polo ground, it is also one of the largest venues for festivities and fairs in Northeast India.

Saint-Jean-de-Boiseau

Saint-Jean-de-Boiseau is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Joachim

Saint-Joachim is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Julien-de-Vouvantes

Saint-Julien-de-Vouvantes is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Takuya Iwanami

Iwanami was born in Kobe on June 18, 1994. He joined J1 League club Vissel Kobe from their youth team in 2012. Although he debuted in 2012, Vissel was relegated to J2 League end of the 2012 season. In 2013, he became a regular player as center back and Vissel was promoted to J1 in a year. In 2018, he moved to Urawa Reds. Urawa won the 2nd place in the 2019 AFC Champions League.

In June 2011, Iwanami was selected the Japan U-17 national team for 2011 U-17 World Cup and he played 4 matches as captain. In August 2016, he was selected the Japan U-23 national team for 2016 Summer Olympics, but he did not play in the match.

214||9||20||1||33||2||12||0||279||12
214||9||20||1||33||2||12||0||279||12

Saint-Léger-les-Vignes

Saint-Léger-les-Vignes is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Dendropsophus bromeliaceus

Teresensis' bromeliad frog ("Dendropsophus bromeliaceus") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in the mountains in the Reserva Biológica Augusto Ruschi.\

The adult male frog is 16.1–18.4 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog is light brown in color with a wide, cream-colored stripe down each side of its body from the eye to where the legs meet the body. There is another stripe in the middle of the back. There is a triangular mark on the face. The hind legs are cream in color and the front legs and belly are gray. The iris of the eye is black in color.

This is the only frog in "Dendropsophus" whose tadpole swims in rainwater. Instead of laying eggs in a stream or pond, the female finds a place where the leaves of bromeliad plants have formed a bowl with rainwater in it. The tadpoles swim and grow in the water.

Scientists think this frog might be territorial: adult frogs might fight each other for good places to find food and lay eggs. They think the male frogs might help feed and guard the tadpoles.

Scientists named this frog Teresensis meaning "person born in the town of Santa Teresa." They gave it the scientific name "bromeliaeus"' after the bromeliad plants where it lays its eggs.

Saint-Lumine-de-Clisson

Saint-Lumine-de-Clisson is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Lumine-de-Coutais

Saint-Lumine-de-Coutais is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Lyphard

Saint-Lyphard is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Kota Watanabe

Watanabe was born in Kawasaki on October 18, 1998. He joined J2 League club Tokyo Verdy from their youth team in 2016. He played 90 matches for the club in 4 seasons. In August 2019, he moved to J1 League club Yokohama F. Marinos. Yokohama won the J1 champions in 2019.

In May 2019, Watanabe was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América, but he did not play in the match.

118||6||3||0||1||0||2||0||124||6
118||6||3||0||1||0||2||0||124||6

Tatsuya Ito

Ito was born in Taito, Tokyo on June 26, 1997. He moved to Germany and signed with Bundesliga club Hamburger SV in 2015. After playing at the youth team and reserve team, he debuted at top team in the 2017/18 season. However the club was relegated to 2. Bundesliga end of the 2017/18 season. In 2019, he moved to Belgian First Division A club Sint-Truidense.

In May 2019, Ito was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América, but he did not play in the match.

34||0||3||0||37||0
7||0||2||0||9||0
41||0||5||0||46||0

Ryosuke Kojima

Kojima was born in Toyota on January 30, 1997. After graduating from Waseda University, he joined J1 League club Oita Trinita in 2019. In 2020, he moved to J2 League club Albirex Niigata.

In May 2019, Kojima was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América, but he did not play in the match.

22||0||0||0||2||0||24||0
22||0||0||0||2||0||24||0

Taishi Matsumoto

Matsumoto was born in Higashimatsuyama on August 22, 1998. After graduating from Shohei High School, he joined J1 League club Sanfrecce Hiroshima in 2017. In August 2020, he moved to J2 League club Avispa Fukuoka. He played many matches and Fukuoka was promoted to J1 end of the 2020 season. In 2021, he moved to J1 club Cerezo Osaka.

In May 2019, Matsumoto was selected the Japan national team for 2019 Copa América, but he did not play in the match.

43||1||4||0||10||0||4||1||61||2
43||1||4||0||10||0||4||1||61||2

Krishnachandra Roy

Krishnachandra Roy (Bengali: রাজা কৃষ্ণচন্দ্র রায়, 1710-1783) was the king of Nadia. His role in the history of Bengali literature, Bengali culture and Bengali Hindu society is unforgettable. Nadia is considered as the best man of the royal family. He was a scholar, educated in Sanskrit and Persian, and a musician. Krishnachandra, an intensely conservative king, was the patron of the proverbial geniuses of Bengal, such as Ramprasad Sen of Shaktapadavali, Bharat Chandra Raigunakar, the author of the Annadamangal poem, and the humorous Gopal Bhar. Annadamangal Kavya was composed in his royal court. The world famous pottery of Krishnanagar was started on his initiative.

Krishnachandra Roy was a man of strategy. When Nawab Sirajuddaula clashed with the British, he sided with the British. He was captured during the reign of the next Nawab Mir Qasim. He was released due to the intervention of the English. The Company Government conferred the title of Maharaja on him for his loyalty.

His achievement is the worship of Jagadhatri in Bengal and the introduction of Shaktras in Navadvipa. According to legend, Krishnachandra was imprisoned in 1754 for failing to pay taxes to Nawab Alivardi Khan of Bengal. The time was near Durgotsab. When the fort festival was almost over when he was finally released from the Nawab's prison, on his way back to Krishnanagar, the king realized that it was Vijaya Dashami. The king fell asleep in the boat and there he saw in a dream that a purple quadrilateral virgin goddess was telling him to worship her on the Shuklanabami date of the next month of Kartik. As a result, Jagadhatri Puja was introduced. The following year, Jagadhatri Puja was introduced in Chandannagar by his friend Indranarayan Chowdhury. Also, Maharaja Krishnachandra initiated the worship of the idol of Malopara Baroari Jagadhatri (Mother Jaleshwari).

Saint-Malo-de-Guersac

Saint-Malo-de-Guersac is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Ribordone

Ribordone is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Candia Canavese

Candia Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Candiolo

Candiolo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Canischio

Canischio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cantalupa

Cantalupa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

