States' rights

States' rights is a belief found in the United States Constitution in which some rights are reserved for state governments and may not be changed by the federal government. They are also protected by the Tenth Amendment as part of the Bill of Rights. The discussion over states' rights is the oldest constitutional debate in the United States. People are still debating about it.

States' rights, meaning the sovereignty and independence of individual US states, was guaranteed in the Articles of Confederation, the precursor to the US Constitution. It stated that the individual states "hereby severally enter into a firm league of friendship with each other, for their common defense, the security of their liberties, and their mutual and general welfare". The articles created a weak central government with most of the power being kept by the individual states. Within a short time, it was realized that a stronger central government and a constitution was needed.

States' rights were debated at the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia in 1787. The question was the main point of debates between the Federalists and Anti-Federalists while the Constitution was being ratified.

Fueled mainly by the issue of slavery, the question came up during the 1820s and the 1830s, when the United States was expanding westward. Southern states wanted the new territories to allow slavery. Northern states wanted the territory to be free of slavery. As the North's economy grew and the South's economy stalled, the two began moving farther apart on the issue. By the 1840s and 1850s, both had adopted extreme positions, which were based on the morality of slavery and economic self-interests. As long as both North and South had equal representation in the US Senate, neither side could dictate to the other. However, with each new state applying for statehood, the balance of power was threatened. In the 1850s, the issue of secession was raised again. The South made the argument was that when it agreed to join the United States in the late 1780s, it kept the power to cancel the agreement. South Carolina threatened to secede unless the Senate passed a constitutional amendment to give the South “the power she possessed of protecting herself before the equilibrium of the two sections was destroyed.”

Several peaceful attempts were made to find a compromise. The Compromise of 1850, the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850, and the 1854 Kansas–Nebraska Act were aimed at reaching a compromises. However, only the Fugitive Slave Act clearly benefited the South. Northerners bitterly resented the law, which made citizens responsible for catching runaway slaves and returning them to their masters.

While many people believe that the Civil War was about states' rights, not slavery, the Southern states were in favor of states' rights for themselves, not for all states. They did not favor states' rights for new states joining the Union on the question of slavery. They wanted the federal government to decide that all news states would allow slavery. That can be seen in the Fugitive Slave Act of 1793, the Missouri Compromise of 1820, and the 1850 Compromise. All oth themwere designed to force the Northern states to accept slavery in the territories. 

In December 1835, Representative James Hammond of South Carolina proposed the House of Representatives force a gag rule against any member who brought up anti-slavery petitions. It was referred to a committee, which decided the gag order should go into effect for anything regarding slavery. House Speaker James Polk of Tennessee referred the issue to a special committee. The committee chairman was Henry L. Pinckney of South Carolina, who decided that any issue regarding slavery should be tabled without discussion permanently. John Quincy Adams of Massachusetts objected but was outvoted. He fought against the gag rule for the next four Congresses. Each session, he brought up the issue until December 3, 1844, wen the gag rule was finally overturned.

Bleeding Kansas was another case of Southerners fighting against states' rights. Most settlers came to Kansas from North. They were not interested in the conflict over slavery but wanted only to create farms and to live in peace. Kansas was on the border with Missouri, a slave state. Many Missourians were driven to believe that all settlers in Kansas were "negro thieves" and abolitionists. Missourians believed that they had to defend slavery, attacked Kansas communities across the border, and killed or drove out Kansas settlers who were against slavery. Abolutionists also came to Kansas to make sure that it would vote to become a free state. That turned Kansas into a battleground.

Many in the North were in favor of states determining their own course, but when it came to slavery, there was a considerable anti-slavery political faction at work in the North. Many in New England had grown wealthy in the slave trade before it was banned, but that part of the North had become a center for abolitionist movements. Beginning in the 1830s, Northern churches and politicians became prominent in the movement. That contributed to the resentment felt by Southerners. Abolitionists took a hard line against slavery, wanted all slaves freed and to end racial segregation immeduately everywhere in the country. Other groups in the North, notably the Free Soil Party, the wanted to end slavery in the new western territories but for different reasons. They had no slaves themselves, but most were prejudiced against black people and believed the popular idea at the time that blacks were inferior. They wanted the new lands to be for whites only. Southern slaveholders saw no real difference between the two groups and but only that both were against slavery.

During the American Civil War, the struggle over states' rights was between the individual Southern states and the federal government over who ultimately had the political power. Some historians argue slavery was the man cause of the war, and others say states' rights was the cause, but both issues were very closely connected. At issue was whether the federal government could regulate or even end slavery within the terrritories. There were other factors that divided the country between Southern slaveholding states and Northern industrial states. The South saw the institution of slavery as necessary to its economy and its way of life. Even Southern churches supported slavery when Northern churches saw the ownership of another person as an abomination.

Those who defended Southern states' rights pointed to the Tenth Amendment:
The Constitution did not even mention the word "slave". The framers of the Constitution, many of them slave owners, wanted to avoid the problem at the federal level. The only reference was to the three-fifths rule, which counted three-fifths of a state's slave population which gave a state extra representation, extra votes in the Electoral College, and an increase in its direct taxes. There, the text said not "slaves" but used the expression "all other persons" to mean the same thing.

On March 4, 1861, Abraham Lincoln gave his first inaugural address as part of his being sworn in as 16th President of the United States. The speech was addressed primarily to South ern states and was intended to lay out his intended policies and desires toward the South. There, seven states had formed the Confederate States of America. His speech was written in a spirit of friendship toward the seceded states.

He touched on several points. Lincoln promised not to interfere with slavery in the states in which it already existed. He said that there would be no federal hostility for the time being towards the states that had seceded . He said, however, that the US government would “hold, occupy, and possess” its property and that it would also collect its taxes. He closed his speech with a warning:

By 1863, two years into the war, Lincoln had changed the focus of the war to slavery and issued the Emancipation Proclamation. It made freeing the slaves a goal of the Civil War. It also weakened Confederate efforts to get help from the United Kingdom and France, which had thought about officially recognizing the Confederacy. As Union troops advanced into Confederate territory, they freed thousands of slaves per day. Manyof them did not wait for the troops but fled their owners to claim their freedom. Five slave states, called the border states, had remained loyal to the Union and were not at war with the federal government. Thus, Lincoln did not have authority to free slaves in those states and so the Proclamation was not applied to those states. The Proclamation also did not apply to Tennessee and to areas within Virginia and Louisiana that Union forces already controlled.

The Thirteenth Amendment, passed on December 6, 1865, abolished slavery in all of the United States and gave Congress the power to enforce it.

The following Supreme Court decisions had to do with states' rights. Some of them were later overturned.



Mk 19 grenade launcher

The Mk 19 (or Mark 19) is a grenade machine gun capable of firing one grenade every second at a maximum range of . The Mk 19 fires 40mm grenades at a rate of 325-375 rounds per minute (rpm). It has a maximum effective range of . It was originally used by the U.S. Navy in Vietnam for river patrol boats. Later it was adopted and improved upon by the U.S. Army. It is a man portable crew-served weapon that can fire from a mounted position. It also fires from a vehicle mounted position (this is the preferred method since the weapon alone weighs ). The ammunition comes in 32 or 48 round ammunition boxes weighing and .


Lampeter

Lampeter (), also known locally as "Llambed", is a town and community in Ceredigion, Wales. In 2011, it had a population of 2,970 people. It is the United Kingdom's smallest university town.

Its population makes it Ceredigion's third-largest settlement, after Aberystwyth and Cardigan.

The town's Welsh name ""Pont Steffan"" means "Stephen's Bridge".

Lampeter is best known as being the founding place of the Free Wales Army, a paramilitary organisation that wanted independence for Wales.

Lampeter is twinned with:

Obergesteln

Obergesteln is a village and former municipality in the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Obergesteln, Oberwald and Ulrichen merged into the new municipality of Obergoms.

Oberwald

Oberwald is a village and former municipality of the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Oberwald, Obergesteln and Ulrichen merged into the new municipality of Obergoms.

Champex-Lac

Champex-Lac or Champex is a village of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Champex-Lac is in the municipality of Orsières.

Champex is also a small ski-resort.


Scripting language

A scripting or script language is a programming language that supports scripts. Scripts are usually short computer programs that do steps that could be done one at a time by a person. This automates a job to make it easier and more reliable. A scripting language is often a simpler language, and easier to learn than other languages, but still can do many things.

Scripts may run inside of another program, like in a web browser or Microsoft Excel. They may also be a "shell" that runs from a command line interface and makes calls to the operating system (OS). The shell is considered "interactive" - the user can choose what to type, and the shell responds to the command. These can be used to control jobs on mainframes and servers.

Some people say a scripting language must be tied to a specific use. Others use a wider definition and include general-purpose programming languages that are interpreted, not compiled. "General-purpose" means it can be used in many ways for different things. Some general-purpose languages (such as Java) have variations that can be scripted . There is no specific rule on what is, or is not, a scripting language.

Some common examples of scripting languages:

Most scripting languages are made to be easy to learn. They often can be either short files with source code, or entered one command at a time in a command line interface, which has a read–eval–print loop (REPL, language shell). This usually means a simple set of commands. There might not be functions or a "main", it just runs from start to finish. If something doesn't work, a programmer can make quick changes and run it again. This makes a scripting language good for making a "rapid prototype" to see if an idea works.

For example, most people do not call Java a scripting language, because of its lengthy syntax and rules about which classes exist in which files, and because Java cannot be executed interactively in a REPL. It needs files with source code, and they can only contain definitions that must be used by a host application or application launcher. (Java is not the same as JavaScript).

But Python allows choices - functions can be put in a file, it can be run without functions and use imperative programming style, or even use it interactively (type and run one line at a time).

codice_1

This one line of Python code prints "Hello World"; no "main()" function or anything else is needed.

A scripting language is usually interpreted from source code or bytecode. However, something has to run the script (interpret it) so the computer understands it. This is an application, or something in the OS. That is often written in a compiled language and distributed in machine code form (as an "executable" that doesn't make sense to humans).

Scripting languages may be designed to be used by the people using a program — end-user development. Other times they may be built by programmers for their own use. Scripting languages often use abstraction, a form of information hiding. This means users do not need to know the details of variable types, data storage, and memory management.

Scripts are often made or changed by the person executing them, but some are shared or sold to others. For example, when large parts of games are written in a scripting language. Sometimes a script can be compiled before others use it. Once compiled, it will run faster and doesn't need another application to run it. And this prevents end users from changing the code.

Early mainframe computers (in the 1950s) were not interactive, but used scripts stored in "batch files". IBM's Job Control Language (JCL) is the common example of a scripting language used to control batch processing.

The first interactive shells were made in the 1960s to help remote operation of the first time-sharing systems. These used shell scripts, which can run computer programs within a computer program, the shell. Calvin Mooers in his TRAC language is generally given credit with inventing "command substitution". This lets commands change the script (self-modifying code). Multics calls these "active functions". Louis Pouzin wrote an early processor for command scripts called RUNCOM for CTSS around 1964. Stuart Madnick at MIT wrote a scripting language for IBM's CP/CMS in 1966. He originally called this processor COMMAND, later named EXEC. Multics included an offshoot of CTSS RUNCOM, also called RUNCOM. EXEC was eventually replaced by EXEC 2 and REXX.

Languages such as Tcl and Lua were made from the start to be general-purpose scripting languages that could be put into any application. Other languages such as Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) could do much of the same, but needed to work only with certain applications. Using a general-purpose scripting language instead of making a new language for each application usually makes it easier for both the person writing the application and the user writing the scripts.

Scripting is sometimes used to connect different applications. This is called glue code, and a language made just for this purpose is a "glue language". Pipelines and shell scripting are common examples of glue languages. But if a lot of logic is written in a script file, it is better to think of it as simply another software application, not "glue".

Glue languages are especially useful for writing and maintaining:

Glue language examples:

Devices like programmable calculators may also have their own glue languages. For example, the Texas Instruments TI-92, by factory default can be programmed with a command script language. The TI-NSpire calculator understands the Lua language. Others understand some kind of Basic language, or maybe Lisp or something else.

This group has come from the automation of job control, which relates to starting and controlling the behavior of system programs, starting from IBM's JCL. Many of these languages' interpreters also work as command-line interpreters such as the Unix shell or the MS-DOS codice_2. Others, such as AppleScript offer the use of English-like commands to build scripts.

When building graphical user interfaces, a way of testing it is needed. Specialized scripting languages were made to control graphic windows, menus, buttons, and so on just like a human user would. Many times, these can be used to copy exactly what a person does (moving a mouse, clicking or typing on a keyboard). This action or set of actions that is copied and remembered is called a macro.

Many large applications include a scripting language built just for that application. The application can be a game or a business program. This type of language is made for a single application. They make look like a general-purpose language (e.g. QuakeC, modeled after C), they have custom features that distinguish them.

This is like an application-specific scripting languages, in that it controls an application, but the language can be used in many applications.

JavaScript started as a language for scripting inside web browsers; but it is now a general-purpose embeddable language. It is also used in Adobe products for instance.

Some languages shift from one type to another over time, usually as they add capability to do more things.


Reckingen-Gluringen

Reckingen-Gluringen was a municipality, in the new municipality of Goms and the district Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004, the former municipalities of Reckingen and Gluringen merged into the new municipality of Reckingen-Gluringen.


Ulrichen

Ulrichen is a village and former municipality of the district Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Ulrichen, Obergesteln and Oberwald merged into the new municipality of Obergoms.

Emilia Lanier

Emilia Lanier (1569-1645) was an English poet, the author of only one book of poems named (in Latin) "Salve Deus Rex Judaeorum".

Emilia Lanier was the first woman in England who published a sepatate book of poems. Her name and surname were written in many ways, Emilia, Aemilia, Amelia, Lanier or Lanyer. She was born in the beginning of 1569. She was baptised on 27 January 1569. She was partly of Italian origin. Her father was Baptist Bassano. He was a musician. He came from Venice. Her mother was Margaret Johnson. For some years she was in informal relation with Henry Carey. He was a cousin and chamberlain of the queen Elizabeth the Great. She got pregnant. She married her cousin Alphonso Lanyer, who was a musician like her father. In 1593 she gave birth to her son Henry who was named after his father, Henry Carey. In 1598 she gave birth to a daughter, Odillya, who lived for only ten months. The poet lived with her son's family. In 1623 he married Joyce Mansfield. Emilia Lanier had two grandchildren, Mary (born 1627) and Henry (born 1630).

Emilia Lanier published her collection of poems in 1611. It contains pieces of religious poetry. They differ from each other in the field of poetic form. Emilia Lanier used many stanzas, build of six lines (rhymed ababcc), seven lines (ababacc or ababbcc that is rhyme royal) or eight lines (abababcc that is ottava rima).

Emilia Lanier is considered to be the Dark Lady of William Shakespeare's sonnets. John Hudson suggests that she was the real author of some Shakespeares plays.


Satyameva Jayate

"Satyameva Jayate" ( ; lit. "Truth alone triumphs.") is a "mantra" from the ancient Indian scripture "Mundaka Upanishad". Upon independence of India, it was adopted as the national motto of India.
It is inscribed in script at the base of the national emblem. The emblem and the words "Satyameva Jayate" are inscribed on one side of all Indian currency. The emblem is an adaptation of the Lion Capital of Ashoka which was erected around 250 BCE at Sarnath, near Varanasi in the north Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is inscribed on all currency notes and national documents.

Angioedema

Angioedema is swelling that is similar to hives, but the swelling is under the skin instead of on the surface.

Hives are often called welts. They are a surface swelling. It is possible to have angioedema without hives.

Angioedema may be caused by an allergic reaction. During the reaction, histamine and other chemicals are released into the bloodstream. The body releases histamine when the immune system detects a foreign substance called an allergen.

In most cases, the cause of angioedema is never found.

The following may cause angioedema:
Hives and angioedema may also occur after infections or with other illnesses (including autoimmune disorders such as lupus, leukemia, and lymphoma).

A form of angioedema happens in families and has different triggers, complications, and treatments. This is called hereditary angioedema.

Institut d'études politiques de Saint-Germain-en-Laye

Institut d'études politiques de Saint-Germain-en-Laye is a special university in France. The school is in Saint-Germain-en-Laye. It was created in 2013.

It is a specialist in the fields of economics, administration, social sciences and politics.


Obergoms

Obergoms is a municipality of the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Obergesteln, Oberwald and Ulrichen merged into the new municipality of Obergoms.


Ain (river)

The Ain (in Franco-Provençal: En) is a river in eastern France. It is a right tributary of the Rhône river. It gave its name to the French department of Ain.

The Ain river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Chazey-sur-Ain in the Ain department.

The source of the Ain is a "karst spring" (a spring that is part of a karst system) in the Jura mountains, between the Conte an the La Favière "communes" (Jura department), at an altitude of about . From here, the Ain flows to the south.

The Ain river flows through 2 regions, 2 departments and 66 "communes". It flows through the following "communes", among others:

Finally, it flows into the Rhône river in the "commune" of Saint-Maurice-de-Gourdans, on the border with the Isère department.

The main tributaries of the Ain river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:



WSTRN

WSTRN is an English West London singing group consisting of Akelle Charles, Louis Rei and Haile. 
They are known because of their debut song, "In2", which was released on 13 October 2015 and peaked at number 4 on the UK Singles Chart. Louis Rei was formerly known as LB, Akelle was formerly known as A-Star and is Haile's cousin.

Human skeleton

human skeleton is the internal framework of the body. It is made up of about 300 bones at birth. As some bones join together, there are 206 bones in adulthood. The bones are at their strongest around age 20. The human skeleton can be divided into the "axial skeleton" and the "appendicular skeleton". The axial skeleton is formed by the vertebral column, the rib cage, the skull and other associated bones. The appendicular skeleton, which is attached to the axial skeleton, is formed by the shoulder girdle, the pelvic girdle and the bones of the upper and lower limbs.

The human skeleton performs six major functions. These are: support, movement, protection, production of blood cells, storage of minerals, and endocrine regulation.

The male and female skeletons are not so different as those of many other primates. There are subtle differences between sexes in the morphology of the skull, teeth, long bones, and pelvis. In general, female skeletal elements tend to be smaller and less robust than corresponding male elements.

The human female pelvis is different from that of males in order to facilitate child-birth. The hips on a female are proportionately wider than males, and so the ball joints at the top of the legs are set more apart than in males. This, and the pelvic shape, gives a birth channel which allows the newborn foetus to pass through. The critical factor is the baby's head, which is much larger than in other primates.

Unlike most primates, human males do not have penile bones. This is an adaptation to the human upright stance.


Brihadisvara Temple, Gangaikonda Cholapuram

Brihadeshwara Temple (also called Gangaikonda Cholapuram temple and Gangaikondacholeeswaram) is a Hindu temple dedicated to Shiva located in Gangaikonda Cholapuram, Ariyalur district, in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. 


Didier Guillemot

Didier Guillemot (born in 1960) is a French doctor, specialized in infection. He was President of the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines" from May 2016 to Septembre 2017.

Graduate from the Paris Diderot University in innovation and public health, he starts his career at Inserm in 1994. He moved to Institut Pasteur in 2001.

He worked on the HIV.
On April 2016, he was elected President of the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines", succeeding Jean-Luc Vayssière. He left his in September 2017 for health reasons.

Joseph Gérard

Blessed Joseph Gérard, OMI (March 12, 1831 – May 29, 1914) was a French Catholic missionary. 

Gérard mostly worked among the Basotho people of modern-day Lesotho and the Free State province of South Africa.

Gérard was beatified by Pope John Paul II on September 15, 1988. His feast day is on May 29.

Ambattur

Ambattur is a neighbourhood place of Northern Chennai. It is located in the Ambattur taluk of the Chennai Corporation, Tamil Nadu. It was added in the part of the Chennai Corporation in the year 2011.

It is one of the fast growing residential area in the Chennai Corporation. The area of the place is 45 km.The neighbourhood is served by the Ambattur Railway Station.

In the time of 1960s Ambattur was a village with large extends of agricultural lands. The Ambattur Lake supported the irrigational purpose.The growth of the village heightened when the Ambattur industrial estate was established in the year 1964.

It was said that the place has got its name of Ambattur from the Tamil words (ஐம்பத்து ஊர்) becvause this place was the colloboration of 50 places.

The population of this area in 2011 is 466,205 with a sex ratio of 985 per 1000 males and literacy rate of 82%.

SJ T21

T21, originally T2 is a diesel-hydraulic locomotive operated by Swedish State Railways () and Nora Bergslags Järnväg (NBJ) of Sweden. 60 units were built during the 1950s by Maschinenbau Kiel and Svenska Järnvägsverkstäderna based on the German DB Class V65. The T21 was technically identical with the MaK 800D. The T21 was used to replace steam locomotives on branch lines. They were used until the 1990s.

The order consisted of 56 locomotives, of which ten were to be built in Sweden with a Swedish hydraulic shift, designated T3, later T22. The shift did not work particularly well, and only four were delivered, the rest with a German shift. Later two units were rebuilt to T21s. NBJ bought four T21 units in 1963.


Vossloh DE 18

The Vossloh DE 18 is a Bo-Bo diesel-electric locomotive. It is the first new diesel-electric locomotive to be built in Kiel since production of the DE 1002 ended in 1993. Up to 60% of the components are shared with the diesel-hydraulic G 18.

The prototype locomotive was shown together with the smaller, diesel-hydraulic G 12 on InnoTrans 2010. The launch customer for the DE 18 was BASF, ordering 2 DE 18 locomotives for services at its plants in December 2011.


SNCF Class BB 61000

The SNCF Class BB 61000 diesel locomotives were built by Vossloh to their G1206 design between 2002-2005 for the French state railways. Twenty three locomotives were built, numbered 61001-61023. As they are operated by the freight sector, the locomotives carry a '4' prefix (i.e. they are numbered 461001-461023).

These are the second locomotives to be numbered in this range, the first being the Class C 61000 (+ TC 61100).

SNCF 040.DF

SNCF 040.DF was a class of one prototype diesel-hydraulic locomotive built for the SNCF built in 1952 by Renault.

In 1962 it was renumbered from 040.DF.1 to BB 60041.

Like the 060.DA, it was delivered in a livery of dark green with a yellow stripe.

TCDD DH3600

TCDD DH3600 were diesel-hydraulic locomotive built for shunting operations on the Turkish State Railways. 38 units were built by Tüvasaş under licence from Maschinenbau Kiel (MaK). In 1980-81 the shunters were rebuilt with Cummins Diesel KT1150L engines.


SNCF Class BB 7200

The SNCF Class BB 7200 is a 1.5 kV DC electric locomotive. It is operated by the SNCF in France. The BB 7200 are part of the "Nez Cassé" family of locomotives. SNCF Class BB 15000 is the alternating current (AC) version. The Class BB 22200 is a dual-voltage version. They are numbered to show that the DC and AC class make the dual-voltage locomotives (7200 + 15000 = 22200). Another similar model is the NS Class 1600. It is operated in the Netherlands. It is a DC locomotive based on the BB 7200.

Locomotive numbers 7209, 7210, 7308 and 7348 have all been destroyed in accidents.

The class are numbered 7201 - 7440. Some have cast plates.
In 2012 and 2013, the locomotives numbered 7311, 7312, 7314, 7325, 7327, 7330m 7332, 7335, 7337, 7339, 7341 and 7342 were modified. They became BB 7600 locomotives. They were operated on the Transilien Paris – Montparnasse line.

Some of the class carry the name of a city in France:

Composition of the Russian Regional Parliaments

Regional parliaments of Russia are the legislative/parliamentary bodies of power in the regions of Russia (Republics, Krais, Oblasts, Autonomous okrugs and Federal Cities of Moscow and St. Petersburg), which have different names, often collectively referred to in the media as regional parliaments. 

The federal structure of Russia includes 83 regional parliaments. The biggest regional parliament is the State Assembly of Bashkortostan which consists of 120 deputies. The smallest one is the Assembly of Deputies of the Nenets Autonomous Okrug which consists of 11 deputies.

In the table are marked in bold parliaments, elected solely by the proportional system. 

Crêt de la Neige

Crêt de la Neige is a high mountain in the "commune" of Thoiry. It is the highest peak in the Jura Mountains and the department of Ain in France.

It is in the Jura Mountains Regional Natural Park ().

Crêt de la Neige is between the "communes" of Lélex (to the northwest) and Thoiry (to the southeast) in the Ain department.

It is found in the "Haute Chaîne", the most eastern and highest chain of the French Jura mountains; it is in the "Pays de Gex" (the Arrondissement of Gex, Ain department), about to the northwest of the city of Geneva.

The Crêt de la Neige is surrounded by the plain of the "Pays de Gex" to the east and the Valserine valley (a valley among the Jura mountains formed by the Valserine river) to the west.

From the summit (or near the summit because it is covered with shrubs and trees), it is possible to see Geneva and the "Pays de Gex" and there is a 360° view over the Lake Geneva, the Valserine valley, La Dôle (a peak of the Jura mountains that is in Switzerland) and the Alps. On a clear day, it is possible to see the Vosges mountains and the Black Forest.

In the past, the official elevation given for the Crêt de la Neige was , and so it appears in old maps, only higher than the near peak of Reculet . But recent studies made by the Institut géographique national (IGN) in Villeurbanne found that the true altitude of the Crêt de la Neige is above sea level.

The easiest route to get to the Crêt de la Neige is from the Tiocan lookout point that is beyond Thoiry.


2016 United States presidential election in California

During the 2016 United States presidential election on November 8, in the state of California, all 55 electoral votes were for Democrat, Hillary Clinton because 61.7% of people in the state voted for her.

The following are poll results from www.realclearpolitics.com All polls showed that Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton had a big lead.

Again, yellow is a victory for Clinton while green is a victory for Sanders.



Udara

Udara is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species are found in the Indomalayan and the Australasian realms.

President-elect of the United States

President-elect of the United States is the title used for an incoming president of the United States between the general election on Election Day in November and noon Eastern Standard Time on Inauguration Day, January 20. During this time, the elected nominee is not in office yet.
Since the election for U.S. president is not by popular vote, the title is used for the apparent winner. The decision is finalized when votes of the Electoral College, cast in December, are counted by a joint session of Congress in early January. 

If the current president has won re-election, they are not given the title of president-elect because he or she is already in office and not waiting to become president. If a new president is scheduled to enter, then the current-standing one is said to hold the office on a lame duck basis.

O.T. Genasis

Odis Oliver Flores (born June 19, 1987) is an American rapper. His stage name is O.T Genasis. He is well known for his songs "CoCo", "Do It" and "Cut It".

Laura Ashley

Laura Ashley (née Mountney; 7 September 1925 – 17 September 1985) was a fashion designer and business woman from Wales. She began by making simple items out of her own printed cloth, but when her work became more popular she opened factories making clothes and furniture too. Ashley, along with her husband Bernard, set up a large business to sell her designs, with 219 across the world. The business faced difficult times in the 1990s, after Ashley's death, but there are still many Laura Ashley shops today, in Europe, Asia and Australia.

Itapúa

The Itapúa department () is a department of Paraguay. The capital is the city of Encarnación.

Its code is PY-7.

The Itapúa department is in the southeastern part of the country, in the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , with a estimated population for 2013 of 551,128 for a Population density of .


The main river in the department is the Paraná river.

, the total amount of precipitation for the year 2012 in the city of Encarnación was . The month with the most precipitation was December with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was January with .

The average temperature for the year 2012 in Encarnación was . The warmest month, on average, was February with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 30 districts:



2016 United States presidential election in Alaska

The 2016 United States presidential election in Alaska was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

On 1 March and 26 March 2016, the state also voted for who they wanted to be the nominee of their respective parties.

Below is a table with the polling results in Alaska. Alaska has voted Republican in the general election since 1968.

The Democratic caucus occurred on 26 March 2016.

The Republican caucus occurred on 1 March 2016.



Dakota people

The Dakota people are a Native American tribe. They are also a part of the First Nations. They make up two of the three main subcultures of the Sioux people. They are usually divided into the Eastern Dakota and the Western Dakota.

The Eastern Dakota are also called the Santee, and are located in the eastern Dakotas, central Minnesota and northern Iowa. They have many federally recognized tribes.

The Western Dakota are also called the Yankton or Yanktonai, and are located in the Missouri River area. They also have many notable federally recognized tribes. They were often mistaken to be the Nakota (who are actually a group of tribes that broke away from the main branches of the Sioux nation in earlier times).

The Dakota lived in Wisconsin and Minnesota in the 17th century. By 1700 some had moved to present-day South Dakota. Late in the 17th century, the Dakota became alliances with French merchants. The French tried to use this alliance to help them control the North American fur trade against the English.

In the late 1850s, treaty violations by the United States and unfair payments by Indian agents (governmental people who were allowed to interact with the natives) led to increasing hunger and hardship among the Dakota. Even though the Dakota tried to negotiate with the U.S. government, nothing was successful. On 16 August 1862, a group of Dakota hunters killed a family of settlers. This led to more attacks on settlers, and soon a full war had begun. On 5 November 1862, 38 Dakota warriors were sentenced to death by hanging. This would later become the largest mass execution in U.S. history.

During and after the revolt, many Eastern Dakota and their family left Minnesota and Eastern Dakota to go to Canada, or settle in the James River Valley in a short-lived reservation. They were then forced to move to the Crow Creek Reservation on the east bank of the Missouri river. Some joined the Western Dakota and moved further west to help the Lakota tribes to continue their fight against the U.S. military.

Others remained in Minnesota and the east, in small reservations that still exist, including Sisseton-Wahpeton, Flandreau, and Devils Lake (Spirit Lake or Fort Totten) Reservations in the Dakotas. Some moved to Nebraska, where the Santee Sioux Tribe today has a reservation on the south bank of the Missouri river.

Those who fled to Canada left nine small reservations for their families in Manitoba (Sioux Valley, Long Plain, Dakota Tipi, Birdtail Creek, and Oak Lake [Pipestone]) and the four more (Standing Buffalo, Moose Woods [White Cap], Round Plain [Wahpeton], and Wood Mountain) in Saskatchewan.

The Dakota language is part of the Siouan languages. People who speak Dakota can also understand the Lakota language. Dakota is written in the Latin script. The language has two major dialects between the Eastern and Western Dakota tribes.


Mie Jans

Mie Leth Jans (born 6 February 1994) is a Danish football defender. She plays for Brøndby IF of Denmark's Elitedivisionen. Since 2013, she has been a member of the senior Danish national team.

Jans started her football career at Dragør Boldklub. She moved to Brøndby and then Ballerup-Skovlunde Fodbold (BSF) in 2012. After two seasons playing in BSF's first team, she went back to Brøndby in June 2014.

Jans's first match for Denmark came in November 2013. She was a substitute for future Brøndby team-mate Nanna Christiansen after 79 minutes of a 5–0 win over Malta in Valetta.


President Lincoln's 75,000 volunteers

President Lincoln's 75,000 volunteers were the militia of the loyal U.S. states called up on April 15, 1861 following the attack on Fort Sumter by the forces of the Confederate States of America. This was the beginning the American Civil War. President Lincoln called for 75,000 volunteers for a period of 90 days. These limits were established by laws that had been passed in the late eighteenth century and were not necessarily a reflection of the number of troops or the amount of time Lincoln actually thought it would take to put down the rebellion. 

Lincoln wrote the proclamation himself showing his lawyer's style of writing:
There was a great deal of tension over the issue of slavery in the Western territories during the presidency of James Buchanan (1857-61). People were taking sides in the issue as never before. When open war broke out in the Kansas Territory (called Bleeding Kansas), Southern slaveholders, Northern abolitionists and Free-soilers flooded into Kansas. Each was trying to influence the vote whether Kansas would join the Union as a slave state or a free state. President Buchanan sent part of the Regular Army to stop the violence but they were too few and too scattered to stop the fighting. 

The abolitionist John Brown who played a part in Bleeding Kansas, seized the Harpers Ferry Armory in 1859. He intended to use the weapons to start a slave uprising in the South. Federal troops were called on to put down the outbreak and capture Brown. 

On November 6, 1860, when Abraham Lincoln was elected President of the United States. South Carolina seceded from the Union. Followed by six more Southern states, on February 18, 1861, at Montgomery, Alabama they formed the Confederate States of America. Their elected president, Jefferson Davis, called for 100,000 volunteers to serve for one year. In less than six weeks, other Southern states seceded. The Confederates seized federal property in the South including several military posts. The exceptions were Fort Sumter in Charleston, South Carolina and Fort Pickens near Pensacola, Florida.

When these seven states seceded, it caused a breakup in the U.S. Army. Many were from the South and felt they had a responsibility to resign from the U.S. Army and join the Confederate Army. In April of 1861, the United States Army had only 16,000 men organized into fewer than 200 companies. Most of them were at posts west of the Mississippi River. While the army was made up of trained professional soldiers, Lincoln realized he could not put down a rebellion of this size with the army he had.

During the Colonial Period in North America, each colony had the right to summon all able-bodied white males to provide for the defense of that colony. Colonies had militia laws that required every able-bodied man to be available for militia duty and to provide his own arms. In 1774 and 1775, the British government, which now had a larger presence, attempted to disarm American colonists. This caused the colonists to form private militias, independent of any control by the governors who were appointed by the British government. The Minutemen who fought the British Army at the Battles of Lexington and Concord were an independent militia. The American colonies saw standing armies as tools of a despotic monarch. 

After the formation of the United States, the founding fathers saw state militias as the main force to defend the new country. They were controlled by the individual states and not by a central government. When the United States Constitution was ratified, it gave the federal government the right to raise a standing army but the feeling at the time was that such an army was to be kept small. This was the prevailing thought up to the 20th century. The Second Amendment to the United States Constitution and other laws of 1792 gave the President the power to call out the state militias to put down rebellion and to fight against any foreign invaders. But, the call for militias had to be authorized by the state legislatures, the militias themselves could only serve for three months in any given year and the size of the militia the President was allowed to call up was limited to 75,000. 

During the War of 1812 militia units had the reputation of being poorly trained and poorly disciplined. Massachusetts and Connecticut refused to call out their militias during this time. Vermont would not allow its militia to serve outside of state borders. From 1815 until 1845, many of the Northern states did not require militia service by their citizens. The Mexican-American War was fought mainly by the regular army and volunteers served for one year terms of service. Very few state militias participated. By the 1840s, with no state laws requiring militia service in many states, the militias were replaced by voluneteer groups who served on weekends and provided their own weapons. In exchange for state-supplied weapons and uniforms, many agreed to become part of their respective state militias, especially in Northern states.

State militias had several shortcomings. During the Revolutionary War and the War of 1812, they developed a reputation as poor fighters and frequent deserters.

When Lincoln called for 75,000 men for federal service, members of his cabinet had advised him to ask for as many as 200,000. However, Lincoln knew that he would be breaking the law if he tried to call up that many men, and on a more practical note he probably also recognized the army did not have the arms or supplies to equip a larger number and so he settled for the legal limit of 75,000. This was still four times the size of the regular army. Each state was given a quota it had to meet based on its population. New York's quota was 17 regiments (13,280 men). Pennsylvania was to send 16 regiments. Other states were given their quotas as well. The slave states refused to send any men, with four of them joining the Confederacy instead. The free states filled out their quotas quickly. Some states did not send any more than their quota required while other states sent more so that Lincoln still got the 75,000 men he asked for. Rhode Island sent four times their quota. Connecticut and Missouri each sent three times their quota. Massachusetts sent two and a half times their quota.

All the new officers and soldiers had to undergo military training. Officers spent their evenings learning tactics and other military matters from books and field manuals. Soldiers spent their days learning to drill and shoot their weapons. Many quickly found that military life was not as romantic as they had pictured it. None realized that training could be the difference between life and death on a battlefield. So training suffered, but the Confederate army had the same problems with their militia units. When the war started, both sides had to depend on their militias.

Congress soon changed the militia law to allow the President to call up serve for longer periods of time.


Survivor Series (2016)

Survivor Series (2016) was a wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) made by WWE for the "Raw" and "SmackDown Live" brands. It happened on November 20, 2016. It happened at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was the thirtieth time a Survivor Series PPV was held and the first to be held in Canada after the Montreal Screwjob in 1997.

Eight wrestling matches were performed at the event. In the most important match, Goldberg beat Brock Lesnar in one minute and 26 seconds in his first match in 12 years. In addition, there were three Survivor Series matches between the wrestlers of "Raw" and "SmackDown".

At WrestleMania XX, Goldberg beat Brock and the next day, both men left WWE. Brock wrestled in New Japan Pro Wrestling, fought in Ultimate Fighting Championship and returned to WWE in April 2012 but Goldberg hardly wrestled again. In 2016, the covers and commercials for the WWE 2K17 video game were shown for the first time and Goldberg was on/in both of them. This made many people think that he would return to WWE and maybe get a rematch with Brock. The two started talking about the match they could have at conventions like the ones for the video game. In October 2017, Paul Heyman said Brock was challenging Goldberg because he was the one wrestler Brock could never beat. That month, Goldberg returned and agreed to fight Brock.

To start the match, Brock pushed Goldberg into the corner and rammed him between the ropes but Goldberg pushed him back hard and Brock fell back. When Brock got up, he took a spear from Goldberg. This happened again and then Goldberg picked Brock up and performed a Jackhammer and won the match.

 Natalya replaced Nikki Bella, who was attacked backstage before the match.


Hérémence

Hérémence is a municipality of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Cooperative

A cooperative (also spelled co-operative, or co-op) is when several people come together in cooperation to reach a common goal through mutural aid. It is a type of organization used to make the lives of its members easier; it is usually not focused on making profit, instead focusing on serving member needs.

Cooperative ownership can have different details about what ownership means and how cooperation works. A basic cooperative-ownership structure has the following characteristics: 


Co-operatives are democratic organizations owned by the people who use them. Cooperative organizations help people adapt to capitalism. 

The first cooperative was a store in Rochdale, England started in 1844. The people who started it wanted food that was cheaper and better quality. Since then, people have found many ways to cooperate. 

Examples of cooperatives:


The International Cooperative Alliance was started in 1885. It reports that there are 800 million cooperative members in the world.


WWE Raw Tag Team Championship

The WWE Raw Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling world tag team championship of WWE, and it's wrestled for on the "Raw" brand. From April 5, 2009 to August 16, 2010 it was made into one with the World Tag Team Championship until the other title was retired. Currently it is made into one with the WWE SmackDown Tag Team Championship as the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Championship.

 After the Brand Extension in World Wrestling Entertainment, the WWE Undisputed Championship and WWE Women's Championship became the only titles allowed to be fought for on both the Raw and SmackDown! brands, while the remaining titles were made where they could only be fought for on their own brands. Originally a part of the SmackDown brand after the company's first brand extension in the spring of 2002, the Tag Team Championship was moved to the Raw brand that following summer. The Tag Team Championship became apart of the Raw brand only, leaving the SmackDown! brand without a tag team title. As a result, SmackDown General Manager Stephanie McMahon, introduced the new "WWE Tag Team Championship" and made it the tag team title for the SmackDown! brand. She stated that the first champions would be the winners of an eight-team tournament. On October 20, 2002, the team of Kurt Angle and Chris Benoit beat Rey Mysterio and Edge at No Mercy in the tournament final to become the first ever WWE Tag Team Champions. 

On October 17, 2007, SmackDown! and ECW announced a talent sharing agreement that made it where talent from either brand's roster can compete on both brands. As a result, the title was fought for on both brands. In late 2008 through early 2009, WWE Tag Team Champions The Colóns (Carlito and Primo) started a rivalry with the World Tag Team Champions John Morrison and The Miz, which resulted in the announcement on the March 17 edition of "ECW" that at WrestleMania XXV both teams would fight for their titles against each other and the winning team would hold both titles. 

The result was the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship, a combination of the two titles though both were kept active by themselves (and thus keeping their own title histories), they were defended as one by one tag team. The champions could appear on and defend the titles on any WWE brand. Though eventually, on August 16, 2010, the World Tag Team Championship was retired in favor of continuing the history of the WWE Tag Team Championship following the introduction of new championship belts to then-champions David Hart Smith and Tyson Kidd of The Hart Dynasty. The champions continued to compete on any brand until the end of the brand extension in August, 2011. However, WWE decided to bring back the brand split in July 2016. During the draft for this, the champions at the time, The New Day, were chosen to wrestle on Raw. This meant that SmackDown didn't have a tag team title. So, SmackDown's general manager Daniel Bryan and commissioner Shane McMahon created the SmackDown Tag Team championship. After this, the WWE Tag Team Championship was renamed the Raw Tag Team Championship.
At WrestleMania 34 on April 8, 2018, the champions at the time, Cesaro and Sheamus, were going to fight Braun Strowman and a partner for him to choose. At the show, Strowman said that his partner would be a fan from the audience. Then, he went out into the crowd and picked a 10-year-old named Nicholas and they beat Cesaro and Sheamus for the titles. This made Nicholas the youngest person to ever win a championship in WWE. The two gave up the titles the next night on "Raw."

On the May 20, 2022, episode of "SmackDown", reigning SmackDown Tag Team Champions The Usos (Jey Uso and Jimmy Uso) defeated Raw Tag Team Champions RK-Bro (Randy Orton and Riddle) in a Winners Take All match to win both championships and become recognized as the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Champions. WWE called the match as a championship unification match; however, both titles remain independently active. The Usos defended both titles together across both brands as the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Championship, but on a couple of occasions in early 2023, they also defended the titles separately.

In the main event of WrestleMania 39 Night 1, The Usos defended the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Championship against the team of Kevin Owens and Sami Zayn. This subsequently made both the Raw and SmackDown titles the first tag team championships to be defended in the main event of WWE's biggest event, WrestleMania. At the event, Owens and Zayn defeated The Usos to become champions. The titles would again be defended in the main event of a pay-per-view and livestreaming event at Night of Champions the following month on May 27 when Owens and Zayn defeated The Bloodline (Roman Reigns and Solo Sikoa).


Perfect Illusion

"Perfect Illusion" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga. It is the lead single from her fifth studio album, "Joanne". The song was released on September 9, 2016. It reached the top twenty in the US, UK, Australia, and Canada. It reached number one in France and Spain.

Georgian Wikipedia

The Georgian Wikipedia is a Georgian language edition of Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Georgian Wikipedia started in November 2003. The Georgian Wikipedia has more than 130,000 articles.

There are 3 administrators and more than 73,000 registered users working in Georgian Wikipedia.


Malagasy Wikipedia

Malagasy Wikipedia is the Malagasy language edition of Wikipedia. Malagasy is an austronesian language mostly spoken in Madagascar as the first language. It is also the national language of Madagascar.

Total number of articles written in Malagasy Wikipedia is 82000+.
This wikipedia has 3 administrators along with 13,423 registered users and 42 active users.

Breton Wikipedia

Breton Wikipedia is the Breton language version of Wikipedia. It was established in June 2004.

Breton Wikipedia reached 20,000 articles in August 2008. It reached 30,000 articles in October 2009. On 2014 July it reached 50,000 articles. It has 69,790 articles as of August 2021. It also became the 71st largest Wikipedia by the article count.

Breton Wikipedia is the second largest Wikipedia of a Celtic language after the Welsh Wikipedia. The total number of registered users in Breton Wikipedia is 34,786.

Tessellation

Tessellation of a flat surface refers to the repeated placement of shapes with no overlaps and no gaps. These shapes are also called "tiles". In mathematics, tessellations can be generalized to higher dimensions and a variety of geometries.

Vítězslav Nezval

Vítězslav Nezval (26 May 1900 – 6 April 1958) was a Czech poet.

Vítězslav Nezval was born in the village of Biskoupky on 26 May 1900. In 1919 started to study law at the University of Brno, but quickly realised that he did not want to be a lawyer. He went to Prague instead and entered the Faculty of Philosophy of Prague University. He attended lectures given by František Xaver Šalda, a famous literary critic, there. He was active in the Devětsil literary group. In 1926 he met Františka Řepová, who later became his wife. During the Second World War he was shortly imprisoned. After the war he worked for the Ministry of Information. He died on 6 April 1958 in Prague.

Vítězslav Nezval was a poet, playwright, author of novels, translator and literary critic. He wrote a lot. He was a representative of Poetismus, which was Czech avantgarde. He was also a leading Czech surrealist. His poetry was strongly influenced by modern French literature. He also wrote a book of ballads in the manner of François Villon "52 hořkých balad věčného studenta Roberta Davida". Nezval's most important works are poems "Edison", "Signál času", "Akrobat" and "Podivuhodný kouzelník". They were collected in the book named "Básně noci". His novel "Valérie a týden divů" was made into a movie in 1970 by Jaromil Jireš. Many his poems were translated into English. For example Ewald Osers translated "Edison".


Bamboo floor

A bamboo floor is a kind of flooring which is made using bamboo plants. Today, most of the bamboo flooring products come from China and other parts of Asia. Moso bamboo is a type of bamboo most commonly used for this type of flooring.

Vinča culture

The Vinča culture was a culture during the stone age, roughly from 5400 BC to 4600 BC. It is named for a large site found close to modern-day Belgrade, Serbia. In addition to the territory of modern-day Serbia, sites have also been discovered in Romania, Hungary and Bosnia. Today, it is known for many ceramic figurines. Some of these figurines also have symbols on them, which have been interpreted as an early form of writing. These symbols are called Vinča symbols.

The Vinča culture was the first to develop the knowledge and skills to process copper, in the late 6th millennium BC. 

Vinča script

The Vinča script is a cache of symbols found belonging to the Vinča culture of the central Balkans over 7000 years ago. The symbols have been a topic of debate amongst historians.

The Tărtăria tablets are three tablets discovered in 1961 in the village of Tărtăria(Hungarian: Alsótatárlaka). This is about 30 km (19 mi) from Alba Iulia in Romania.The tablets, dated to around 5300 BC, have symbols inclay: the Vinča symbols. Some claim they are a yet undeciphered language. If this is so, they would be the earliest known form of writing. In 1908 similar symbols were found during excavations, by Miloje Vasić (1869–1956) in Vinča. This is a suburb of Belgrade (Serbia), some 300 km from Turdaș. Later, more were found in another part of Belgrade. Since 1875 over one hundred and fifty Vinča sites have been found in Serbia alone. Many, including Vinča itself, have not been fully excavated. The culture of the whole area is called the Vinča culture. Although some of these symbols look exactly the same as some letters in Etruscan, Greek, and Aramaic, they are generally regarded as a an original, independent development.

American Expeditionary Force

The American Expeditionary Forces (AEF) were the United States Armed Forces sent to Europe under the command of General John J. Pershing in 1917 to help fight World War I. At first, the AEF fought in France alongside French and British allied forces. The war started in August 1914 and the AEF arrived in April 1917, the last year of the war. They were fighting against the German Empire. In September 1918 the AEF launched its first major offensive as an independent army.

Minister of Foreign Affairs (Azerbaijan)

This is a list of Ministers of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan, from the Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan to the Republic of Azerbaijan.






Hair clipper

Hair clippers are tools used to cut hair very short and close to the scalp. Similar tools are used to cut wool from sheep. 

Hair clippers have two rows of small comb-like blades which move back and forth very fast. The clippers are moved so that the blades cut the hair as it passes through it.

Manual clippers were invented between 1850 and 1890 by Nikola Bizumic, a Serbian barber, and the short hairstyles became popular amongst boys and men in school, prison, and the military.

Leo J. Wahl invented the first electric hair clipper. He first designed a hand-held massager for his uncle, Dr. Frank Wahl. Frank Wahl opened a manufacturing plant in Sterling, Illinois to produce and sell Leo’s massager. Leo would sold massagers to barbers and noticed an opportunity to improve upon the tools barbers were using at the time.

Modern electric clippers often come with "guards". The guards can be attached to the blade to determine how short the hair will be cut. The largest guard is often a #8, which leaves the hair an inch long (25mm). The smallest guard is a #1, which cuts the hair to 3mm. When there is no guard, the clipper completely shaves the hair.

Clippers are often used for men's haircuts as well as cutting facial hair. A popular men's hairstyle is a buzz cut, in which the hair all over the head is shaved very short using clippers. Buzz cuts are often used in the military. Many young boys and teenage boys are given buzz cuts as well because they are easy to take care of.

Merry Christmas with Love

Merry Christmas with Love is Clay Aiken's first Christmas album. It was released by RCA Records on November 16, 2004. It was certified platinum and was recognized by "Billboard" as the Best-selling Christmas/holiday album of 2004 and the Best-selling Christian album of 2005. The album was re-released on August 18, 2009 on the Sony label.

"Merry Christmas with Love" debuted at number four on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart with about 270,000 copies sold. This was its highest position on the chart. By the end of 2004, around 1,004,000 copies of the album had been sold.

The album set a new record for fastest-selling holiday album, since SoundScan began in March 1991. It tied Céline Dion's record for the highest debut by a holiday album in the history of "Billboard" magazine.

On January 6, 2005, "Merry Christmas with Love" was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipments of one million copies in the U.S. Going into the 2010 Christmas season, 1,416,000 copies had been sold in the U.S. and 2 million worldwide.

"Billboard" Awards

American Christian Music Awards

Arauco Province

The Arauco Province () is one of three provinces of the Chilean region of Bío Bío (VIII). The provincial capital Is the city of Lebu.

In 1852, the old province of Arauco was created with the southern parts of the province of Concepción; it had three departments: Arauco, Laja and Nacimiento.

In 1927, Arauco was eliminated as a province and became again part of the province of Concepción but, in 1934, Arauco was made again a province with the departments Arauco, Cañete and Lebu. When the regions were created in 1975, the Bío Bío region was formed with the Arauco, Biobío, Concepción and Ñuble provinces.

The Arauco province is in the southwest of the Bío Bío region along the Pacific Ocean, with an area of . The capital, Lebu, is on the coast about south of Concepción, the capital of the region.

Arauco is bordered to the north by the Concepción province, to the northeast by the Biobío province, to the east by the Malleco province (Araucanía region), to the south and southwest by the Cautín province (Araucanía region and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.

The Mocha island is a small island that is west of the Arauco province, in the Pacific Ocean. It is part of the "comuna" of Lebu. It has an area of about .

 (last national census), there were 157,255 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 117,569 persons ( of the total).

The largest city in 2002 of the province is Curanilahue with 30,126 inhabitants. Its capital Lebu, has a population of 20,838 inhabitants. Other cities are Cañete (19,839 inhabitants), Arauco (16,291 inhabitants) and Los Álamos (13,035 inhabitants).

As a province, Arauco is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 7 communes ("comunas"). The city of Lebu serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Rocky De La Fuente

Roque "Rocky" De La Fuente (born October 10, 1954) is an American businessman, political activist, and politician.

He was the unsuccessful nominee of the Reform Party and that of his self-created American Delta Party for President of the United States in the 2016 election. De La Fuente was an unsuccessful candidate for the Democratic nomination in Florida's 2016 election for United States Senator and for the Democratic presidential nomination in the 2016 primaries.

In May 2019, De La Fuente announced his plans to run for the presidency again, seeking the Republican nomination challenging incumbent President Donald Trump.

De La Fuente was born to Roque Antonio De La Fuente and Bertha Guerra Izaguirre on October 10, 1954 in San Diego, California. He studied at National Autonomous University of Mexico and studied Accounting & Business Administration at Anahuac University.

Between 1976 and 1990, De La Fuente had bought automobile dealerships from Alfa Romeo, American Motor Corporation, Audi, Cadillac, Chrysler, Daihatsu, Dodge, GMC, Honda, and others.

In 2004, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation issued an order barring De La Fuente from participating in an FDIC-insured institution. De La Fuente went to court and the case was resolved.

He owns businesses and properties in the Dominican Republic, Mexico, United States, and Uruguay.

De La Fuente ran a presidential campaign in the 2016 election. De La Fuente sought the Democratic Party's nomination during their presidential primaries. De La Fuente's campaign came in Third behind Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.

De La Fuente founded the American Delta Party and ran as that party's nominee with his running mate Michael Steinberg and was nominated as the presidential candidate of the Reform Party which had ballot access in Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Minnesota and Mississippi.

On June 20, 2016, De La Fuente paid the $10,440 qualifying fee to run for the Democratic nomination of the 2016 Senate election in Florida to decide the Democratic nominee for the Senate seat occupied by Republican Marco Rubio. He competed with Patrick Murphy, Alan Grayson, Pam Keith, and Reginald Luster for the nomination. Murphy won the nomination; De La Fuente came in fourth-place out of five candidates, receiving 60,606 votes (5.38% of the overall vote).

In 2018, De La Fuente, ran for US Senate in seven Republican primaries and the California and Washington open primaries to show how problematic the current election process was. He lost the primaries in Wyoming (1,280 votes, 1.1% of the vote), Hawaii (3,065 votes, 9.4% of the vote ), Minnesota (17,051 votes, 5.9% of the vote), Vermont (1,057 votes, 2.9% of the vote), Delaware (1,998 votes, 5.3% of the vote), and Rhode Island (3,722 votes, 12.3% of the vote). In Florida, he got 11.4% of the vote against Republican Gov. Rick Scott. He also filed to run for the 2018 Senate election in California under the Republican Party to unseat incumbent Dianne Feinstein, but failed in the June 5 primary.

On January 9, 2017, De La Fuente announced his plans to run for president again for the Democratic nomination in 2020. He soon filed to run for the Republican nomination. As of September 30, 2019, he had raised $6,735 from outside sources and had loaned his own campaign $10.18 million. He has qualified as a candidate in Alabama, Delaware, Vermont, Arkansas, New Hampshire, Colorado, and Texas.

On July 30, De La Fuente filed a federal lawsuit against the new California law that says no one can be on a presidential primary ballot unless he or she reveals the last five years of federal income tax returns. On August 6, 2019, he filed a brief on it.
De La Fuente ran as a Republican in the campaign for the U.S. House of Representatives seat for California's 21st district. (Unlike most other states, California has no law prohibiting simultaneously running for the presidency and for Congress.) His son Ricardo ran for the same seat as a Democrat. Neither De La Fuente lives in the district. Rocky felt that his candidacy would help his son's chances of getting the seat, which was the outcome he desired. Neither De La Fuente succeeded in this primary, coming in third (Ricardo) and fourth (Rocky) in a four-candidate jungle primary in which the top two vote-getters compete in the general election. However, on the same day, Ricardo, who had previously run for the House from California's 34th and Florida's 23rd districts, won the Democratic primary for U.S. representative for Texas's 27th district, but went on to lose the general election.

De La Fuente married Katayoun Yazdani.

De La Fuente has five children. De La Fuente has a stated goal of creating a political dynasty. Two of his sons have also sought office.

His son Ricardo "Ricky" De La Fuente has sought several congressional seats. He first ran as a Democrat in the 2017 California's 34th congressional district special election. He then, in 2018, unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination for Florida's 24th US congressional district. In 2020 he unsuccessfully ran as a Democrat in the California's 21st US congressional district (competing against his father, who ran unsuccessfully as a Republican) and successfully won the Democratic nomination for Texas's 27th US congressional district (where he hopes to become a resident). In 2020, Ricardo was also originally running for the Democratic nomination in Florida's 24th US congressional district.

In 2020, his son Roque De La Fuente III entered the Democratic presidential primaries in Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Missouri, New Hampshire, Texas, and Utah.



Rocky De La Fuente 2016 presidential campaign

Rocky De La Fuente ran a third-party campaign for the presidency of the United States in the 2016 election. De La Fuente had sought the Democratic Party's nomination during their presidential primaries. De La Fuente's campaign did not win a single delegate to the 2016 Democratic National Convention, but he came in fourth by total votes received.

De La Fuente founded the American Delta Party, and ran as its presidential nominee with running mate Michael Steinberg. He was also nominated as the presidential nominee of the Reform Party which has ballot access in Florida, Louisiana, and Mississippi.


Catherine Cortez Masto

Catherine Marie Cortez Masto (born March 29, 1964) is an American attorney and politician. She is the senior United States Senator from Nevada. She was the Attorney General of Nevada from 2007 to 2015, elected to replace George Chanos. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

When her term began in 2017, Masto became the first Latina United States senator in American history.

Todd Young

Todd Christopher Young (born August 24, 1972) is an American politician. He is the senior U.S. Senator from Indiana. He previously served as a U.S. Representative for from 2011 to 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party. On November 8, 2016, Young was elected to the United States Senate in the general election. Young defeated Evan Bayh.


Evan Bayh

Birch Evans "Evan" Bayh III ( ; born December 26, 1955) is an American lawyer and Democratic politician. He served as the junior U.S. Senator from Indiana from 1999 to 2011. He earlier served as the 46th Governor of Indiana from 1989 to 1997. His father was former Senator Birch Bayh.

On February 15, 2010, Bayh unexpectedly announced he would not seek reelection to the Senate in 2010. After leaving the Senate, he was replaced by his predecessor, Dan Coats.

Following the withdrawal of 2016 Democratic primary winner Baron Hill, Bayh announced that he would be running to take back his old Senate seat from retiring Republican incumbent Dan Coats. He was defeated in the general election.

John C. Carney Jr.

John Charles Carney Jr. (born May 20, 1956) is an American politician serving as the 74th governor of Delaware since 2017. Before becoming governor, he served as the U.S. representative for from 2011 to 2017. He was also the 24th lieutenant governor of Delaware from 2001 to 2009.

Carney also served as Delaware's secretary of finance from 1996 to 2000.

Eric Holcomb

Eric Holcomb (born May 2, 1968) is an American politician. He currently serves as the 51st Governor of Indiana. He previously served as the 51st Lieutenant Governor of Indiana. He was nominated to fill the remainder of Sue Ellspermann's term. Ellspermann resigned on March 2, 2016 to become president of Ivy Tech Community College. He is a member of the Republican Party, and successfully ran for Governor of Indiana in the 2016 election.

Eric Greitens

Eric Robert Greitens (born April 10, 1974) is an American politician, author, humanitarian, and former Navy SEAL. He is the 56th Governor of the state of Missouri from January 9, 2017 until his resignation in June 1, 2018. Greitens is the Former President and founder of The Mission Continues, a nonprofit organization for veterans.

On March 22, 2021, Greitens announced that he would be running for the United States Senate in the 2022 U.S. Senate elections. He lost the nomination to Eric S. Schmitt in the August primaries.

On February 22, 2018, Greitens got in big trouble when he was accused of a serious crime that happened while he was having sex with another woman who was not his wife. He admitted that he was having sex with the woman but disagreed that he had committed a crime. She said that he secretly took naked pictures of her and then threatened to show them to other people and embarrass her if she told anybody what they had been doing together. A grand jury agreed there was enough evidence to proceed and he was indicted on felony invasion of privacy charges. On May 29, 2018 Greitens announced that he would resign from office effective 5pm on Friday, June 1, 2018. He and his wife Sheena got divorced in 2020.

Greitens is now a Republican. He used to be a Democrat. 

Chris Sununu

Christopher T. "Chris" Sununu (born November 5, 1974) is the 82nd Governor of New Hampshire. Sununu was a Republican member of the New Hampshire Executive Council from 2011 to 2017.

Sununu was born in Salem, New Hampshire. 

He also serves as chief executive officer of the Waterville Valley Ski Resort in Waterville Valley, New Hampshire. He earned a bachelor's degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Sununu is a son of former New Hampshire Governor John H. Sununu and brother of former U.S. Senator John E. Sununu.

On July 19, 2023, Sununu announced that he would not run for a fifth term as governor.


Doug Burgum

Douglas James Burgum (born August 1, 1956) is an American entrepreneur, philanthropist and politician. He is the 33rd Governor of North Dakota as a member of the Republican Party. He joined Great Plains Software in 1983 and became the company’s President in 1984 until resigning in 2016 for his gubernatorial run. He briefly ran for President of the United States in the 2024 election.

Burgum was born and raised in the small town of Arthur, North Dakota. He studied at North Dakota State University and Stanford University. While at Stanford, he became friends with Steve Ballmer, who would later be CEO of Microsoft.

In 1983, Burgum invested in a small technology startup company, Great Plains Software. He became the company's president in 1984. Burgum sold the company to Microsoft for $1.1 billion in 2001. While working at Microsoft, he managed Microsoft Business Solutions. He was board chairman for Atlassian and SuccessFactors. Burgum is the founder of Kilbourne Group, a real-estate development firm.

In 2016, Burgum announced his plan to run for Governor of North Dakota as a Republican. He ran against State Attorney General Wayne Stenehjem, who won the party's support at the party convention in April. However, Burgum was able to beat Stenehjem in the primary election two months later to win the nomination. Burgum would go on to win the November general election with over 75% of the vote.

Burgum was sworn in as the 33rd governor of North Dakota on December 15, 2016.

Burgum has set a goal for North Dakota to become carbon-neutral by 2030. In 2018, Burgum created the Vision Zero project. Since then, traffic-related deaths in North Dakota have reached record lows.

Burgum announced on January 22, 2024 that he would not run for a third term.

Burgum married his first wife, Karen Stoker, in 1991. They divorced in 2003. They had three children. In 2016, Burgum married Kathryn Helgaas.

On June 7, 2023, Burgum announced his presidential candidacy for the 2024 presidential election. His announcement made him the first North Dakotan to run for president. Burgum is reported to have spent more money on advertisements than any other presidential candidate since he began his campaign. After low polling numbers and failing to qualify in the third and fourth presidential debate, Burgum suspended his campaign on December 4, 2023. Afterward, Burgum began campaigning for former President Donald Trump, who said he wanted Burgum to be an important member of his administration.


Phil Scott

Philip Brian Scott (born August 4, 1958) is an American politician. He is the 82nd and current Governor of Vermont since January 5, 2017. Before being Governor, he was the Lieutenant Governor of Vermont from 2011 to 2017. A Republican, he won the 2016 general election with over 52% of the vote.

Jim Justice

James Conley Justice II (born April 27, 1951) is an American coal and agriculture businessman and politician from West Virginia. He is the Governor of West Virginia. He is the owner of over 50 companies, including The Greenbrier, a luxury resort. Justice is the only billionaire from the state of West Virginia. 

A Republican, Justice ran for Governor of West Virginia in the 2016 general election as the Democratic nominee. He won the general election and became Governor of West Virginia in 2017.

On August 3, 2017, Justice announced at a Trump rally that he was switching political parties becoming a member of the Republican Party.

In April 2023, Justice announced his candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2024 election, against incumbent Democratic Senator Joe Manchin.

On January 11, 2022, Justice tested positive for COVID-19 and described feeling "extremely unwell". He said that his heart rate and blood pressure were high.


Jodo

Jōdō (杖道:じょうどう) or is a Japanese martial art. 

Jōdō uses a short staff called a "jō". The "jō" is a short staff, usually about 3 to 5 feet (0.9 to 1.5 m) long. Jōdō is strongly focused upon defense against the Japanese sword. 

The art is similar to "bōjutsu". 

Conor McGregor

Conor Anthony McGregor (born 14 July 1988) is an Irish mixed martial artist and boxer. He started his career in 2008. He is signed to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). He is the former UFC Featherweight Champion and UFC Lightweight Champion. He has fought as a featherweight, lightweight and welterweight. 

At UFC 194, he defeated Jose Aldo to win the UFC featherweight championship. In his welterweight debut at UFC 196, he was defeated by Nate Diaz in the second round via submission. On 6 October 2018, he won the UFC lightweight championship by defeating Eddie Alvarez and won via KO. In his boxing debut in 2017, he was defeated by Floyd Mayweather Jr.. He returned to MMA in 2018 and was defeated by Khabib Nurmagomedov via submission at UFC 229. The event set the record for the biggest MMA pay-per-view event, with 2.4 million buys in the United States. Throughout his career, McGregor has become the subject of many controversies due to his behaviour.

McGregor was born in Dublin. His parents are Timmy and Súsan McGregor. He started kickboxing in 2008, the same year he started dating his girlfriend Dee Devlin. Their son, Conor Jack McGregor, was born in May 2017.


The Nutshack

The Nutshack is a Filipino-American animated sitcom created By Jesse Hernandez and Ramon Lopez. The show received critical acclaim from critics for its excellent jokes and comedic timing, outstanding social commentary and high quality animation.

Aquarius (astrology)

Aquarius is the eleventh astrological sign of the Zodiac. The name is from the constellation Aquarius. It is an air sign. It is ruled by Uranus (Modern) and Saturn (Ancient.)

Roger Joseph Boscovich

Roger Joseph Boscovich (18 May 1711 - 13 February 1787) was a Croatian polymath and Jesuit from the city of Dubrovnik in the Republic of Ragusa (modern-day Croatia). He studied and lived in Italy and France, where he published many of his works.

He produced a precursor of atomic theory and made many contributions to astronomy. In 1753 he discovered the absence of atmosphere on the Moon. 
In Vienna in 1758, he published the first edition of his famous work, "Philosophiæ naturalis theoria redacta ad unicam legem virium in natura existentium" ("Theory of natural philosophy derived to the single law of forces which exist in nature"). It included his atomic theory and his theory of forces. A second edition was published in 1763 in Venice and a third again in Vienna in 1764. In 1922 it was published in London, and in 1966 in the United States. Another edition was published in Zagreb in 1974.

Boscovich was born in Dubrovnik as the youngest of seven children. He joined the Jesuit school in Dubrovnik, leaving for Rome in 1725. In Rome he was under the care of 2 Jesuit priests whom introduced him to the Society of Jesus. In 1731, enrolled in college at Sant'Andrea delle Fratte. There, he studied mathematics and physics and in 1740 he was appointed professor of mathematics in the college.

Boscovich studied the transit of Mercury, the Aurora borealis, the figure of the Earth, the observation of the fixed stars, the inequalities in terrestrial gravitation, the application of mathematics to the theory of the telescope, the limits of certainty in astronomical observations, and various problems in solid geometry and spherical trigonometry.

In 1742 he and other scientists were consulted by Pope Benedict XIV, as to the best way of securing the structure of the dome of St. Peter's, Rome, in which a crack had been discovered. His suggested placing five iron bands and it was accepted. 

In 1758, Roger Joseph Boscovich described a version of atomic theory. He explained the resistance of hard bodies as due to force rather than "hardness". "The primary elements of matter are in my opinion perfectly indivisible & non-extended points".

As a devoted Jesuit, Boscovich spent his life without ever getting married or having children.


About Boscovich:

Cerqueiro, Daniel. Boscovich, the Time Traveler. Buenos Aires: Small Ed. Venice. 2008. ISBN 978-987-9239-18-6

Les Agettes

Les Agettes was a municipality in the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Since 2017, it is part of the municipality of Sion.


Mase, Switzerland

Mase was a municipality of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Mase, Nax and Vernamiège were combined to make the new municipality of Mont-Noble.

Nax

Nax was a municipality of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Nax, Mase and Vernamiège merged into the new municipality of Mont-Noble.


Saint-Martin, Valais

Saint-Martin is a municipality of the district Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Saint-Martin, Eison, La Luette, Liez, Praz-Jean, Suen and Trogne.


Ventilation

Ventilation is the introduction of fresh air, usually from the outside, into a space, while sending stale air back out. Fans and pumps, vent grates and air flow tunnels are common in these structures.

The simplest systems are called “natural ventilation,” which usually means that they get their airflow through vents opening to the outside. Mechanical systems are more popular for industry. Mechanical systems are able to regulate other things, including temperature, relative humidity, and oxygen levels.

Fresh air prevents issues like mold and bacteria growth, as well as the spread of disease. It helps eliminate dust, which can lead to cleaner living standards. Single rooms can sometimes be ventilated by opening a window or door, but this isn’t as successful for larger structures.

Ventilation usually collaborates with heating and cooling systems, but not always and they aren’t only limited to buildings. Vehicles frequently have ventilation systems that control air circulation and air quality.

In ancient Persia, structures called windcatchers were built to create natural ventilation. These structures are a traditional method in Persia. They became very popular and are still in use across the Middle East.

African Americans in the American Civil War

The history of African Americans in The American Civil War includes the over four million slaves and approximately 500,000 free African Americans who were living in the United States at the beginning of the war. Altogether they made up 14% of the population of the country. Many served as soldiers in the Union Army.

Slavery began in the English colony of Jamestown in 1619. It started with the purchase of 20 Africans—not as reported by John Rolfe from a Dutch ship—but rather from an English warship named the "White Lyon." The Colonists in the Virginia Colony bought the contracts of the Africans as indentured servants. Not long after this it became a custom to hold slaves for life in the colonies. During the 17th and 18th centuries, slaves were used to raise crops of tobacco and food crops. After the invention of the cotton gin in 1793, cotton became the most important crop. At this point slavery became a critical part of the South's economy. With westward expansion, the question of slavery in the new territories became a subject of great debate. It polarized the nation between the interests of the Northern industrial economy and the South's agricultural economy.

This led to the American Civil War. Millions of slaves were brought to America between the 17th and 19th centuries. Slavery was one of the main issues that led to the outbreak of the Civil War.

The United States Navy, during the Civil War termed the Union Navy, had separate traditions regarding African Americans. The Militia Acts of 1792 excluded black men from serving in the United States Army. This policy remained in place until the second year of the Civil War. The Navy, however, never had such a policy. In the 1840s they limited the number of blacks serving to 5 percent of the enlisted force. But before and after, black and white men served together often performing the same duties. Up to the start of the Civil War, several hundred black men were serving in the Navy. After Fort Sumter was captured by Confederates, a large number of men enlisted in the Navy. The percentage of black men in the Navy rapidly increased. In 1861, they made up about 6 percent of the force. By the summer of 1862 they made up about 15% of the enlisted men.

Many of the African Americans who joined the Navy were from the East Coast of the United States. Many were experienced sailors. Others had worked on the docks and in other related jobs in the shipping industry. The largest number came from Maryland and the Chesapeake Bay area. Also, a large number were transferred from the Army to the Navy in 1864.

African Americans fought in every major campaign and naval battle of the Civil War. They served in the blockading squadrons on the South and Gulf Coasts and in the brown-water navy in the tributaries in the South. African American women served also, most as nurses aboard the "USS Red Rover (1859)", a hospital ship on the Mississippi River. African Americans served in the Navy with great distinction and eight were awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor, the nation's highest honor.

 Unfortunately, this was exactly what President Abraham Lincoln did not want at the time. He was afraid that if he armed African Americans, especially escaped or former slaves, the border states would secede. This would only make the situation worse for the Union than it already was. But after two years of war, Lincoln began to reconsider the idea. The war was not going well for the North and they badly needed soldiers.

The Militia Act of 1862 allowed the army to use African Americans as laborers and soldiers for the first time since 1792. It did not invite blacks to join the Army but it did cause some blacks to form private militia units. In New Orleans three all-black Louisiana Native Guard units were formed (they later became the 73rd, 74th and 75th U.S. Colored Infantry). In Kansas the First Kansas Colored Infantry was formed (later officially becoming the 79th U.S. Colored Infantry). They fought in a skirmish at Island Mound, Missouri in November 1862. The First South Carolina Infantry, African Descent, fought for the first time in November 1862 (later becoming the 33rd U.S. Colored Infantry). In January 1863, these unofficial units were allowed to become part of the Union Army.

Probably the most famous unit was the 54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment. In February 1863, Massachusetts governor John Albion Andrew, issued the first call for black soldiers in the North. Over 1,000 men joined, many from as far away as Canada and even the Caribbean. To lead them the governor chose Robert Gould Shaw, a young white officer. On July 18, 1863, they attacked Fort Wagner guarding the southern approach to Charleston Harbor. The 54th lost 600 men in the attack including Colonel Shaw—nearly half of the regiment. The fort was defended by 1,700 Confederates.

Black soldiers did not receive equal pay to the white soldiers. They also did not receive the same treatment. Their pay was $10 a month, less $3 for uniforms. White soldiers received $13 a month and had no deductions for uniforms. This was changed in June 1864 when Congress voted to grant black soldiers equal pay and made the change retroactive. While black soldiers were allowed to fight for their country, they were not treated as equals to white soldiers. Their units were racially segregated and were commanded by white officers. Some of their officers had very low opinions of black soldiers and did not train them well.
Captured black Union soldiers were a problem for the Confederacy. They could not treat them the same as captured white soldiers or they would be legitimizing them as being equal. It would also imply they accepted Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation, which they did not. Three days before the Emancipation Proclamation was to take effect, Jefferson Davis stated: “All negro slaves captured in arms be at once delivered over to the executive authorities of the respective States to which they belong.” The Congress of the Confederate States decided to take it a step further. They later adopted a resolution that any negroes taken in arms would be put on trial for "inciting servile insurrection" and would be punished by the death penalty.

Lincoln declared that “the law of nations … permit no distinction as to color in the treatment of prisoners of war." He stated that if the Confederacy executed any Union soldier, the Union would do the same to a Confederate soldier. If the Confederacy enslaved a Union soldier, a Confederate soldier would be put to hard labor. While Davis publicly denounced Lincoln's order, it did have the desired effect on black prisoners of war. No more were executed or sent into slavery. But, afterwards it depended on the commander of the Confederate units as to what to do about taking black prisoners. Many simply did not take prisoners of war but shot them as they were surrendering. This happened at the Battle of Poison Spring, the Battle of Fort Pillow and at the Siege of Petersburg.

African Americans did serve with the Confederacy. Some went with their masters or were used as labor behind the front lines. They also worked as teamsters and cooks. But for most of the war black men were not allowed to serve as soldiers.

There are, however, nine known photographs of African American men dressed in Confederate uniforms. But the photos do not come with explanations. Of the men in the photos, four are known by name and were slaves who went with their masters to the front lines.

Near the end of the war the idea of using black soldiers was debated. In 1864, General Patrick Cleburne suggested enlisting black slaves into the army. The idea was considered, but it raised the question by at least one Southern politician: "What did we go to war for, if not to protect our property?" Another said: "If slaves will make good soldiers, our whole theory of slavery is wrong." General Robert E. Lee knew he needed soldiers. He stated: "We must decide whether slavery shall be extinguished by our enemies and the slaves be used against us, or use them ourselves." Lee suggested the slaves be freed in exchange for their service as soldiers. But that condition was not in the bill that was approved by the Confederate Congress on March 13, 1865. Only a few thousand blacks enlisted before the war ended. By that time over 200,000 African Americans had served with the Union army.


Arrondissements of the Ardennes department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Ardennes department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 4 arrondissements of the Ardennes department are:

Since its creation, the Ardennes department has had some changes:

Gwen Ifill

Gwendolyn L. "Gwen" Ifill (; September 29, 1955 – November 14, 2016) was an American journalist, television newscaster, and author. She was the moderator and managing editor of "Washington Week" and co-anchor and co-managing editor, with Judy Woodruff, of "PBS NewsHour", both of which air on PBS. 

Ifill was a political analyst and moderated the 2004 and 2008 American vice-presidential debates. In 2016, she moderate the New Hampshire Democratic Primary debate between Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton.

She was the author of the best-selling book "The Breakthrough: Politics and Race in the Age of Obama".

Ifill died of endometrial cancer while under hospice care in Washington, D.C. on November 14, 2016, at age 61. 


Leon Russell

Leon Russell (born Claude Russell Bridges; April 2, 1942 – November 13, 2016) was an American musician and songwriter. He recorded as a session musician and sideman. He had a solo career. He had 31 albums to his credit and recorded about 430 songs.

He wrote the song "Delta Lady", recorded by Joe Cocker. He also organized Cocker's "Mad Dogs and Englishmen" tour in 1970. More than 100 artists have recorded his "A Song for You" (1970).

Russell produced and played in recording sessions for Bob Dylan, Frank Sinatra, Ike & Tina Turner, the Rolling Stones, and others. He wrote and recorded the hits "Tight Rope" and "Lady Blue". In 2011 he was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and introduced by longtime friend Elton John.

Russell died in his sleep at his home in Nashville, Tennessee, on November 13, 2016 from heart failure while recovering from heart surgery, at the age of 74.

Lincolnshire, Illinois

Lincolnshire is a village in southern Lake County, Illinois.

Arrondissement of Charleville-Mézières

The arrondissement of Charleville-Mézières is an arrondissement of France in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Charleville-Mézières.

It is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the department. It has an area of , the largest "arrondissement" of the department. It is the "arrondissement" with more people living in it, with 160,939 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

When the Ardennes department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières was part of that original department, sometimes we the name of Charleville and other times with the name of Mézières until 1966 when the two "communes" of Charleville and Mézières were joined to form the "commune" of Charleville-Mézières.

The "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières is bordered to the northwest and north by the Namur province (Belgium), to the northeast by the Luxembourg province (Belgium), to the east by the "arrondissement" of Sedan, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Vouziers, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Rethel and to the west by the Aisne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 11 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières; they are (with their INSEE codes):

The "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières has 160 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):ː

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Ricardo Rosselló

Ricardo Antonio "Ricky" Rosselló Nevares (born March 7, 1979) is a Puerto Rican college professor, scientist, and politician. He was the Governor of Puerto Rico and President of the New Progressive Party.

In mid-July 2019, Rosselló faced controversy after his phone messages were leaked which revealed homophobic messages, plans to create troll accounts for Facebook, evidence of corruption and death threats towards Mayor of San Juan Carmen Yulín Cruz. In July 21, he announced that he would not seek re-election in 2022. On July 24, Rosselló announced his resignation on August 2.

Charles Wesley Turnbull

Charles Wesley Turnbull (February 5, 1935 – July 3, 2022), was the 27th Governor of the U.S. Virgin Islands serving from 1999 through 2007. During his tenure as governor, Turnbull served as a member of the National Governors Association, the Southern Governors' Association, and the Democratic Governors Association.

Turnbull died on July 3, 2022 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 87.

Pedro Tenorio

Pedro "Teno" Pangelinan Tenorio (April 18, 1934 – May 21, 2018) was a Northern Mariana Islander politician. He was the second and fifth elected Governor of the United States Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. With 12 years in office, Tenorio is the longest-serving Governor in CNMI history.

Tenorio died on May 21, 2018 at the Commonwealth Health Center in Saipan of complications from a stroke at the age of 84. 

Paul McDonald Calvo

Paul McDonald Calvo (born July 25, 1934) is an Guamanian politician. He was the third elected Governor of Guam from January 1, 1979 to January 3, 1983. He is a member of the Republican Party. 

Calvo was born in Agana, Guam. He studied at Santa Clara University. His son, Eddie Calvo, was elected governor of Guam in 2011.


Carlos G. Camacho

Carlos Garcia Camacho (November 16, 1924 – December 6, 1979) was a Guamanian politician and member of the Republican Party. He served as the last appointed Governor of Guam from 1969 to 1971 and the first elected Governor of Guam from 1971 to 1975.

Camacho died on December 6, 1979 in Tamunimg, Guam from a heart attack, aged 55.

Carlos Camacho

Carlos G. Camacho is the former Governor of Guam. 

Carlos Camacho may also refer to:


Carlos S. Camacho

Carlos Sablan Camacho (born February 27, 1937) was the first elected Governor of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, a commonwealth of the United States. He served as governor from January 9, 1978 through January 11, 1982. He was a member of the Democratic.

Camacho was born in Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands. He studied at the University of Hawaii and at the Fiji School of Medicine.

Peter Tali Coleman

Peter Tali Coleman (December 8, 1919 – April 28, 1997) was an American politician. He was the first person of Samoan descent to be appointed Governor of American Samoa and later became the territory's first popularly elected governor. 

He was a member of the Republican Party, he is the only U.S. governor whose service spanned five decades (1956–1961, 1978–1985 and 1989–1993) and one of the longest-serving governors of any jurisdiction in American history.

Coleman died in Honolulu, Hawaii on April 28, 1997 from complications of liver cancer, aged 77.


A. P. Lutali

Aifili Paulo Lauvao (December 24, 1919 – August 1, 2002) was an American politician. He served twice as governor of American Samoa from 1985 through 89 and again from 1993 through 1997. He was the founder of the U.S territory's Democratic Party. He had a long career in the legislature and the judiciary in American Samoa.

Lutali was born in Aunu'u Island, American Samoa. He was elected to the American Samoa House of Representatives in 1955 and served as its speaker from 1955 through 1958. Lutali died on August 1, 2002 from complications of a stroke at a hospital in Pago Pago, American Samoa, aged 82.


Kay Starr

Katherine Laverne Starks (July 21, 1922 – November 3, 2016), known as Kay Starr, was an American singer. She was popular in the 1940s and 1950s. She is best remembered for introducing two songs that became #1 hits in the 1950s, "Wheel of Fortune" and "The Rock And Roll Waltz".

Starr died on November 3, 2016 at her home in Beverly Hills, California from complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 94.


Blinky Bill (2015 movie)

Blinky Bill the Movie is a 2015 Australian computer-animated adventure movie. It is based on the Blinky Bill character, an anthropomorphic koala created by Dorothy Wall for a children's book series in 1933. 
The movie was produced by Flying Bark Productions. It was co-produced by Assemblage Entertainment (India) and Telegael (Ireland).

Blinky Bill is a koala with a big imagination. An adventurer at heart, he dreams of leaving the little town of Green Patch and following in his explorer father's footsteps. Mr Bill went missing in the Outback sometime ago and Blinky is the only one who believes his father is still alive. When Blinky discovers a mysterious marker that hints at his Dad's whereabouts, he embarks on a journey that takes him beyond the boundary of Green Patch and into the wild and dangerous Outback. He quickly makes friends with Nutsy, a zoo koala, and Jacko, a nervous frill-necked lizard. Pursued relentlessly by a vengeful feral cat who has a personal score to settle with Blinky, the trio must learn to work together if they ever want to survive the rugged Australian landscape and find Blinky's father!

This is an important list about the heroes who appear in the movie.

This is an important list about the villains who appear in the movie.



Ryan Kwanten

Ryan Kwanten (born 28 November 1976) is an Australian actor. He played Vinnie Patterson from 1997 to 2002 in the Australian soap opera "Home and Away". After his stint ended he joined the American teen drama series "Summerland", portraying Jay Robertson. In 2008, he was cast as Jason Stackhouse in "True Blood", he roles the animated voice talents in "" and "Blinky Bill the Movie".

David Wenham

David Wenham (born 21 September 1965) is an Australian actor who has appeared in movies, television series and theatre productions. He is known in Hollywood for his roles as Faramir in "The Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy, Carl in "Van Helsing", Dilios in "300" and its sequel "", Al Parker in "Top of the Lake", and Lieutenant John Scarfield in "". He is known in his native Australia for his role as Diver Dan in "SeaChange". Wenham was born in Marrickville, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.


Robin McLeavy

Robin McLeavy (born 19 June 1981) is an actress from Sydney, Australia. 

In 2012, McLeavy was nominated for the Fangoria Chainsaw Award for Best Leading Actress for "The Loved Ones", but lost against Elizabeth Olsen for "Silent House".

Deborah Mailman

Deborah Mailman (born 14 July 1972) is an Australian television film actress, and singer. She was the first Aboriginal actress to win the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role and had gone on to win four more both in television and film. The awards are now known as the AACTA Awards.

She is well known for having played the character Kelly Lewis on successful Australian television series, "The Secret Life of Us". She is also well known for her current role as Cherie Butterfield in the successful Australian drama series "Offspring". She also portrayed the role of Lorraine in the rotating cast of the acclaimed Australian TV series about Aboriginal life "Redfern Now". 

She starred in lead roles in the acclaimed films "Rabbit-Proof Fence", "Oddball", "The Sapphires", "Blinky Bill", and "Paper Planes".

Enantiornithes

Enantiornithes is a group of extinct avialans ("birds" in the broad sense). They are the most abundant and diverse group known from the Mesozoic era. 

Most had teeth and clawed fingers on each wing, but otherwise looked much like modern birds. Over 80 species of enantiornitheans have been named, but some names represent only single bones, so probably not all are valid species. 

Enantiornitheans became extinct at the Cretaceous–Paleogene boundary, as did the hesperornithids and all other non-avian dinosaurs. The Enantiornithes are thought to have left no living descendants.

The name "Enantiornithes" means "opposite birds", from Ancient Greek "enantios" ("ἐνάντιος") "opposite" + "ornithes" ("όρνιθες") "birds" . The name was coined by Cyril Alexander Walker in a landmark paper which established the group. In his paper, Walker explained what he meant by "opposite":

This refers to an anatomical feature. The articulation of the shoulder bones has a concave-convex socket joint which is the reverse of the joint in modern birds.

Barry Otto

Barry Otto (born 1941) is an Australian actor and voice actor, primarily of cinema. He is also an amateur artist.

Otto received an AACTA Award for Best Supporting Actor in "Strictly Ballroom". He was also nominated for "Bliss", "Cosi" and "The More Things Change...". Otto portrayed Administrator Allsop in Australia in 2008. He has appeared in "The Dressmaker", "Kiss or Kill", "Dead Letter Office", "The Visitor", "The Great Gatsby", "", "Love's Brother", "Blinky Bill".

An amateur artist, he often paints members of his family. Otto has twice entered the Archibald Prize. He is the father of actresses Gracie and Miranda Otto.

History of the automobile

The early history of the automobile can be divided into a number of eras, based on the method of propulsion. Later periods were defined by trends in exterior styling, size, and utility preferences. The question of who invented the first automobile depends on how automobiles are defined.









This is the period starts with the car made by Karl Benz in 1885. There were earlier inventions that used mainly steam-power to move the vehicles but the Benz car was the first to use a gasoline powered internal combustion engine in what could be called an automobile. The period goes up to the start of the production of Henry Ford's Model T.

This period dates from 1908 to 1914 and the beginning of World War I. While earlier designs were more ornamental, vehicles from this period are simpler and more affordable. It is the time when hundreds of smaller automobile manufacturers were trying to compete for attention and sales. A number of improvements were developed during this time. These include the electric ignition system, four-wheel brakes and the independent suspension. Transmissions were adopted. Along with throttle controls, these allowed the vehicles to travel at a number of speeds depending on conditions.

From about 1920 to 1930, car manufacturers began creating a closed body on the vehicle. This protected the driver and passengers from the weather. Vehicles began using curved glass and the new enclosed bodies gave a sense of privacy. Heaters were added for comfort. Many of the features of modern cars came from this period. These include four-wheel drive, front-wheel drive, and hybrid electric vehicles. Safety glass protected those inside the car from sharp glass in cases of an accident. By the end of the 1920s cars were becoming faster and were showing a level of style and beauty.

The classic era began about 1930 during the Great Depression and ended just before World War II. The Great Depression was a time when many in the United States were just trying to survive. But it is also the era of some of the most significant improvements to the automobile. Cars took on a great deal of style and sophistication. They became works of art in many cases. 

Many new features were introduced during this era including the automatic transmission, the V-8, the V-12 and the V-16 engines. The gearshift lever moved to the steering column, hydraulic brakes were introduced for faster stopping and cars got trunks to carry luggage and cargo.

The car industry changed during the 1930s. It saw the rise of the Big Three automakers. These were General Motors, Ford Motor Company and Chrysler. They were able to successfully design and sell cars during the Great Depression when fewer people could afford a new car. 

In 1949, the automobile industry finally got back on its feet after World War II. This same year General Motors, Cadillac and Oldsmobile introduced the integrated one-piece automobile body. The process joined all the different parts of the body into one body shell. Cars produced during this period concentrated on safety. Cars were big during this time. But in the late 1960s carmakers tried to market much smaller cars. The attempts by General Motors, Chrysler and Ford were all marketing failures. Instead, what sold was the performance car. Cars like the Ford Mustang and the Plymouth Barracuda were very successful. During the late 1950s, many smaller countries began producing cars. Both India and Iran were making cars from about 1959. The first Indian car design from 1950 was very similar to the Opel Kapitän. The first Iranian cars were very similar to several American cars. Both were designed in the United Kingdom.
This period started about 1968 and continues to today. Body styles changed dramatically. The three most popular are the hatchback, the Minivan and the Sport utility vehicle (SUV). Starting in the Integration period, car manufacturers began designing cars for men while others are designed to attract women. The body shapes, colors and other cues are designed to appeal to a particular sex. 

Today, women tend to prefer crossovers more than men. Examples are the Kia Sportage and the Honda CR-V. Men seem to prefer powerful cars like the Chevrolet Camaro and the GMC Sierra pickup truck. In car colors, men seem to prefer brighter colors while more women seem to prefer traditional neutral colors.



Arrondissement of Rethel

The arrondissement of Rethel is an arrondissement of France in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Rethel.

It is in the southwest of the department with an area of , the second smallest "arrondissement" of the department. It has 37,142 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

When the Ardennes department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Rethel was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Rethel is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Vouziers, to the south by the Marne department and to the west by the Aisne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the "arrondissement" of Rethel are (with their INSEE codes):

The "arrondissement" of Rethel has 101 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Sedan

The arrondissement of Sedan is an arrondissement of France in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Sedan.

It is the most eastern of the "arrondissements" of the department and has an area of , the smallest "arrondissement" of the department. It has 59,584 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

When the Ardennes department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Sedan was part of that original department.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Sedan was eliminated but in 1942 it was made again an "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Sedan is bordered to the north by Belgium (Luxembourg province), to the east by the Meuse department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Vouziers and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 5 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Sedan; they are (with their INSEE codes):

The "arrondissement" of Sedan has 73 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Antero de Quental

Antero de Quental (1842-1891) - Portuguese thinker and poet, leader of generation of seventies.

Antero Tarquínio de Quental was born on 18 April 1842 in Ponta Delgada in the islands of Azores. He was a son of Fernando de Quental, a former soldier, and his wife Ana Guilhermina da Maia. He studied at the University of Coimbra and soon became a leader of his fellow students. He protested against the shape of Portuguese poetry of the time. He shot himself on 11 september 1891 in his native town.

During his stay at the university he wrote "Raios de Extincta Luz" ("Rays of Vanishing Light") and "Primaveras Românticas" ("Romantic Springtimes"). Antero de Quental's most famous work however is "Odes Modernas", published in 1865. He wrote in the first place sonnets. They were translated into English in 1922 by Sylvanus Griswold Morley as "Sonnets and poems of Anthero de Quental". He wrote essays, too, for example "Bom Senso e Bom Gosto" ("Good Sense and Good Taste").



Arrondissement of Vouziers

The arrondissement of Vouziers is an arrondissement of France in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Vouziers.

It is in the southeast of the department with an area of , the second largest "arrondissement" of the department, but the one with fewest people living in it with 22,050 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

When the Ardennes department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Vouziers was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Vouziers is bordered to the northwest by the "arrondissement" of Charleville-Mézières, to the north by the "arrondissement" of Sedan, to the east by the Meuse department, to the south by the Marne department and to west by the "arrondissement" of Rethel.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only two cantons in the "arrondissement" of Vouziers:

The "arrondissement" of Vouziers has 118 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Mose Allison

Mose John Allison, Jr. (November 11, 1927 – November 15, 2016) was an American jazz blues pianist, singer and songwriter. It was not until 1963 that his record label allowed him to release an album entirely of vocals. He was known for his songs "Parchman Songs" and "Young Man Blues". 

Allison died on November 15, 2016 at his home in Hilton Head, South Carolina from natural causes, ages 89.


Robert A. McDonald

Robert Alan McDonald (born June 20, 1953) was the eighth United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs. He is the retired chairman, president, and CEO of Procter & Gamble. On July 29, 2014, the U.S. Senate voted 97-0 to confirm McDonald as President Barack Obama's choice to succeed General Eric Shinseki as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. On July 30, 2014 he was sworn into office.

Steven Mnuchin

Steven Terner Mnuchin (born December 21, 1962) is an American banker, movie producer and political fundraiser. He was the 77th United States Secretary of the Treasury, under the Trump Administration from February 13, 2017 to January 20, 2021.

Mnuchin was born to a Jewish family, circa 1963. He is the son of Elaine Terner Cooper and Robert E. Mnuchin. He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at Yale University.

Mnuchin had a fortune estimated at over $40 million while working for Goldman Sachs. In 2002, Mnuchin left Goldman and worked briefly for his Yale roommate Edward Lampert, chief executive of Sears. He also briefly worked for Soros Fund Management.

In Hollywood, Mnuchin, along with movie producer Brett Ratner and financier James Packer, working with RatPac-Dune Entertainment, produced "American Sniper" and "".

Mnuchin supported Mitt Romney during the 2012 U.S. presidential election.

In May 2016, he was named finance chair of the Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign. After Trump won the presidency, he is seen as Trump's top pick for United States Secretary of the Treasury.

On November 30, 2016 it was announced that Mnuchin would be nominated as Secretary of the Treasury in the coming administration of President-elect Donald Trump.
On February 13, 2017, Mnuchin was confirmed by a 53–47 vote in the U.S. Senate. He was sworn-in by Vice President Mike Pence the same day.

As Secretary of the Treasury, Mnuchin has been a supporter of proposed tax reform, and for reducing corporate tax rates. Mnuchin supports a partial repeal of Dodd-Frank. Mnuchin's use of government aircraft for personal usage has come under fire from watchdog groups.

In 1999, he married Heather deForest Crosby, who was his second wife, and they had three children together. They divorced in 2014. He married actress Louise Linton in 2017. They lived in Los Angeles, California and currently lives in Washington, D.C..

Fugitive slave laws

The Fugitive Slave Acts were two federal laws that concerned runaway slaves in the United States. The two acts were passed in 1793 and in 1850. They required federal involvement in catching runaway slaves in Northern States. The laws were designed to protect Southern slave owners. They required those states and jurisdictions to help in the capture and delivery of fugitive slaves. The laws were very unpopular in the North. They caused a great deal of resentment in the years leading up to the American Civil War.

Slavery in America began in the English colony of Jamestown in 1619. It started with the purchase of 20 Africans from an English warship named the "White Lyon." The Colonists in the Virginia Colony bought the contracts of the Africans as indentured servants. Not long after this it became a custom to hold slaves for life in the colonies. During the 17th and 18th centuries, slaves were used to raise crops of tobacco and food crops. After the invention of the cotton gin in 1793, cotton became the most important crop. At this point slavery became a critical part of the South's economy.

The issue of slavery caused difficulties for the United States almost from its beginning as a country. The framers of the Constitution used ambiguous language regarding the holding of slaves. Neither the word "slave" or "slavery" were used in the Constitution. The problem was in creating a democracy that ensured its citizens freedom while keeping a considerable part of the population in slavery without any freedoms.

In the United States, up to the 1860s, slaves and indentured servants were treated as personal property. They were subject to the property laws of the individual states. At first, most of the laws concerned indentured servants. But the laws began to differentiate between indentured servants and slaves around the middle of the 17th century. They also began to differentiate between races. People of African descent began to be held as slaves for life. 

Men and women slaves were generally treated the same under most state laws. However, some states had laws that applied only to women slaves. For example, Virginia passed laws punishing women who had children by their masters. They also confirmed the slave status of any children born of a "Negro or mulatto women". Great Britain had a structured system whereby children claimed their lineage through their father. This also applied to illegitimate children (parents were not married). Virginia was the first colony to change this. Slave children were considered the same race and status as the mother, even if the child was fathered by a white man. Laws concerning rape did not apply to black and Indian women. A slave woman could not defend herself against the attack by a white person. If she did, she was subject to beatings. While it was illegal to have relations with a slave woman, the laws were not usually enforced. This system increased the wealth of slave owners. They did not have to buy slaves if they could breed their own.

Slaves, whether born into slavery or purchased as a slave, had no legal rights. The United States Supreme Court decision "Dred Scott v. Sandford" (1857) confirmed that slaves were not citizens of the United States nor of any state they reside in. In 1868 the Fourteenth Amendment overturned the Dred Scott decision.

The Northwest Ordinance (1787) was an act of the Congress of the Confederation of the United States (before the United States Constitution). It created the Northwest Territory, the first organized territory of the United States. The Ordinance provided that the territory would be formed into "not less than three nor more than five States". 

The territory was made up of lands beyond the Appalachian Mountains. It was south of British North America and the Great Lakes. It was north of the Ohio River. Article VI of the Northwest Ordinance prohibited slavery in the new territory. However, it contained a provision that any fugitive slaves caught in the territory would be returned to their owners. It also did not place any restrictions on slavery within any new states formed from the Northwest Territory. Southerners had no problems with the ban on slavery. They thought that most of the new settlers would come from Southern states. Once a state was formed, the former Southerners would vote to allow slavery. However, none of the states formed from the Northwest Territory ended up allowing slavery.

When the United States Constitution replaced the Articles of Confederation in 1789, Article Four of the United States Constitution contained the Fugitive Slave Clause. It states:
While Article IV, Section 2 of the United States Constitution did guarantee the right of slave owners to reclaim fugitive slaves. However, it did not set up the legal mechanism. The Fugitive Slave Act of 1793 passed by the second Congress added that mechanism. It authorized the arrest of runaway slaves and gave any magistrate of a town, city or county to rule on the arrest. The slave hunter only had to state the person captured was a runaway slave. No proof was required and there was no trial. It added a fine of $500 to any person who helped a runaway slave. It was passed in response to the rise of abolitionism in the North and also to the Underground Railroad that was set up to help slaves escape the South.

The Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 was a controversial part of the Compromise of 1850. The 1850 slave law added penalties for officials who did not arrest alleged runaway slaves. It fined them $1,000. Any law enforcement official was required to arrest anyone suspected of being a runaway slave. All that was required was a persons sworn testimony of ownership. As before there was no trial and the suspect could not testify on their own behalf. Anyone who provided food or shelter to any suspected runaway slave was subject to six months in prison and a fine of $1,000. An officer who captured a runaway slave would get a bonus or a promotion. The 1850 law provided for special commissioners to decide if the alleged fugitive was to be returned to slavery. He received $10 if the fugitive was returned, but only $5 if the fugitive was freed. This amounted to a legal form of bribery. This caused a large number of free blacks to be sent into slavery.

The 1850 Fugitive Slave Law caused outrage in the Northern States. It caused thousands of Northerners to be convinced slavery should not be allowed in the western territories. Eight states in the North passed "personal liberty" laws. These prevented any official from helping to return a runaway slave. Southerners regarded these laws as being illegal attempts to prevent the return of their slaves. In the North, free black communities provided runaway slaves with sanctuary and hid them from the hired kidnappers searching for them. About 15,000 free blacks emigrated to Canada, the Caribbean and Africa after the 1850 law was passed. Thousands of others including free blacks were not so lucky and were sent South.

In 1851, a gun battle broke out between abolitionists and slave catchers in Christiana, Pennsylvania. In Wisconsin a fugitive named Joshua Glover was forcibly freed from a jail. In Boston, a mob tried to free a fugitive named Anthony Burns. It took 22 companies of state troopers to stop them. The Southern states were completely convinced the North would not follow the slave laws.


Jack Vettriano

Jack Vettriano, OBE (born Jack Hoggan, born 17 November 1951), is a Scottish painter. His 1992 painting, "The Singing Butler", became a best-selling image in Britain.

Jack Vettriano grew up in the industrial seaside town of Methil, Fife. He was raised in poverty, and lived with his mother, father and older brother in a spartan miner’s cottage, sharing a bed with his brother and wearing hand-me-down clothes. From the age of 10, his father sent him out to earn money. His father took half his earnings. Vettriano left school at 16.

Much of his art education came from studying paintings at the Kirkcaldy Museum and Art Gallery.

It is fair to say that Vettriano is controversial. Professional art critics do not seem to like his work, but the public does. He is one of at least three modern British artists to make a great deal of money from his works.

In 1989 Vettriano had two canvases in the Royal Scottish Academy annual show. Both paintings sold on the first day and Vettriano was approached by several galleries. Further exhibitions followed in Edinburgh, London, Hong Kong and Johannesburg. In November 1999, Vettriano’s work was shown for the first time in New York City, when 21 paintings were displayed at The International 20th Century Arts Fair at The Armory. More than 40 collectors from the UK flew out for the event and 20 paintings were sold on the opening night.

His easel paintings cost between £48,000 and £195,000 new. According to "The Guardian" he earns £500,000 a year in print royalties. Vettriano's 1992 painting, "The Singing Butler", has been the best-selling image in Britain. On 21 April 2004 the original canvas of "The Singing Butler" sold at auction for £744,500. It had been rejected in 1992 by the Royal Academy summer exhibition.

In March 2010, "Days Of Wine And Roses" was opened by Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond at the Kirkcaldy Museum. The exhibition then transferred to Vettriano's gallery in London.

In February 2011, it was announced that Vettriano's self-portrait "The Weight" would be displayed at the re-opened Scottish National Portrait Gallery from November 2011, the first time he had exhibited at a national gallery. Deputy director Nicola Kalinsky said Vettriano was "a figure we have wanted on our wall for a while for obvious reasons". First Minister, Alex Salmond said of Vettriano, "He is a wonderful artist of considerable talent and achievement and this is a magnificent tribute to the special place he holds in the hearts of people in Scotland."

In September 2013, a major retrospective of Vettriano's work opened at Glasgow's Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum. 'Jack Vettriano: A Retrospective' ran until 23 February 2014 and featured over 100 works.


Devendra Jhajharia

Devendra Jhajharia (born 10 June 1981) is an Indian Paralympic javelin thrower competing in F46 events. The first Indian Paralympian to win two gold medals at the Paralympics, he won his first gold in the javelin throw at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, becoming only the second gold medalist at the Paralympics for his country. At the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, he won a second gold medal in the same event, bettering his previous record. Devendra is currently being supported by the GoSports Foundation through the Para Champions Programme.

h

Umayyad conquest of Hispania

The Umayyad conquest of Hispania was the expansion of the Umayyad Caliphate over Hispania, from 711 to 788.

The conquest destroyed the Visigothic Kingdom and set up the Emirate of Cordova under Abd ar-Rahman I. This completed al-Andalus, the unification of Muslim-ruled Iberia (756–788). The conquest was the westernmost expansion of the Umayyad Caliphate and Muslim rule into Europe. Charles Martel defeated them in the Battle of Tours, so they did not conquer France.

The conquering army was made up mainly of Berbers (north-western Africa). They had only recently come under Muslim influence. They arrived in early 711 at Gibraltar.

The Umayyad Caliphate in Damascus was overthrown around 750 AD, but continued in al-Andalus until 1031.

The period from 710 to the fall of the last Islamic state in the Battle of Granada in 1492 is called the "Reconquista".

John Brown's Body (poem)

John Brown's Body is an epic poem by American poet Stephen Vincent Benét.

In 1925 Stephen Vincent Benét decided to write a long poem. With this proposal he approached the Guggenheim Foundation. He asked for 2 500 dollars and got it. Then he went to France. He settled in Paris and began to write. The poem was published in 1928. At once it became very popular. No American poem gained such popularity earlier. Ever Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's works were not so widely read. 130 000 copies of the book were sold during two years. For this poem the poet received the Pulitzer Prize in 1929. Many years later he got the second Pulitzer Prize for the poem "Western Star".

The poem in written in many measures. The poet employs both regular blank verse, free verse and different stanzas. This fragment is an example of classical blank verse.

From time to time the poet uses alliteration.

John Brown's Body is a poem about Civil War in America. The story begins with John Brown and his deeds. It ends with general Lee’s surrender at Appomattox. In this work historical and fictional persons are presented together. In 1953 Charles Laughton turned the poem into a play. It was performed in many theatres in America.


Slave Power

Slave Power, also called the Slave Power conspiracy and Slaveocracy, was a term first used by abolitionists in 1839 and was in common use by the 1850s. It referred to the economic, social and political influence held by slaveholders in the Southern United States. Southern slaveholders had a great deal power in Congress and many other federal offices up to and including the presidency. This is in spite of the fact they made up only a small minority of the population of the nation. These few very powerful men used their influence to maintain the institution of slavery. The fear in the North was that the slave power conspiracy intended to not only to spread slavery to the Western territories but to all the states in the North.

Slavery in America began in the English colony of Jamestown in 1619. It started with the purchase of 20 Africans from an English warship named the "White Lyon." The Colonists in the Virginia Colony bought the contracts of the Africans as indentured servants. It became a custom to hold slaves for life in the colonies. During the 17th and 18th centuries, slaves were used to raise crops of tobacco and food crops. After the invention of the cotton gin in 1793, cotton became the most important crop. Slavery became a critical part of the South's economy.

By the late 1850s, there was a widespread belief that a slaveholding oligarchy ran the country. That they ran it for their own benefit to spread slavery was also a popular belief. It was what Abraham Lincoln and the new Republican Party used to gain political power. It was also popular among conspiracy theorists. The Free Soil Party in the 1840s and the Republicans in the 1850s gave Slave Power its credibility. On March 12, 1857, the Cincinnati Daily Commercial published an article about Slave Power. The article called the United States "one great homogeneous slave-holding community" and said slavery had removed all state boundaries. It charged that Slave Power had three objectives. These were: to reopen the slave trade; to extend slavery to the entire country and beyond; and to make the white man a slave to the slave-holding Southern aristocracy and the Northern capitalists.

After 1850, Southern slaveholders had been lobbying for the reopening of the slave trade. So that charge seemed valid. Abolitionists had ample evidence Slave Power wanted to extend slavery to all the states and even the hemisphere. The third claim, that white men would become slaves to the Slave Power was harder to prove even though many believed it was true. 

Those who defended slavery had a number of arguments to justify the institution. They said abolition would destroy the economy of the South. Without slave labor they could not raise cotton, tobacco or rice. Freeing the slaves would cause widespread unemployment, it would lead to uprisings, bloodshed and complete chaos. They pointed to the French Revolution as an example. They pointed out slavery had existed all through history. It was in the Bible and even Abraham had slaves. Their legal argument pointed to the Supreme Court of the United States who decided in "Dred Scott v. Sandford" (1857) that blacks were not citizens but were property.

Southern plantations could be very profitable. Sources differ as to just how profitable they were. Between 1770–1860, land was abundant and easy to obtain making it virtually worthless by itself. It was hard to get rich by just owning land. The Southern elite got very wealthy by owning the labor force that produced the crops on the land. The value of the slaves themselves was between one and two years of the entire national income of the United States. Only a small minority held slaves and it was limited to the Southern United States. Slaves were the real wealth.

A study by Alfred Conrad and John Meyer computed the rate of return for "slave capital". They calculated that slave ownership was at least equal to other forms of investments and higher than most. Slave ownership alone could return as high as 13% per year while railroad bonds would return 6–8%. 

The slave trade was banned in the United States after January 1, 1808. Slave ownership was still legal, but no more African slaves could be brought into the country. Until that time slave traders had become very wealthy by transporting slaves.

Examples of the enormous wealth of Southern slave owners includes Joshua John Ward of Georgetown County, South Carolina. He owned 1,130 slaves and controlled six large plantations. In 1850, he grew of rice earning his nickname as the "King of the Rice Planters". Another was Stephen Duncan. He was the wealthiest cotton planter before the Civil War. Over his lifetime he owned more than 2,000 slaves. He owned 15 plantations. The largest one used 858 slaves.

The Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 was a large political concession given to the South. It created a new commission that acted similar to the United States Marshals Service but with several differences. They were paid a reward by the federal government for each slave (or those who were claimed to be slaves) that was captured. They quickly became the largest federal employer at the time. The new act was anything but pro-States' rights as Northern state laws were ignored. There was no due process of law. In short, the Fugitive Slave act gave Southern states the power over the laws of Northern states by using the federal government to do their bidding.

The Act of 1850 alarmed Northerners both black and white. Free blacks had much to fear about being kidnapped and finding themselves a captive slave in the South. Northern whites were alarmed because their communities were being assaulted by slave hunters. Northerners saw this as proof positive of a Slave Power conspiracy that was threatening their liberty.

Northern Free-Soilers and Republicans had their differences. But one thing they agreed on was they both opposed slavery expanding to the territories. Both opposed the Southern planters who they called "slave oligarchs". Together they had an advantage over earlier attempts by political parties to oppose slavery. Earlier, Northern politicians had to go easy on slavery issues because they needed the political power of the Southerners to win national elections. For that reason they supported slaveholding presidents, congressmen and senators. But the Republicans and Free-Soilers did not need to please the Southern politicians and they attacked their power at every opportunity. They brought up old arguments that Slave Power had too long held power in American politics. That argument was used when Thomas Jefferson had been elected president. It came up when Missouri was admitted as a slave state in 1820 and again in 1845 when Texas was annexed. This time the Republicans hammered the idea hard. It hurt Northern Democrats the most. Republicans won many offices in the North that had been held by Democrats for decades. In the 1860 election, the Democrats split between North and South with each supporting their own candidate. This allowed Lincoln to win even though he did not have a majority. This ended the Slave Power dominance in politics and was a contributing factor to the American Civil War.

Most Antebellum Period presidents were not only from the South, but also owned slaves themselves. Many figured prominently in maintaining the economics of slavery. One reason for so many Southern presidents is that they benefited from the electoral college advantage they held, especially those from the largest slaveholding state, Virginia. In the Constitutional Convention (1787) delegates from Northern states did not want slaves counted as each being one person for the purposes of a state's representation in Congress. Southern delegates wanted slaves to count as individuals even though they could not vote. The delegates finally arrived at the Three-Fifths Compromise. In Article I, section 2 of the United States Constitution, calling slaves by the euphemism "all other persons", the founders counted each slave as three-fifths of a person. This gave slave states one-third more seats in Congress than they would otherwise have based on the number of citizens they had. This factor was decisive in the 1800 presidential election giving Thomas Jefferson the win by the House of Representatives. 

One of the key reasons Washington, D.C. was selected as the United States Capitol was that it located around a slave town, Alexandria, Virginia. New York City was in a free state and in Philadelphia a slave could only be kept for six months before being freed. This was inconvenient for slave owning politicians. Also, Washington D.C. was promoted by George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and James Madison—three key Southerners who owned slaves. <br>

Neotribalism

Neotribalism (neo-tribalism; modern tribalism) is a sociological concept. The idea is that human beings have evolved to live in tribal society, as opposed to mass society. So they will naturally form social networks of new "tribes".

Rory's Place

Rory's Place is an American children's television series produced by Johnny Devon. The series premiered on Ready Set Learn as part of the TLC programming block on September 27, 1997 and ended on January 23, 1999.

The series premiered on Ready Set Learn as part of the TLC programming block on September 27, 1997 and ended on January 23, 1999.


Protests against Donald Trump

Protests against Donald Trump occurred in the United States in 2016. They occurred because of Trump's presidential campaign, and because of the results of the 2016 presidential election.

During Trump's presidential campaign, activists organized demonstrations inside Trump rallies who sometimes called for the rallies to be shut down.

After Trump won the presidential election, students and activists made larger protests in several major cities across the United States. The protesters chanted that Trump is "Not my President!" and other slogans.

Tory Lanez

Daystar Peterson (born July 27, 1992), better known by his stage name Tory Lanez, is a Canadian rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer. Lanez was perhaps first recognized for his 2014 mixtape "Lost Cause" and his single "Say It" (2015). Lanez is signed to Mad Love Records and Interscope Records. His single "Say It" peaked at number 23 on the Billboard Hot 100.

On July 12, 2020, Lanez was charged with carrying a concealed weapon. While being arrested, he was pulled over in a limo with fellow rapper Megan Thee Stallion. Megan exited the car with an injured foot. She said it was because of broken glass but she later said that it was from a bullet.

He denied shooting Megan on his fifth studio album "Daystar".

In October 2020, he was charged with felony counts of assault with a semiautomatic firearm, personal use of a firearm, and carrying a loaded, unregistered firearm in a vehicle. On December 23, 2022, a jury convicted him on three charges. On August 8, 2023, he was sentenced to 10 years in prison.



Turkification

Turkification was the process of turning a culturally, linguistically, or ethnically non-Turkish area into a cultural, linguistic, or Turkish area. Turkification was sometimes voluntary and sometimes forced. Turkey was once the home to many different ethnic groups before the arrival of the Turks. Among these groups were Greeks, Kurds, Armenians, and many more. These groups had been subjected to centuries of cultural assimilation. However, under Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, these groups were subjected to a second wave of forced Turkification, this time targeting their languages.

Turkification partially explains why Turkish culture is a mixture of Western, Islamic, and Shamanistic cultures.

Zugangserschwerungsgesetz

The Zugangserschwerungsgesetz was a German law which aimed to make the access to child pornography over the internet more difficult. It was in use in 2010 and 2011.

Newton Aycliffe

Newton Aycliffe is a town in County Durham, England. It is about 5 miles north of Darlington. It makes up a part of the civil parish of Great Aycliffe. It has a town centre, Beveridge Way, and has a few superstores and supermarkets including Aldi and Tesco. 

NP-hardness

An NP-hard problem is a type of mathematical problem used in computer science. It is a yes/no problem where finding a solution for it is at least as hard as finding a solution for the hardest problem whose solution can quickly be checked as being true. Some NP-hard problems are ones where a working solution can be checked quickly (NP problems) and some are not. NP-hard problems that are also NP problems fit into a category called NP-complete. 

An example of a problem that is at least as hard to solve as any other problem that we can quickly check solutions for, which is also quickly checkable (it is both NP-hard and NP): 

A travelling salesman wants to visit 100 cities by driving, starting and ending his trip at home. He has a limited supply of gasoline, so he can only drive a total of 10,000 kilometers. He wants to know if he can visit all of the cities without running out of gasoline.

People don't know how to solve this problem faster than testing every possible answer, but if a solution is found that allows the salesman to do this, we can use an algorithm check that it is true. This problem is also known as Travelling salesman problem.

An example of a problem that is at least as hard to solve as any other problem that we can quickly check solutions for, but that can not be checked quickly (it is NP-hard, but it is not NP):

if someone starts a program that simply goes,
and never stops it, will it run forever?

There is no known way to find a solution to all problems of this kind, and this also cannot be checked.

Vernamiège

Vernamiège was a municipality in the district Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Vernamiège, Mase and Nax merged into the new municipality of Mont-Noble.

Lake Louise (Alberta)

Lake Louise, also called Lake of the Little Fishes by the Stoney Nakota First Nations people, is a glacial lake within Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada. The village of Lake Louise is on the Trans-Canada Highway (Highway 1), which is west of Banff, Alberta. The emerald color of the water comes from rock flour carried into the lake by melt-water from the glaciers that overlook the lake. The lake has a surface of and is drained through the 3 km long "Louise Creek" into the Bow River. Moraine Lake and Lake Agnes are also accessible from Lake Louise.

Lake Louise was originally named "Emerald Lake". In 1884 the name was changed, naming it after the daughter of Queen Victoria, Princess Louise Caroline Alberta.

Anastasio Somoza García

Anastasio Somoza García (1 February 1896 – 29 September 1956) was the President and dictator of Nicaragua from 1937 until his death in 1956. He ran one of the most corrupt governments in history. But because his administration was anti-communist he was supported by the United States. García was the son of a wealthy coffee planter. He was educated in Philadelphia where he met and married Salvadora Debayle Sacasa. She was also from a wealthy Nicaraguan family. He became very wealthy through investments in land, transport, real estate and manufacturing. After winning the 1936 Presidential Election, he took control of the National Guard. He placed family members in key positions of the government. He and his family controlled the Nationalist Liberal Party which controlled the legislature and Judiciary. This gave him absolute control of the country. On September 21, 1956 he was shot in León, Nicaragua by a poet. He died eight days later. His family continued to rule in Nicaragua for two more decades.

Stevo Todorčević

Stevo Todorčević is a Canadian-French-Serbian mathematician, one of the world’s leading logicians and a world leader in set theory and its applications to pure mathematics. He is a Canada Research Chair Professor in mathematics at the University of Toronto, and a senior director of research at the Centre national de la recherche scientifique (CNRS) in Paris.

Todorčević was born at Ubovića Brdo, Bosnia and Herzegovina where he lived until the second grade of primary school. After, his family moved to Banatsko Novo Selo where he finished primary school. He enrolled "Uroš Predić" grammar school in Pančevo. He demonstrated his talent and affinity toward mathematics in the third and fourth years of the grammar school. After finishing grammar school he enrolled Faculty of Science, Belgrade University, where he studied pure mathematics. During his undergraduate studies he attended Đuro Kurepa's advanced mathematical classes. In 1978 he enrolled graduate studies. Kurepa validated Todorčević's master thesis as good enough to be accepted as a doctoral thesis. Regardless, Todorčević wrote his doctoral thesis in 1979 with Kurepa as his advisory. In his address, preceding the oral defense of the doctoral thesis, Kurepa stressed that he was not able to find external readers of the Stevo's doctoral thesis in Yugoslavia, capable of fully understanding and evaluating Stevo's work, and turned to two university professors from England. Kurepa added that Stevo's talent was a miracle and that Stevo was the most talented out of the 40 Ph.D. students he advised in the past.

According to the Centre de Recherches Mathématiques, the Fields Institute and the Pacific Institute for Mathematical Sciences announcement, as of December 14, 2014,his work is recognized for its striking originality and technical brilliance. He was an invited speaker at the 1998 ICM in Berlin for his discovery and work on rho-functions. He made major contributions to the study of S- and L-spaces in topology, proved a remarkable classification theorem for transitive relations on the first uncountable ordinal, made a deep study of compact subsets of the Baire class 1 functions thus continuing work of Bourgain, Fremlin, Talagrand, and others in Banach space theory. Together with P. Larson he completed the solution of Katetov’s old compact spaces metrization problem. Among the most striking recent accomplishments of Todorčević (and co-authors) are major contributions to the von Neumann and Maharam problems on Boolean algebras, the theory of non-separable Banach spaces, including the solution of an old problem of Davis and Johnson, the solution of a long-standing problem of Laver, and the development of a duality theory relating finite Ramsey theory and topological dynamics.

Further, Todorčević is known for his the side-condition method in set-theoretic forcing, the invention and development of walks on ordinals and their characteristics, and other research that bridge between different areas of mathematics.
Todorčević's first recognized contribution to Set theory was given in his 1978 Master’s Thesis. He constructed a model of formula_1 in a way to allow him to make the continuum any regular cardinal and derived a variety of topological consequences of formula_2 Here formula_3 is an abbreviation for Martin's Axiom and formula_4– for weak Kurepa Hypothesis.

Todorčević earned his doctoral degree in 1979 at the University of Belgrade with Đuro Kurepa as advisor and Keith Devlin as outside reader. Devlin attended the defense; he encouraged Todorčević to visit Jerusalem where he attended Saharon Shelah's lectures on forcing.

In the July–August 1980 Todorčević attended the six-week summer school called Settop held in Toronto. At the conference, Todorčević along with Abraham had proved the existence of rigid Aronszajn trees and the consistency of formula_5 + there exists a first countable formula_6-space. formula_7 is an abbreviation for the Continuum Hypotesis.

He gave a survey of work on trees from combinatorial and set-theoretic perspectives, in the 1980s., and continued this work on exploring consistent possibilities for various types of trees, looking for results for trees on multiple cardinals, or with required or forbidden types of subtrees. The elegance of his presentation drew a wide audience for this work.

As to the partition calculus in 1980’s, "Todorčević proved a startling square bracket partition result for the uncountable and introduced new technology whose ramifications are still unfolding, and proved a stepping up lemma for negative square bracket partition relations."

Todorčević was a Miller Research Fellow in Berkeley from 1983 to 1985. In the 1985/6 academic year, he was a member of the Institute for Advanced Study.

For his proof of the partition relation formula_8, Todorčević earned explicit appreciations. Paul Erdös wrote, "This certainly is an unexpected and sensational result." and Jean A. Larson added, "... (it) was a wonderful shock that introduced a wide audience to the walks on ordinals and the oscillation function." Todorčević obtained this partition relation in September 1984, while lecturing on it in the Berkeley seminar, wrote up the notes of his lectures and circulated them in January 1985 and published the result later, in 1987. The walks on ordinals method Todorčević devised in May 1984 when he came up with a new proof of the existence of a Countryman line. 

In order to establish this partition relation, Todorčević discovered an entirely new mathematical object called rho functions. Sierpinski in 1933 coloured the edges of the complete graph formula_9 whose vertices are the elements of the smallest uncountable cardinal number. He coloured the edges of formula_9 with 2 colours in such a way that each colour appears on some edge of any uncountable subgraph of formula_9. Galvin and Shelah in 1980s had increased the number of colours from 2 to 3. Improving 3 to 4 seemed beyond any available methods. Todorčević used his newly discovered rho functions to increase the colours not just to 4, but all the way up to the smallest uncountable cardinal, which is the maximum conceivable number. This was one of the results for which he was invited to the Berlin ICM.

The discovery of rho functions (and the various applications they have found), an entirely new mathematical object, one out of the five in Set theory in the twentieth century, is celebrated as a major advance in understanding of mathematics and an extended period of exciting progress. 

In 1989 Todorčević published a monograph, "Partition Problems in Topology". He wrote that proof techniques developed for solving
the S-space problem and the L-space problem turn out to be useful in many other problems in general topology, writing "this is so because Ramsey-type theorems are basic and so much needed in many parts of mathematics and (S) and (L) happen to be Ramsey-type properties of the uncountable most often needed by the topologist".

He became a corresponding member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts as of 1991 and a full member of the Academy in 2009.

He was invited to deliver the Tarski Lectures in 2014.

Todorčević is the Royal Society of Canada fellow. In the 2016 RSC fellowship nomination detailed appraisal it was written:

One of his Ph.D. students, Ilijas Farah, won the 1997 Sacks Prize for his Ph.D. dissertation. The Ph.D. was received on June, 1997, at the University of Toronto. Farah, now a York University professor, was an invited speaker on the ICM, Seoul 2014, Logic session where he presented his work related to the Logic and operator algebras. Another Todorčević's Ph.D. student, Justin Tatch Moore, won the "Young Scholar's Competition" award in 2006, in Vienna, Austria. The Competition was a part of the "Horizons of Truth" celebrating the Gödel Centenary 2006. Moore, now a Cornell University professor, was an invited speaker on the ICM, Hyderabad 2010, Logic session where he presented his work related to the Proper forcing axiom .

Todorčević is the winner of 



Mont-Noble

Mont-Noble is a municipality of the district of Hérens in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Mase, Nax and Vernamiège merged into the new municipality of Mont-Noble.
Nax, Vernamiège and Mase.


Bratsch

Bratsch is a village and former municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009 the former municipalities of Bratsch and Gampel merged into the new municipality of Gampel-Bratsch.

Ergisch

Ergisch (Walliser German: "Ärgisch") is a municipality of the district Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Erschmatt

Erschmatt was a municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Erschmatt merged into the municipality of Leuk.

Selkingen

Selkingen is a village and former municipality in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2001 the former municipalities of Selkingen, Biel and Ritzingen merged into the new municipality of Grafschaft.

Burlington County, New Jersey

Burlington County is a county in the U.S. state of New Jersey. Its county seat is Mount Holly. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 461,860, making it the 11th-largest of the state's 21 counties.

Judea (Roman province)

Judea was a small third-class province in the Roman Empire. It occupied the same area as modern Israel and Palestine. For centuries Judea had been under the rule of the Seleucid Empire. As that empire broke down, Rome gradually took control of the eastern parts of the Mediterranean. By 64 BC, after nearly two centuries of independent rule, those struggling for the Judean crown asked Emperor Pompey the Great to decide. Pompey stepped in and made Judea a client state. It briefly became a procuratorship between 41 and 44 AD under King Herod Agrippa. After his death it was returned to a province again. It was the scene of several wars called the Jewish–Roman wars. In 70 AD it was the scene of the Great Jewish Revolt resulting in the institution of the Fiscus Judaicus. After Bar Kokhba's revolt (132–135), the Roman Emperor Hadrian changed the name of the province to Syria Palaestina. The name Jerusalem was changed to Aelia Capitolina. 

Mut

Mut was an ancient Egyptian goddess. Mut meant "mother" in the ancient Egyptian language. Her name can also be spelled Maut or Mout. She is associated with the waters from which everything was born.

Some of Mut's many titles included "World-Mother", "Eye of Ra", "Queen of the Goddesses", "Lady of Heaven", "Mother of the Gods", and "She Who Gives Birth, But Was Herself Not Born of Any".

In art, Mut was pictured as a woman with the wings of a vulture. She holds an ankh and wears the united crown of Upper and Lower Egypt. Her dress is bright red or blue. There is a feather of the goddess Ma'at at her feet.

Mut is sometimes shown as a cobra, a cat, a cow, or as a lioness as well as the vulture.

Sopdet

In Egyptain mythology Sopdet was the goddess of the star Sothis. Sothis is thought to be the star Sirius. 

The name "Sopdet" means "sharp" in Egyptain. This is a reference to the brightest star in the night sky. In art she is shown as a woman with a five-pointed star upon her head.

Monthu

Monthu is a god of war in Egyptian mythology. He is usually shown as a falcon-headed man with two long feathers and a sun disk.

Monthu's name can be written in English as Mont, Montu, Montju, or Menthu.

Montu had several partners, including the goddess Tenenet, the goddess Iunit, and a female form of Ra.

Qetesh

Qetesh was a goddess in the ancient Egyptian religion, popular during the New Kingdom.

Qetesh was a fertility goddess of sacred ecstasy and sexual pleasure. She was adopted from Canaan in what is now Syria. 

Arrondissements of the Var department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Var department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Var are:


Since its creation, the Var department has had few changes:


Wosret

Wosret is an Egyptian goddess with a cult centre at Thebes in Upper Egypt. She is initially a localised guardian diety whose cult rose widely to prominence during the stable 12th dynasty when three pharaohs were named as her son; for example, Senwosret the man of Wosret.

Wepwawet

In late Egyptian Mythology Wepwawet (also rendered Upuaut) was originally a war deity whose cult centre was Asyut in Upper Egypt. His name means "opener of the ways" and he is often depicted as a wolf standing at the prow of a solar boat. Some interpret that Wepwawet is seen as a scout going out to clear routes for the army to proceed forward. One inscription from the Sinai states that Wepwawet "opens the way" to king Sekhemkhet's victory.

Over time, the connection to war, and thus to death, led to Wepwawet also being seen as one who opened the ways to, and through, Duat, for the spirits of the dead. 

East Africa Time

East Africa Time or EAT is a time zone used in Eastern Africa. It is often named as UTC+3. There is no daylight saving time since it is so near the equator.



Arrondissement of Draguignan

The arrondissement of Draguignan is an arrondissement of France, in the Var department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Draguignan.

When the Var department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Draguignan was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Draguignan is the most eastern of the "arrondissements" of the Var department. It is bordered to the north by the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, to the east by the Alpes-Maritimes department, to the south by the Toulon "arrondissement" and to the west by the Brignoles "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Draguignan is the largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the second in population (321,569 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 9 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Draguignan and 3 of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":

The "arrondissement" of Draguignan has 54 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Tatenen

Tatenen is the god of primordial mound in the ancient Egyptian religion. His name mean "risen land" or "exalted earth", as well as referring to the silt of the Nile. As a primeval chthonic deity, Tatenen is identified with creation. He is an androgynous protector of nature from the Memphis area the ancient capital of the Aneb-Hetch nome in Lower Egypt.

Heka (god)

Heka was the deification of magic in ancient Egypt. The name is the Egyptian word for "magic" . According to Egyptain writing "Heka" existed ""before duaity had yet come into being"". The term "Heka" was also used to refer to the practice of magical rituals.

Arrondissement of Brignoles

The arrondissement of Brignoles is an arrondissement of France, in the Var department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Brignoles.

When the Var department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Brignoles was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" was eliminated in 1926 but it was made again an "arrondissement" in 1974.

The "arrondissement" of Brignoles is in the northwest of the Var department. It is bordered to the north by the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, to the east by the Draguignan "arrondissement", to the south by the Toulon "arrondissement" and to the west by the Bouches-du-Rhône department.

The "arrondissement" of Brignoles is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the one with fewest people living in it (150,974 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Brignoles there are 6 cantons but only 2 of them have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":

The "arrondissement" of Brignoles has 67 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Cree language

Cree (also known as Cree–Montagnais–Naskapi) is an Algonquian language spoken by about 117,000 people across Canada from the Northwest Territories and Alberta to Labrador. This makes it the aboriginal language with the highest number of speakers in Canada. Despite having a large number of speakers within this wide-ranging area, the only region where Cree has any official status is in the Northwest Territories. This is along with eight other official aboriginal languages.

Arrondissement of Toulon

The arrondissement of Toulon is an arrondissement of France, in the Var department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Toulon.

When the Var department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Toulon was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Toulon is in the southern part of the Var department. It is bordered to the north by the Brignoles "arrondissement", to the east by the Draguignan "arrondissement", to the south by the Mediterranean Sea and to the west by the Bouches-du-Rhône department.

The "arrondissement" of Toulon is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the one with more people living in it (565,669 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 14 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Toulon and 4 of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement"

The "arrondissement" of Toulon has 32 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Humane Society of the United States

The Humane Society of the United States (HSUS), based in Washington, D.C., is an American nonprofit organization that does activism against animal cruelty. It was founded in 1954. They do this by organizing campaigns to get laws passed and by investigating companies.

HSUS opposes cruelty against animals used for food.
The organization works on a full range of animals, including pets, wildlife, farm animals, horses, and animals used in research, testing and education.

HSUS works with another organization, the Fund for Animals, to operate animal sanctuaries in five states. However, it does not operate animal shelters itself. HSUS also trains rescue groups and shelters.

HSUS has been criticized for the way it spends its money.

In 1954, there were disagreements in the American Humane Association (AHA), another animal rights organization. The AHA thought that animals could be used in experiments, but some members disagreed. Many of the staff were fired, including Larry Andrews, Marcia Glaser, Helen Jones, and Fred Myers. These people set up HSUS in Washington, DC. At first, it was called the "National Humane Society". This organization focused on national policy. Their first goal was to get laws about humane slaughter passed.

In 1958, the Humane Methods of Slaughter Act passed. This law required slaughterhouses to use humane slaughter methods.

In 1961, HSUS employee Frank McMahon began an investigation of dog dealers around the United States. In February 1966, "Life" magazine published an article about some of the poor conditions he found. Tens of thousands of Americans read the article and wrote letters to Congress members, asking them to protect animals more. Later that year, the U.S. Congress approved the Laboratory Animal Welfare Act.

In 2005, HSUS started an Animal Protection Litigation Section. This is a part of the organization that works with attorneys around the country to participate in legal cases. This group had won approximately three dozen cases by 2015. In 2010, the section estimated that it had filed more than 50 legal actions in 25 states, and won 80% of its cases.

In September 2005, thousands of animals were left behind as people evacuated during Hurricane Katrina. HSUS and other organizations rescued approximately ten thousand animals.

During 2013, HSUS helped to pass 109 state laws to protect animals.

The HSUS has a department that focuses on pets. It also wants to end dog-fighting.



Blockade runners of the American Civil War

The blockade runners of the American Civil War were specially outfitted Confederate ships designed to slip through the blockade of Southern by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. On April 19, 1861, one week after Confederate forces attacked Fort Sumter, President Abraham Lincoln ordered the blockade. In response, the Confederacy used small fast ships known as blockade runners. During the first two years of the Civil War, the blockade had very limited success. As many as two out of every three ships entering or leaving Southern ports were successful. The Union Navy had to patrol nearly 3,500 miles of seashore along the Atlantic and Gulf coastlines. But as the Union built more ships, the blockade became more effective. As few as 25% of blockade runners were successful later in the war. 

The blockade was part of General Winfield Scott's Anaconda Plan to put economic pressure on the Confederacy until it returned to the Union. It was the most ambitious blockade ever attempted in world history. In 1861, the Confederate states had little manufacturing compared to the North. They did not have the capacity to make the weapons and ammunition they needed to wage a war. What they did have was cotton, which was highly profitable because they used slave labor. At the time, the South supplied cotton to both England and France for use in their textile mills. The South needed to export cotton to Europe and import arms and food for its army in return. A successful blockade could severely damage the Confederate government's ability to continue fighting.

President Lincoln issued two proclamations regarding the blockade. On April 19, he declared a blockade of the Southern ports from South Carolina to Texas. On April 27, he issued a second proclamation, extending the blockade to include Virginia and North Carolina. It read:
The proclamation raised an immediate question of whether the action by the seceding states was a rebellion or a war. Legally, based on the United States Constitution it was an armed insurrection "levying war against the United States" which made them guilty of treason. But, in dealing with foreign governments, the U.S. always treated the Confederates as rebels and not belligerents at war with the United States.

Lincoln knew very well the importance of semantics. He treated the act of secession as an act of rebellion against the democratic self-government of a state. In his view a minority of people had taken over the governments in the South because they did not like the way the 1860 presidential election had turned out. This act defied a main principle of democracy, which is a freely elected government. Lincoln stated "It is now for [us] to demonstrate to the world, that those who can fairly carry an election, can also suppress a rebellion."

In 1861, both the Confederacy and the Union wanted the help of Great Britain. The North counted on them because of their condemnation of slavery. The Confederacy counted on their help because of the great importance their cotton had to Britain's economy. So both sides had diplomatic relations with Great Britain. The South needed Britain's help to win the war. Also, without the aid of Britain, France would not dare interfere even though they were already friendly with the South. On May 4, 1861, Queen Victoria issued a proclamation declaring Britain's neutrality in the war and recognizing the Confederacy as a belligerent in the conflict. This enraged Lincoln. Seward, his Secretary of State, had already issued instructions to the new minister to Britain to quit and come home should the Queen recognize the Confederacy. France followed with a similar declaration which also recognized the CSA as a nation. Seward warned both nations of the possibility of war with the United States over this issue.

When Lincoln ordered the blockade, the United States Navy had fewer than 9,000 men. By the end of 1861 it had increased to 24,000 men. The blockade was made up of squadrons of ships set up at different points along the Southern coast line. Each group was responsible to monitor a particular area. Two early victories aided the blockade. In April 1862, Union forces captured Fort Pulaski and Savannah, Georgia. A few weeks later New Orleans was captured. In August of 1865, Mobile, Alabama, the last Confederate port in the Gulf of Mexico fell to Union forces.

At first, blockade running was done by ships of all sizes. The most successful were the steamboats that were put out of work when the war broke out. They could hug the coast and haul their cargoes of cotton to Cuba or The Bahamas and bring back items of lesser value. This collection of mostly small boats worked well at first when the Union Navy could not effectively guard all areas of the coast. So they did not need to be fast or stealthy and the work was fairly easy. The captains knew the coast very well which allowed them to avoid the Union warships. Cotton is gathered in September and shipped during the winter and spring. When the blockade went into effect in April 1961, most of that year's cotton had already been shipped. Only about one-seventh remained for the smaller ships to haul. The 1860 cotton crop had been huge and there was no shortage of cotton either in the Northern states or in England. So there were no great profits to be made or money available to buy war supplies. This worked in favor of the Union even though the blockade was not that effective yet. Still, the blockade runners could make some profit, but not nearly as much as later in the war.

As the war progressed and more Union warships became available for the blockade and the number of available ports became fewer and fewer. But blockade running became more specialized. In 1863, 199 blockade runners arrived in Confederate ports. In 1864 the number grew to 244. In 1865, by the end of the war another 30 had successfully carried their cargoes to Southern ports. More and more this depended on a very special type of ship. They were steamers, built for speed, they had large cargo capacities and had a very low silhouette making them harder to see at a distance. The work was dangerous but a successful trip could gain enormous profits for the crews. They became the South's main outlet for trade with Europe. Without them the Confederacy could not have lasted as long as they did. Risking war with the United States, England secretly built several blockade runners for the South.


Franklin Township, Somerset County, New Jersey

Franklin Township is a township in New Jersey. In 2020, about 68,000 people lived in Franklin.

Valles Marineris

Valles Marineris is a canyon system on Mars. It is long.

Beatboxing

Beatboxing is making percussive noises with the mouth, lips, tongue and voice. Performers try to imitate the sounds of a drum machine. They could also try to imitate turntablism and other instruments. It is used a lot in hip-hop music. This includes the use of humming, singing and tapping. 

Golaghmuli Valley

Golaghmuli Valley is a high mountainous valley in Upper Ghizer of Gilgit-Baltistan Pakistan. This valley is east of Chitral and north of Swat. Golaghmuli Valley is separated from the Chitral and Swat by high mountain passes. To reach Golaghmuli Valley, a person must take the Gilgit-Chitral road west from Gilgit, and then continue straight by Gupis. After Gupis, one continues northwest to reach the Yasin Valley and the straight road goes to Golaghmuli Valley. Golaghmuli Valley has a spectacular natural beauty.


Battle of Stamford Bridge

The Battle of Stamford Bridge took place near the village of Stamford Bridge, East Riding of Yorkshire, in England. On the 25 September 1066, an English army under King Harold Godwinson fought an invading Norwegian army led by King Harald Hardrada. 

Harold's brother Tostig Godwinson joined Hardrada's forces. After a bloody and brutal battle, both Hardrada and Tostig, along with a large number of the Norwegians, were killed. Godwinson's achieved a complete victory. The battle marks the end of the Viking Age in England. Less than three weeks later, Godwinson's English army was defeated by William the Conqueror at the Battle of Hastings.

King Edward the Confessor of England died in January 1066 without having left an heir. This caused a struggle over who would be king after him. A number of claimants from across northwestern Europe thought that they should be the next king and included the King of Norway, Harald Hardrada. According to the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle", the Norwegians assembled a fleet of 300 ships to invade England. The Norwegian army numbered about 11,000 men. Arriving off the English coast in September, Hardrada was joined by forces recruited in Flanders and Scotland by Tostig Godwinson. Tostig was angry with his older brother Harold, who had been elected king by the witan on the death of Edward. Tostig lost his position as Earl of Northumbria and was exiled in 1065. Tostig had mounted a series of attacks on the Sussex coast England in the spring of 1066. The king believed Tostig's raid on the coast was a sign that William, the Duke of Normandy, was about to invade England.

In the late summer of 1066, the Norwegian-led invaders sailed up the Humber River, then the River Ouse, before they advanced on York. They landed at Riccall after Godwinson had first learned of their invasion. her On 20 September they defeated a northern English army led by Edwin, Earl of Mercia, and his brother Morcar, Earl of Northumbria, at the Battle of Fulford. After the victory, they received the surrender of York. They briefly occupied the city and took hostages and supplies from the city. Then they returned to their ships at Riccall. Hardrada offered peace to the Northumbrians in exchange for their support for his bid for the throne. Then, he demanded more hostages from all of Yorkshire.

At this time Godwinson was in southern England. He was waiting for an invasion from France by the Duke of Normandy. Duke William was another contender for the English throne. Learning of the Norwegian invasion, Godwinson headed north at great speed with his houscarls and as many thegns as he could gather. He made the journey from London to Yorkshire, a distance of about 190 miles, in only four days. Godwinson learned that the Northumbrians had been ordered to send the additional hostages and supplies to the Norwegians at Stamford Bridge. Godwinson hurried on through York to attack them at this place on 25 September. Until the English army came into view, the invaders did not even know that there was an English army anywhere nearby.

No one is certain of the exact location of the battle. There is no abbey, marker or cross to mark the place. However, an area southwest of the town called "battle flats" may be the actual location of the battle.

The Vikings were taken completely by surprise. They were resting in the heat of the day. Hardrada was confident enough that he left one third of the Viking forces, along with much of the army's armor, at their camp at Riccall. As the English army attacked downhill many of the Vikings were completely unprepared. The main part of the Viking army was on the other side of the bridge. A small Viking force held the approach to the bridge but they were quickly swept aside. According to legend, a single Viking warrior held the narrow bridge against the English for a time. He killed about 40 English warriors before he was killed.

In the fierce fighting that followed, both Hardrada and Tostig were killed. Most of the Vikings at the bridge were killed. Out of the original fleet of 300 ships, there were only enough men left to man 24 ships on the return to Norway. It has been said that before fighting started, Godwinson offered to return his brother's earldom if he would change sides, but Tostig flatly refused.

Stamford Bridge was a major victory for Godwinson. It showed he was a very capable commander. It also demonstrated how well trained his Housecarls were. However, Stamford Bridge will always be overshadowed by the Battle of Hastings, which took place just under three weeks later. The battle at Stamford Bridge left Godwinson's army very tired and in need of rest. He had lost the forces of his two earls from the earlier battle. However, he received news that Duke William had landed.

Harold quickly marched his tired army down to London and stopped at Waltham Abbey long enough to pray for another victory. On October 12 he was in London trying to find more soldiers to add to his army before facing William at Hastings. On October 14, Godwinson formed his army on the ridge looking down on the battlefield. That started the Battle of Hastings and the end of Anglo-Saxon rule in England.


François Villon

François Villon was a French poet. Villon was born in Paris in 1431, he died after 1463. His real name was likely François de Montcorbier or François des Loges. Today, he is considered the most important poet of the late Middle Ages in France. His parents were poor and died when he was still young; Guillaume de Villon was responsible for his upbringing. In 1455, he changed his name to Villon.

David Gentleman

David Gentleman (born 11 March 1930) is an English artist. He studied at the Royal College of Art and was taught by Edward Bawden and John Nash. He works in watercolour, lithography and wood engraving. Some of his work is very large, such as the platform-length murals for Charing Cross underground station in London. Some of his work is very small, including postage stamps and logos.

His themes include landscape and environmental posters, drawings of street life, and protest placards. He has written and illustrated many books, mostly about countries and cities.

Gampel

Gampel is a village and former municipality in the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Gampel and Bratsch merged into the new municipality of Gampel-Bratsch.

Gampel-Bratsch

Gampel-Bratsch is a municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Bratsch and Gampel merged into the new municipality of Gampel-Bratsch.


Weather vane

A weather vane is a device with a freely rotating pointer used to indicate the direction of the wind. Weather vanes served as simple devices for showing the direction of the wind and its speed for centuries. They were a critical tool for agriculture, travel and shipping. They serve a largely decorative function today. They have been replaced by specialized weather instruments. 

To work correctly a weather vane should be at the highest point of a building. It needs to be as far away as possible from other things that might interrupt the wind. The simplest form is a horizontal arrow or other form freely rotating on a vertical rod. When the wind blows, the arrow shows the direction and speed. The earliest known weather was made by the astronomer Andronicus in 48 BC. It sat on top of the Tower of the Winds in Athens. It was between and long and was the shape of a head and torso of a man with the tail of a fish.

The word 'vane' comes from the Old English "fana banner". This is related to the Old High German "fano" (cloth); from the Latin "pannus" (cloth or rag).



Tatar Wikipedia

Tatar Wikipedia is the Tatar language edition of Wikipedia. There are an estimated 5.2 million speakers of Kazan Tatar. Many live in Russia and the countries of the former Soviet republics. Most are concentrated in Tatarstan and in Bashkortostan. There are also Tatar speakers in the cities of Moscow, St.Petersburg and elsewhere in Russia. Tatar is the largest of the minority languages spoken in Russia. 

The total number of articles written in this wikipedia edition is 69,865. The number of administrators in this wikipedia is 3. There are about 54 active users of this wikipedia out of a total number of 21,495 users.


Arrector pili

Musculus arrrector pili are muscles found at the end of hair in mammals.

Guttet-Feschel

Guttet-Feschel is a municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 October 2000, the former municipalities of Feschel and Guttet merged into the new municipality of Guttet-Feschel.

Inden, Switzerland

Inden is a municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It is on a high plateau and along the road that runs from Leukerbad to the Gemmi Pass.


Leukerbad

Leukerbad (, Walliser German: "Leiggerbad") is a municipality of the district Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Oberems

Oberems is a municipality of the district Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Var (river)

The Var () is a river in southeastern France. It is a right tributary of the Rhône river.It gave its name to the French department of Var. It is a unique case in France of a river not flowing in the department named after it (see Var)

The Var river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Nice (Pont Napoléon III) in the Alpes-Maritimes department.

The source of the Var is in the small town of Estenc, in the "commune" of Entraunes, at an altitude of about , to the south of the Col de la Cayolle, a mountain pass high, in the Alpes-Maritimes department. From here, the Var flows, in general, to the southeast.

The Var flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department for most of its length; it flows through the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department for a short distance, about .
The Var river flows through 1 region (Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur), 2 departments and 31 "communes". It flows through the following "communes", among others:

Finally, it flows into the Mediterranean Sea between Nice and Saint-Laurent-du-Var.

The five main tributaries of the Var river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Friesian horse

The Friesian horse is a horse breed that originated from the Friesland province of the netherlands.

Beverly Tyler

Beverly Tyler (July 5, 1927 – November 23, 2005) was a US-American singer and actress in American film and television from the 1940s into the 1960s."

Born "Beverly Jean Saul" in Scranton, Pennsylvania, the daughter of a secretary, she was just a teenage girl when she had her singing debut on the local radio. A short time later she moved with her mother to Hollywood and gave her film debut in the 1943 premiere comedy "The Youngest Profession".

Until 1947 she worked in six feature films and afterwards only 1950 again a film role. Her last role in a feature film was in the 1958 premiere thriller "Hong Kong Confidential".

Between 1956 and 1961 she also co-operated in various television series; Including the episode " When Mr. Twilight Died" (original title: "Vengeance") of the Western series "Bonanza". Her last appearance in front of the camera was in a Thanksgiving themed episode of the TV series "Hazel".

In the context of her marriage to Jim Jordan Jr. on May 6, 1962, she completed her career as a film actor and later appeared only on stage at supper clubs and playhouses in Reno, Nevada throughout the 1980s.

Tyler died on 23 November 2005 at the age of 78 years following a lung embolism and was laid to rest in Our Mother of Sorrows Cemetery in Reno, PA.Resting Places: The Burial Sites of More Than 14,000 Famous Persons, 3d ed.



Adinath Temple

Adinath temple may refer to:


Irving A. Fradkin

Irving A. Fradkin (March 28, 1921 – November 19, 2016) was an optometrist and founder and president emeritus of Scholarship America.

Fradkin has been called the "Johnny Appleseed" of college scholarships due to his leadership in scholarship access; his work has received national media coverage and government support.

Sharon Jones

Sharon Lafaye Jones (May 4, 1956 – November 18, 2016) was an American soul and funk singer. She was the lead singer of Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings, a soul and funk band based in Brooklyn, New York. 

Jones died on November 18, 2016 in Cooperstown, New York of complications from pancreatic cancer, aged 60.

António Guterres

António Manuel de Oliveira Guterres, (; born 30 April 1949) is a Portuguese politician and diplomat. He became the Secretary-General of the United Nations in 2017. Guterres was Prime Minister of Portugal from 1995 to 2002, as leader of the Socialist Party. He also served as President of the Socialist International from 1999 to 2005.

He was the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees from June 2005 to December 2015, and in October 2016 the United Nations General Assembly elected him by acclamation to become the next United Nations secretary-general. He replaced Ban Ki-moon.

Guterres was born and raised in Lisbon, Portugal. He studied Physics and Electrical Engineering at Instituto Superior Técnico in Lisbon. He graduated in 1971.

He was Assistant Professor teaching Systems Theory and Telecommunications Signals, before leaving academic life to start a political career.

Guterres' political career began in 1974. He became a member of the Socialist Party. He served as the Head of Office of the Secretary of State of Industry (1974 and 1975), Deputy for Castelo Branco in the Portuguese National Parliament (1976–1995) and Leader of the parliamentary bench of the Socialist Party, succeeding Jorge Sampaio (1988).

The Socialist Party won the 1995 parliamentary election. President Mario Soares appointed Guterres as prime minister and his Cabinet took the oath of office on 28 October that year.

Guterres was a popular prime minister in the first years of his office. Portugal had a strong economic expansion which allowed the Socialists to reduce budget deficits while increasing welfare spending and creating new conditional cash transfer programs. Guterres was against homosexuality during his term as Prime Minister. He supported United Nations intervention in East Timor in 1999.

After the 1999 parliamentary election, Guterres was re-appointed for the office and from January to July 2000. This second term in government was not as successful. The Hintze Ribeiro Bridge disaster damaged his authority and popularity. In October 2000, the Parliament approved the decriminalization of drug use (effective from 1 July 2001) and in March 2001, same-sex marriage were legalized.

In December 2001, Guterres resigned to "prevent the country from falling into a political swamp".

Guterres was elected President of Socialist International in November 1999. He remained President of the Socialist International until June 2005.

As High Commissioner, Guterres had more than 10,000 staff working in 126 countries providing protection and helping over 60 million refugees, returnees, internally displaced people and stateless persons.

His time in office was known by a huge organizational reform, cutting staff and administrative costs in the UNHCR's Geneva head office and expanding UNHCR's emergency response capacity during the worst displacement crisis since the World War II.

Guterres appointed American actress Angelina Jolie as his Special Envoy to represent UNHCR and himself at the diplomatic level in 2012.

In early 2015, the General Assembly voted to extend Guterres' mandate by 6½ months to 31 December, on recommendation of United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. Guterres left office on 31 December 2015.

Guterres became United Nations Secretary-General on 1 January 2017, following his formal election by the UN General Assembly on 13 October 2016.

During his first year, Guterres made world peace a first priority. In June 2017, he criticized the Trump administration and said the United States would be replaced from the United Nations if they do not take action on any international issues. Guterres criticized the intervention of Yemen and said a war from this would be "stupid".

In 2018, he called Syria a "living hell" in response to the Bashar al-Assad regime. He praised Trump and Kim Jong-un's summit and called it a "crucial milestone" for nuclear disarmament. In August 2018, Guterres wanted an independent investigation into a Saudi Arabian air strike in Yemen that killed 51 people.

In 1972, Guterres married Luísa Amélia Guimarães e Melo. They had had two children. She died at a London hospital from cancer in 1998.

In 2001, he married his second wife Catarina Marques de Almeida Vaz Pinto.


Christos Sartzetakis

Christos Sartzetakis (; 6 April 1929 – 3 February 2022) was a Greek jurist and former supreme justice of the Court of Cassation. He was the President of the Third Hellenic Republic from 1985 to 1990. 

He was born in Neapoli, Thessaloniki in 1929.

Sartzetakis died at an Athens hospital on 3 February 2022 from acute respiratory failure, aged 92.


Michael Flynn

Michael Thomas "Mike" Flynn (born December 1958) is a retired United States Army lieutenant general. On January 20, 2017, Flynn became the 25th United States National Security Advisor. He resigned on February 13, 2017. He last served as the 18th Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, from July 22, 2012 to August 7, 2014.

On November 18, 2016, Flynn accepted president-elect Donald Trump's offer of the position of National Security Advisor.

"The Wall Street Journal" reported on January 22, 2017, that Flynn was under investigation by U.S. counterintelligence agents for his communications with Russian officials. On February 13, 2017, Flynn resigned the position of National Security Advisor.

On December 1, 2017, it was reported that Flynn had accepted a deal with Special Counsel Robert Mueller to plead guilty to a single count, that of "willfully and knowingly" making "false, fictitious and fraudulent statements" to the FBI, a felony.

On July 4, 2020, Flynn announced his support and belief in the pro-Trump QAnon conspiracy theory.

On November 25, 2020, Flynn was issued a presidential pardon by President Trump. 

After Trump lost his re-election in 2020, Flynn wanted Trump to suspend the United States Constitution, force martial law, silence the press, and hold a new election under military supervision as an attempt to overturn the election results.

Steve Bannon

Stephen Kevin 'Steve' Bannon (born November 27, 1953) is an American campaign manager, businessman and media executive and former Counselor and Senior Adviser to Donald Trump.

He became chief executive officer of the 2016 presidential campaign of Donald Trump in August 2016. He was later hired as his chief strategist and Senior Counselor. President Trump signed an executive order giving Bannon a seat on the United States National Security Council. He was removed from the National Security Council on April 5, 2017.

Bannon resigned on August 4, 2017, but his resignation became in effect on August 18, 2017 during the aftermath of the Unite the Right rally.

In August 2020, Bannon was arrested in New York and indicted for fraud in connection with an online fundraising scheme.

In November 2020, Bannon's Twitter account was permanently suspended after he said that Anthony Fauci and FBI Director Christopher Wray should be beheaded. Bannon was held in contempt of Congress in October 2021 after ignoring a subpoena by the House of Representatives committee investigating the 2021 United States Capitol attack. He was indicted by a federal grand jury on November 12, 2021. He turned himself in to the FBI later that month.

Joe Kennedy III

Joseph Patrick "Joe" Kennedy III (born October 4, 1980) is an American lawyer, politician, and a member of the Kennedy family. He was the U.S. Representative for from 2013 to 2021. In 2022, he became the United States Special Envoy for Northern Ireland. He is a Democrat whose district stretches from the western suburbs of Boston to the state's South Coast.

He is the son of former U.S. Representative Joseph P. Kennedy II and grandson of Robert F. Kennedy and Ethel Skakel Kennedy. He worked as a Peace Corps volunteer and as an assistant district attorney in the Cape and Islands and Middlesex offices before his election to Congress.

On January 30, 2018, Kennedy delivered the Democratic response to President Trump's State of the Union address.

On September 21, 2019, Kennedy announced his plans to run against Ed Markey in the 2020 Massachusetts United States Senate race. He lost the primary to Markey on September 1, 2020, making him the first Kennedy family member to lose an election in Massachusetts.

In December 2022, Kennedy was named the United States Special Envoy to Northern Ireland for Economic Affairs by President Joe Biden.

Adam Kokesh

Adam Charles Kokesh (born February 1, 1982 in San Francisco, California) is an American political activist. He is a decorated veteran of the War in Iraq, Kokesh came to disparage war and advocate nonviolent resistance to power. He is a member of the Libertarian Party. He has called for a "new American revolution" for the "orderly dissolution of the federal government." He was raised in Santa Fe, New Mexico. He now lives in Arizona.

Kokesh announced that he would run for President of the United States under the Libertarian Party ticket in the 2020 United States presidential election.


Black Awareness Day

In Brazil, Black Awareness Day or Black Consciousness Day () is held every year on November 20. It is a day "to celebrate a regained awareness by the black community about their great worth and things they have done for the country". The date is an official public holiday in five Brazilian states.

Black Awareness Day has been celebrated since the 1960s. It has become bigger in the last few years. First, it was celebrated on May 13 (the date of abolition of slavery in Brazil). It was later moved to November 20 to honour Zumbi's death, and is sometimes called Zumbi Day.

Members of the organization "Black Movement" (the largest of its kind in Brazil) organize educational and fun events involving mainly children of African parents. These events wants to get rid of the fact that many people see Afro-Americans as less important. Other "hot topics" in the Black community during the Day of Black Awareness are the working together of African-Brazilian workers with Caucasian-Brazilian and other workers, ethnic identity, and black pride.

The "Day of the Caboclo" ("Dia do Caboclo") is held on June 24. It celebrates the contributions and identity of the original caboclos and their children. This date is an official public holiday in the State of Amazonas.

"Mixed Race Day" ("Dia do Mestiço") is held on June 27, three days after the Day of the Caboclo. It celebrates all mixed-race Brazilians, including the caboclos. The date is an official public holiday in three Brazilian states.

"Indian Day" ("Dia do Índio") is held on April 19. It recognizes and honours the indigenous peoples of Brazil.


Pukhrayan train derailment

The Pukhrayan train derailment was an accident that happened on 20 November 2016 in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The Indore-Rajendra Nagar express derailed in the place of Pukhrayan, Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh.It has resulted in 140 deaths and 200+ injuries.
The Indore-Rajendra Nagar Express is a passenger train between the Indore Junction and Rajendra Nagar Terminal. On 20 November 2016 at the time 3:00 the train derailed in the place of Pukhrayan, a town in Uttar Pradesh.

After the derailment about 142 passengers travelled in the train were reported dead and 200+ passengers were injured. It has been reported as one of the deadliest derailments after the 2010 Jnaneshwari Express derailment.


Mount Selinda

Mount Selinda is a village and mission station in the province of Manicaland in the eastern mountains of Zimbabwe. Its altitude is 1,100 meters.

Mount Selinda is on the very edge of the Chirinda Forest Botanical Reserve – the southernmost tropical rainforest in Africa. It is at the southern end of the Eastern Highlands mountain range which separates Zimbabwe from neighboring Mozambique. The Indian Ocean is about 400 kilometers away.

The Mount Selinda area is home to a variety of indigenous African flora, fungi, birds, butterflies, insects and reptiles. This is mainly due to being near the Chirinda Forest Botanical Reserve, which is protected by law.

Among the hundreds of indigenous trees found in Mount Selinda are: Red mahogany, Brown mahogany, Natal mahogany, Albizia, White stinkwood, Chirinda stinkwood, Ironwood and colossal specimens of strangling figs. The largest Red Mahogany tree in southern Africa stands at Mount Selinda.

Other smaller flora include thousands of specimens of the yucca-like "Dracaena fragrans", numerous ferns, creepers, vines, epiphytes, montbretia, orchids and flame lilies.

Mount Selinda boasts a dazzling array of bird life, with Trumpeter hornbills, Livingstone's turaco, African pygmy kingfishers, Firefinches, Sunbirds, African green pigeons, Owls, Nightjars, Eagles and Bee-eaters.

The reptile population includes pythons, cobras, vipers, mambas, adders, chameleons, geckos, skinks and lizards. The endemic Marshall's pygmy chameleon, "Rhampholeon marshalli", is found within the forest and at the forest margin.

The variety and brilliant colors of butterflies in the area is also noteworthy.

Avocadoes, tea, bananas, sweet potatoes, taro, citrus, pineapples, sugarcane, coffee, macadamia nuts are grown in the area. There are also commercial timbers such as eucalyptus, wattle and pine. Dairy farming is also a part of the agriculture.

Afrocarpus falcatus

Afrocarpus falcatus is a tree in the family Podocarpaceae. Common terms include common yellowwood, bastard yellowwood, outeniqua yellowwood, African fern pine, and weeping yew.

The tree is native to the montane forests of southern Africa. It can be found in Malawi, Mozambique, South Africa, and Swaziland. The tree is widespread in some areas and not considered threatened. In South Africa it is a protected tree in South Africa.

This is an evergreen conifer. It often grows up to about 45 meters tall, but is known to reach 60 m. The trunk can be 2 to 3 m wide, and is gray-brown to reddish. The leaves are arranged in spirals on the branches. They are small and narrow, up to 4.5 cm long by about 6 mm wide.

Female trees bear their fruit only every few years. The main agents of seed dispersal are fruit bats. They eat the fleshy covering but discard the hard, woody seed. 

Many birds feed on the fruits, such as hornbills, Cape parrot, purple-crested turaco, Knysna turaco, Ross's turaco, African olive pigeon, African green pigeon, and eastern bronze-naped pigeon. Colobus monkeys, bushpigs and rodents also feed on the fruits.

Latin rock

Latin rock is a term to describe a music subgenre. It has traditional sounds and elements of Latin American and Caribbean folk music merged with with rock music. However, it is widely used in the English-language media to refer any kind of rock music featuring Spanish or Portuguese vocals.

The archaetypal latin rock band was led by Carlos Santana. His band "Santana" was far and away the most popular latin rock fusion of the late 1960s to the early 2000s. "Santana" has sold more than 90 million records worldwide, making them one of the world's best-selling groups of all time.

In 1969, after the release of the debut album by "Santana", Latin rock appeared in the US and other parts of the world. The band's musical style is a fusion of Latin American and Caribbean rhythms, soul, jazz, funk, blues, psychedelia and rhythm and blues based on rock music.

Equally important to their success was the use of English lyrics. In the United States of fifty years ago, to sing in Spanish was to limit the audience to Puerto Rican, Mexican and Cuban immigrants. To sing in English was to open up the chance of really wide popularity.

New York City Hall

New York City Hall is located at the center of City Hall Park in the Civic Center area of Lower Manhattan. The building is the oldest city hall in the United States that still houses its original governmental functions. It has the office of the Mayor of New York City and the chambers of the New York City Council. While the Mayor's Office is in the building, the staff of thirteen municipal agencies under mayoral control are located in the nearby Manhattan Municipal Building.

It was built from 1810 to 1812. The New York City Hall is a National Historic Landmark. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Both the outside (1966) and the inside of the building (1976) are designated New York City landmarks.

Gateway drug theory

Gateway drug theory is the idea that once a person uses one illegal drug, they are more likely to use other drugs. It is also called stepping-stone theory, escalation hypothesis, or progression hypothesis.

If the gateway theory is true, people who use one drug may be more likely to use other drugs because:

The gateway theory helps shape education and lawmaking about drugs. Scientific study of the possible causes of the gateway theory is important for health policy.

Kavaratti

Kavaratti is a town and is the capital of Lakshadweep in India. It is also the name for the atoll on which the town stands. It is well known for its sandy beaches and calm lagoons. This makes it a popular tourist destination.

Jnaneswari Express train derailment

The Jnaneshwari Express derailed on 28 May 2010 in West Midnapore district, West Bengal. It is believed that the track was bombed or sabotaged, damaging it.

At that time The Communist Party of India (Maoist) arranged a four-day bandh in that area. State police said that the track of length about 46 cm was removed by the Maoist-Naxalites. At 1:30pm Jnaneshwari Super Deluxe Express train with 13 carriages which was travelling from Howrah to Mumbai derailed.

At least 148 people were killed and over 200 others were injured. Compensation was announced Rs.5Lakhs for the family of the people who were killed.

2004 Sri Lanka tsunami train wreck

The 2004 Sri Lanka tsunami train wreck was the largest single rail disaster in history (by death toll). It was caused by the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami.

Train #50, the "Matara Express," also known as the "Queen of the Sea" line, was a regular train between the Sri Lankan capital Colombo and Matara. The train, overcrowded with 1800+ passengers, left Colombo on 26 December 2004.

At 9:30 am in the village of Peraliya gigantic waves arrived at the beach. The first wave flooded the carriages and caused panic among the passengers. The next wave arrived after 10 minutes. It was huge and washed away the train and smashed it against trees and houses which were nearby.

The huge waves of tsunami destroyed the train and only 150 passengers out of more than 1800 survived. About 1700 were reported dead, even though only 900 bodies were recovered. The Sri Lankan authorities did not know where the train was washed to. After 4 pm, Prime Minister Mahinda Rajapaksa's helicopter identified it. Even though there were rescue operations not more than 150 people survived and the village was also washed away by the waves.

Charlottetown Conference

The Charlottetown Conference was a conference about the Canadian Confederation. The representatives of the unions in British North America were present at the conference. The meeting took place in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island from September 1st to September 9th 1864.

The purpose of the conference was to discuss the future of the maritime provinces in what later became Canada. The maritime provinces were Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland.

National Anthem of Saudi Arabia

The national anthem of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (), which can be known by its incipit "Hasten!" (), was first adopted in 1950. A few years before, this song was a present given by the Fâruq of Egypt to King Abdulaziz when he visited Egypt. It was composed by Abdol-Raħman al-Xaṭib, which was then rearranged by Serâġ Omar. Later in 1984, ‘Ebrâhim Xafâġi wrote the lyrics to the song; in the same year, the anthem was officially readopted with the lyrics.

Agave nectar

Agave nectar (also called agave syrup) is a sweetener produced from several species of agave, including blue agave ("Agave tequilana)". Agave syrup is sweeter than honey and tends to be less viscous. Most agave syrup comes from Mexico and South Africa.

Chuvash language

Chuvash (, "Čăvašla"; ) is a Turkic language. It is spoken in Chuvashia, a part of central Russia. It is the only language from the Oghur branch of the Turkic languages that is still spoken today. Though many Turkic languages can be understood by different speakers, Chuvash is quite different.

Chuvash is written using the Cyrillic script. Its alphabet has all of the letters of the Russian alphabet and adds four letters of its own: Ӑ, Ӗ, Ҫ and Ӳ.


Playback singer

A playback singer is a singer whose singing is pre-recorded for use in movies. Playback singers record songs for soundtracks. The actors or actresses lip-sync the songs for cameras. The actual singer does not appear on screen.

South Asian movies produced in the Indian subcontinent are particularly known for using this technique. A majority of Indian movies as well as Pakistani movies typically include six or seven songs. Popular playback singers in India enjoy the same status as popular actors. Most of the playback singers are initially trained in classical music. Mohammed Rafi and Ahmed Rushdi are regarded as two of the most influential playback singers in South Asia.

AQ

AQ, Aq, aQ, or aq may refer to:


Tuvalu mo te Atua

"Tuvalu mo te Atua" (; "Tuvalu for the Almighty") is the national anthem of Tuvalu. The words and music are by Afaese Manoa.

Bihar train derailment

On June 6, 1981, a train crashed in Bihar, India. It was carrying more than 800 passengers, traveling between Mansi railway station and Saharsa railway station. It derailed and fell into the River Bagmati while it was crossing the bridge over the river. 

Five days after the accident only 200 out of 800 passengers had been recovered as dead bodies with hundreds more people missing. The missing passengers were thought to have been washed away by the River Bagmati. Total deaths were listed as 500-800. This derailment stands in 4th place in the worst railway accidents by death toll in the world.

Many reasons were given for this railway derailment accident. They were:

Snitch

Snitch may refer to:



Firozabad rail disaster

Firozabad rail disaster is the second most worst rail accident in India after the Bihar train derailment. It occurred on 20 August 1995 near Firozabad, Uttar Pradesh, India.

The crash happened at 02:55 when a passenger train named Kalindi Express from Kanpur Railway station collided with Purushottam Express from Puri. At first the Kalindi Express from Kanpur Railway station struck a cow but was unable to proceed further as its brakes were damaged. Next the Purushottam Express from Puri struck the Kalindi Express behind with a speed of 70 kph. 

The last three carriages of the Kalindi Express and two carriages along with the engine of Purushottam Express were destroyed. About 358 passengers were killed. 

Gordon Welchman

William Gordon Welchman (15 June 1906, Bristol – 8 October 1985, Newburyport, Massachusetts) was a Second World War codebreaker at Bletchley Park. He was a British mathematician, university professor, and author.

After the war he moved to the US, and later took American citizenship.

Welchman was one of four early recruits to Bletchley park (the others being Alan Turing, Hugh Alexander and Stuart Milner-Barry). They were also the four signatories to the letter to Winston Churchill in October 1941, asking for more resources for the code-breaking work at Bletchley Park. Churchill responded with one of his 'Action This Day' written comments.

Welchman's main work at Bletchley was "traffic analysis" of encrypted German communications. This is, first, looking for an increase in signals. Major events in warfare are signalled in advance by a huge increase in messages. Second, there are standardized parts of a message, such as message origination, message destination, time/date information, and so on. These are much easier to decipher than the actual message content. Welchman developed this approach. Today we describe this as "metadata" analysis.

Welchman helped improve Alan Turing's design of the Polish electromechanical Enigma-cipher-breaking machine, the bombe. Welchman's 'diagonal board', made the device much more efficient in the attack on the ciphers of the German Enigma machine. Bombes became the main mechanical aid in breaking Enigma ciphers during the war. They speeded up the search for current wheel order settings being used with the Enigma machines. The settings were changed often, initially at least once per day.

Welchman was initially head of Hut Six, the section at Bletchley Park responsible for breaking German Army and Air Force Enigma ciphers. During his time at Bletchley, Welchman opposed engineer Tommy Flowers' efforts on the Colossus computer (the world's first programmable electronic computer) because Colossus used vacuum tubes.

In 1943, he became Assistant Director in charge of mechanisation and also had responsibility for cryptographic liaison with the US.

Welchman moved to the United States in 1948 where he taught the first computer course at MIT in the United States. He followed this by employment with Remington Rand and Ferranti. Welchman became a naturalised American citizen in 1962. In that year, he joined the MITRE Corporation, working on secure communications systems for the US military. He retired in 1971 but was retained as a consultant.

In 1982 his book "The Hut Six Story" was published, initially by McGraw-Hill in the US and by Allen Lane in Britain. The British Secret Service objected, and so did the National Security Agency. The book was not banned but Welchman lost his security clearance (and therefore his consultancy with MITRE). He was forbidden to discuss with the media either the book or his wartime work.

Welchman died in 1985; his final conclusions and corrections to the story of wartime code breaking were published posthumously in 1986 in the paper 'From Polish Bomba to British Bombe: the birth of Ultra' in "Intelligence & National Security", Vol 1, No l. The entire paper was included in the revised edition of "The Hut Six Story" published in 1997 by M & M Baldwin.

Accession

Accession is the attainment or acquisition of a position of rank or power, typically that of monarch or president. Eg."the queen's accession to the throne". 

Accession day is a celebration. It is usually the anniversary of when a monarch takes office. The earliest record of accession celebrations are from the reign of Queen Elizabeth I of England.

Accession is not the same as coronation or inauguration. Coronation and inauguration are both ceremonies which take place after the accession.

Charkhi Dadri mid-air collision

Charkhi Dadri mid-air collision occurred on 12 November 1996 over the village of Charkhi Dadri in Haryana, India. The collision happened between Saudi Arabian Airlines Boeing 747-100B from Delhi to Dhahran(Saudi Arabia) and Kazakhstan Airlines Illyushin II-76 from Chimkent, Kazakhstan to Delhi. The collision caused 349 fatalities and 0 survivors. 
SVA763 (Saudi Arabian Airlines Boeing 747-100B) departed from Delhi International Airport to Dhahran at 18:35. KZA1907 (Kazakhstan Airlines Illyushin II-76) was descending to Delhi airport at the same time. Both flights were controlled by VK Dutta. KZA1907 was cleared to descend 15,000 feet altitude, whereas SVA763 was cleared to climb to 14,000feet. After 8 min, KZA1907 reported that they reached 15000 ft altitude, but they were descending to 14,500 ft at that time and were continuing the descent.
Not noticing it, soon the KZA1907's tail cut through SVA763's left wing. SVA763 lost control and hit the ground at 1135 kmph. The Ilyushin remained structurally intact as it went in a steady but fast and uncontrolled descent until it crashed in a field. In the end, all 312 people on board SVA763 and all 37 people on KZA1907 were killed.
The collision took place about west of Delhi. The wreckage of the Saudi aircraft crashed near Dhani village, Bhiwani District, Haryana. The wreckage of the Kazakh aircraft hit the ground near Birohar village, Rohtak District, Haryana.

The crash was investigated by the Lahoti Commission, headed by then-Delhi High Court judge Ramesh Chandra Lahoti. The flight data recorders were decoded by Kazakhstan Airlines and Saudi Airlines under the supervision of air crash investigators in Moscow and Farnborough, England, respectively.
The commission determined that the accident had been the fault of the Kazakh Il-76 commander, who had descended from the assigned altitude of and subsequently and even lower. The report says that the cause of this serious problem in operating procedure was due to the lack of English language skills on the part of the Kazakh aircraft pilots; they were dependent entirely on their radio operator for communications with the ATC.

Just a few seconds from impact, the Kazakh plane climbed slightly and the two planes collided. This was because the radio operator of Kazakhstan 1907 discovered only then that they were not at 15,000 feet and asked the pilot to climb.The tail of the Kazakh plane clipped the left wing of the Saudi jet, severing both parts from their respective planes.

The disaster was again the subject of an episode in the documentary series "Mayday (TV series)" on 2 March 2009 entitled "Sight Unseen", in a wide-screen format with sophisticated computer animations on National Geographic Channel.

Church of the Company Fire

Church of the Company Fire is the largest fire accident ever by death toll in the world. It occurred on 1863 December 8 in Santiago, Chile. About 2000 to 3000 people are said to have been killed in the fire accident.

Church of the Company of Jesus was a Jesuit church located in Santiago, Chile.The day of the fire was the celebration of the Feast of the Immaculate Conception. The fire started at 7 P.M. when an oil lamp had ignited the place and it caught fire. About 2000-3000 people inside the church got roasted.

The cleanup of the bodies took about ten days, and since most of the bodies were burned beyond recognition, they were placed in a mass grave at the Cementerio General de Santiago. A Santiago newspaper printed the names of over 2,000 known victims, and the same paper also printed a list of the objects saved by the priests and their value, which led to public outcry against the priests who had saved valuable objects but not people.

The tragedy, and the fact that one of the contributing factors was the lack of an organized fire-brigade, motivated José Luis Claro y Cruz to organize the first Volunteer Firemen's Corps in Santiago, on December 20 of the same year. Fire brigades in Chile, even today, are still made up only of unpaid volunteers. New fire regulations also resulted, and the tragedy contributed to the partial secularization of Chilean government over the next two decades.

1931 China floods

The 1931 China floods or the 1931 Yellow River Floods were a series of floods that occurred in China in the year 1931. It is the most deadly natural disaster by death toll. About 1,000,000-3.7 million people were said to be dead in this series of floods.

In the period of 1928-30 China faced a severe drought. Due to some abnormal weather conditions heavy snowstorms and heavy rainfall occurred in parts of central China. The water levels increased in the rivers. The rain grew heavier in July and August in 1931. China faced nine cyclones in July 1931 alone.

Chinese sources say 1,000,000 died due to the overflow of the Yangtze River. Western sources say a death toll of 3.7 million-4 million people. In July alone, four weather stations along the Yangtze River reported rain totaling over for the month.

The Yangtze and Huai River floods soon reached Nanjing, the capital of China at the time. The city, located on an island in a massive flood zone, suffered catastrophic damage. Millions died of drowning while some died due to starvation, from waterborne diseases such as cholera and typhus. The high-water mark was reached on 19 August at Hankou town in Wuhan, with the water level exceeding above normal. On the evening of 25 August 1931, the water rushing through the Grand Canal washed away dikes near Gaoyou Lake. Some 200,000 people drowned in their sleep in the resulting deluge.

Trans-Siberian Orchestra

The Trans-Siberian Orchestra is an American progressive rock group. They were founded around 1996. They became popular around 1999. This was when they began touring with their second studio album, "The Christmas Attic".

Both "Billboard Magazine" and "Pollstar" ranked them as one of the top ticket-selling groups in the first decade of the new millennium.

Great Chinese Famine

Great Chinese Famine was a great famine in China from 1958 to 1961. Drought, poor weather and some of the policies of the Communist Party of China were among the reasons of the three years of famine. This also further resulted in the Great Leap Forward movement.

According to the government's statistics the total death toll is 15 million people. Historian Frank Dikotter, having been granted special access to Chinese archival materials, estimates that there were at least 45 million premature deaths from 1958 to 1962, although far from all these deaths came about as a result of starvation.

Chinese journalist Yang Jisheng concluded there were 36 million deaths due to starvation, while another 40 million others failed to be born, so that "China's total population loss during the Great Famine then comes to 76 million.

The Great Chinese Famine was caused by a combination of adverse weather conditions, social pressure, economic mismanagement, and radical changes in agriculture imposed by government regulations.

Mao Zedong, chairman of the Chinese communist party, introduced drastic changes in farming which prohibited farm ownership. Failure to abide by the policies led to persecution. The social pressure imposed on the citizens in terms of farming and business, which the government controlled, led to state instability. Owing to the laws passed during the period and Great Leap Forward during 1958–1962, according to government statistics, about 36 million people died in this period.

Confederate States Navy

The Navy of the Confederate States (CSN) was the Navy of the Confederate States of America. After the Confederacy established itself in 1861, the elected president, Jefferson Davis appointed Stephen Mallory as his Secretary of the Confederate Navy. At the time the South had no ships capable of challenging the United States Navy's frigates. It did not have the shipbuilding capability or the raw materials necessary to build a navy. While they had limited resources, and did not have the firepower of the Union Navy, they developed a number of technologies. The Confederates developed naval mines, ironclad techniques and managed to sink a Union warship with a working submarine. 

The Republican Party, led by Abraham Lincoln, won the 1860 presidential election. Southerners were outraged by the election of Lincoln, who opposed slavery in territories and new states. After the election seven Southern states seceded and declared their independence from the Union. They formed the Confederate States of America, even before Lincoln became president on March 4, 1861. The outgoing U.S. president, James Buchanan, said this was against the law, but did nothing to stop them. Lincoln and his Republican party treated this secession as a rebellion.

Fighting started when the Confederates bombarded Fort Sumter, a Union Army fort. Lincoln called for 75,000 volunteers for a period of 90 days. He also set up a blockade of the Southern coast and ports. Lincoln had no more than 40 usable warships and needed to start building up his Navy. This was to prevent the South from exporting its cotton and importing the war materials they needed to wage war. The North also needed to develop a fleet of gunboats for a "brown-water navy". This was to support the Union Army in operations around major rivers like the Mississippi.

In 1861, Virginia joined the Confederate States of America. Fearing that the Confederacy would take control of the facility, the shipyard commander Charles Stewart McCauley ordered the burning of the shipyard. At the time it was called the Gosport Navy Yard. Despite conflicting orders from the Secretary of the Navy, the resignation of many of his officers, and most of his yard workers leaving, his remaining men began destroying the shipyard. Ships that could not leave on their own were burned. This included the Union warship "USS "Merrimack"". Finally the two men who were placing explosives to blow up the dry dock were captured before they could finish their work. The Confederates were able to repair Gosport and make it a working shipyard again.

The capture of the shipyard allowed a tremendous amount of war material to fall into Confederate hands. In all, 1,195 heavy guns were taken and used by the Confederacy. They were used in many areas from Hampton Roads all the way to Fort Donelson Tennessee. When they left the shipyard, the Union forces withdrew to Fort Monroe across Hampton Roads. This was the only land in the area which remained under Union control. 

In early 1862, the Confederate ironclad warship CSS "Virginia" was rebuilt using the burned-out hulk of the "USS Merimack". In the haste to abandon the shipyard, the "Merrimack" had only been destroyed above the waterline. The Confederates built an armored superstructure over the burned out hull. In March and April of 1862 the Confederate ironclad came close to upsetting the Union Navy's superiority. At Hampton Roads, the "Virginia" began sinking the blockading Union warships almost at will. The fleet was saved by the arrival of the Union ironclad "USS Monitor" which engaged the Virginia at the Battle of Hampton Roads. But after hours of fighting neither ship was able to defeat the other. Both ships left the fight claiming the victory. But the Confederates failed to break the blockade. When Norfolk fell in May 1862, the CSS "Virginia" was destroyed by its crew so it wouldn't be captured. The Confederate Navy had two more ironclads under construction. But before they could be completed the Union fleet captured the port and city of New Orleans where they were being built.

The Confederate Navy realized the Union Navy had more ships, guns and men they had with their limited resources. This called for a change in strategy. First, they would build forts to guard their key rivers and ports. They would build gunboats to assist this effort. Secondly, the South set up a fleet of naval vessels to attack Union merchant ships at sea. They also commissioned privateers to help with this effort.

This was not a new concept. The Americans had been successful using commerce raiding against British merchant ships during the American Revolutionary War. Outgunned by the Union Navy they realized building lighter and faster cruisers would allow them to outrun the larger warships and go after the slower and usually unarmed merchant ships. Because the South had little shipbuilding capacity, they had these ships built in Great Britain. This was technically illegal, since Great Britain was a neutral country. So these ships had to be built in secret.
Some the more successful and famous of the Confederate commerce raiders were:





The Confederacy also issued a Letter of marque to any private ship captain who wanted to make a profit raiding United States merchant vessels. At first the risk was low and they kept the ship and its cargo much the same as pirates did. The owner and crew divided up the large profits. They avoided doing battle with Union warships and were usually fast enough to outrun them.

There was only one problem with the scheme. In the Paris Declaration Respecting Maritime Law signed in 1865, privateering was outlawed. All privateers were considered pirates and were subject to the death penalty when they were captured. Even though the United States had not signed the agreement, President Lincoln declared Confederate privateers were pirates and pirates were subject to death. This didn't stop a number of enterprising Southerners from outfitting a ship and getting involved in piracy on the high seas. One of the first ships seized actually hurt the South. It was a cargo of fruit going to the port of New Orleans.

Soon the illegal privateers were taking cargo ships in the Gulf of Mexico and all up and down the East Coast of the United States. An early Union victory was the capture of the "CSS Savannah" which had just been out to sea two days. The crew quickly found themselves on trial for piracy. The Confederacy threatened to hang captured Northern seamen if the crew was executed. In the end, the Union court dropped the charges of piracy and held the crew as prisoners of war. The crew was later traded in a prisoner exchange.

A modern torpedo is a cigar-shaped, self-propelled, underwater explosive device designed to destroy another ship or submarine. During the Civil War, what was then called a torpedo would be best described as a naval mine.Confederate president Davis was opposed to their use. He thought they were cowardly weapons and it was unethical to use them against anyone. Despite Davis' objections, the Congress of the Confederate States passed a law authorizing rewards for anyone inventing new ways to blow up enemy vessels using submersibles and mines.

In St. Louis, Missouri Confederates were hiding explosives in the firewood used to fuel the boilers of Union steamships on the Mississippi and Missouri Rivers. In 1861, Matthew Fontaine Maury first used mines as a weapon against enemy ships. In Virginia, his "infernal machines" made the James River almost completely impassible. 

Another invention was the coal torpedo. Disguised to look like a lump of coal it exploded when shoveled into a boiler. Another invention was called the "horological torpedo". It had a timer that allowed a delay in the explosion. They also developed better fuses and more powerful explosives. 

Underwater mines were used by both sides. The Confederacy had more success. In 1862 Confederate mines sank the Union ironclad, the USS Cairo. The destroyed or damaged dozens more Union ships while Union torpedo mines sank only about six Confederate naval ships.

The Confederate secretary of war, James Seddon, decided to issue rules that "passenger vessels of citizens of the United States on the high seas and private property on the water and [on] railroads or within the territory of the United States … not be subject of operations." But he added, "The public property of the enemy may be destroyed wherever it may be found." Seddon hired up to 25 secret agents to place torpedoes and explosives wherever they could across the Confederacy.

Known as the "Singer Secret Service Corps" and Singer's Torpedo Company", they were a group of middle age Freemasons from a wide variety of backgrounds. They developed and used inventions such as torpedo boats, underwater mines and submarines during the last two years of the war. Some of these inventions had never been seen before while others were advancements on earlier designs. One of their main weapons was patented by Edgar C. Singer, the underwater contact mine. It contained of black powder. They used up to seven different types of mines, torpedos, torpedo boats, and submarines. 
They built the submersible "H. L. Hunley". This submarine destroyed the Union warship "USS Housatonic" by ramming it with a torpedo mounted on a pole. 

From their headquarters in the Spotswood Hotel in Richmond, Virginia, Singer and his agents set up secret workshops all over the South in coastal cities. During their two years of operations they blew up ships, trains, and railroad bridges killing a large number of people. Most of their missions were done at night close to Union patrol boats and sentries. Northern newspapers called Singer's inventions "infernal machines" and condemned their use as unchristian and assassinations of the worst kind. To cover up who they were and what they had done, their records were burned at the end of the war. They were constantly hunted as saboteurs and spies by Northern authorities. Admiral David Dixon Porter ordered that any of Singer's agents were caught with any of these inventions they were to be "shot on the spot". Names and descriptions of Singer's operatives were distributed by Union commanders. 

One group, under the notorious Henry Dillingham, was sent by Davis near the end of the war to occupied Kentucky and Missouri to destroy a key bridge and any federal transportation they could. They were known to use the "coal torpedos" and several sources say one was used to blow up the "Sultana" in April 1865. It was in the area Dillingham was operating in and it was ferrying ex-confederate prisoners of war at the time it was destroyed.



Joan Chen

Joan Chen (born April 26, 1961) is a Chinese-American actress, movie director and movie producer. She became famous for her performance in the Academy Award-winning 1987 movie "The Last Emperor". She also had a role in the 1990-1991 television series "Twin Peaks". Chen played Mrs. Yee in the 2007 award-winning erotic thriller "Lust, Caution".

Chen was born in Shanghai, China.

Sylvia Chang

Sylvia Chang (born 21 July 1953) is a Taiwanese movie director, actress, singer and producer. She began her career in the 1970s. She has acted in, directed and produced many movies.

Chang won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress. Her movies have been accepted into movie festivals.

She was born in Chiayi City, Taiwan.

Azerbaijanfilm

Azerbaijanfilm () is an Azerbaijani state movie studio. It is located in the capital city Baku. They mainly make movies and sometimes documentaries.

"Azerbaijanfilm" started in 1920 as a photo-cinema department at the Azerbaijan SSR People's Commissariat (Government Ministry). In 1923 it was renamed to "Azerbaijani Photo-Cinema Office" (AFKI). There were several name changes, including "Azdovletkino" (1926–1930), "Azkino" (1930–1933), "Azfilm" (1933), "Azdovletkinosenaye" (1934), "Azerfilm" (1935–1940), and "Baku Cinema Studio" (1941–1959). In 1960 it became "Azerbaijanfilm" cinema studio named after Jafar Jabbarly.

Currently, "Azerbaijanfilm" is a part of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism of Azerbaijan.




Cognitive impairment

Cognitive impairment (also called cognitive deficit) is a condition in which mental functioning is not good. The term "cognitive impairment" may mean problems with intelligence, like intellectual disability (also called "mental deficiency"). It may also mean specific problems, such as learning disability, slow learning or dyslexia.

Cognitive impairment may be congenital or caused by environmental problems, such as brain injuries, neurological disorders or mental illness.

Borderline intelligence

Borderline intelligence (also called borderline intellectual functioning or borderline mental disability) is a category of intelligence in which a person has lower than normal mental ability. IQ levels are between 70 and 85. It is not as bad as intellectual disability (IQ 69 and under).

In school years, people with borderline intelligence are known as "slow learners".


X.509

In cryptography, X.509 is a common "PKI" (public key infrastructure) used to manage digital certificates and public-key encryption and a key part of the Transport Layer Security protocol used to secure web and email communication. X.509 specifies ways in which public key certificates, certificate revocation lists, attribute certificates, and a certification path validation algorithms are formatted.

2016 United States presidential election in Texas

The 2016 United States presidential election in Texas was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

On 1 March 2016, the state also voted for who they wanted to be the nominee of their respective parties.

Texas has not voted for the Republican candidate since the 1980 election. Below is a list of predictions from credible news organizations:

The Democratic caucus occurred on 26 March 2016.

The Republican caucus occurred on 1 March 2016.



Profilage

Profilage is a French crime drama TV series. It was developed in 2009 by Fanny Robert and Sophie Lebarbier along with TF1.

The series focuses on Chloé Saint-Laurent ("Odile Vuillemin"), a criminologist who works at police department in Paris. To solve crimes she uses her own experiences and intelligence.


Vegas Golden Knights

The Vegas Golden Knights are a professional ice hockey team based in the Las Vegas metropolitan area and are owned by Bill Foley. The team started play in the 2017–18 NHL season as a member of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League (NHL). In their very first season, they reached the Stanley Cup Finals where they lost to the Washington Capitals in five games, and five years later, they won their first Stanley Cup over the Florida Panthers in five games. This accomplishment was predicted by owner Bill Foley before the team had even been named.

After a successful vote on June 22, 2016, Las Vegas was officially approved to get an expansion team. They were allowed to begin playing in the 2017-2018 season. George McPhee was announced as the first general manager of the team. On November 22, 2016, it was revealed that the team name would be the Vegas Golden Knights. After the team paid their expansion fees on March 1, 2017, the Vegas Golden Knights were officially able to start operating. Gerard Gallant was announced as the teams first Head Coach on April 13, 2017.

On June 21, 2017, the Vegas Golden Knights participated in the 2017 NHL Expansion Draft at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. The Knights were able to select 1 player from each of the 30 teams in the NHL to join the Golden Knights. 

The Vegas Golden Knights played their first game on October 6th against the Dallas Stars. They won the game 2-1. The Golden Knights played their first home game at T-Mobile Arena on October 10, 2017 against the Arizona Coyotes. Before the game started, the team honoured the victims of the October 1 mass shooting that happened in Las Vegas just 9 days prior. The Golden Knights won the game 5-2. The Golden Knights had a very successful first season. The players on the Golden Knights played a lot better than people thought they would, so they got labelled as the "Golden Misfits". They won the Pacific Division with 109 points and made it to the playoffs.

The Golden Knights played against the LA Kings in the first round of the 2018 Stanley Cup Playoffs. The Golden Knights won the series 4-0. Golden Knights goalkeeper, Marc-Andre Fleury, had 2 shutouts and only let in 3 goals total during the 4 games. In the second round, the Golden Knights played against the San Jose Sharks. Fleury had another 2 shutouts and the Knights won the series after 6 games. The Golden Knights then played against the Winnipeg Jets in the Western Conference Finals. After losing game 1, the Golden Knights won 4 games in a row to beat the Jets.

The Golden Knights became the third team to ever make it to the Stanley Cup Finals in their first year. The only other teams to do it were the Toronto Arenas in 1918 and the St. Louis Blues in 1968. The Golden Knights ended up losing to the Washington Capitals in 5 games. 

During the off season, the Golden Knights fired head coach Pete DeBoer and hired Bruce Cassidy to take over. It was also announced that starting goaltender Robin Lehner would not be playing for the 2022-2023 season due to surgery. This led to the Golden Knights getting Adin Hill to be the backup goaltender to Logan Thompson (and eventually Laurent Brossoit). The Golden Knights had a very successful season despite injuries to Thompson, Hill, and Brossoit. Their captain, Mark Stone, also had injuries that forced him to sit out from mid January until April 18th. The Golden Knights finished the 2022-2023 season with a franchise record 111 points. They were first in the Western Conference and qualified for the Stanley Cup Playoffs for the 5th time in team history. 

In the first round of the Playoffs, the Golden Knights played against the Winnipeg Jets. After losing the first game in the series, the Golden Knights won 4 games in a row to win the series 4-1. With the Golden Knights moving on to the second round, they played against the Edmonton Oilers. During game 3 of the series, Brossoit – who was the Golden Knights starting goaltender at the time – got injured in the first period and Hill had to take over. Despite losing their starting goalie, the Golden Knights won the series in six games. The Western Conference Finals match up featured the Golden Knights vs. the Dallas Stars. The Golden Knights had a very strong start to the series, winning the first 3 games in a row. In the end, the Golden Knights won the series 4-2 to move on to the Stanley Cup Finals against the Florida Panthers.

On June 13, 2023, after a big 9-3 victory in game 5 of the finals, the Golden Knights won their first Stanley Cup just 6 seasons after the team was created. They defeated the Florida Panthers 4 games to 1. The Golden Knights are the fastest expansion team in the NHL to win the Stanley Cup, beating the last record of 7 years set by the Philadelphia Flyers in 1974.


Salgesch

Salgesch () is a municipality in the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Turtmann

Turtmann was a municipality of the district Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Turtmann and Unterems merged into the new municipality of Turtmann-Unterems.


Janjaweed

The Janjaweed are a militia that operate in Western Sudan and Eastern Chad. They are one of the main players in the Darfur conflict.

Unterems

Unterems (Walliser German: "Unneräms") was a municipality of the district Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Unterems and Turtmann merged into the new municipality of Turtmann-Unterems.


Turtmann-Unterems

Turtmann-Unterems is a municipality of the district Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Turtmann and Unterems merged into the new municipality of Turtmann-Unterems.


Varen, Switzerland

Varen (Walliser German: "Faru"; ) is a municipality in Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It is known as the birthplace of skier Brigitte Albrecht-Loretan.


Bovernier

Bovernier is a municipality of the district Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Septic shock

Septic shock is a medical condition which can result from sepsis. Sepsis is a special form of infection. With septic shock, the circulation of blood changes or stops. This makes septic shock a medical emergency, which is usually treated in intensive care. Between a quarter and half the people with the condition die.

Treatment is usually done in the following steps:

Caucasian

Caucasian might refer to:

Evan McMullin

David Evan McMullin (born on April 2, 1976) is a former CIA operations officer and independent presidential candidate. He ran for office as an independent in the 2016 United States presidential election. He calls himself a conservative alternative to the main presidential candidates. McMullin did not win any states in the election, but he performed well in Utah, where he got 20% of the popular vote.

McMullin was born on 2 April 1976 in Provo, Utah, to David McMullin and Lanie Bullard. At a young age, his family moved to a rural area outside of Seattle, Washington, where his father worked as a computer scientist and his mother sold bulk foods to neighbors from the family's garage.

He joined the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) after the September 11 attacks.

On 8 August 2016, McMullin announced that he would run as a candidate for President of the United States in the 2016 presidential election as an independent. He decided to run because he saw Donald Trump as being an unfit conservative candidate.

McMullin had the support of several anti-Trump Republican donors. McMullin's campaign was supported by some members of the "Never Trump" movement.

On 6 October, he named Mindy Finn to be his running mate.

His support in Utah mainly arrived after a 2005 audio recording in which Donald Trump was heard bragging in about making unwanted sexual advances on women.

After the 2016 campaign, McMullin became a strong critic of Trump and Putin. In a December 2016, op-ed, McMullin blasted Trump as a threat to American constitutional government, saying that the president-elect's actions were "consistent with the authoritarian playbook" and "undermined critical democratic norms including peaceful debate and transitions of power, commitment to truth, freedom from foreign interference and abstention from the use of executive power for political retribution."

To answer if there was any possibility of him running for Jason Chaffetz's seat in 2018, he said: "It is likely that I will seek public office again. That might be in 2018 or it might be sometime down the road, perhaps very far down the road. I genuinely just don't know yet. I'm very focused on things that I think need to be done ASAP and Mindy Finn and I, with our team at Stand Up Republic, advancing them now. It is possible that I will challenge Chaffetz or Senator Hatch, but there are a lot of factors that go into that decision." In the end, he did not run for either office.

On October 5, 2021, McMullin launched an independent campaign to unseat U.S. Senator Mike Lee in the 2022 election. He lost the election in November 2022.

Below is a table showing his performance in various states. He did not win any state, so subsequently, he did not win any electoral votes.

McMullin is against abortion. He also wants to overturn "Roe v. Wade". He said that we would want to reduce unintended pregnancies and promote adoption.

He believes in the "traditional marriage between a man and a woman," but "respects" the "Obergefell v. Hodges" decision (which allowed same-sex marriage nationwide) and wants to "move on" from the issue.

McMullin supports free trade, and believes that it has a lot of benefits. He supports NAFTA and the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership.

He also wants to reduce the corporate tax, individual income tax. and the estate tax.

He wants to cut some support of programs like Social Security, and raise the retirement age.

McMullin is one of the few conservatives in the United States who believes in climate change that is caused by humans. He said,"I do believe that the climate is changing, and I do believe that human activity is contributing to it. If I were president, I would increase investment in technologies that can help us limit and decrease our carbon emissions."

On immigration, McMullin supports more border security but not mass deportation.

McMullin supports the part of Obamacare that doesn't allow health insurance companies to deny coverage against people with preexisting conditions. However, he also said that "we also need to do better than ObamaCare."

McMullin admires foreign leaders like Benjamin Netanyahu and Shinzō Abe.

He believes that Donald Trump, the Republican candidate, has an "allegiance to Russian President Vladimir Putin." McMullin accused Putin of trying to destabilize European and North American countries "through fomenting discord between different racial groups, different ethnic groups and different religious groups."

McMullin supports keeping the Guantanamo Bay detention camp open and opposes the use of torture and has criticized Trump's support for it.


Bulgogi

Bulgogi is a Korean dish. It is usually made of grilled beef which has been soaked in sauce for a long time.

Bulgogi is believed to have come from Goguryeo, one of the three kingdoms of ancient Korea. It was called "Maekjeok" at first. In the Joseon dynasty, it was called "Neobiani" which means 'thinly spread'.

There are a lot of essential nutrients in bulgogi. In bulgogi, there are lots of lysine, which is an Essential amino acid. It help children's growth and development.

They

They is the third person plural pronoun in English, used to describe a subject. The object form is "them". "They" can be used for both people or objects. 

'They' can also be used for the singular third person if the gender of the person is unknown, or to purposely be ambiguous, or neither male nor female. Some people choose to use 'they' as their pronouns. Singular 'they' is conjugated the same way as the plural form, similar to the matching conjugations of the plural and singular 'you' in English. Singular 'they' is never used for objects, only people.

'They' can also be used to refer to a generic group of people, such as "In Britain, they celebrate Christmas in December".

Lençóis Maranhenses National Park

The Lençóis Maranhenses National Park (Parque Nacional dos Lençóis Maranhenses) is a national park in Maranhão, northeastern Brazil. 

It is an area with low, flat, occasionally flooded land, between large sand dunes. It is about . Despite abundant rain, it has almost no vegetation. 

With large, white, sweeping dunes, Lençóis Maranhenses looks like a typical desert, but in fact it is not one. Being just outside the Amazon Basin, the region gets a regular rainy season in first half of the year. When it rains, fresh water collects in the valleys between sand dunes. The water is prevented from sinking down by a layer of rock underneath the sand. This results in blue, green and black lagoons surrounded by the desert-like sand. The lagoons are at their fullest between July and September.

When the lagoons are full, they are interconnected to rivers such as the Rio Negro. From the river, large numbers of fish arrive. One species of fish, however, is resident. The wolf fish or tiger fish ("Hoplias malabaricus") stays dormant in the mud and moist areas after most of the water has evaporated, re-emerging during the next rainy season.

Military glider

Military gliders (a variation of the common glider) have been used by the military of various countries for carrying troops and heavy equipment into a war zone. They were used mainly during the Second World War. These aircraft with no engines were towed into the air and most of the way to their target by military transport planes. One of the most popular tow aircraft was the C-47 Skytrain or Dakota. They could also be towed by bombers. Military gliders do not soar. Once released from the tow craft near the front lines, they were to land on any convenient open terrain close to their target. 

They tried to landed with as little damage as possible to the cargo and crew as possible. But most landing zones (LZ) were far from ideal. The one-way nature of the missions meant that military gliders were treated as being disposable. This is why they were made from common and inexpensive materials such as wood. They were unarmored, fragile, aircraft with crude steering and no brakes. This is why a large number of them crashed on landing. Troops landing by glider were referred to as airborne infantry. Pilots called themselves "tow targets" while the soldiers referred to the gliders as "flying coffins." Casualties for some missions ran as high as 40%. 

Gilders had certain advantages, however. Paratroopers, soldiers landing by parachute, were usually spread over a large area. They could easily be separated from other paratroopers and from air-dropped equipment, such as vehicles and anti-tank guns. Gliders, on the other hand, could land troops and equipment precisely at the target landing area. Once released from the tow aircraft, military gliders were silent and difficult for the enemy to identify. Larger gliders were developed to land heavy equipment like anti-tank guns, anti-aircraft guns, small vehicles, such as jeeps, and also light tanks (e.g., the Tetrarch tank). This heavier equipment made glider forces much more capable. During World War II, the United States had about 6,000 trained glider pilots. Some were given a second chance to fly as glider pilots after failing to complete conventional aircraft training. The Soviets also experimented with ways to deliver light tanks by air, including the Antonov A-40, a gliding tank with detachable wings.

By the time of the Korean War, helicopters had largely replaced gliders. Helicopters have the advantage of being able to deliver and extract soldiers to and from the battlefield with more precision. Also, modern advances allow even light tanks to be dropped by parachute. Only special forces use gliders for silent, small-scale insertion today.

Freedom of Information Act 2000

The Freedom of Information Act 2000 was introduced by the British Government in the year 2000.

The Act creates a general right of access, on request, to information held by public authorities. That means any member of the public may demand that withheld information about them is released to them. 

About 120,000 requests are made each year. Private citizens made 60% of them, with businesses and journalists accounting for 20% and 10% respectively. The Act cost £35.5 million in 2005.

Although there are some groups which are exceptions to the Act, it covers over 19,000 authorities. 

Cannabis (drug)

Cannabis, also known as marijuana, weed, sativa, and indica (as well as other names) is a psychoactive drug from the "Cannabis" plant used for medical or recreational purposes. (in legalized states). The main psychoactive part of cannabis is tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), one of the 483 known compounds in the plant, including at least 65 other cannabinoids, which are chemicals only found in Cannabis. Cannabis can be used by smoking, vaporizing, within food, or as an extract.

Cannabis is mostly used recreationally or medically although like other psychoactive drugs it may also be used for spiritual purposes. In 2013, between 128 and 232 million people used cannabis (2.7% to 4.9% of the global population between the ages of 15 and 65). It is the most commonly used illegal drug in the world, though it is legal in some jurisdictions, with the highest use among adults () in Zambia, the United States, Canada, and Nigeria. Recently many states have begun to legalize cannabis for recreational use. Marijuana is becoming more widely used. 

Marijuana plants are grouped into 3 categories: Sativa, Indica, and Hybrid. A hybrid is a combination of Sativa and Indica. Sativa is an upper strand whilst indica is a downer. These 3 categories are then divided and categorized more into different strains. Strains are minor differences in how you feel when you use Cannabis. Some of the most famous and well-known strains of marijuana are: Acapulco Gold, Gelato, Grape Ape, White Widow, Purple Haze, Skunk and G13.

Draguignan

Draguignan () is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, in southeastern France.

It is a subprefecture of the department.

Draguignan became the prefecture of the Var in 1797, at the beginning of the French Revolution. This was even if the town was not the biggest city in the department. It remained as the prefecture until 1974 when it was moved to Toulon.

The city is at the foot of the Malmont mountain, in a valley that is about long, from northwest to southeast. The Nartuby, a tributary of the Argens river, flows to the west of the city.

Draguignan has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Draguignan is surrounded by the "communes" Saint-Rémy, Maleville, La Bastide-l'Évêque, Morlhon-le-Haut, Sanvensa, La Rouquette, Savignac and Toulonjac.

The climate of Draguignan, in the Köppen climate classification, is Csb - Mediterranean climate with template summers.

With a population in 2013 of 39,174, Draguignan has a population density is of inhabitants/km.

The inhabitants of Draguignan are known, in French, as "Dracenois" (women: "Dracenoises").

Draguignan is twinned with:



The Conquest of Malacca (epic poem)

The Conquest of Malacca ("Malaca conquistada") is an epic poem by Portuguese poet Francisco de Sá de Meneses.

"The Conquest of Malacca" is an epic poem. It was published in 1634. It is one of the more noted Portuguese poem of the 17th century.

Francisco de Sá de Meneses was a poet of Baroque. He was born about 1600 and died in 1664.

The poem is written in ottava rima (oitava-rima in Portuguese). In other words it is composed of stanzas of eight lines, rhymed abababcc. The same strophe was used earlier by Luís de Camões in "The Lusiads".

The poem by Francisco de Sá de Meneses tells about the batles of Malacca. The battle was fought in 1511. Portuguese forces, led by Afonso de Albuquerque, the governor of India, seized the city of Malacca. The city was a strong fortress. It controlled the strait of Malacca, which was the way to China.

The poem was translated into English by Edgar C. Knowlton, Jr. The book was published by University of Malaya Press in Kuala Lumpur in 1970.


Bielski partisans

The Bielski partisans were a group of Jewish partisans (an irregular military group) who fought against the Nazis during World War II. They rescued Jews from extermination. They fought against the Nazis, who had taken over Poland. They also fought against people who cooperated with the Nazis. They lived and fought around Nowogródek (Navahrudak) and Lida in Poland (now western Belarus). They were named after the Bielskis, a family of Polish Jews who led the group.

Under the Bielski partisans' protection, 1,236 Jews survived the war. This was one of many remarkable rescue missions in the Holocaust. The group spent more than two years living in the forests and was initially organised by members of the Bielski family.

The Bielski family were millers and grocers in Stankiewicze (Stankievichy) near Nowogródek. At the beginning of WWII, this area belonged to the Second Polish Republic. It was taken over by the Soviet Union in September 1939 (cf. Polish September Campaign and Soviet invasion of Poland) as part of an agreement between Nazi Germany and Josef Stalin's Soviet Union that they would not fight each other.

The Bielski family served as low-level administrators in the new government set up by the Soviets. This made many local Poles unhappy, because they saw the Soviets as occupiers.

On 22 June 1941, Nazi Germany began Operation Barbarossa and invaded the Soviet Union. Nowogródek became a Jewish ghetto. The Nazis took over and began their genocidal policies in Poland and Belarus.

The Bielski's parents and older family members were killed in the ghetto on 8 December 1941. The four Bielski brothers - Tuvia, Alexander (also known as "Zus"), Asael, and Aron Bielski - managed to escape to the nearby forest. Together with 13 neighbours from the ghetto, they formed their partisan combat group in the spring of 1942. Originally, about forty people were in the group, but it grew quickly.

The oldest brother, Tuvia, was the group's commander. Tuvia had served in the Polish Army from 1927 to 1929, rising to the rank of corporal. He had been interested in the Zionist youth movement. He sent people to sneak into the ghettos in the area, recruiting new members to join the group in the Naliboki Forest. Hundreds of men, women and children eventually found their way to the Bielski camp. At its largest, 1,236 people belonged to the group. Seven out of every ten members were women, children, or elderly. No one was turned away. About 150 group members used weapons to fight the Nazis and the people who cooperated with them.

The partisans lived in underground dugouts (zemlyankas) or bunkers. In their forest camp, they built many things, including:

Members of the group did many different jobs. For example:

The group also set up a school in one of the dugouts. The camp even had its own jail and court of law.

Some accounts say that poor members of the group were not treated as well as richer members.

The Bielski group's partisan activities were aimed at the Germans and their collaborators (people who cooperated with the Nazis, like Belarusian volunteer policemen or local residents who had betrayed or killed Jews). The group also used sabotage to fight the Nazis. The Nazi regime offered a reward of 100,000 Reichsmarks to anyone who could help them catch Tuvia Bielski. In 1943, the Nazis led major efforts to get rid of all partisan groups in the area. Some of these groups suffered major casualties, but the Bielski partisans fled safely to a deeper part of the forest, and continued to offer protection to the non-fighters among their band.

Like other partisan groups in the area, the Bielski group would raid nearby villages and force people to give them food. Sometimes, peasants who refused to share their food with the partisans were attacked or even murdered. This made many of the peasants in the villages angry at the Bielski partisans, though some would willingly help the Jewish partisans.

The Bielski partisans eventually teamed up with Soviet groups around the Naliboki Forest under General Platon (Vasily Yefimovich Chernyshev). Soviet commanders tried several times to get Bielski fighters to join their units, but they refused. Tuvia continued to command the Bielski partisans. This allowed him to continue in his mission to protect Jewish lives along with engaging in combat activity. However, it would also cause problems later on.

The Bielski partisan leaders split the group into two units, one named "Ordzhonikidze", led by Zus, and the other "Kalinin", commanded by Tuvia. Fighting on the Soviet side, they took part in fights between Polish and Soviet forces. On 1 December 1943, they helped the Soviets disarm a group of Polish partisans. According to records kept by the partisans, the Bielski fighters from both units claimed to have killed a total of 381 enemy fighters, sometimes during joint actions with Soviet groups.

In the summer of 1944, the Soviets began to fight back against the Nazi occupiers in Belarus, and took over the area. At this point, the "Kalinin" unit, which included 1,230 men, women and children, came out of the forest and marched into Novogrodek.

Even though they have previously worked and cooperated with the Soviets, relations between the Soviets and the Bielski partisans got worse quickly. The NKVD started interrogating the Bielski brothers about the rumours of loot they had reportedly collected during the war, and about their failure to "implement socialist ideals in the camp". Asael Bielski was conscripted into the Soviet Red Army and fell in the Battle of Königsberg in 1945. The remaining brothers escaped Soviet-controlled lands, emigrating to the West. Tuvia's cousin, Yehuda Bielski, was sought by the NKVD for having been an officer in the pre-war Polish Army. However, with Tuvia's help, he managed to escape to Hungary, then to Israel.

After the war, Tuvia Bielski returned to Poland, then emigrated to present-day Israel in 1945. Tuvia and Zus eventually settled in New York, where they ran a successful trucking business. When Tuvia died in 1987, he was buried in Long Island, New York. However, a year later, surviving partisans in Israel got his body to be exhumed (taken out of the ground). He was given a hero's funeral at Har Hamenuchot, the hillside graveyard in Jerusalem. His wife, Lilka, was buried beside him in 2001.

The last living Bielski brother, Aron Bielski, emigrated to the US in 1951. He changed his name to "Aron Bell." The remainder of the Bell family now lives in upstate New York and California. Aron lives in Florida. None of the Bielskis ever sought any praise or reward for their actions.

Yehuda Bielski, their first cousin and fellow partisan, moved to Israel to fight in the Irgun.

Stankiewicze (Stankevichi) no longer exists. It was at , just off Route P11, approximately halfway between Biarozauka and Navahrudak.

Some of the members of the Bielski partisans (but not the Bielski brothers themselves) have been accused of war crimes in the villages near them. In particular, Bielski partisans have been accused of being involved in the 1943 Naliboki massacre of 129 people, committed by Soviet partisans. Some witnesses and some historians say that members of the Bielskis' unit were at the massacre. However, former group members and other historians say this is not true. They say that the partisans did not arrive in the area until several months later.

The Polish Institute of National Remembrance has been investigating the massacre since the early 2000s. As of April 2009, it has not issued official findings. However, some historians working at the Institute have written in other publications that the Bielski brothers had not been involved in the massacre.

Two recent English language books have focused on the Bielski story: "Defiance" (1993) by Nechama Tec, and "The Bielski Brothers" (2004) by Peter Duffy. The group is also mentioned in numerous books about this period in history. A new book (January 2009) in Polish by two reporters from Gazeta Wyborcza, "Odwet: Prawdziwa historia braci Bielskich" ("Revenge: The True Story of the Bielski Brothers") focuses on the larger political and historical context in which the partisans operated, specifically the fighting between Polish and Soviet resistance groups in the Kresy (former Eastern Poland) region. "Fugitives of the Forest: The Heroic Story of Jewish Resistance and Survival During the Second World War", by Allan Levine (first published 1998, 2008 reissue, by Lyons Press), tells the story of Jewish fighters and refugees in forests across Europe, including the Bielski partisans. "With Courage Shall We Fight: The Memoirs and Poetry of Holocaust Resistance Fighters Frances "Fruma" Gulkowich Berger and Murray “Motke” Berger" tells the story of two Bielski Brigade fighters before, during and after the War.

In 2006, the History Channel aired a documentary titled "The Bielski Brothers: Jerusalem in the Woods", written and directed by filmmaker Dean Ward.

An episode of the BBC series "Who Do You Think You Are?" featured UK television personality Natasha Kaplinsky discovering that her great uncle Ytsak Kaplinski was a member of the Bielski partisans. He survived the war and emigrated to South Africa.

The BBC series Ray Mears's "Extreme Survival" featured an episode about the Bielski partisans.

The feature film "Defiance", co-written, produced and directed by Edward Zwick, was released nationwide on 16 January 2009. It stars Daniel Craig, Liev Schreiber, Jamie Bell, and George MacKay as Tuvia, Zus, Asael and Aron Bielski respectively. It opened to mixed reviews and raised questions about the roles various groups played during the war.





Roman dictator

A dictator was the senior magistrate of the Roman Republic. They were regularly appointed from the earliest period of the Republic down to the Second Punic War.

Dictators had the full authority of the state to deal with a military emergency or to undertake a specific duty. The right of the Tribune of the plebs to veto his actions was extremely limited. However, to prevent the dictatorship from threatening the state itself, limitations were placed on his powers. A dictator had a clear sphere of authority. He had to resign once his task was done, or after six months. 

After the Second Punic War, no dictators were appointed for over a century. Then the idea was revived by Sulla, and later by Caesar. Sulla was a tyrant, and Caesar was murdered soon after becoming dictator.

The office was formally abolished after the death of Caesar, and not revived under the Empire.

Vargas tragedy

Vargas tragedy is one of the worst disaster that struck the Venezuelan country's Vargas state on 15 December 1999. It was a result of heavy downpour of rain, flash floods and mudslides that followed on 14-16 December 1999 which killed 10,000*30,000 peoples.This disaster led to an complete collapse of the infrastructure of the state of Vargas.

Many towns were swept away to the ocean due to the floods.Whole towns like Cerro Grande and Carmen de Uria completely disappeared. As much as 10% of the population of Vargas perished during this event.The coastal area of Vargas has long been subject to mudslides and flooding: geologically similar catastrophes occurred with regularity. The most recent major flood was in 1951, however that event did not cause as much damage.

In a 52-hour span during 14, 15 and 16 December 1999, of rain (approximately one year's total rainfall for the region) was measured on the north-central coast of Venezuela at Simón Bolívar International Airport in Maiquetia, Venezuela. These heavy rains included of accumulation in just one hour, between 6 and 7 AM on the 16th; precipitation on both the 15th and 16th exceeded the 1,000-year probability rainfall event. Even so, the coast received much less rain than some regions upstream.

The disaster caused estimated damages of USD $1.79 to $3.5 billion. The death toll was considered to be between 10,000 and 30,000—the exact number of casualties is difficult to determine as there was no reliable census data, especially about shanty towns and small communities that were completely wiped out; moreover, only some 1,000 bodies were recovered, with the rest swept to sea by the mud or buried in the landslides. More than 8,000 homes and 700 apartment buildings were destroyed in Vargas displacing up to 75,000 people.

Charrat

Charrat was a municipality in Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Charrat became a part of Martigny.


Fully

Fully is a municipality in the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Isérables

Isérables is a municipality of the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Leytron

Leytron is a municipality of the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Leytron, Ovronnaz, Les Moulins, Produit, Montagnon, Les Places, Le Four, Dugny, Morthey and Lui Teise.


Martigny-Combe

Martigny-Combe is a municipality of the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
Martigny-Croix, Le Brocard, Le Borgeaud, Les Rappes, La Fontaine, Le Cergneux, Le Fays, Le Sommet-des-Vignes and Ravoire.


Riddes

Riddes is a municipality of the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Viriato Trágico

Viriato Trágico is a long poem by Portuguese poet Brás Garcia de Mascarenhas (1596-1656).

Viriato Trágico is a heroic poem, one of the most important Portuguese poems of the 17th century. It consists of twenty books. It was first printed in 1699, many years after author's death.

The poem about Viriatus by Garcia de Mascarenhas is written in ottava rima (oitava rima in Portuguese). This strophe was very popular in Portugal in 17th century. It was introduced into Portuguese literature by Francisco de Sá de Miranda. After Luís de Camões used the strophe in The Lusiads all poets emloyed it in long works. The strophe consists of eight lines rhymed abababcc. The lines are composed of ten syllables each.

The poem tells about an ancient hero, Viriatus. He was a warrior from Lusitania (old Portugal). He was famous for his struggle for independence against the Romans. He was invincible in any battle. As the Romans could not defeat him in the open field, the decided to get rid of him by an unlawful deed. Viriatus was assasinated in his sleep.
He died, but his fame outlived the Roman empire.



Saillon

Saillon is a town and municipality in the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


SPQR

SPQR are the initials of a Latin phrase "Senātus Populusque Rōmānus". It means "The Senate and People of Rome". 

It refers to the government of the ancient Roman Republic. It is still used as an official emblem of the modern-day municipality of Rome. 

SPQR appears on Roman coins, at the end of documents made public by inscription in stone or metal, in dedications of monuments and public works, and on the flag (vexilloid) of the Roman legions.

The phrase appears in Roman political, legal and historical literature, such as the speeches of Cicero and "Ab Urbe Condita Libri" ("Books from the Founding of the City") of Livy.

The date of first use of SPQR is not known. It first appears in inscriptions of the later Republic, from about 80 BC onwards. It last appears on coins of Constantine the Great (ruled AD 312-337), the first Christian Roman emperor.

The signature continued in use under the Roman Empire. The emperors were considered the representatives of the people, although the decrees of the Senate were dictated by the wishes of the emperor.

Similar language in more modern political and social revolutions no doubt comes from this usage. During the Fascist regime of Benito Mussolini, SPQR was emblazoned on many public buildings in an attempt to promote his dictatorship as a "New Roman Empire"

The National Museum of Computing

The National Museum of Computing is a museum in the United Kingdom dedicated to collecting and restoring old computer systems. The museum is based at Bletchley Park in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire. It opened in 2007. The building — "Block H" — was built in 1944. At the end of World War II it housed six Colossus computers. It is the first computer centre in the world.

The museum has a rebuilt Colossus computer. It also has an exhibition of the most complex code cracking activities that were performed at Bletchley Park during World War II. More modern computers can be seen. They show the history of the development of computing from the 1940s to the present day. The museum tries to have these machines in working order.

Although located on the Bletchley Park "campus", The National Museum of Computing is an entirely separate charity. It receives no public funding. It relies on the generosity of donors and supporters. Tickets for admission to the museum are separate from those for the other museum on the site.

Day of the Dead

Day of the Dead () is a Mexican holiday celebrated in Mexico known around the world by the skull painting face. It is celebrated by people of Mexico living in other places, especially the United States. Family and friends gather for this multi-day holiday to pray for and remember friends and family members who have died while creating an Ofrenda. They do Ofrenda on a altar at home and also on the grave. It is also to help support their spiritual journey. In 2008, the tradition was inscribed in the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO.

The origin of the day of the dead comes from a mix of culture. Aztec and Christian are the main influence of it. In some countries people use sugar skull painting for Halloween but it is not the same celebration. Everyone is welcomed to join in on the celebration, but nearly everyone in Mexico celebrates it. The Day of the Dead is a holiday celebrated all throughout Mexico. It is a day to celebrate, remember and prepare special foods in honor of those who have died. The traditional food is the bread of the dead (pan de muertos). People paint there faces to match Caleveras. The famous decoration is the skulls, Marigolds, and candles. People believe the spirit of the dead goes and visits their families from October 31 (aka Halloween) then leaves on November 2. The Day of the Dead is held every year on the of November in Mexico. This Mexican holiday is celebrated because families do it to honor their loved ones who have passed.

Betsy DeVos

Elisabeth "Betsy" DeVos (née Prince; born January 8, 1958) is an American billionaire businesswoman, philanthropist, and education activist from Michigan. She was the 11th United States Secretary of Education from February 7, 2017 to January 8, 2021. DeVos is known for her advocacy of school choice and voucher programs.

On November 23, 2016, it was announced that DeVos would be nominated to serve as Secretary of Education in the coming administration of President-elect Donald Trump. On February 7, 2017, she was confirmed by the United States Senate by a 50-50 vote with Vice President Mike Pence breaking the tie in her favor.

In January 2021, DeVos resigned from the Trump cabinet over the events of the storming of the United States Capitol.

DeVos was born Elisabeth Prince on January 8, 1958 in Holland, Michigan. She was educated at the Holland Christian High School, a private school in her home town of Holland, Michigan. She graduated from Calvin College in Grand Rapids, Michigan, where she earned a bachelor's degree in business administration and political science.

DeVos is chairwoman of the Windquest Group, a privately held operating group that invests in technology, manufacturing, and clean energy. DeVos and her husband founded it in 1989.

Since 1982, DeVos has participated in the Michigan Republican Party. She served as a local precinct delegate. She was a Republican National Committeewoman for Michigan between 1992 and 1997, and served as chairwoman of the Michigan Republican Party from 1996 to 2000. DeVos resigned the position in 2000. She said in 2000, "It is clear I have never been a rubber stamp... I have been a fighter for the grassroots, and following is admittedly not my strong suit."

In 2003, DeVos ran again for party chairman and was elected to the post without opposition.

On November 23, 2016, it was announced that DeVos was President-elect Trump's choice to be the next United States Secretary of Education. Upon her nomination, DeVos said "I am honored to work with the President-elect on his vision to make American education great again. The "status quo" in ed is not acceptable".

Former presidential candidates Jeb Bush, Mitt Romney, and Carly Fiorina respectively called DeVos an "outstanding pick", a "smart choice", and the "transformative leader our students need". Republican Senator Ben Sasse said DeVos "has made a career out of standing up to powerful and connected special interests on behalf of poor kids who are too often forgotten by Washington." In an opinion editorial, "The Chicago Tribune" wrote that "DeVos has helped lead the national battle to expand education opportunities for children."

The confirmation hearing for DeVos was initially scheduled for January 10, 2017, but was delayed for one week after the Office of Government Ethics requested more time to review her financial disclosures. The confirmation hearing was later held on January 17.

On February 7, 2017, DeVos was confirmed by the Senate by a 51–50 margin, with Vice President Mike Pence breaking the tie in favor of DeVos's nomination; it was the first time a vice president had done so for the appointment of a cabinet nominee.

Betsy DeVos and her family spend millions promoting education privatization schemes. Long before she became Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos used her family’s wealth to privatize public schools. She funds politicians who support voucher schemes. DeVos won confirmation despite 1.1 million letters and 80,000 phone calls from NEA supporters urging senators to vote no. Vice President Mike Pence cast the deciding vote, the first time in the nation’s history a vice president’s vote was necessary to approve a cabinet nominee.

On January 7, 2021, DeVos resigned from her job as Secretary of Education after the January 6 U.S. Capitol riots. She was the second cabinet member to resign following the storming, the first being the United States Secretary of Transportation Elaine Chao.

DeVos is married to businessman and millionaire Dick DeVos. Together, they have four children and one grandchild. DeVos' father-in-law, Richard DeVos is the current owner of the Orlando Magic.


Orville Turnquest

Sir Orville Alton Turnquest (born 19 July 1929) is a retired Bahamian politician. He was the Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister of the Bahamas from 1992 to 1994, and the fifth Governor-General of the Bahamas from 3 January 1994 until his retirement on 13 November 2001.

Turnquest was born in Grants Town, New Providence. He was educated at the University of London.

Ivy Dumont

Dame Ivy Leona Dumont, DCMG (born 2 October 1930) is a retired Bahamian politician. She was the sixth Governor-General of the Bahamas.

She was the first woman in the Bahamas to hold this office, from 1 January 2002 (on an acting basis since 13 November 2001) until 30 November 2004. She previously served as Education Minister from 1995 to 2001.


Luis García Meza

Luis García Meza Tejada (August 8, 1929 – April 29, 2018) was a former Bolivian dictator. In 1980, he led a military coup d'état on President Lidia Gueiler Tejada, his cousin. He later made himself president on 17 July 1980. He left office on 4 August 1981 after being exiled for human rights violations. Before becoming president, he worked closely with Bolivian president Hugo Banzer. 

García Meza died in La Paz on April 29, 2018, of a heart attack at the age of 88.

Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada

Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada Sánchez de Bustamante (born 1 July 1930), familiarly known as "Goni", is a Bolivian politician and businessman. He served as President of Bolivia for two non-consecutive terms from 6 August 1993 through 6 August 1997 and again from 6 August 2002 through his resignation on 17 October 2003. He is a lifelong member of the Movimiento Nacionalista Revolucionario (MNR).


I'll Be Missing You

I'll Be Missing You is a song performed by American rapper Puff Daddy and singer Faith Evans featuring 112. It was in memory of Christopher "The Notorious B.I.G." Wallace. He was killed in Los Angeles on March 9, 1997. It sampled the melody of The Police's Every Breath You Take song from the 1980s. As well as these artists, Sting (vocalist from The Police) joined in at the MTV Video Music Awards in 1997.





Hate groups in the United States

A hate group is a group that hates a specific group of people. For example, a hate group might hate everyone who belongs to a different ethnic group, religion, sex, and/or sexual orientation.

According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, as of 2015, there were 892 hate groups currently operating in the United States. Hate groups exist in every state.

According to the Southern Poverty Law Center:

There are many different types of hate groups. Of the 892 hate groups currently operating in the U.S.:

According to the Anti-Defamation League, as of 2015, 21,000,000 people in the United States admitted to having anti-Semitic attitudes. For example, 31% of people admitted that they think "Jews are more loyal to Israel than to [this country/the countries they live in].

SMS Posen

SMS Posen was a German battleship built in 1907 and launched in 1910. She had twelve 11 inch guns in six turrets.

The ship sailed during most of the First World War, in the North Sea. The main battle she was in was the Battle of Jutland where she hit another German ship which then sank. 

The ship served with her three sister ships for the majority of World War I. She saw extensive service in the North Sea, where she took part in several fleet sorties. These culminated in the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916, where "Posen" was heavily engaged in night-fighting against British light forces. In the confusion, the ship accidentally rammed the light cruiser SMS "Elbing", which suffered serious damage and was scuttled later in the night.

The ship also conducted several deployments to the Baltic Sea against the Russian Navy. In the first of these, "Posen" supported a German naval assault in the Battle of the Gulf of Riga. The ship was sent back to the Baltic in 1918 to support the White Finns in the Finnish Civil War. At the end of the war, "Posen" remained in Germany while the majority of the fleet was interned in Scapa Flow. In 1919, following the scuttling of the German fleet in Scapa Flow, she was ceded to the British as a replacement for the ships that had been sunk. She was then sent to ship-breakers in the Netherlands and scrapped in 1922.

Posen was 146 m long and 27 m wide. She weighed 18,873 tonnes. Her crew was 40 officers and 968 sailors, 1008 total. She had three coal engines and could go at 20 knots or 9600 miles at 12 knots.

Her guns were 28 cm wide and were in six twin turrets in a hexagon shape around the ship. She also had 15cm and 8.8 cm anti aircraft guns. She carried six torpedo which she could shoot out the front, back and sides. She had thick armour along both sides, 30cm thick in most places.

Posen was first ordered in 1906 as the Ersatz Baden. She started being built on 11 June 1907 in secret. She sailed for the first time in December 1908. She cost the German government 36,920,000 Marks.

She went to Wilhelmshavenin 1910 and sailed out of there for the next 4 years. In World War 1 she spent a lot of time in the North Sea, and sometimes going down to the Baltic sea to fight the Russian Navy. She was part of the Battle of Jutland, and in the fight she hit another German ship and made it sink.


No. 77 Squadron RAAF

No. 77 Squadron is a squadron in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). It flies out of RAAF Williamtown in New South Wales, Australia. It is part of No. 81 Wing and has F18 Hornet fighters. 

The squadron started at RAAF Pearce in Western Australia in 1942 during the Second World War, and fought in the Pacific Theatre with P40 Kittyhawks. After the war it got new P51 Mustangs and went to Japan. 

In 1950 it went to Korea to support the United Nations against North Korea. It got Meteor jets there and shot down five MiG 15s and 5,000 buildings and vehicles. 

When they went back to Australia in 1956 they got new Sabre jets. In 1958 they went to Malaya to help the Commonwealth there. They stayed there, looking after the country until 1969. Then they went back to Williamtown and got new Mirage jets, then F18 Hornets in 1987. It went to Afghanistan in 2001 and again in 2015. In 2021 it will get F35 Lightning fighters.

The squadron has F18 Hornets which they got in 1987. They look after an area of sky in New South Wales. 

Gautam

Gautam is a mythological Hindu sage (Rishi) and one of the seven Rishis. Hindu scriptures have named them as saptarishis, that is, the seven sages. The seven sages were Kashyapa, Atri, Vashitha, Vishvamitra, Gautam, Jamdagni, and Bharadvaja. According to Hindu mythology, these seven sages had become like divine beings. Ancient astrology of Hindus identified these seven sages with the stars of the sky, the Great Bear. Their wives formed the Pleiades.

The Rig Veda has several 'hymns' that go with his name. Sage Gautam is one of the greatest amongst all Saptarshis (seven sages). He was the son of Rahugana. He married to Ahalya and had two sons Vamadeva and Nodhas both themselves discoverers of Mantras. Ramayan and Mahabharatha have references to Sage Gautam as he lived during these two Yugas.

Sage Gautam's sixty-year-long penance is mentioned in the Shanti Parva of the Mahabharata. He is the progenitor of the Gautama gotra.

Atri

Atri is a mythological Hindu sage. He is one of the seven Rishis. Hindu scriptures have named them as saptarishis, that is, the seven sages. The seven sages were Kashyapa, Atri, Vashitha, Vishvamitra, Gautam, Jamdagni, and Bharadvaja. According to Hindu mythology, these seven sages had become like divine beings. Ancient astrology of Hindus identified these seven sages with the stars of the sky, the Great Bear. Their wives formed the Pleiades.

Boro language (India)

Bodo (बर') or Boro is a Sino-Tibetan language spoken primarily by the Bodo people of Northeast India. It is official language of the Bodoland autonomous region and co-official language of the state of Assam in India. It is also one of twenty two languages listed in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution of India. The Bodo language has been written using Devanagari script since 1963. Some scholar believe that at ancient time boro language were written in "Deodhai" script which is now lost.

Bodo is a Sino-Tibetan language of the Bodo group. It is closely related to the Dimasa language and Tiwa (Lalung) Language of Assam. It is also related to the Garo language of Meghalaya and the Kokborok language of Tripura. The Bodo speaking areas of Assam stretch from Dhubri in the west to Sadiya in the east. In Alipurduar, Cooch Behar and Jalpaiguri and other parts of Bengal, the Boros are known as "Mech". According to the 1991 census, the population of Boro speakers was 1,984,569 (Bodo 1,324,748), (Mech 659,821). The census reports of Bodo tribe, however, includes only the Bodos. It excludes the Mech tribe. The word "Boro" means the language and the community. It is pronounced with a high tone on the second syllable.

The dialects spoken in this area can be divided into three main groups:


The Western Boro dialects are spoken in the districts of Kokrajhar and Bongaigaon. The Eastern Bodo dialects are found mainly in the districts of Barpeta, Nalbari and Kamrup and some parts of Darrang. The Western Boro dialect has gained the status of a standard dialect. It has also developed a written form. The variations between these two dialect groups are mainly phonological and lexical.
The Bodo language of Assam has at least four clear-cut dialect-areas with a sufficient number of dialectal variations. There are the northeastern, southwestern, north-central and southern dialect areas. Each has distinct differences.

"Ethnologue" lists the following districts where Bodo is spoken. Bodo is spoken mainly in the lowlands and foothills of Assam and West Bengal.


Although the Bodo language is a rich and ancient language, it did not have any written literature until the second decade of the 20th century. Christian missionaries, who entered the Bodo speaking areas to preach their religion, published some books on religion, tales, rhymes and songs. These missionaries also published some books on grammar and dictionary. Reverend Sidney Endle compiled "An Outline of the Kachari Grammar" in 1884. The grammar is based on the dialect of Darrang district. Endle also wrote an important book on the Bodos. It is titled "The Kacharis". The book was published in 1911 and it contains chapters on social customs, agriculture practices, festivities, food habits, rituals, crafts and textiles of the Bodos. The book also included examples of Bodo folktales, rhymes and grammars. J.D. Anderson's "Collection of Bodo Folktales and Rhymes" (1895) included seventeen Bodo folktales translated into the English language. This is in addition to the original versions in the Bodo language.

In 1963 the language was used in teaching in the primary schools in Bodo dominated areas. The Bodo language is used in schools up to the secondary level. The language has become a matter of pride with the opening of the post-graduate course in the Bodo language. Bodo literature has been used in the University of Guwahati since 1996. The Bodo language now has a large number of books of poetry, drama, short stories, novels, biography, travel, children's literature and literary criticism. Though the spoken language has been affected by other communities and dialects, it is still to be heard in its pure form in and around the Udalguri district.

The language is officially written using the Devanagari script. It also has a long history of using the Latin script and the Assamese script. Some researchers have suggested that at one time the language used a now-lost script called Deodhai.



Piotta

Piotta is a village in the municipality of Quinto in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Piotta has an ice hockey Club, called the HC Ambrì-Piotta, that plays in indoor sporting arena of "Valascia".

Ambrì

Ambrì is a village in the municipality of Quinto in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Ambrì has an ice hockey club, called the HC Ambrì-Piotta, that plays in indoor sporting arena of "Valascia".

Saxon, Switzerland

Saxon is a municipality of the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It is famous as the birthplace of figure skater and choreographer of Stéphane Lambiel.


Trient, Switzerland

Trient is a municipality of the district of Martigny in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Champéry

Champéry is a municipality of the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


The Fall of Nineveh (poem)

"The Fall of Nineveh" is a poem by English poet Edwin Atherstone (1788-1892).

"The Fall of Nineveh" is a long poem. It consists of the Prelude and thirty books. It was published in parts between 1828 and 1868. It has more than six hundred pages and more than twenty thousand lines. Because of that it is one of the longest epic poems in English and European literature. Nineveh was the capital city of the Assyrian empire. It was really destroyed in 612 B.C. 

Edwin Atherstone was a romantic poet. He is forgotten now. He was the author of some poems, dramas and two novels, "Sea kings in England" and "Handwriting on the Wall".

The poem is written almost entirely in blank verse. This form, unrhymed iambic pentameter, is typical for long poems in English literature. It was introduced into English literature by Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey in 16th century. It was widely used in Elizabethan drama, for example by Thomas Kyd and William Shakespeare. In 17th century John Milton employed it in "Paradise Lost". From that time blank verse prevails in English epic poems. From time to time the poet used alliteration: "Thus in her pride of power I see her now;/Her swarming streets; her splendid festivals;/Her sprightly damsels" ("The Prelude").

The poem is based on the strory written by Greek physician and historian Ctesias. Lord Byron wrote a tragedy about Sandanapalus earlier.

The poem narrates about a great war. It was a conflict between the Assyrian and the coallition of nations that had been conquered by them earlier. The Assyrian were ruled by Sardanapalus, king of Nineveh. He was a tyrant. All the nations around had to pay high taxes and send some soldiers to the king. They did not want to do it any longer. They started a war for independence. After many battles they won the whole war. They took the city of Nineveh, but it was destroyed by an earthquake.


Edwin Atherstone's poems were never much appreciated by critics. Sometimes he was even called "stupid".

"The Fall of Niniveh" has not been probably translated in any language. There are only some fragments in Polish translation.




Sir Breunor

Bruenor the Black, also called the Knight of the Ill-fitting Coat, was one of the Knights of the Round Table in Arthurian legend. He was the son of Sir Brunor, the "Good Knight without Fear". His brothers were Sir Dinadan and Sir Daniel. Both were killed by Sir Lancelot. Their father had been murdered and Brunor swore to wear his father's ill-fitting coat until the murder was avenged. Sir Breunor was the lord of Pendragon Castle. He was married to Maladisant.

1936 North American heat wave

The 1936 North American heat wave was the most severe heat wave in United States history. It happened in the middle of the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl of the 1930s.

The heat wave began in late June. It created great human suffering. It also caused drought in the Midwest and Great Plains. The lack of moisture, along with heat, destroyed huge numbers of crops.

This heat wave set records in many states, including Iowa, Minnesota and Illinois. In some states, the 1936 records were not broken until 2012. In Ohio, the temperature reached , almost tying the 1934 temperature record there.

More than 5,000 people in the United States died from this heat wave.

The heat also affected Canada.

Collombey-Muraz

Collombey-Muraz is a municipality of the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. There is an oil refinery in the municipality.


Port-Valais

Port-Valais is a municipality of the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Saint-Gingolph, Switzerland

Saint-Gingolph is a municipality in the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Troistorrents

Troistorrents is a municipality of the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Val-d'Illiez

Val-d'Illiez is a municipality of the district Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


La Fouly

La Fouly is a village of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

La Fouly is in the municipality of Orsières.

It sits at the foot of Mont Dolent (3,823 m) and the Tour Noir (3,836m) in the Mont Blanc massif.


Kempes (Brazilian footballer)

Everton Kempes dos Santos Gonçalves (b. 3rd September, 1982 in Carpina, Pernambuco - f. 28th November, 2016 in La Unión, Antioquia) was a Brazilian footballer who played as forward.

He made his debut in 2004 as Paraná's player and spent most of his career in Brazil.

He was named by the former Argentinian footballer: Mario Kempes.

On 28 November 2016, Kempes died along his team, Chapecoense and other passengers after the LaMia Airlines Flight 2933 was crashed near La Unión, Antioquia. It was expected that Chapecoense played the final of the South American Cup against Atlético Nacional in Medellín.

Nugget

Nugget may refer to:

Things





Alappuzha

Alappuzha is a city in Kerala, India. It is the administrative headquarters of the Alappuzha district. Alappuzha is considered as the oldest planned city in the region. It is one of the most popular tourist attractions in Kerala. The city is located in the coastal region of Laccadive Sea. In 2016, the Centre for Science and Environment rated Alappuzha as the top cleanest town in India.

According to 2011 census the population of the city is 174,176. The male population is 83,853 and female population is 90,323. The Literacy rate is 96.2%. The languages spoken here are Malayalam, Tamil and Konkani. Most of the population of Alappuzha are of Hindu and Christian religions with a small Muslim population.

Alappuzha is famous for Snake boat races, especially the Nehru Trophy Boat Race. Games of cricket, football and basketball are also popular in the city. The Kerala Backwaters of Alappuzha are the most popular tourist attraction in Kerala.
Alappuzha is most famous for its attractions. The attractions here are: 


Zakir Husain (politician)

Zakir Husain (8 February 1897 – 3 May 1969) was the 3rd President of India. He was the first Muslim president of Indian nation and also the first to die in office. Zakir Husain was the shortest serving president of India. He previously served as the second Vice-President of India and Governor of Bihar. Zakir Husain was also the co-founder of Jamia Milia Islamia. He served as its Vice-Chancellor. Under Husain, Jamia became closely to the Indian freedom movement.

Zakir Husain was born in Hyderabad, Telangana in 8 February 1897. He became the Governor of Bihar in 1957 to 1962. Later he became the 2nd Vice President of India after Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan. He served in the post from 13 May 1962 to 12 May 1967.In 13 May 1967 he was elected as the 3rd President of India after Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan.He was the Muslim President of India. But his term was short-lived. He died in New Delhi on 3 May 1969 and became the 1st President to die in the office period.

Puducherry district

Puducherry district is one of the four districts of the union territory of Puducherry in southern India. The district occupies an area of , spread over 11 non-contiguous enclaves lying on or near the Bay of Bengal within a compact area in the state of Tamil Nadu. 
Puducherry district's total population according to the 2011 census is 946,600.It is said that the population roughly equals that of Fiji and US state of Delaware. Literacy rate - 86.13% and Sex ratio is 1031 per 1000 males.
For administrative purpose, the union territory of Puducherry is divided into eight taluks.Some are Puducherry taluk, Villianur taluk, Ozhukarai taluk and Bahour taluk. Among these Ozhukarai taluk is the only taluk without rural areas.Puducherry taluk's rural area is covered in a commune named Ariyankuppam.Villianur taluk has two rural communes namely Mannadipet and Villianur. Bahour taluk consists of two rural communes namely Bahour and Nettapakkam.

Yellowstone fires of 1988

The Yellowstone fires of 1988 were the largest wildfires in the history of the Yellowstone National Park. They began as smaller individual fires. They spread quickly out of control. The fires were made worse by increasing wind and severe drought in the Western United States.

The fires burned for several months. On September 8, 1988, the entire park was closed to all non-emergency people for the first time in its history. The arrival of cool and moist weather in the late autumn brought the fires to an end. 

Confederate States Marine Corps

The Confederate States Marine Corps (CSMC) was a branch of the Confederate States armed forces during the American Civil War. It was established on March 16, 1861. The CSMC's manpower was initially authorized to include one major, one quartermaster sergeant, and 600 men divided into six companies of 100 marines each. This was increased on May 20, 1861 raising the rank of officers and adding more men. The organization of the corps began at Montgomery, Alabama. It was completed at Richmond, Virginia, when the capital of the Confederate States of America was moved there. The CSMC headquarters and main training facilities remained in Richmond, Virginia throughout the war. It was located at Camp Beall on Drewry's Bluff and at the Gosport Shipyard in Portsmouth, Virginia. The last CSMC unit surrendered on April 9, 1865, with the Confederacy itself surrendering a month later.

The Corps was established by an act passed by the Congress of the Confederate States on March 16, 1861. It was modeled after the United States Marine Corps. Many of its officers were U.S. Marines who joined the Confederacy after the war started. The strength of the Corps were authorized for 46 officers and 944 enlisted men. But it always had fewer marines than it was authorized to have. One of the reasons was that Marines were paid $3 a month less than other Confederate enlisted men. Late in the war they drew men from Confederate Army conscripts and were finally given bounties. Both of these helped to fill out their ranks. Lloyd J. Beall served as a colonel and as Commandant of the Corps. He had no marine experience and was a former United States Army paymaster.

While similar to the United States Marine Corps, there were some differences. They replaced the Marine Corps fife with the bugle. Their uniforms were similar to the British Royal Marines. The Confederate Marines were organized into permanent companies, unlike the U.S. Marines. Their tasks were much the same as the U.S. Marines. They provided detachments of marines for warships, commerce raiders, shore batteries and to guard shipyards. They served as landing forces and sharpshooters. Later their duties including manning the main guns of warships. A detachment of Company A served as part of the crew of the ironclad "CSS Virginia" during the Battle of Hampton Roads.

During the entire Civil War, a total of 148 Confederate Marines were killed in action. Another 312 Marines died from other causes.

Officers wore a French "Kepi" of different colors, but most were grey and blue. They wore frock coats in a shade of gray. The coats had two rows of seven brass buttons (for a total of 14) which were made in England. They wore dark trousers, usually blue in color.

The Marines used the Confederate Army's rank insignia. One collar stripe for a second lieutanant, two for a first lieutanant and three for a captain. A major wore a star on his collar. A lieutenant colonel wore two stars while a colonel wore three. Officers also wore Austrian knots on their sleeves. A lieutenant wore one braid, a captain wore two and field officers wore three.

The enlisted ranks also wore the "kepis". They wore a grey coat trimmed in black around the collar and cuffs. Non-commissioned officer coat sleeves were trimmed in flax-colored linen. All enlisted men had one row of brass buttons on their coats. Like the officers' buttons, they had a Roman numeral "M". Enlisted ranks were indicated by black chevrons. They were the same as those worn by the army, but instead of wearing them with the points down, marines wore them with the points up. The ranks insignia was the same. A corporal had two stripes while a sergeant had three. A first sergeant wore three stripes with a diamond in the center. A sergeant major wore three stripes up with three arcs below.

Both officers and men also wore Fatigues when not in their dress uniforms.


Chennai district

Chennai district, formerly known as Madras district, was one of the 32 districts in the Tamil Nadu state of India. It is the smallest district of Tamil Nadu but has the highest population density. Most of the Chennai Metro region comes under this district.

According to the 2011 census, the population of the Chennai district is 4,646,732. The male population is 2,335,844 and female population is 2,310,888. The literacy rate is 90.18%. The density of population in this district is 26,553 people per square kilometre. The sex ratio is 989 females per 1000 males.

Chennai district is divided into various taluks for administration purposes. They are:
The total area of the Chennai district is . The district is in the Coromandel coast of the Bay of Bengal. The Guindy National Park region covers of reserved forest. The waterways here are the Cooum River, Adyar River, Buckingham Canal and Otteri Nullah stream.

Thanjavur district

Thanjavur district is one of the district is known as the "Granary of South India" and "Rice bowl of Tamil Nadu". This is one of the important district for the Tamil Nadu agriculture and economy.

The Thanjavur district's total population is 2,405,890 according to Census of 2011. Literacy rate is 74.44%. The sex ratio is 1035 per 1000 males.Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes consist of 18.91% and 0.15% of the population respectively.
The Thanjavur district is famously known as the "Granary of South India", since the rule of Chola dynasty.This district lies at the Kaveri delta region, the most fertile region in the Tamil Nadu state. The district is the main rice producing region in the state and therefore known as "Rice Bowl of Tamil Nadu". Kaveri River and its tributaries are the main source of irrigation in Thanjavur district. Farmers also grow coconut and sugarcane and it is the largest producer of coconut in Tamil Nadu.

Cuddalore district

Cuddalore district is one of the 32 districts in Tamil Nadu, South India. Cuddalore city is the headquarters of the Cuddalore district. It was the mostly affected district in the 2015 South Indian floods along with Chennai district. Cuddalore is on the sea shore, so most of the cyclones affecting Tamil Nadu hit this district.
The district area is 3,564km². It is bounded on the north by Viluppuram District, on the east by the Bay of Bengal, on the south by Nagapattinam District, and on the west by Perambalur District. The district is drained by Gadilam River and Pennaiyar River in the north, Vellar River and Kollidam River in south.
In 2006 the Ministry of Panchayati Raj named Cuddalore one of the country's 250 most backward districts (out of a total of Districts of 640). It is one of the six districts in Tamil Nadu currently receiving funds from the Backward Regions Grant Fund Programme (BRGF).
According to 2011 census of India, Cuddalore district had a population of 2,605,914 with a sex-ratio of 987 females for every 1,000 males. A total of 279,950 were under the age of six, constituting 147,644 males and 132,306 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 29.32% and 0.6% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the district was 69.66%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. 

Manchester Metropolitan University

The Manchester Metrropolitain University is the fourth largest university in the United Kingdom (UK).

Vionnaz

Vionnaz is a municipality in the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Vouvry

Vouvry is a municipality in the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Ausserberg

Ausserberg is a municipality of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Norwich (disambiguation)

Norwich could mean:


Norfolk (disambiguation)

Norfolk could mean:

Arrondissements of the Indre-et-Loire department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Indre-et-Loire department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Indre-et-Loire are:

Since its creation, the Indre-et-Loire department has had few changes:


Paget's disease

Paget's disease is the name for different diseases, which where first described by Sir James Paget. 

Arrondissement of Chinon

The arrondissement of Chinon is an arrondissement of France, in the Indre-et-Loire department, Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Chinon.

When the Indre-et-Loire department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Chinon was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Chinon is the most western of the "arrondissements" of the Indre-et-Loire department. It is bordered to the north and east by the "arrondissement" of Tours, to the southeast by the Loches "arrondissement", to the west by the Vienne department and to the northwest by the Maine-et-Loire department.

The "arrondissement" of Chinon is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the second in population (86,952 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the "arrondissement" of Chinon are:

The "arrondissement" of Chinon has 106 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


1991 Azerbaijani independence referendum

An independence referendum was held in Azerbaijan on 29 December 1991, three days after the collapse of the Soviet Union. The result was 99.8% in favor, with turnout reported to be 95.3%.

Arrondissement of Tours

The arrondissement of Tours is an arrondissement of France, in the Indre-et-Loire department, Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Tours.

When the Indre-et-Loire department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Tours was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Tours is the northern half of the Indre-et-Loire department. It is bordered to the north and east by the Loir-et-Cher department, to the southeast by the Loches "arrondissement", to the southwest by the Chinon "arrondissement", to the west by the Maine-et-Loire department and to the northwest by the Sarthe department.

The "arrondissement" of Tours is the largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , and the one with more people living in it with 466,232 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons of the "arrondissement" of Tours are:
The "arrondissement" of Tours has 54 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


West Indian manatee

The West Indian manatee ("Trichechus manatus") or "sea cow" is a manatee. It is the largest living member of the order Sirenia (which also includes dugongs and the extinct Steller's sea cow).

The West Indian manatee is a different species from the Amazonian manatee ("T. inunguis") and the African manatee ("T. senegalensis"). The West Indian manatee is in two subspecies, the Florida manatee ("T. m. latirostris") and the Antillean or Caribbean manatee ("T. m. manatus"). New research shows that there may be three groups:

The Florida manatee and the Antillean manatee are endangered. Federal, state, private, and nonprofit organizations are working to protect these species from natural and human threats, such as collisions with boat propeller blades.

Arrondissement of Loches

The arrondissement of Loches is an arrondissement of France, in the Indre-et-Loire department, Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Loches.

When the Indre-et-Loire department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Loches was part of that original department.

In 1926, the "arrondissement" of Loches was eliminated but in 1943 it was made again an "arrondissement" of the Indre-et-Loire department.

The "arrondissement" of Loches is the southeast of the Indre-et-Loire department. It is bordered to the north by the Tours "arrondissement", to the northeast by the Loir-et-Cher department, to the east and southeast by the Indre department, to the southwest by the Vienne department and to the west by the Chinon "arrondissement"

The "arrondissement" of Loches is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the one with fewest people living in it with 50,740 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only 2 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Loches:

The "arrondissement" of Loches has 113 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Xeroderma pigmentosum

Xeroderma pigmentosum is a rare genetic disorder.

Ultraviolet (UV) light damages the DNA in skin cells. Normally the DNA damage is repaired. But if a person has a defective repair gene, the DNA is not repaired.

This disease causes the skin to be sensitive to sunlight. A person with this disorder must always stay out of the sun, or they will get a sunburn. People with this disease are often called a "Moon child" because they can only go outside during the night. This disease is present in both genders and in all races, with one in 250,000 people living in the US having this disease. A Japanese person is about six times more likely to have this disease.

This disorder is found in one in 250,000 people. People with xeroderma pigmentosum are about 1,000 times more likely to get skin cancer.

There is no cure for xeroderma pigmentosum. The symptoms can be minimized if you do not go outside into sunlight. Fewer than 40% of individuals with the disease survive beyond the age of 20. Some XP victims with less severe cases do manage to live well into their 40s.

People that have xeroderma pigmentosum are sensitive to UV light from the sun, and have dry, flaking skin and pigmented spots that can become skin cancer. 

Other symptoms include:

The most important part of treatment is avoiding going into sunlight. You may have to wear protective clothes and wear sunscreen.

XP can be caused by mutations in any one of eight genes. Seven of these genes help repair of ultraviolet-induced photoproducts.

James Bradley

James Bradley FRS (1693 – 13 July 1762) was an English astronomer. He was born in Sherborne, Gloucestershire, England. Bradley was educated at Northleach Grammar School and at Balliol College, Oxford. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1714 and a Master of Arts in 1717. 

He became a member of the clergy and received an income at Bridstow in Herefordshire. Because of his friendship with Edmond Halley, in 1718 he was elected as a fellow of the Royal Society. He gave up his living at Bridstow to become a professor at Oxford in 1721. Bradley succeeded Edmond Halley as Astronomer Royal at the Royal Observatory, Greenwich in 1742. He held this post until his death in 1762.In 1729 he published his discovery of the aberration of light (also called astronomical aberration). This was he first observational proof of the Copernican Hypothesis that the Sun is at the centre of the Solar System and not the Earth. He noticed a motion in the stars that did not fit the accepted pattern of the time. What he discovered was stellar aberration. In 1748 he published his discovery. That same year he was awarded the Copley Medal from the Royal Society for his discovery.

1962 Stanley Cup Finals

The 1962 Stanley Cup Finals was played between the defending champion Chicago Black Hawks and the Toronto Maple Leafs. The Maple Leafs were also in the Final in 1960. The Maple Leafs would win the best-of-seven series four games to two to win the Stanley Cup. This was their first win since 1951.

Betten

Betten is a former municipality in the district of Raron, Canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Betten and Martisberg merged into the new municipality of Bettmeralp.


Silesian Wikipedia

Silesian Wikipedia is the Silesian language edition of Wikipedia. It was started on 26 May 2008.

In October 2010 the Silesian Wikipedia was mentioned as one of the arguments for Silesian to become one of the regional languages in Poland.

Eshtaol Forest

The Eshtaol Forest is a forest in Israel, located north of Beit Shemesh and near Ta'oz and Neve Shalom. The Forest of the Martyrs lies to the east. The forest is a popular recreation area and is one of the largest forests in Israel. The forest (like most other forests in Israel) was planted in by the Jewish National Fund, which continues to expand it. The forest covers an area of .



Ganges Delta

The Ganges-Brahmaputra Delta is a river delta in the South Asia region of Bangladesh and in West Bengal, India. It is the world's largest delta.

The delta is also known as the Brahmaputra Delta, the "Sunderbans Delta", or the Bengal Delta. Because it is also one of the most fertile regions in the world, it is called The Green Delta.

The Ganges Delta empties into the Bay of Bengal. It is approximately across at the Bay of Bengal.. The floodplain is from three rivers: Ganges, the Brahmaputra River and the Meghna River.

The delta stretches from the Hooghly River on the west to the Meghna River on the east. In India Kolkata and Haldia are the main seaports. In Bangladesh the main seaports are the Port of Mongla and Chittagong.

Piedmontese Wikipedia

Piedmontese Wikipedia is the Piedmontese language edition of Wikipedia. Piedmontese is a Romance language spoken by over 1 million people in Piedmont, northwest Italy.

Latvian Wikipedia

Latvian Wikipedia is the Latvian edition of Wikipedia. It was started on 6 June 2003.

Bosnian Wikipedia

Bosnian Wikipedia is the Bosnian language edition of Wikipedia. It was started on 12 December 2002.

Luxembourgish Wikipedia

Luxembourgish Wikipedia is the Luxembourgish language edition of Wikipedia.

Neapolitan Wikipedia

Neapolitan Wikipedia is the Neapolitan language edition of Wikipedia. Neapolitan is the language of much of southern continental Italy.

Salem district

Salem district is a district in Tamil Nadu, South India. Salem is the district headquarters and other major towns in the district include Mettur, Omalur and Attur. Salem is surrounded by hills and the landscape dotted with hillocks. Ancient Salem Nadu ruled by Mazhavar kings.

According to 2011 census of India, Salem district had a population of 3,482,056 with a sex-ratio of 954 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929.Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 16.67% and 3.43% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the district was 65.64%, compared to the national average of 72.99%.

Salem district has many educational institutions including government schools, private schools and hundred years traditional institution Government arts college ,Government arts college for women and the Government College of Engineering and Periyar University.

The Salem handloom industry is one of the most ancient cottage industries and producing quality saree, doti etc out of silk yarn and cotton yarn. More than 75,000 handlooms are working and the total value of cloth produced per annum is estimated at Rs.5,000 crores. With more than 125 spinning mills, with modern weaving units and garment units Salem established itself as one of the major textile center in Tamil Nadu .

École nationale supérieure d'électrotechnique, d'électronique, d'informatique, d'hydraulique et des télécommunications

École nationale supérieure d'électrotechnique, d'électronique, d'informatique, d'hydraulique et des télécommunications is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Toulouse (Southern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at ENSEEIHT.

Most of the 1500 graduate engineer students at ENSEEIHT live in dedicated residential buildings nearby research labs and metro public transports.

Research activities at ENSEEIHT relate to the following topics:


Thiruvarur district

Thiruvarur district is one of the districts in Tamil Nadu, South India. Thiruvarur town is the district headquarters of Tamil Nadu. 

Before 1991 Thiruvarur district and Nagapattinam district were part of the Thanjavur district. After that, the present Taluks of Thiruvarur district and Nagapattinam district were separated from the Thanjavur District, and formed the Nagapattinam district. 

The total area of Thiruvarur district is 2161 km². Major towns of the district are Thiruvarur, Thiruthuraipoondi, Nachikulam, Muthupettai and Mannargudi.

In the 2011 census of India, Thiruvarur district had a population of 1,264,277. There was a sex-ratio of 1,017 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. Scheduled Castes were 34.08% of the population. Scheduled Tribes were .24% of the population. The average literacy of the district was 74.86%, close to the national average. 

Madurai district

MADURAI district is one of the 32 districts in Tamil Nadu, South India. Madurai district is the second largest district by population. Madurai is the headquarters of this district. It is an important place for making movies.

According to 2011 census of India, Madurai district had a population of 3,038,252. The population was 2,578,201 in the 2001 census. This is a growth rate of 17.95%. The district had a sex-ratio of 990 females for every 1,000 males. This is up from 978 in 2001, and much above the national average of 929.

The district of Madurai has 13 taluks and revenue blocks with the same boundaries and names. They are:


2016 Kaikoura earthquake

The 2016 Kaikoura earthquake was a magnitude 7.8 (M) earthquake in the South Island of New Zealand. It happened two minutes after midnight on 14 November 2016 NZDT (11:02 on 13 November UTC). The epicentre where shaking started was about north-east of Culverden and south-west of the tourist town of Kaikoura. The epicentre was about 15 kilometres deep (9 mi).

The earthquake lasted for more than a minute, and was one of the three largest earthquakes in 2016.

Infobot

Infobot is a Perl IRC bot, first written in 1995 by Kevin Lenzo. The bot's main goal was to remember URLs and associate them with a name, so if someone needed a specific web address they could ask the bot. For this reason, the first Infobot, in the #macintosh channel in the EFnet IRC network, had the nickname 'url'.

The main project is now inactive, many forks from the original program were made, some of which are still active. Many of these forks carry extra features.

Parole

Parole is the release of a prisoner before the end of his or her original sentence. This is based on the prisoner accepting certain conditions. Usually these include remaining on good behavior. They also agree to be monitored for a period of time by a public official called a parole officer. 


Coverture

Coverture is a long-standing legal practice in the United States that comes from the English common law. Coverture holds that a man and a woman are a single legal entity—that of the husband. A married woman loses her own legal obligations and rights, and becomes "covered" by her husband. Traditionally a woman took her husband's last name as a symbol of this identity. A female child was covered by her father's identity. When she married that coverage transferred to her husband. Under this system a woman did not legally exist and did not own anything. 

In the mid-19th century, with the rise of feminism, coverture began to be criticized as being unfair to women. Various laws began to be weakened and eventually done away with. But parts of coverture laws, mainly having to do with the husband being responsible for his wife's debts, lasted into the 1960s in some parts of the U.S.

Form-based interface

A form-based interface is a kind of user interface. In it, the user interacts with the application by selecting one of a number of possible values, and by entering text into the fields that accept it. A word processor which is used to write documents, might offer settings for the font size, the font to use, and the alignment of the paragraph on the page. Many databases support a technology called query by example: Users who do not know SQL can easily select database records which are similar to the information entered.
Other places where form based interface can be use is 
Online application for job, school, college
Bank to fill cash details a
Hospital for filling patients detail. 

Metric space

A metric space is a mathematical concept. It is a set of points with a way to measure the distance between them. This distance is measured by a function called a metric.

Take for example a flat surface, or plane. You can measure distances on it in different ways. Like if you're walking in a city (taxicab metric), you can't walk through buildings, so the distance is how far you walk up and down the streets. This might be longer than if you could walk in a straight line from point to point (Euclidean metric), like a bird might fly. Both are useful in different situations.

The metric can measure physical distance, like on a sphere or in a 3D space. But it can also measure more abstract things. Like how many changes you need to make to turn one word into another (Hamming distance).

Many mathematical objects can be turned into metric spaces because they have a natural way to measure distance. These include things like curved surfaces, vector spaces, and graphs. Even the rational numbers can be turned into a metric space.

Metric spaces can be used in many branches of mathematics. This is because they are so general but also because the concept of distance is very intuitive and common in many contexts.

Metric spaces can also help us understand many basic ideas in mathematical analysis. These include balls, completeness, continuity, and the idea of open and closed sets.

Definition of Metric Space

To be a metric space, a set of points (M) and a metric (d) must follow these rules:


Examples of Metric Spaces


Subspaces

A subset of a metric space can also be a metric space. We just measure distances the same way as in the bigger space. For example, a sphere in a 3D space can be considered a metric space. The distance is just the straight line between two points on the sphere.

Brahmanas

The Brahmanas are a collection of Indian books. The books give more information on the Vedas, the four holiest books of the Hindu religion.

The "Brahmanas" give instructions on the proper performance of rituals. They also explain the original symbolic meanings.

Each Vedic "shakha" (school) has its own "Brahmana". Many "Brahmana" texts existed in ancient India. Most of these have been lost.

Bister, Switzerland

Bister is a municipality of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Bitsch, Switzerland

Bitsch is a municipality in the district of Raron in the Swiss canton of Valais.

Blatten (Lötschen)

Blatten (Lötschen) is a municipality of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Bürchen

Bürchen (Walliser German: "Birchu") is a municipality of the district Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Land of Punt

Land of Punt is a name for a place found in Ancient Egyptian texts. At times it is also called Pwenet or Pwene. People from Ancient Egypt traded with this place from 6.000 BC. It was known for producing and selling gold, aromatic resins, blackwood, ebony, ivory, and wild animals. The region is known from ancient Egyptian texts because people went there to trade. Some teachers of the bible think that it is the same as the biblical land of Put.

At times Punt is called Ta netjer, the "Land of the God".

It is not known where exactly this place was. Most scholars today believe Punt was to the southeast of Egypt, most likely in the coastal region of what is today Somalia, Djibouti, Eritrea, northeast Ethiopia and the Red Sea coast of Sudan. However, some scholars point instead to other ancient writings which say Punt was in the Arabian Peninsula. It is also possible that the territory covered both the Horn of Africa and Southern Arabia. Puntland, the Somali administrative region at the edge of the Horn of Africa, is named in reference to the Land of Punt.

Inhabitants formed three groups which wore different clothing, and hairstyles. They held cattle and lived in stilt houses. Starting from the Nile a caravan could reach Punt in five days. 
A tomb was discovered in the 19th century; however, it was neglected. In 2003, in response to concerns about its deterioration, it was cleaned by British Egyptologists and was found to contain an 22-line inscription with important historical significance. The inscription was made with red paint on the doorway between the two internal chambers.

It records a massive Nubian invasion, aided by peoples from the land of Punt and the Medjay, on the small and fragile 16th or 17th Dynasty city state of Thebes. Sobeknakht II claims to have strengthened El-Kab's defenses, got a fighting force, and launched a counter-attack, which was victorious due to the aid of the vulture-goddess Nekhbet A celebration is attended by an unnamed Egyptian king, and Sobeknakht endows the temple of Nekhbet with "a new sacred barque worked in electrum."

A vessel with Sobeknakht's name was discovered in Sudan, which seems to match the events depicted. It also hints that Sobeknakht's tomb had already been filled and finished by the time of the invasion, and that the red text was added as a late addition to reflect these new events in his life, the corridor being the only remaining space left.

The earliest recorded Egyptian expedition to Punt was organized by Pharaoh Sahure of the Fifth Dynasty (25th century BC). Gold from Punt was in Egypt as early as the time of Pharaoh Khufu of the Fourth Dynasty.

There were more expeditions to Punt in the Sixth, Eleventh, Twelfth and Eighteenth dynasties of Egypt. In the Twelfth Dynasty, trade with Punt was celebrated in popular literature in the "Tale of the Shipwrecked Sailor".

In the Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt, Hatshepsut built a Red Sea fleet to make it easier to trade between the head of the Gulf of Aqaba and south as far as Punt to bring mortuary goods to Karnak in exchange for Nubian gold. Hatshepsut personally made the most famous ancient Egyptian expedition that sailed to Punt. During the reign of Queen Hatshepsut in the 15th century BC, ships regularly crossed the Red Sea in order to get bitumen, copper, carved amulets, naptha and other goods transported overland and down the Dead Sea to Elat at the head of the gulf of Aqaba where they were joined with frankincense and myrrh coming north both by sea and overland along trade routes through the mountains running north along the east coast of the Red Sea.

A report of that five-ship voyage can still be seen on reliefs in Hatshepsut's mortuary temple at Deir el-Bahri. Throughout the temple texts, Hatshepsut "maintains the fiction that her envoy" Chancellor Nehsi, who is mentioned as the head of the expedition, had travelled to Punt "in order to extract tribute from the natives" who admit their allegiance to the Egyptian pharaoh. In reality, Nehsi's expedition was a simple trading mission to a land, Punt, which was by this time a well-established trading post. Moreover, Nehsi's visit to Punt was not so brave since he was "accompanied by at least five shiploads of [Egyptian] marines" and greeted warmly by the chief of Punt and his immediate family. The Puntites "traded not only in their own produce of incense, ebony and short-horned cattle, but [also] in goods from other African states including gold, ivory and animal skins." According to the temple reliefs, the Land of Punt was ruled at that time by King Parahu and Queen Ati. This well illustrated expedition of Hatshepsut occurred in Year 9 of the female pharaoh's reign with the blessing of the god Amun:
The Egyptians were not good at travelling at sea. For them, the travel to Punt must have been similar to modern-day explorers travelling to the moon. But the reward of obtaining frankincense, ebony and myrrh clearly outweighed the risks. Hatshepsut's 18th dynasty successors, such as Thutmose III and Amenhotep III continued the tradition of trading with Punt. The trade with Punt continued into the start of the 20th dynasty. Papyrus Harris I, a contemporary Egyptian document which detailed events that occurred in the reign of the early 20th dynasty king Ramesses III, includes an explicit description of an Egyptian expedition's return from Punt:
After the end of the New Kingdom of Egypt period, Punt became "an unreal and fabulous land of myths and legends."

At times, the ancient Egyptians called Punt "Ta netjer", meaning "God's Land". It was among the regions of the Sun God, that is, the regions in the direction of the sunrise, to the East of Egypt. These eastern regions' resources included products used in temples, notably incense. Older literature (and current non-mainstream literature) said that the label "God's Land" meant that the ancient Egyptians viewed the Land of Punt as their ancestral homeland. W. M. Flinders Petrie believed that the Dynastic Race came from or through Punt and E. A. Wallis Budge said that "Egyptian tradition of the Dynastic Period held that the aboriginal home of the Egyptians was Punt...". The term was not only applied to Punt, located southeast of Egypt, but also to regions of Asia east and northeast of Egypt, such as Lebanon, which was the source of wood for temples.

Queen Ati, shown in the reliefs of Hatshepsut, shows advanced Steatopygia, associated though not limited to Khoi-San people of East and South Africa. It has been suggested that this may be evidence of the survival of Khoi-San cultures since the Sangoan culture in North Eastern Africa prior to the arrival of Cushitic speaking cultures in the region.

The products of Punt (as they are shown in Hatshepsut's temple) are easily found in the Horn of Africa. They are less common or absent in Arabia. For this reason, most scholars think that Punt was in Northeast Africa. These products included gold and aromatic resins such as myrrh, frankincense, and ebony; the wild animals depicted in Punt included giraffes, baboons, Hippopotamus, and leopards. According to Richard Pankhurst: "[Punt] has been identified with territory on both the Arabian and the Horn of Africa coasts. Consideration of the articles which the Egyptians obtained from Punt, notably gold and ivory, suggests, however, that these were primarily of African origin. ... This leads us to suppose that the term Punt probably applied more to African than Arabian territory."

Some scholars disagree with this view and point to a range of ancient inscriptions which locate Punt in Arabia. Dimitri Meeks has written that "Texts locating Punt beyond doubt to the south are in the minority, but they are the only ones cited in the current consensus about the location of the country. Punt, we are told by the Egyptians, is – in relation to the Nile Valley – both to the north, in contact with the countries of the Near East of the Mediterranean area, and also to the east or south-east, while its furthest borders are far away to the south. Only the Arabian Peninsula satisfies all these indications."

In 2010, a genetic study was conducted on the mummified remains of baboons that were brought back from Punt by the ancient Egyptians. Led by a research team from the Egyptian Museum and the University of California, the scientists used oxygen isotope analysis to examine hairs from two baboon mummies that had been preserved in the British Museum. One of the baboons had distorted isotopic data, so the other's oxygen isotope values were compared to those of modern-day baboon specimens. The researchers at first found that the mummies most closely matched modern specimens seen in Eritrea and Ethiopia as opposed to those in neighbouring Somalia, with the Ethiopian specimens "basically due west from Eritrea". The team did not have the opportunity to compare the mummies with baboons in Yemen. The scientists believed that such an analysis would yield similar results since, according to them, regional isotopic maps suggest that baboons in Yemen would closely resemble those in Somalia. Professor Dominy, one of the lead researchers, concluded from this that "we think Punt is a sort of circumscribed region that includes eastern Ethiopia and all of Eritrea." In 2015, the scientists conducted a followup study to confirm their initial findings, and concluded that "our results reveal a high likelihood match with eastern Somalia and the Eritrea-Ethiopia corridor, suggesting that this region was the source of Papio hamadryas exported to Ancient Egypt."





Eischoll

Eischoll (Walliser German: "Eyschol") is a municipality of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Ferden

Ferden is a municipality of the district Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Filet, Switzerland

Filet was a municipality, in the new municipality of Mörel-Filet and the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Grengiols

Grengiols is a municipality of the district of Raron of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Sihlbrugg

Sihlbrugg is a village in the municipality of Baar (ZG), Hausen am Albis (ZH), Hirzel (ZH) and Neuheim (ZG) in the canton of Zug and Zurich in Switzerland.

Mülenen

Mülenen is a village in the municipality of Reichenbach im Kandertal in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Auressio

Auressio is a village and former municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

In 2001 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Berzona and Loco to form a new and larger municipality Isorno.

Dumbarton

Dumbarton (Dùn Breatainn or 'fort of the Britons'} is a town in West Dunbartonshire, Scotland. It is on the north bank of the River Clyde where the River Leven flows into the Clyde estuary. In 2006, it had an estimated population of 19,990.

Dumbarton was the capital of the ancient Kingdom of Alclud, and later the county town of Dunbartonshire.
Dumbarton Castle, on top of Dumbarton Rock, dominates the area. Dumbarton was a Royal burgh between 1222 and 1975.

Dumbarton became a centre for shipbuilding, glassmaking, and whisky production. However, these industries have declined. Dumbarton today is more a commuter town for Glasgow east-southeast of it. Dumbarton F.C. is the local football club.

Roy Cooper

Roy Asberry Cooper III (born June 13, 1957) is an American politician. He is currently the 75th Governor of North Carolina. He served as the Attorney General of North Carolina from 2001 to 2017. He was a member of the North Carolina State Senate. Cooper is a member of the North Carolina Democratic Party. 

He ran for Governor of North Carolina in the 2016 election against incumbent Pat McCrory. On December 5, McCrory conceded the election, making Cooper the first challenger to defeat a sitting governor in North Carolina since 1850. Cooper took office as the 75th governor of North Carolina on January 1, 2017. The Republican-dominated legislature passed bills in a special session before he took office to reduce his power. The legislature has overridden several of his vetoes of legislation. He was reelected in 2020 against his own lieutenant, Dan Forest.

Marne (river)

The Marne is a river in France. It is a right tributary of the Seine in the area east and southeast of Paris. Four departments are named after it: Haute-Marne, Marne, Seine-et-Marne and Val-de-Marne.

The Marne is famous as the place of two battles during the First World War, the first in 1914 and the second in 1918.

The Marne river has a length of , one of the longest in France, and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Gournay-sur-Marne in the Seine-Saint-Denis department, for a period of 44 years.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Gournay-sur-Marne
The source of the Marne river is in the "Plateau de Langres", in the "commune" of Balesmes-sur-Marne, at an altitude of about , in the Haute-Marne department. It flows generally to the north then turns to the west between Saint-Dizier and Châlons-en-Champagne.

The Marne river flows through 3 regions, 7 departments and 218 "communes". It flows through the following "communes", among others:

Finally, it flows into the Seine river between Charenton-le-Pont and Alfortville in the Val-de-Marne department, in the area of Paris.

The main tributaries of the Marne river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

During the 19th and 20th centuries the Marne inspired many painters: some of them are:


Wilbur Ross

Wilbur Louis Ross, Jr. (born November 28, 1937) is an American politician, investor, businessman and former banker. Ross was the 39th United States Secretary of Commerce from February 28, 2017 to January 20, 2021

Ross is known as the "King of Bankruptcy” for his experience in buying bankrupt companies, primarily in the manufacturing and steel industries, and later selling them for a large profit after operations improve. He was known for restructuring failed companies in industries such as steel, coal, telecommunications, foreign investment and textiles.

Ross was born on November 28, 1937 in Weehawken, New Jersey. He grew up in suburban New Jersey. His father, Wilbur Louis Ross, Sr., was a lawyer who later became a judge, and his mother, Agnes (O'Neill), was a school teacher.

Ross earned his B.A. degree from Yale University and M.B.A. degree at Harvard University.

In 2002, Ross founded International Steel Group after purchasing the assets of several bankrupt steel companies.

Ross had support of the local Steelworkers Union, negotiating a deal with them to "save" Pennsylvania's steel industry. Leo Gerard, international president of the United Steelworkers union stated about Ross that "he was open and accessible and candid and honest and he put a lot of money back into the mills, so literally tens of thousands of jobs were saved." Ross sold International Steel Group to Mittal Steel Company for $4.5 billion, half in cash and half in stock, in April 2005.

Ross combined Burlington Industries and Cone Mills in 2004 to form International Textile Group. ITG operates five businesses, all of which operate under separate brand names: Cone Denim, Burlington Apparel Fabrics, Home Furnishings, Carlisle Finishing and Nano-Tex. In 2005, Ross purchased 77.3% of Safety Components International for $51.2 million. In 2006, Ross merged the firm into his International Textile Group.

Ross founded the International Coal Group, which was formed after several coal companies went bankrupt. The United Mine Workers of America protested the bankruptcy reorganization as it led to changes in health care and pensions for the existing employees.

On November 24, 2016, it was reported by the Associated Press that Ross will be tapped for United States Secretary of Commerce by the incoming Trump Administration. The Trump transition team confirmed the intent to nominate him on November 30, 2016.

Ross was confirmed by the United States senate on February 27, 2017 by a 72-27 vote from the United States senate. He was sworn in by Vice President Mike Pence the next day.

In November 2017, a leaked database of documents known as the Paradise Papers revealed that after becoming commerce secretary, Ross had investments in a Navigator Holdings he once controlled that has significant business ties to Russia which was subject to American sanctions and President Vladimir Putin’s son-in-law.

Ross married Judith Nodine in 1961. They had two daughters. Ross and Nodine divorced in 1995. His second wife was former New York Lt. Governor Betsy McCaughey. They married in 1995 and divorced in 2000.

On October 9, 2004, Ross married his third wife, Hilary Geary, a society writer for "Quest" magazine.

He now lives in Palm Beach, Florida and Washington, D.C.


Elaine Chao

Elaine Lan Chao-McConnell (; born March 26, 1953) is an American politician. She was the 18th United States Secretary of Transportation from January 31, 2017 to January 11, 2021 during the Donald Trump administration.

She served as the 24th United States Secretary of Labor under President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2009, and Deputy Secretary of Transportation under President George H. W. Bush. She was the first Asian-American woman and the first Taiwanese American in U.S. history to be appointed to a U.S. president's cabinet.

Chao was born in Taipei, Taiwan. Her parents were Ruth Mulan Chu Chao (1930–2007) and James S. C. Chao (born 1927). Her parents immigrated to the United States in 1961. She studied at Mount Holyoke College in Massachusetts and at Harvard University.

Chao was the only cabinet member in the George W. Bush administration to serve for the entirety of his eight years. She was also the longest-serving Secretary of Labor since Frances Perkins, who served from 1933 to 1945, under President Franklin D. Roosevelt.

On November 29, 2016, it was announced that President-elect Donald Trump planned to nominate Chao for Secretary of Transportation when he takes office.

On January 31, 2017, the United States Senate confirmed Chao's nomination with a 93-6 vote. She assumed office on the same day, with Vice President Mike Pence swearing her in.

Following the 2021 United States Capitol attack, Chao announced her resignation as Secretary of Transportation on January 7, 2021. She resigned on January 11, 2021.

Chao is married to Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky.


Tom Price

Thomas Edmunds "Tom" Price (born October 8, 1954) is an American physician and politician. He is the 23rd United States Secretary of Health and Human Services serving from February 10, 2017 to September 29, 2017. 

Price was U.S. Representative for , serving from 2005 through 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party. He formerly served as chairman of the Republican Study Committee and the Republican Policy Committee.

Price was born in Lansing, Michigan. He was raised in Dearborn, Michigan. He studied at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. He moved to Atlanta, Georgia in the 1980s.

Price served as a United States representative from 2005 through 2017. Price's district served the northern suburbs of Atlanta. Price served as chairman of the House Budget Committee.

On November 29, 2016, it was announced that Price would be nominated for Secretary of Health and Human Services by President-elect Donald Trump when he takes office.

On February 1, 2017, the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee approved his nomination by a vote of 11-0 with all Democrats boycotting the vote, sending the nomination to the Senate floor. On February 10, the Senate confirmed Price in an 52-47 vote.

In March 2017, Price endorsed the American Health Care Act, a bill proposed by House Republicans that would repeal the individual mandate and make several other major changes to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.

In a series of reports in September 2017, "Politico" reported that since May 2017, Price had expended more than $1 million of Department funds for his own travel on private charter jets and military aircraft. Many of the flights were between cities that are easily accessible by train or car and have frequent, low-cost commercial airline service.

On September 29, 2017, Price resigned, becoming the shortest tenured Secretary of Health and Human Services.

Price is married to Betty Price. They have one son together. Price is a Presbyterian. 


James Mattis

James Norman "Mad Dog" Mattis (born September 8, 1950) is a retired United States Marine Corps general and was the 26th United States Secretary of Defense. On January 20, 2017, the United States Senate confirmed Mattis' nomination as Defense secretary with a 98-1 vote. He last served as the 11th Commander of United States Central Command from August 11, 2010 to March 22, 2013.

On December 20, 2018, Mattis announced his plans to retire on February 28, 2019. However after reading his resignation letter criticizing Trump's treatment of American allies, Trump ordered Mattis fired on December 31, 2018.

Mattis was born on September 8, 1950, in Pullman, Washington. He was raised in Richland, Washington. Mattis earned a BA degree in history from Central Washington University in 1971.

Mattis is known for carrying out the COIN strategy. Before President Obama appointed him to replace General Petraeus on August 11, 2010, he commanded United States Joint Forces Command from November 9, 2007 to August 2010 and served as NATO's Supreme Allied Commander Transformation from November 9, 2007 to September 8, 2009 at the same time. Prior to that, he commanded I Marine Expeditionary Force, United States Marine Forces Central Command, and 1st Marine Division during the Iraq War.

On December 1, 2016, President-elect Donald Trump announced that Mattis would be nominated to serve as United States Secretary of Defense in the coming administration. He was confirmed by the United States Senate with a 98-1 vote. On the same day, he was sworn-in by Vice President Mike Pence.

On April 5, 2017, Mattis called the Khan Shaykhun chemical attack "a heinous act" and said it would be treated accordingly. On April 10, Mattis warned the Syrian government against using chemical weapons again.

Mattis has voiced support for a Saudi Arabian–led military campaign against Yemen's Shiite rebels. He asked Trump to remove restrictions on U.S. military support for Saudi Arabia.

Mattis insisted that the U.S. would remain in Syria following the defeat of ISIS to ensure they did not regroup. However, Trump announced the U.S. withdrawal from Syria on December 19. The next day, Mattis submitted his resignation after failing to persuade Trump to reconsider. In his resignation letter, Mattis criticized Trump for not respecting allied nations while criticizing China and Russia's authoritarian rule. In response to the letter, Trump ordered Mattis' firing on January 1, nearly two months earlier than Mattis planned leaving office.

Mattis is a lifelong bachelor who has never been married and has no children. He is nicknamed "The Warrior Monk" because of his bachelor life and lifelong devotion to the study of war.


Bernardo Bertolucci

Bernardo Bertolucci (; 16 March 1940 – 26 November 2018) was an Italian director and screenwriter. His most well known works were "The Conformist", "Last Tango in Paris", "1900", "The Last Emperor", "The Sheltering Sky", "Stealing Beauty" and "The Dreamers". 

For "The Last Emperor", he won two Academy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards (for directing and screenplay).

In 1979, he was married to screenwriter Clare Peploe. until 2018.

Bertolucci died in Rome on 26 November 2018, at the age of 77 of lung cancer.

Giuseppe Caselli

Giuseppe Guglielmo Umberto Caselli (July 5, 1893 – December 19, 1976) was an Italian painter. He studied under Felice Del Santo and Antonio Discovolo. In 1913, Caselli was imprisoned in a concentration camp in Austria. After that, he studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Florence. In 1938 he participated in the "Premio del Golfo (Gulf Award)", organized by Filippo Tommaso Marinetti.

Caselli was one of the best known painters from La Spezia. He painted thousands of works during his long career. In his paintings, Caselli showed the life of La Spezia. He painted the life in the Cinque Terre ("Five Lands"), a portion of coast on the Italian Riviera.




Sultan Rahi

Sultan Muhammad (generally recognized as Sultan Rahi) was born in a Muslim arain family of Saharanpur in 1938 Uttar Pradesh, British India. He was a famous Pakistani film actor who was well-known in Pakistan in Punjabi & Urdu films during the 1970s and 1980s till 1996. He was mostly admired among people in Punjab, Pakistan and among Sikh and Punjabi community of India. 

He acted in over 700 Punjabi and Urdu films, and is named in the Guinness Book of Records as the most creative actor. His popular films include: Maula Jatt, Sher Khan, Chan Veryam, Dada, Qanoon, Kaley Chore, and The Godfather. He started his film career as an extra but quickly became a leading actor and in 1972.

Burly Pakistani actor Sultan Rahi specialized in playing superheroes and muscle men. Over his career, which began with his playing bit parts in the late '50s, Sultan appeared in more than 700 Punjabi films. He became a leading man in 1971 in Babul and a star the following year in Bashira. Born, Muhammad Sultan in India, Rahi moved to Pakistan at age nine.

Rahi was shot dead on 9 January 1996 in Gujranwala, Pakistan.

Meenakshi Temple

Madurai Meenakshi Amman temple is a ancient historic Hindu temple on the southern bank of the Vaigai River in the temple city of Madurai, Tamil Nadu, India. It is dedicated to Goddess Meenakshi, and Sundareswarar (Shiva).

The temple is in the center of 2,500-year-old city of Madurai and is a significant symbol for the Tamil people. Though most of the present structure was built between 1623 and 1655 CE. It is said that the temple was originally built in the 6th century BC by survivors of the Kumari Kandam. In the 14th century, the Sultanate Muslim Commander Malik Kafur plundered the temple and looted it of its valuables. It was rebuilt by the Nayak ruler Vishwanatha Nayakar around the 16th century. It houses 14 "gopurams" (gateway towers), ranging from 45–50m in height. The tallest is the southern tower, high, and two golden sculptured "vimanas", the shrines over the "garbhagrihas" (sanctums) of the main deities.

The temple attracts 15,000 visitors a day, around 25,000 on Fridays, and receives an annual revenue of 60 million. There are an estimated 33,000 sculptures in the temple. It was on the list of top 30 nominees for the "New Seven Wonders of the World". The temple is the most prominent landmark and most visited tourist attraction in the city. The annual of 10-days Meenakshi Tirukalyanam festival, is celebrated during April and May, attracts 1 million visitors.


2015 South Indian floods

2015 South Indian floods is a disaster happened in South India.The heavy floods were resulted due to heavy rainfall by the annual northeast monsoon in November–December 2015.The mainly affected regions are Coromandel Coast region of the South Indian states of Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, and the union territory of Puducherry and especially the most devastated area, the city of Chennai. More than 500 people were killed and over 18 lakh (1.8 million) people were displaced.

From October to December each year, a very large area of south India, including Tamil Nadu, the coastal regions of Andhra Pradesh and the union territory of Puducherry, receives up to 30 percent of its annual rainfall from the northeast monsoon (or winter monsoon). The northeast monsoon is the result of the annual gradual retreat of monsoonal rains from northeastern India.

On 8 November 2015, during the 2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, a low pressure area consolidated into a depression and slowly intensified into a deep depression before crossing the coast of Tamil Nadu near Puducherry the following day.On 15 November, well-marked low pressure area moved northwards along the Tamil Nadu coast, dropping huge amounts of rainfall over coastal Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh with 24‑hour totals peaking at 370 mm in Ponneri. Chennai International Airport recorded 266 mm of rainfall in 24 hours. On 28–29 November, another system developed and arrived over Tamil Nadu on 30 November, bringing additional rain and flooding. The system dropped 490 mm of rainfall at Tambaram in 24 hours starting 8:30 am on 1 December. Very heavy rains led to flooding across the entire stretch of coast from Chennai to Cuddalore.
Between 9–10 November 2015, Neyveli received of rainfall; rains continued to downpour in Cuddalore, Chidambaram and Chennai. Continuing rains led to low-lying parts of Chennai becoming sunk by 13 November, resulting in the evacuation of over 1000 people from their homes. The flooding in Chennai city was worsened by years of illegal development and inadequate levels of flood preparedness. 

The flooding in Chennai city was described as the worst in a century. The continued rains led to schools and colleges remaining closed across Puducherry and Chennai, Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur districts in Tamil Nadu and fishermen were warned against sailing because of high waters and rough seas.these floods caused a large amount of destruction in the southeren area

Puducherry sustained relatively minor damage in November as the depression largely remained offshore; some trees were downed and several banana and sugarcane plantations at Kutchipalayam were severely damaged. Puducherry reported receiving 55.7 mm of rainfall over the 24-hour period from 14–15 November. Water entered several houses in low-lying areas, while three houses collapsed in Uppalam. 
On 5 December, the territorial government announced that nearly 9,000 hectares of paddy fields had been damaged by torrential rainfall, including 4,420 hectares of paddy fields in Puducherry,4,248.34 hectares in Karaikal and 287.15 hectares in Yanam. The government also reported 1,544 hectares of sugercane fields under cultivation had been damaged, along with 297.73 hectares of plantains, 231.9 hectares of tapioca and related tubers, 168.10 hectares of vegetable fields and eight hectares under betel-leaf cultivation. Proposed compensation rates would be as follows: per hectare for betel-leaf losses, ) per hectare for plantains, ) per hectare for paddy fields and ) per hectare for losses of vegetables, tapioca, tubers and sugercane. Compensation scales had also been set for losses of cotton, lentils and flowers.
Supplies of basic necessities, including milk, water and vegetables, were affected due to logistical difficulties. During the December floods in Chennai and the adjoining areas, milk packets sold for , five times more than their usual cost. Water bottles and cans were sold at prices between to . Vegetables were sold at least to over and above their normal average cost at the wholesale level.

Apart from basic necessities, fuel supplies and travel were greatly affected, especially in Chennai.In Chennai, over 1.5 lakh (150,000) street vendors sustained losses of over . The persistent rainfall and flooding forced several major automakers in the region, including Ford, Renault, Nissan and Daimler AG, to temporarily halt production, resulting in estimated losses of up to . 

Cuddalore

Cuddaloreis a city which is the headquarters of the Cuddalore district in the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu.After the fall of Cholas, the town was ruled by various dynasties like Pandyas, Vijayanagar Empire, Madurai Nayaks, Thanjavur Nayaks, Thajavur Marathas, Tipu Sultan, French and the British Empire. Cuddalore was the scene of Seven Years' War and the Battle of Cuddalore in 1758 between the French and British. It has been a part of independent India since 1947. During the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, Cuddalore was one of the affected towns, with 572 casualties.

Apart from fishing and port related industries, Cuddalore houses chemical, pharmacological and energy industries in SIPCOT, an industrial estate set up by the state government. The town is administered by a special-grade municipality covering an area of and had a population of 173,676 in 2011. Cuddalore is a part of the Cuddalore legislative assembly constituency which is a part of the Cuddalore Lok Sabha constituency. There are a total of nine schools, two arts and science colleges and two engineering colleges in the town. There is one government hospital, six municipal maternity homes and 37 other private hospitals that take care of the healthcare needs of the citizens. Roadways are the major means of transportation, while the town also has rail connectivity. The nearest airport is Chennai International Airport, located away from the town. The nearest major seaport is Karaikal port, located away from the town.

Cuddalore is located at . It has an average elevation of . The land is completely flat with large deposits of black and alluvial soil inland and coarse sand near the seashore. The sandstone deposits in the town are popular. The Pennayar river runs north of the town, while Gadilam river runs across it. Cuddalore is situated at a distance of from the state capital Chennai and from Puducherry, the neighbouring union territory. The nearest airport is at Chennai, kilometres from Cuddalore. According to 2011 census, Cuddalore had a population of 173,636 with a sex-ratio of 1,026 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. A total of 17,403 were under the age of six, constituting 8,869 males and 8,534 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 13.22% and .3% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the city was 78.92%, compared to the national average of 72.99%.

Adyar River

Adyar River is one of the two rivers that flows in Chennai. It originates near the Chembarambakkam Lake, Kanchipuram district.The long river contributes to the estuarine ecosystem of Chennai. Despite the high pollution levels, boating and fishing take place in this river. The river collects surplus water from about 200 tanks and lakes, small streams and the rainwater drains in the city, with a combined catchment area of . Most of the waste from the city is drained into this river and the Cooum River.

Adyar river starts from Malaipattu tank near Manimangalam village in Sriperumbudur Taluk at about west of Tambaram near Chennai. It starts to appear as a stream only from the point where water from Chembarambakkam lake joins the river. It flows through Kancheepuram, Tiruvallur and Chennai district for about before joining the Bay of Bengal in Adyar, Chennai. Here it forms an estuary, which extends from the Adyar Bridge to the sandbar at the edge of the sea, with some small islets in-between. The estuary attracts a wide variety of birds. The estuary covering an area of about was made a protected wildlife reserve in 1987. The river forms a backwater near the mouth, known as the Adyar creek, due to the formation of sand bar at the mouth. This creek is a natural channel which carries tidal water back into the sea.

The river is almost stagnant except during the rain season. Rapid industrialisation and urbanisation has led to severe contamination of this river. However, the river gets just 10 per cent of the untreated sewage being let into the three principle waterways of Chennai daily, with the other two, namely, the Buckingham Canal and the Cooum River, taking the major share (60 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively).
The problem of sedimentation was not severe as the Adyar's width near Thiru.Vi.Ka. Bridge is nearly that enabled tidal effect into the waterway for about . However, it was essential to provide groynes to keep the river mouth open for adequate width and prevent inundation during monsoon. In 2011, the Water Resources Department (WRD) proposed to construct groynes to reduce formation of sand bars near the mouth the river.In 2012, the state government allotted 3,000 million towards construction of 337 sewage cleaning systems in the waterways in the city, including 49 locations in the Adyar river. Others include 105 points in Cooum river and 183 locations in the Buckingham Canal.

Cooum River

Cooum River is the shortest river draining into the Bay of Bengal. This river is about 72 km in length, flowing 32 km in the Urban part and the rest in rural part. The river is highly polluted in the urban area (Chennai). Along with the Adyar River running parallel to the south, the river trifurcates the city and separates Northern Chennai from Central Chennai.

Its source is in a place by the same name 'Cooum' or 'Koovam' in Tiruvallur district adjoining Chennai district. Owing to intensive use of surface water upstream for agriculture, indiscriminate pumping of groundwater leading to reduced base flow in the river, formation of sand bar at the mouth of the river, discharge of untreated sewage and industrial effluents and encroachment along the banks, the river, especially the downstream, has been highly polluted.

Hugues Quiéret

Hugues Quiéret was a French naval commander who played a major role at the Battle of Sluys.

Hamamatsu festival

Hamamatsu Festival (浜松まつり) is a festival held in Hamamatsu, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan, on May 3 to 5 every year. The Hamamatsu festival is not a religious festival but a city festival. In Japan, May 3 to 5 is a holiday called Golden week. Golden week is the longest national holiday in Japan. May 3 is Constitution Memorial Day, May 4 is Greenery Day, and May 5 is Children's Day. During the festival, people who live in each ward celebrate children, especially baby boys, and local restaurants pray for success and prosperity.

The first Hamamatsu festival was held in 1558 to celebrate the birth of the son of the lord of Hamamatsu castle. The lord and his close advisers flew a kite with the son's name written on it. In the middle of the Edo era (1603~1868), not only in Hamamatsu but also all over Japan, it became popular to fly kites on the Children's Day (May 5). On that day, Japanese people usually celebrate and pray for boys' growth, good health, and bright futures.

The Hamamatsu festival is famous for its large kites. At 11 am on May 3, more than 100 large kites fly in the sky. The kite holders stand at the Nakataima Sand Dunes and release them all at the same time, signaled by a trumpet call. The Nakatajima Sand Dunes, is one of three largest sand dune areas in Japan. The Nakatajima Dunes overlook Enshu-nada sea, so the place has the strong winds needed for flying kites. The kites are decorated with baby boys' names and marks or designs of each town ("chō)". People believe that the higher the kites fly, the healthier the baby boys grow up.

Participants in each town also fight using the kites: They intertwine the 5 mm thick kite strings and use the friction to cut their opponents' kite strings. This kite festival is held for three days in the daytime.

At night, there is a parade. The parade has 83 palace-like parade floats in the center of Hamamatsu. Parade floats are large, movable carts covered in scenery or sculptures. Each small town has one float. Girls ride on the floats and play traditional music using Japanese instruments like taiko drums, shinobue flutes, and bells. Other children, their families, and people who live in the town also carry a floats around the area. The audience watches the parade from the side of the road.

Wat Yai Chai Mongkhon

Wat yai chai mongkhon is a Buddhist temple in Ayutthaya, Thailand. built in 1357. It is the most important temple in Ayutthaya. It is a historical landmark and a popular tourist attraction.

Hyeokgeose

Hyeokgeose () was the first king of Silla (신라), a the kingdom of ancient south-west Korea, from B.C. 57 to B.C. 935.

In B.C. 69, six village chiefs gathered with their children and announced that “We have been living disorderly. It because we do not have a Great Chief on our villages. So, let’s set someone on the throne who is a virtuous person and found a nation.” At that time, they found the strange light looked like thunderbolt on Yang-san (양산) .

When they climbed the mountain to observe the light, The light went up to the sky at Najung (난정), the foot of Yang-san. And They found a white horse that was bowing. The horse flew up to the sky after it howled a long time. As soon as it left, they looked through the place and they found a big purple egg. The people broke the egg, and they reached out one boy who looked nice and beautiful. When people washed him at Dongchun (동천), his body shines and birds and beasts came to dance and sing. Also the sky and the earth shook and the sun and the moon became clear. After then, people named him King Hyeokgeose, meaning bright ruler.

When the son of the sky came down to the earth, he suggested that Hyeokgeose has to find good wife for him. At that time, Gyeryong (계룡), which is a dragon looked like rooster, came down from the sky to Alyeong-jung (알영정) in Sarang-ri (사량리) and bore a beautiful girl who had chicken beak under the dragon’s left rib. When people moved and washed her at Bookchun (북천) in Walsung (월성), the beak chipped off. So the people called the place Balchun (발천) and named her Alyeong.

The people built up the palace at the foot of South mountain and brought up two babies, who are Hyeokgeose and his wife to be a prince and princess.

After 61 years from he start to rule the country, he flew up to heaven. After seven days, the ashes of his body fell to the earth and scattered, and the soul of his queen ascended to join him in paradise. All the people cried the ashes of their great king and queen. So they tried to bury them in the same tomb, but a big snake showed up and protected the ashes. So the royal remains of each were divided into five parts and interred in pairs in the Northern Mausoleum, within the precincts of a temple called Tamom-sa (담엄사). The people called these the Five Mausoleums, or Sa-ning (Tomb of the Snake;사능). The Crown Prince succeeded to the throne and was given the title Namhae-wang.

The prince was crowned king with Princess Alyeong. The country at that time was called Sorabol (서라벌) in native language. The name Silla was not used until a later time. during the reign of Kaerim-guk (계림국). The Great Chief of the Park family founded the kingdom of Silla and ruled over it for sixty-two years

Since the prince had been born from an egg in the shape of the gourd called "park" in the native tongue, they gave him the family name Park (박). The princess was named Alyeong (알영) after the well where she was born.

Selenocysteine

Selenocysteine is the 21st protein-building amino acid. It is almost the same as cysteine, but a selenium atom replaces the sulfur atom.

Hohtenn

Hohtenn is a village and former municipality of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Hohtenn and Steg merged into the new municipality of Steg-Hohtenn.

Kippel

Kippel is a municipality of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Animal track

An animal track is the imprint left behind in soil, snow, mud, or other ground surfaces that an animal walks across. 

Animal tracks are used by hunters to track their prey, and by naturalists to identify animals living in an area.

Tracks can be fossilized over millions of years. It is for this reason we are able to see fossilized dinosaur tracks in some types of rock formations. These types of fossils are called trace fossils since they are a trace of an animal left behind rather than the animal itself. In paleontology, tracks often preserve as sandstone infill, forming a natural mold of the track.


Confederate States Congress

The Congress of the Confederate States was the legislative body of the Confederate States of America. It existed during the American Civil War from 1861 to 1865. Like the United States Congress, the Confederate Congress consisted of two parts. The upper house was the Senate. It was made up of two senators from each state who were chosen by their state legislatures. The lower house was called the House of Representatives. Its members were elected by the citizens of the individual states. 

On February 4, 1861, the Provisional Congress met at Montgomery, Alabama. Representatives of each state were appointed by their state secession conventions. The session ended on February 17, 1862 which also ended the Provisional Congress.

On February 18, 1862 the first congress held its first session. After four sessions, the congress adjourned "sine die" (without setting a day for another meeting) exactly two years later.

The Second Congress met for two sessions before the end of the war. Its last session ended on March 18, 1865.

The first act of the Confederate Congress was to keep in force all laws of the United States which did not conflict with the Confederate States Constitution. 

The Confederate States Constitution, however, was not adopted until March 11, 1861. It was almost the same as the United States Constitution but with a few changes. These included the President of the Confederate States of America, Jefferson Davis, having a line-item veto. The president served only one six-year term and could not be voted president again. Members of the president's cabinet also served as non-voting members of Congress.

The central government of the Confederacy, the president and the Congress, could not make laws that overruled those of the individual Confederate states. The Confederacy did not have a Supreme Court because no agreement was ever reached on how it would work. Because the Confederate government was limited, they could not raise much money. States could and sometimes did refuse to send their militias if they felt they were needed in their own state. Congress was not able to control inflation and as prices went up drastically there were food riots in the South including the Capital city of Richmond, Virginia.

While during this time the United States Congress made a great number of changes in U.S. law. At the same time, the Confederate Congress was just trying to keep the Confederacy alive and working. Of the many acts passed was the first military draft passed in 1862. They also approved black men as soldiers in March of 1865. It had been debated for some time as it became apparent the South could lose the war. About this same time, in 1864, the Confederate Congress was in a near-panic. The Army needed more soldiers. Among the resolutions was for members of Congress to join the military and fight. Another resolution was to exempt men over the age of 50 from military service. This included most of the members of Congress. Others wanted to Congress to leave Richmond and find a place of safety. While the Confederate Congress debated, the Union Army was pushing closer and closer to Richmond. At the same time, Sherman's March to the Sea was pushing towards Atlanta, Georgia.


The Bridge (poem)

The Bridge is a long poem by American author Hart Crane. The work was published for the first time in 1930. It was intended by the poet to be a modern epic poem. The poem has fifteen parts. Many of them are about New York City. The best-known part of the poem is its introductory part named "To Brooklyn Bridge". "The Bridge" is considered to be Hart Crane's most ambitious undertaking. It is sometimes, however, called a failure, too.

Hart Crane is a modern poet. But in this poem he used mostly iambic pentameter. This iambic pentameter is usually unrhymed (blank verse), but sometimes rhymed.

<poem>
"And Thee, across the harbor, silver paced"
"As though the sun took step of thee yet left"
"Some motion ever unspent in thy stride,—"
"Implicitly thy freedom staying thee!"
</poem>

Hart Crane is known for his attention to the sounds of language. He used alliteration, rhymes and internal assonance. The assonance, that is repeating of the same vowel, can be found in this strophe. The sound [i] occurs in many accented syllables in it.

<poem>
"How many dawns, chill from his rippling rest"
"The seagull’s wings shall dip and pivot him,"
"Shedding white rings of tumult, building high"
"Over the chained bay waters Liberty —"
</poem>

Alliteration, that is repeating of the same consonant, should be noticed in the next strophe.

<poem>
"O harp and altar, of the fury fused,"
"(How could mere toil align thy choiring strings!)"
"Terrific threshold of the prophet’s pledge,"
"Prayer of pariah, and the lover’s cry,"
</poem>


Postal codes in Switzerland and Liechtenstein

This page is a summary of the postal codes of Switzerland and Liechtenstein.

The countries use 4 numbers in their postal code. The numbers are sorted by location. 




Nendeln

Nendeln is a village in Liechtenstein. It is in the municipality of Eschen.

The village is in north-central Liechtenstein. It is on the main road Schaan-Schaanwald. The road links Liechtenstein with Buchs, Switzerland and Feldkirch, Austria.

Schaanwald

Schaanwald is a village of Liechtenstein. It is in the municipality of Mauren.

The village is in north-central Liechtenstein. It is on the main road that links Liechtenstein with Buchs, Switzerland and Feldkirch, Austria.


Connor McDavid

Connor McDavid (born January 13, 1997) is a Canadian ice hockey centre and captain for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL).

American Eskimo Dog

The American Eskimo dog is a small breed of companion dog originating in Germany. The hair of American Eskimo dog is snowy white. Their hair also is long and thick, pure and luster, agile and flexible. American Eskimo belongs to the Spitz family. And all these breeds are from German Spitz. During the First World War, this breed was renamed “American Eskimo Dog.” There are three sizes of American Eskimo breed: toy, miniature and standard. The average lifespan of American Eskimo Dog is 12–15 years.

The best living places that are suit for American Eskimo Dog is active singles and seniors, apartments, family with children, houses with yards. This breed loves playing with human and it is very friendly with the children and stranger. Also, the nickname of American Eskimo Dog is “Eskie”.

In the mid nineteenth century, the American Eskimo Dog was discovered in German colonial area in the United States. These dogs belong to the breed of German Spitz that came over from Europe with immigrants. Their early name is American Spitz. The American Eskimo Dog was famed in the United States at the end of nineteenth Century. In 1917, these dogs were renamed from American Spitz to American Eskimo Dog. (Even though their name does not have connection with American Eskimo culture.) They used to be watchdogs on farms to protect people's property. But at the end of nineteenth Century, the American Eskimo Dog prevailed in the circus.They  attracted a lot of people’ s attention because of their white coat, innate intelligence, trainability and amazing agility. Later, the American Eskimo Dog has become the first choice for household.

The American Eskimo Dog is full of vitality. They can make people who are around them feel happy. This breed wants to run, play, learn new tasks and solve problems. They are great watchdog that are always vigilant. But this breed loves barking. If you leave your dog at home by itself, it will bark whole day. Your neighbors may complain because of barking. You can’t train the barking out of the Eskie, but you can teach them a stop barking command. American Eskimo Dogs need companionship, and if they stay alone, they will feel very dysphoric.

Because this breed likes sports, the dog needs to have plenty of exercise every day. A lot of exercise can keep their health and make them happy. The toy and miniature sizes can be fed in apartments, but the standard sizes may need a yard or enough space to run.

Machalilla National Park

Machalilla National Park is an Ecuadorian  park. It is located in  the Pacific West coast of Ecuador in South America. It is in the province of Manabí. Machalilla National Park was declared by Minister of Environment  of Ecuador  as a  park  and natural preserve area on July 26, 1979. It was officially registered on November 20 of the same year. In 1990 the Ramsar Convention on Westlands named as a Ramsar site, which is a place where animals come to breed. The land part  is 56.184 hectares and the water part is 14.430 nautical miles.

Machalilla National Park is located at  the Pacific West coast of Ecuador in South America. It is in the province of Manabí at the river banks of the Ayampe River. Nearest towns are Puerto Lopez and Pajan.

Machalilla National Park  has three areas: the north sector, the south area and Isla de la Plata. The north sector covers  Puerto Cayo area, 3 km parallel to the coast. The south sector covers Puerto Lopez and Island Salango, and the third  area is The Isla de la Plata. It  is 40 km offshore from Ecuador continental.

There are 7 rivers that cross the Machalilla National Park  territory the Jipijapa, Salitre, Seco, Punteros, Buena Vista, Piñas, and Ayampe.

The weather is tropical to subtropical. It has a very dry climate and there is rarely any rainfall.  It rains an average of 161 mm to 1,120 mm per year. The temperature varies from 23 °C to 25 °C and remains the same year round.

The plans that grow in this area are; dry coast shrubland, some ferns, cactus (opuntia) ,palo santo trees , kapok trees and algarrobo trees.

The diversity within Machalilla National Park includes; sea turtles, fishes, part of the coral reefs ecosystem, dolphins, stingrays and sea lions at “Isla de la Plata”.  Humpback whales visit the coast of Manabi to breed; from June to September.  There are quite rare animals on the Ecuadorian coast as the panthera onca,  monkeys: alouatta palliata,  capuchins,  leopardus spp. There are also variety of birds: little wood star, colibri, albatrosses, frigates, blue-footed boobies.

The Silver Island is 40 km offshore, It is part of Machalilla National Park and part of the Manabi Province. This natural reserve is home of many animals some of which migrate from Galapagos Islands, it includes blue-footed boodies, albatrasses, frigate birds, seals, iguanas, dolphins, stingrays and reef fishes. This small island  is uninhabited, the control and conservation for the Island  is promoted by Ecuador’s Minister of Environment and OGN Fundacion Natura.

This is a forest preserved area in Machalilla National Park,  There are an interesting  bird wildlife, a sulfur water  lagoon and a museum.   It is 22 kilometers from Puerto Lopez, a small fishing town. Local people help inside the area.

The Machalilla National Park provides the visitors a good selection of services that include tourist information, hotel guide, maps and attraction. The major attraction at the  park is to visit Isla de la Plata due to many migrant animals from Galapagos Islands. There are albatrosses, frigatebirds and blue-footed boodies some seals. This is the only place where people can appreciate those charming birds.

The activities in the Machalilla National Park year along the: scuba diving, snorkeling, scenic views, eco walking trails, whale watching. The best Place in the Ecuadorian coast for diving is the Silver Island due to the coral reef that surrounds  it. “From June to September,” Manabi is visited for  arctic  humpback whales, every year they come to breed. In Agua Blanca community there are a sulfur lagoon where visitors like to cover themselves in sulfurous mud from the bottom of the lagoon. Visit the Agua Clara museum and Salango museum.

Machalilla National Park has many  beautiful beaches to enjoy that are calm and a little deep.  Los Frailes is the most visited beach, and  Salango beach is an   island is surrounded by coral reef. Respect the facilities of the beaches; Playa Negra beach and Tortuguita bay are pure nature. you can visit them respecting the rules of conservation.

Street cricket

Street cricket or backyard cricket is an informal version of the game of cricket. 

It is played in many countries by people of all types and ages. It is played in gardens, back yards, on the street, in parks, car parks, beaches and other places. The rules get adapted to local conditions. They play with bat or bat like wood and use any kind of ball like plastic, sponge, paper and others. 

Street cricket sometimes uses rules from similar games, like baseball. For example, a batter who is not in a batsman's ground can be touched by an opponent holding the ball to be tagged out, or the opponent might put a foot on the wicket while holding the ball to run out a batter, which is similar to a force out. 

Bete-ombro is a Brazilian bat-and-ball game very similar to cricket. The main differences are that there are no 4s or 6s, and only the bat can be used to avoid runouts and stumpings. The wickets are often bottles.

"La plaquita" or "la placa" is a similar game from the Dominican Republic, which traditionally used license plates as wickets. 

Bat-en-bal is played in Suriname, with only one set of stumps.

Synchronized diving

Synchronized diving (synchro diving) is a sport in which two divers dive at the same time as a team from a three-meter springboard or a ten-meter platform. It is one type of diving which has belonged to the Olympic games since 2000 Sydney Olympics. The competition consists of five or six rounds depending on the events. Divers dive two basic dives during the first two rounds. Then they dive more complex freestyle dives from the third to the fifth round. The winners are determined according to total scores from judges. There are two types of judges. One is a technical judge who evaluates degree of completion of their dives.  Another is a synchro judge who evaluates the synchronization of two divers. (synchro)

Synchronized diving was internationally introduced at the 1995 FINA world cup. In 1999, four synchronized diving events were added as the Olympic programme at the IOC Executive Board meeting held in Lausanne. Then, it became an Olympic sport with its debut at the 2000 Sydney games with three-meter springboard and ten-meter platform events for both men and women.

There are six groups of dives. The first four show the direction the diver rotates.

1. Forward group: The diver faces the front of the board and jumps toward the water.

2. Backward group: Backward dives begin on the end of the board with divers back to the water.

3. Reverse group: Reverse dives begin with the diver facing the front of the board and then  rotates toward the board.

4. Inward group: these dives begin on the end of the board with divers’ back to the water but then rotates toward the board.

5. Twisting group: Any dive that uses a twist excluding armstands.

6. Armstand group: The dives begin with a handstand position on the end of the platform before the dive.

A dive may be performed using one of the following four positions.

Pike: The legs are straight with the body bent at the waist. arm placement can be different according to the dives by each diver.

Tuck: The Body is bent at the waist and knees with thighs drawn to the chest.  Heels kept close to the buttocks, and feet should be kept together.

Straight: without bend at the waist or knees. Arm placement can be varied by diver’s choice or is decided by the dive performed.

Free: using any of the above three positions, or combinations them, when performing a twisting dive.

While it takes seven judges to score individual events, 11 judges score synchronized diving. During a synchro event, three judges score the completion of Diver A’s performance, while three other judges score the completion of Diver B’s performance. The remaining five judges score the synchronization of two divers. Each judge scores a dive between 0 and 10 points, in half-point increments.

10: Excellent

8.5-9.5: Very good

7-8: Good

5-6.5: Satisfactory

2.5-4.5: Deficient

0.5-2: Unsatisfactory

0: Completely failed

Judges evaluate the following parts of a dive to determine an overall score:

Approach: several steps forward to the end of the board before takeoff. It should be smooth but forceful with good form.

Takeoff: A diver’s jump from the board prior to execution of the dive. showing control and balance is important with appropriate angle and distance from the board.

Elevation: The amount of the jump has an effect on the appearance of the dive.A higher jump allows divers to dive with accuracy and smoothness of movement.

Execution: proper mechanical performance, skills, form, and grace.

Entry: The entry into the water is important because it’s the last moment the judge watches. It should be vertical with a minimal amount of splash.

TWA Flight 800

Trans World Airlines Flight 800 (TWA 800) was a scheduled flight from John F. Kennedy International Airport to Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport on July 17, 1996. The aircraft was a Boeing 747-100. The plane exploded just 12 minutes after takeoff. It crashed into the Atlantic Ocean near East Moriches, New York. The cause was determined to be a spark that ignited the center wing fuel tank. None of the 230 people onboard survived. It remains the third-deadliest aviation accident in U.S. history.

Most of the 230 occupants on-board were from the United States, but 42 more came from France, 10 from Argentina, and 60 more from sixteen other countries.

The pilots on board TWA Flight 800 were Captain Ralph G. Kevorkian, Co-pilot Steven E. Snyder and Flight Engineer Richard G. Campbell. All had more than 30 years employment with Trans World Airlines. There was also a Flight Engineer Trainee on board Oliver Krick, who was starting the sixth leg of his initial operating experience training.


Arrondissements of the Haute-Marne department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Haute-Marne department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Haute-Marne are:

Since its creation, the Haute-Marne department has had few changes:


Arrondissements of the Marne department

There are 5 arrondissements in the Marne department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Marne are:

Since its creation, the Marne department has had few changes:


2016 Oakland warehouse fire

The 2016 Oakland warehouse fire was a fire in Oakland, California on December 2, 2016. At around 11:30 PM Pacific Standard Time, a fire started in a warehouse. The warehouse, known as Ghost Ship, had been changed into places for people to live and into an artist collective. Those changes were done without permits.

At least 36 people died because of the fire. It was the deadliest building fire in Oakland history.

Arrondissement of Châlons-en-Champagne

The arrondissement of Châlons-en-Champagne is an arrondissement of France, in the Marne department, Grand Est region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Châlons-en-Champagne.

When the Marne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Châlons-en-Champagne, with the name Châlons-sur-Marne, was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Châlons-en-Champagne is the central "arrondissements" of the Marne department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Reims and, for a short distance, by the Ardennes department; to the northeast by the Sainte-Menehould "arrondissement"; to the southeast and south by the Vitry-le-François "arrondissement"; and to the west by the Épernay "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Châlons-en-Champagne is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , and the third in population (103,110 inhabitants) with a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Châlons-en-Champagne, there are six cantons and three of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Châlons-en-Champagne has 100 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Épernay

The arrondissement of Épernay is an arrondissement of France, in the Marne department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Épernay.

When the Marne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Épernay was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Épernay is in the southwest of the Marne department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Reims, to the east by the Châlons-en-Champagne "arrondissement", to the southeast and south by the Aube department, to the southwest by the Seine-et-Marne department and to the west by the Aisne department.

The "arrondissement" of Épernay is the largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the second in population (109,771 inhabitants) with a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Épernay, there are six cantons and only two of them have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Épernay has 181 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Reims

The arrondissement of Reims is an arrondissement of France, in the Marne department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Reims.

When the Marne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Reims was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Reims is in the northwest of the Marne department. It is bordered to the north by the Ardennes department, to the east by the Châlons-en-Champagne "arrondissement", to the south by the Épernay "arrondissement" and to the west by the Aisne department.

The "arrondissement" of Reims is the third "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the first in population (296,374 inhabitants), for a population density of inhabitants/km.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Reims, there are 14 cantons and only three of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":


The "arrondissement" of Reims has 155 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Vaganova Ballet Academy

The Vaganova Ballet Academy is a ballet school in Saint Petersburg, Russia. It was founded in 1738 by Empress Anna Ioannovna (1693-1740) 

The original name of the academy was the Imperial Ballet School. In the Soviet regime, the school was rebuilt as the Leningrad State Choreographic Institute. After that, in 1957, the name of the school became the Vaganova Ballet Academy by Agrippina Vaganova. Every year, over 3,000 children audition and only approximately 70 children are accepted. It has eight year curriculum, and 30 dancers complete the whole of the curriculum. Dancers who take the eight year course may join ballet companies all over the world.

Kishiwada Danjiri Festival

Kishiwada Danjiri festival( 岸和田だんじり祭り） is a festival which is held in Kishiwada, located in southern Osaka,  in Japan for abundant crops. There are some differnet Danjiri matsuri festivals in western Japan region, but Kishiwada one is the biggest. People pull Danjiri float , run, walk and play some traditional instrument.   The date which it is held is on saturday and Sunday just before the Respect-for-the Aged Day Holiday of September.

There are some special foods for this festival. Some people invite their relative or friends and make blue crabs, Kantoudaki and Kurumimochi. People in Kishiwada eat a blue swimming crabs which is caught in the sea near Senshu which is located in south Osaka. The best time of catching crabs coincidents with the festival so people had degun to eat it. Kantoudaki is a japanese food in which variety of ingredients such as egg, radish potatoes, octopus, beef are boiled together in a large pot of seasoned fish broth. It is easy to make a lot at one time so many people cook this dish in Danjiri festival. Kurumimochi is a kind of a rice cake covered with ground walnuts. This is a local sweet in Osaka, and people eat this for huge harvest.

the management of this festival is organized by some neighborhood associations in each town. There is an association for Danjiri in each town in parallel with women's association and child association. there are some roles in this organization. The leader is called is called Tyoukaichou( 町会長）, and the person who assumes heavy responsibility. When some incident happen or the accident has caused someone's death, Tyoukaityou is reponsible. He rides in front of Danjiri float. The leader pulling Danjiri is called Eikousekininnsha(曳行責任者. He is the highest ranking person and he is also in front of Danjiri float.

Alissa White-Gluz

Alissa White-Gluz (born July 31, 1985) is a Canadian singer. She is best known for being the lead singer of Swedish death metal band Arch Enemy and the former singer of Canadian metal band The Agonist.

In 2004, she formed The Agonist with guitar player Danny Marino and bass player Chris Kells.

In 2014, she left The Agonist and joined Arch Enemy after the last singer, Angela Gossow, left.




She is an atheist and straight edge. She is also an animal rights activist.

UEFA Euro 2016 squads

These are the twenty-four national teams who played at Euro 2016 in France. Every national association must present before the UEFA a list of 23 footballers (which three of them must be goalkeepers) in ten days before the first match, that means: 31th May, 2016.

A footballer can be replaced by another one if he is injured or sick, although must be certified by the UEFA's Medical Committee and by the medical staff of his football club. 

These dispositions are applied according art. 44 of Euro 2016's regulations.

Arrondissement of Vitry-le-François

The arrondissement of Vitry-le-François is an arrondissement of France, in the Marne department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Vitry-le-François.

When the Marne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Vitry-le-François was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Vitry-le-François is in the southeast of the Marne department. It is bordered to the north by the Sainte-Menehould "arrondissement", to the northeast by the Meuse department, to the east by the Haute-Marne department, to the south by the Aube department, to the west by the Épernay "arrondissement" and to the northwest by the Châlons-en-Champagne "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Vitry-le-François has an area of and 47,741 inhabitants, for a population density of inhabitants/km.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Vitry-le-François, there are three cantons and only one does not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":


The "arrondissement" of Vitry-le-François has 113 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Sainte-Menehould

The arrondissement of Sainte-Menehould is an arrondissement of France, in the Marne department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Sainte-Menehould.

When the Marne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Sainte-Menehould was part of that original department.

In 1926, the "arrondissement" was eliminated but it became again an "arrondissement" of the Marne department in 1940.

The "arrondissement" of Sainte-Menehould is in the northeast of the Marne department. It is bordered to the north by the Ardennes department, to the east by the Meuse department, to the south by the Vitry-le-François "arrondissement" and to the west by the Châlons-en-Champagne "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Sainte-Menehould is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department with an area of and the one with fewest people living in it (13,821 inhabitants), for a population density of inhabitants/km.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There is only one canton in the "arrondissement" of Sainte-Menehould: the canton of Argonne Suippe et Vesle; the "communes" of this canton are in the "arrondissements" of Châlons-en-Champagne and of Sainte-Menehould.

The "arrondissement" of Sainte-Menehould has 67 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Multiplication table

A multiplication table is a tool used to learn how to multiply two numbers. The oldest known multiplication tables were written by the Babylonians about 4000 years ago. Many people think it is important to know how to multiply two numbers by heart, usually up to 12 × 12, 30 × 30, 50 × 50, or 100 × 100.

Most children are introduced to the two, five and 10 times tables by year two - at the age of six and seven. Between the age of seven and eight, children start to learn the three, four and eight times tables. The hardest multiplication is 6×8, which students got wrong 63% of the time. This was closely followed by 8×6, then 11×12, 12×8 and 8×12. The easiest multiplication, on the other hand, was 1×12, which students got wrong less than 5% of the time, followed by 1×6 and 9×1.

In a multiplication table, a number on the first column is multiplied by a number on the first row. The number they corner up to is the answer. In the table below, 21 and 18 are multiplied to get 378, using the table. The numbers in bold are squares (numbers multiplied by themselves).

A group of 21 strips of bamboo from 305 BC from the Warring States period is the world's oldest known decimal multiplication table.

The traditional form of multiplication tables are written in columns with complete number sentences, instead of the standard modern grid. This form is also taught in the schools. Some examples of traditional form of multiplication tables are multiplication tables of 6 and 7 given below.

Addition and Division can also have their own tables. Similarly, Subtraction can also have its own table, although it is not commonly used.
In mathematics, a division table, like multiplication table, is a mathematical table used to define a division operation for an algebraic system, or to obtain the solution to a certain equation. The division symbol ÷ is used in the division table, known as the obelus. It was first used to signify division in 1659. Mathematicians however, almost never use the ÷ symbol for division. Instead they use fraction notation, called the vinculum. Division tables are used for finding the Quotient in the Long division.

Magistrate

A magistrate is a law officer who administers the law in a court. The term varies in its use in different countries.
In ancient Rome, a "magistratus" was one of the highest ranking government officers. They had judicial and executive powers. 
In some parts of the world, such as China, a magistrate was responsible for administration over a particular geographic area. Today, in some jurisdictions, a magistrate is a judicial officer who hears cases in a lower court. They usually deal with minor or preliminary matters. In England and Wales there are two types of magistrates: justices of the peace and district judges.

Arrondissement of Chaumont

The arrondissement of Chaumont is an arrondissement of France, in the Haute-Marne department, Grand Est region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Chaumont.

When the Haute-Marne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Chaumont was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Chaumont is in the centre of the Haute-Marne department. It is bordered to the north by the Saint-Dizier "arrondissement", to the east by the Vosges department, to the south by the Langres "arrondissement", to the southwest by the Côte-d'Or department and to the west by the Aube department.

The "arrondissement" of Chaumont is the largest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area , but the second in population (64,970 inhabitants) with a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Chaumont, there are eight cantons and four of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Chaumont has 159 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Langres

The arrondissement of Langres is an arrondissement of France, in the Haute-Marne department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Langres.

When the Haute-Marne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Langres was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Langres is in the southern part of the Haute-Marne department. It is bordered to the north by the Chaumont "arrondissement", to the northeast by the Vosges department, to the southeast by the Haute-Saône department, and to the south and west by the Côte-d'Or department.

The "arrondissement" of Langres is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area , but the one with fewest inhabitants (44,332 inhabitants) and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Langres, there are five cantons and two of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Langres has 157 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Saint-Dizier

The arrondissement of Saint-Dizier is an arrondissement of France, in the Haute-Marne department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Saint-Dizier.

When the Haute-Marne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Dizier was part of that original department.

In 1800, the subprefecture was moved to Wassy. On 10 September 1926, the arrondissement of Wassy was eliminated but in 1940 Wassy was made again an arrondissement but the subprefecture was moved back to Saint-Dizier.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Dizier is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the Haute-Marne department. It is bordered to the north and east by the Meuse department, to the southeast by the Vosges department, to the south by the Arrondissement of Chaumont "arrondissement", to the west by the Aube department and to the northwest by the Marne department.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Dizier is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of , but the one with more inhabitants (71,371 inhabitants) and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Saint-Dizier, there are eight cantons and two of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Dizier has 111 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Herod the Great

Herod I ( 74/73 BCE – 4 BCE/1 CE), also known as Herod the Great, was the King of Judea from 37 to 4 BC. At the time Judea was a client state of Rome. During his 33 year reign, Herod was an excellent leader. But he is most famous for the Bible account of his killing the boys of Bethlehem. While this is not confirmed by other historical records, Herod did murder countless rivals, a mother-in-law, a wife and three of his sons. 

Herod was born about 73–75 BC. He was the son of Antipater the Idumaean and his wife Cyprus, the daughter of an Arabian sheik. Both Herod's grandfather and his father were political officials in Judea. Both had close ties to the Romans. When Antipater came to the aid of Julius Caesar after the Battle of Pharsalus in 48 BC, Caesar made Antipater the governor of Judea. In 47 BC Antipater made his oldest son, phasael, the governor of Jerusalem. He made Herod governor of Galilee. As governor, Herod won favor with the Romans by his dealing with hostile revolts. At the same time his actions were censured by the Great Sanhedrin. 

Herod was friends with Octavian and Mark Antony who in 40 BC had the Roman Senate designate Herod as the next king of Judea. Herod traveled to the Temple of Jupiter to give thanks to the gods of Rome. When the king of Judea was beheaded in 37 BC, Herod became the "de facto" king.

During Herod's early years as king, Mark Antony's relationship with Cleopatra allowed the Egyptian queen to keep taking small parts of Herod's kingdom. When Octavian defeated Antony and Cleopatra at the Battle of Actium in 31 BC, Herod made a new alliance with Octavian. He gained a reputation for his harsh taxes but was able to keep the peace in the region. He sent expensive gifts to Rome but did not have to pay tribute. By 30 BC, he had regained all the territory Cleopatra and the Hasmoneans had taken. He expanded his rule into northern Galilee and resettled several areas. By giving extravagant gifts to Athens and supporting the Olympic Games he increased the status of Judea in the Mediterranean world.

Herod saw himself as the perfect example of a refined king even if Bible writers saw him as a tyrant. He became completely involved in Greco-Roman history, culture and philosophy. At the same time he began neglecting the affairs of state and the study of Halakha (Jewish law). He needed the consent of the Pharisees in order to rule so he kept trying to gain their approval in a number of ways. He never won them over completely. When he built the Caesarea Maritima (22–10 BC) in honor of his patron Caesar Augustus, the pagan symbols decorating his cities upset the Jewish leaders. He organized fights between gladiators every five years and celebrated with orgies, which further upset the Jewish leaders. In 20 BC, Herod turned his attention to building the renovations for the Second Temple, also called Herod's Temple. While Herod wanted the temple to be the crowning monument to the Jewish faith, he used Greek architects. He allowed moneylenders to operate in the temple courtyard which angered many Jews. 

His greatest religious scandal was digging up King David's Tomb to find the treasure it was rumoured to contain. He had spent great sums of money on his other projects and thought that by secretly robbing the tomb he could profit from any treasure he found there. But on opening the tomb, there was no treasure.

He rebuilt the fortresses at Masada and Herodium. After a severe earthquake in 31 BC, he built a new market, a new 
amphitheater and a new building for the Sanhedrin. He built a new royal palace for himself. He also improved the water supply for Jerusalem.

Herod is thought to have had as many as nine wives and may have been married to more than one at a time. He had a large number of concubines. Herod seems to have been plagued by paranoia. He continuously thought there were conspiracies and plots to overthrow him as king. He may have married too often and produced too many sons. Herod worried each one was plotting to take his place. In all he had three of sons killed. He became suspicious of the brother of his favourite wife, Mariamme, and had him drowned in a game of water polo. He ordered Mariamme's grandfather killed and finally, Mariamme herself. 

As Herod realized he would die soon, he ordered all the leading men in Judea to be brought together in a large arena. As soon as the king died, they were all to be put to death. This was to keep others from celebrating his death. Herod had probably been suffering from chronic kidney disease, gangrene and possibly other diseases that left him mentally unbalanced.


Maxwell (unit)

Maxwell is a Gauss unit of cgs(centimetre-gram-second) on magnetic flux, named after James Clerk Maxwell and introduced by Carl Friedrich Gauss.

Linus Sebastian

Linus Gabriel Sebastian is a host of the YouTube channels LinusTechTips, TechQuickie, TechLinked, ShortCircuit, and ChannelSuperFun. He is the founder of LinusMediaGroup, a company dedicated to creating videos for these channels. In 2015, Inc. magazine ranked Sebastian 4th in a list of the "Top 30 Power Players in Tech".

1824 United States presidential election

In the United States presidential election of 1824, John Quincy Adams was elected the sixth President of the United States. There were five candidates for president: John Quincy Adams, John C. Calhoun, William H. Crawford , Henry Clay and Andrew Jackson. Jackson was by far the most popular candidate. The winner of the Electoral College was Jackson who had 99 votes. Adams was second with 84 votes. Crawford won 41 votes while Clay won only 37. For the first time since 1801 the United States House of Representatives would decide the election. Under the Twelfth Amendment to the United States, with no Electoral College winner, the President would be voted on from among the top three candidates. Meeting in February 1825, Adams won by a single vote. Adams was the son of the second President of the United States, John Adams.

In 1824 the Era of Good Feelings had come to an end. Up to this time one political party, the Democratic-Republicans, had dominated American politics. When James Monroe did not support a candidate to succeed him, it allowed a wide-open campaign for president in 1824.

In 1824, America was a republic, but still developing as a democracy. At the time people were not as directly involved in the political process as they would become. There were 24 states and six of them left the choice of president up to their state legislatures. So a presidential campaign was not the popularity contest it would later become. The choice of a president was in part made by other elected officials and in part by citizens who could vote. Unlike modern politicians, presidential candidates did not campaign personally. Instead, their campaign managers and others would place ads in newspapers that criticized their candidate's rivals while promoting the virtues of their candidate. The candidates left the campaigning to their friends.

In the summer of 1824, about one-third of the eligible congressmen met in an informal caucus to nominate Crawford to be president. The Massachusetts legislature followed by nominating Adams as their favorite son candidate. Clay was nominated by the Kentucky legislature. Calhoun decided to run for Vice President instead. All four candidates were Democrat-Republicans so there was no official party endorsement. 
By this time the Federalist Party no longer existed.

Monroe turned out to be the last of the Virginia dynasty of presidents. But three members of his cabinet decided to run. Adams, from Massachusetts, was the Secretary of State. Crawford, from Georgia, was the Secretary of the Treasury. Calhoun, of South Carolina, was the Secretary of War. Clay, nearly as popular in the Western territories as Jackson, was the powerful Speaker of the House of Representatives. As a heroic General, Jackson was by far the best known by the public. He had only a brief term in Congress and had been a territorial governor. He had few other qualifications. He was not experienced in diplomacy, never held a cabinet post and did not speak any foreign languages. Up to this time all U.S. presidents had diplomatic and administrative experience before becoming president.

Adams, was undoubtedly the most qualified to be president. He was a son of the second president and had studied at Harvard College. He was fluent in Dutch, French and German. In 1794 he was the U.S. minister to the Netherlands. During his father's presidency he served as the minister to Prussia. Under President Madison he helped negotiate the Treaty of Ghent in 1814 ending the War of 1812. As Secretary of State he played a key role in foreign policy. Adams helped to formulate the Monroe Doctrine. He was elected to the Massachusetts legislature in 1802 and the next year was elected to the United States Senate.

Adams, however, almost completely lacked charisma. He wasn't able to generate much excitement as someone like Jackson could. If he had campaigned in person, his appearance would have prevented him from getting many votes. He described himself saying "I am a man of reserved, cold, austere and forbidding manners."

Crawford had run for president once before in 1816. He had served two terms as a U.S. Senator. He served two presidents as a cabinet member and had experience as a foreign diplomat. Crawford was a strong supporter of states' rights. He was a member of a group called the "Old Republicans" or "Radicals". He was against protective tariffs and wanted limited budgets to keep the federal government weak. While generally easygoing and friendly, he had a temper every bit as bad as Jackson's. He suffered a severe stroke in 1823 and nearly died. This left him frail and weak. At the time of his nomination he was blind and still paralyzed. But he refused to give up another bid for the presidency.

Calhoun was a strong Jeffersonian Republican. He was elected in 1807 to South Carolina's state legislature and in 1811 he represented his state in the U.S. House of Representatives. He was in favor of a war against Great Britain as early as 1807. In 1817 he became secretary of war under James Madison. Calhoun briefly ran for president in 1824, but withdrew early and ran for vice president instead.

Henry Clay was a leading candidate in 1824. He was born in Virginia in 1777. After becoming a lawyer in Virginia in 1797, he moved to Kentucky to establish a law practice there. He was elected to the Kentucky General Assembly in 1803. Another follower of Jeffersonian politics he was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1811. There he served several terms eventually rising to become Speaker of the House. He was one of the five delegates from the U.S. who negotiated the Peace Treaty at Ghent. It was Clay who proposed and got the passage of the Missouri Compromise in 1820.

In some ways the candidate to beat was General Andrew Jackson of Tennessee. He was the hero of the Battle of New Orleans. During the War of 1812 he had fought against the Creek Indians along with another hero, Davy Crockett. His men had nicknamed him "Old Hickory." This made him better known than most of the other candidates. Like George Washington he had risked his life to serve his country. He was a political outsider. Unless other candidates could put together a coalition, Jackson would be difficult to defeat.

There were a total of 261 electoral votes needed to win, with the winning candidate needing to get 131 of them. However, no candidate did. Andrew Jackson got first place in both the electoral vote and popular vote, but he didn't get close to 131, getting just 99. Adams placed second with 84, Crawford third with 41 and Clay with 37. The Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution said that if this happened, the House of Representatives would vote on who would be president. Only the top three candidates would get to be voted on, though, so Clay officially lost. However, Clay, being the House Speaker, had a lot of power. He liked John Quincy Adams and hated Andrew Jackson. His influence likely gave Adams the win, able to secure just enough votes. In this House vote, there was one vote from each state. There were 24 states, which meant 24 votes would be given. The majority number of votes was 13. Adams got 13, so he just barely won. Jackson got 7, and Crawford got 4.

Jackson and his supporters became really mad at Adams and Clay. Jackson began accusing Adams and Clay of making a "corrupt bargain", where in exchange for Adams becoming president, Clay would become his Secretary of State. It didn't help when Adams actually did make Clay his Secretary of State. It effected Adams' presidency over its entire four years, and would make Adams lose in the next election in 1828.

There was no election "day" in 1824. All through the fall of 1824, voters cast their ballots either for individual candidates or for electors to vote in the Electoral College. Electors were chosen in the states of Delaware, Georgia, Louisiana, New York, South Carolina and Vermont. Some electors were pledged to support certain candidates while others were not. Of those who were pledged, some changed their minds and voted for another candidate.

Jackson received the majority of the popular vote and the majority of the electoral vote. But, no candidate received the necessary 131 electoral votes required by the Constitution. Based on the Twelfth Amendment, the election would be decided by the House of Representatives between the top three candidates. Clay, as the fourth candidate, was eliminated. But, as Speaker of the House he would play a large part in the decision of who would become president. Clay used all his influence to support Adams. He also convinced other members of the House that Jackson was not qualified to be president. This was in spite of the fact that Clay had instructions from the Kentucky legislature to vote for Jackson. Clay's arguments apparently succeeded and Adams was elected president by the House on February 9, 1825. A few days later, Adams nominated Clay to be his Secretary of State.

Andrew Jackson and his supporters called the actions of Clay and Adams a "corrupt bargain." The presidential race of 1828 began even before Adams was sworn in as president. The apparent agreement between Adams and Clay was used to show the corruption of the system that ignored the will of the people. Jackson began campaigning as the "champion of the common man".

The 1824 election caused several changes to American presidential politics. It was the end of the system of Congressional caucuses for nominating candidates. From 1800 to 1820, Congressional caucuses selected presidential candidates. There was very little direct voter involvement in the system. But in 1824, only one candidate was selected by a caucus. The other candidates decided to appeal directly to the people. This led to a major change in the system. By the 1830s politics had become a subject of wide national interest.

The election of 1824 saw the end of the one-party political system. The Democratic-Republicans split into two parties. The new Democratic Party was formed by Jackson and his followers. The National Republican Party (not to be confused with the later Republican Party) was led by Adams and Clay.

Jackson resigned his Senate seat returning to Tennessee. He and his followers began the groundwork for his 1828 presidential campaign. His support grew across the United States. In Congress, his supporters opposed spending programs put forward by Adams. Jackson was the champion of the common man while Adams was said to represent everything that was wrong in American politics. After three years in office, Adams accomplished very little. This was in part because of his own shortcomings and in part by the pressure put on him by Jackson's followers.


Wigan Warriors

Wigan Warriors are a rugby league club from Wigan, United Kingdom. Wigan play in Super League and have won 21 league championships, 19 Challenge Cups and 4 World Club titles. Wigan play at the DW Stadium.

Super League

The Super League is a rugby league competition for clubs from the United Kingdom and France. The league started in 1996 and Wigan Warriors are the current champions, having won the 2016 title.




Nissan Navara

Nissan Navara (also called Nissan Frontier) is a pickup truck from Nissan. The line began around 1997. It replaced the Datsun Hardbody trucks.

The Navara is named for the Navarre region in northern Spain.

The truck is available in two and four doors.

Andrew Puzder

Andrew Franklin "Andy" Puzder (born July 11, 1950) is the chief executive of CKE Restaurants. He received his Juris Doctor in 1978 from Washington University School of Law in St. Louis where he served as senior editor on the Law Review. Puzder has served as president and CEO of CKE since September 2000.

On December 8, 2016, Puzder was named as President-elect Donald Trump's nominee for United States Secretary of Labor. He withdrew as the nominee on February 15, 2017.

Joseph Mascolo

Joseph Mascolo (March 13, 1929 – December 8, 2016) was an American musician and former dramatic actor. 

Mascolo was born in West Hartford, Connecticut. He studied at the University of Miami and at the United States Military Academy. He began acting in 1957. 

During his long career, he has acted in many movies such as "Jaws 2", "Heat" and "The Trail of the Incredible Hulk". He was best known for playing super villian Stefano DiMera, a role he originated in 1982 on NBC's "Days of Our Lives" until his retirement in January 2016.

Mascolo was married to Rose Maimone in 1953. She died in 1986. They had one son. Mascolo then married Patricia Schultz in 2005. He lived in Los Angeles. California. Mascolo was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2015 and suffered a crippling stroke the same year.

Mascolo died on December 8, 2016 at his home in Los Angeles from complication of the disease, aged 87. He was survived by his wife Patricia, his sister Marie, his son Peter and a step-daughter Laura.


Associação Chapecoense de Futebol

Associação Chapecoense de Futebol is a football club which plays in Brazil.


Virtual reality

Virtual reality (often just called VR) is the name for computer technology that makes a person feel like they are somewhere else. It uses software to produce images, sounds, and other sensations to create a different place so that a user feels like he or she is really part of this other place. That other place can be a real place (to take a tour in another country, for instance) or imaginary (playing a game). 

A user uses a headset which consists of a screen to project the content, and speakers to produce sounds. The technology to do this needs special display screens or projectors and other devices. Often the picture will change when the user moves their head, they may be able to "walk" through this virtual space and to see things in that space from different directions, and maybe move things in that space. Haptic feedback might also be used to help make it seem more real - haptic feedback uses special gloves that make it feel like you touched something in real life.

Virtual reality is different than augmented reality, which shows the real place that a person is in, but changes or adds to it. Pokémon Go is an example of augmented reality. Augmented reality headsets are also commercially available such as the Microsoft HoloLens.

Martisberg

Martisberg was a municipality in the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Martisberg and Betten merged into the new municipality of Bettmeralp.

Mörel, Switzerland

Mörel was a municipality in the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Mörel and Filet merged into the new municipality of Mörel-Filet.

Bettmeralp

Bettmeralp is a municipality of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Before the merger, Bettmeralp was the name of a village and ski resort in Betten.

On 1 January 2014 the former municipalities of Betten and Martisberg merged into the new municipality of Bettmeralp.


Vincent Laforet

Vincent Laforet (born 1975, Switzerland) is a French American director and photographer.

Laforet shared the 2002 Pulitzer Prize for Feature Photography. The other photographers who won were: Stephen Crowley, Chang Lee, James Hill, and Ruth Fremson. The group worked for "The New York Times". They covered events outside of the United States after the September 11 attacks.

Associação Atlética Ponte Preta

Ponte Preta is a Brazilian soccer club.


Clube Náutico Capibaribe

Clube Náutico Capibaribe also known as Náutico, is a Brazilian sports club, including a professional football team, in Recife, Pernambuco. Náutico, as of 2021, is competing in the Série B.

Raising Hope

Raising Hope is an American sitcom. It aired from September 21, 2010, to April 4, 2014, on Fox.

The show aired during prime time, a block of television viewing time in the peak evening hours. The show averaged over 6 million viewers per episode in the first season. The show was also broadcast internationally. It aired in Australia, Canada, Czech Republic, Finland, Germany, Italy, Portugal, and the United Kingdom. It was broadcast by I.Sat in Latin America.

Citropsis articulata

Citropsis articulata is a type of flowering plant in the citrus family, Rutaceae. It is native to tropical West Africa.

The plant and fruit are known by many names. Some of the names are: African cherry orange, West African cherry orange, Uganda cherry orange, Agbalumo, Udara, Otien, and Omuboro. 

Mannheim Steamroller

The Mannheim Steamroller is a neoclassical new-age music group. It was founded by Chip Davis. The group is well-known for mixing classical music with new aged and rock music. They also do Christmas music.

Their music is done using the "Fresh Aire" series of studio albums. They have sold over 28 million albums worldwide.

The Mannheim Steamroller was founded in 1974.

Christmas music

Christmas music is songs that relate to Christmas and New Year's. The music is normally heard during the holiday season.

Music was an early part of Christmas and its celebrations.

During the Middle Ages, the English people combined circle dances with singing and called them carols. Christmas carols in English first appeared in a 1426 work from John Audelay. 

Traditional Christmas songs are "Silent Night", "Deck the Halls" and "God Rest You Merry Gentlemen".

Modern Christmas songs include "Jingle Bell Rock", "The Christmas Song", "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas", "Sleigh Ride", "Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree" and "I'll Be Home for Christmas".

Tā moko

“Ta Moko” means tattoo art in Maori.
Often these tattoos covered the whole face and were a symbol of rank, social status, power and prestige for the Maori people. Ta Moko is a visual language which connects the person who has it to his “whakapapa”. Whakapapa is the family, it’s the genealogical tree, so there is nothing which links religion to Ta Moko. Ta Moko symbolises identification with their origins. It is considered to be beautiful but ferocious because they have to frighten their enemies. The Maori facial tattoo was used as a kind of “identification card”.

These tattoos look like animals or geometric shapes. The most popular tattoo is “the tortoise”. Making the tattoos leaves scars. Traditional tools to make Ta Moko are albatross bone chisels and black ink. A Maori tattoo takes a lot of time to do; generally the Maori people start tattooing themselves in adolescence and they finish in adulthood. They take years to be finished. But a real Ta Moko is very painful. The tattoo artist removes skin by making wide cuts with a mallet and either a turtle scale or an Albatross bone.

Boys start to be tattooed around adolescence but we don’t know when women start to be tattooed.
Men’s tattoos can be found everywhere on their bodies; whereas women can only have tattoos on their foreheads, necks, lips, chins and backs. 

The number of tattoos they have depends on their age, what the people have done in their lives and the place of the person in the tribe. For Maoris these tattoos are like a diary because they are a written record of all the important events and places a man has experienced in his life.

Sekkizhar

Sekkizhar is a Tamil poet and scholar. He lived during the period of Kulothunga Chola II. He was considered an excellent poet. Sekkizhar wrote "Periya Puranam". It was originally 4253 poems describing the lives of 63 Shaiva Nayanars.

Sekkizhar was born in the village of Kundrathur in Kancheepuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. He was a scholar in vedas as well as Tirumurai (later his work was also been added as a tirumurai). His real name is Ramadevan. He was an inmate in a Vaishnavite shrine near Kanchipuram. He started his works of "Periya Puranam" when he was in Chidambaram. Among all Puranas in Tamil, Sekkizhar's Periya Puranam stands first. Kulothunga Chola II began to restore Tamil Shaivism that was begun by his ancestors because he was a great devotee of Lord Nataraja (Shiva) at Chidambaram. The king called upon Sekkizhar to compose a poem on the life of Shaiva saints.

In Tamil literature, Periya Puranam, the great poem works of Sekkizhar is considered the fifth veda. It had also took place as the twelfth tirumarai or Shiva canon.

Turkish Airlines Flight 981

Turkish Airlines Flight 981 was a regular flight operated by Turkish Airlines, from Istanbul to London Heathrow, with a stopover in Paris. On 3 March, 1974, the McDonnell Douglas DC-10 operating the flight suffered an explosive decompression and crashed into the Ermenonville Forest, shortly after it had left Paris. All 346 people on board were killed in the accident. An investigation after the crash found out that one of the cargo doors at the rear of the aircraft was not properly closed and secured. After takeoff, part of the door broke off and caused an explosion in the rear of the aircraft. The explosion also damaged cables needed to fly the aircraft. This meant that after the explosion, the aircraft was uncontrollable.
A McDonnell Douglas DC-10, flying as American Airlines Flight 96, had experienced an explosive decompression in the aft cargo hold in June 1972. American Airlines Captain McCormick had managed to land the plane safely. On the ground, it was discovered the rear cargo door had opened in flight. This caused damage to the fuselage, but not the explosive damage in the case of Turkish Flight 981. The two planes were also configured differently above the baggage compartment. There were three rows of extra seats added to TC-JAV, which added a greater overall load to the floor. When the cargo door blew out, the additional seats and passengers were ejected from the plane. Both flights experienced uncontrolled explosive decompression when the cargo door latches failed.

An Airworthiness Directive was immediately issued by the Federal Aviation Administration (FFA), calling for strengthening the load floor and control cables. It also required improving the electrical wiring having to do with the cargo door, so that if the cargo door was not closed properly, the light in the cockpit indicating that the door was still open would stay lit.

The pilot in command was Nejat (or Mejat) Berkoz, age 44, a former Turkish Air Force pilot and had a total of 7,783 flight hours, and has been with Turkish Airlines for six years. He also had flown the Fokker F27 and the McDonnell Douglas DC-9.

The First Officer was Oral Ulusman, age 38, he had been with Turkish Airlines for five years at the time of the accident, with a total of 5,589 flight hours.

The Flight Engineer was Huseyin Ozer, age 37, he ha had 2,113 flight hours at the time of the accident..

The cabin consisted of eight flight attendants.

TK981 was scheduled to fly from Istanbul to London Heathrow, with a stop in Paris Orly airport. The first leg from IST to ORY went smoothly, with a flying time of four hours. While the ORY-LHR leg usually did not attract many passengers, an ongoing strike by British European Airlines employees meant that the economy cabin was full, with the aircraft originally 167 passengers and 11 crew members for the first leg, 50 disembarked, and 218 more pasengers boarded. The flight departed at 12:32 PM local time.

ATC cleared the aircraft to 6,000 initially, then up to FL230 within 2 minutes of leveling off. Shortly after 1140 hrs, when Turkish Airlines flight TK981 had reached 12,000 (roughly 3,700 m) feet during climb, the Air Traffic Control recorded a transmission in the Turkish language, partly covered by heavy background noise and accompanied by the pressurization warning and then the overspeed warning; and at the same time, the aircraft radar return split in two and the secondary radar label disappeared.

The flight was over Coulommiers, France at the time. A rapid decompression caused the last two rows of seats to be sucked through a large hole in the plane. The loss of the rear left cargo door caused a huge pressurization difference with the cabin right above it. This section was ripped off the aircraft, along with the six passengers seated there. However, the loss of the door resulted in pilots losing access to critical parts of the plane, including the rudder, elevator, and engine two.

The six passengers in the seats were killed when they fell into a field in St. Pathus. The plane remained in the air another 70 seconds while the pilots tried to regain control, unsuccessfully. The aircraft's pitch angle gradually decreased to negative 20 degrees in the next 20 seconds after the explosion, resulting in the aircraft accumulating a massive amount of airspeed during its quick descent. In the final 15 seconds, the aircraft's descent rate began to decrease as the nose raised as a result of the aircraft's high speed. Captain Ulusman pushed the throttles forward to TO/GA in a last ditch effort to save the aircraft, calling out "Speed, speed!" The aircraft hit the tree tops at about 434 knots (500 mph; 800 km/h) at a negative 4 degree pitch angle; the wings broke up, spilling and igniting fuel, exploding and killing the remaining 340 passenger and crew on board on board. The plane almost completely disintegrated leaving only 40 bodies intact.

The investigation sparked blame on Turkish Airlines and Douglas itself since both were at fault for different parts of the crisis. The airline had failed to station an engineer on the ground and had reportedly rushed the training process for the DC-10. However, McDonnell-Douglas knew about the flaws with the door design and an NTSB directive after a similar incident had not been implemented.

TK981 went on to become the deadliest single aircraft crash for over a decade, until the crash of Japan Airlines Flight 123 in 1985, which became the single deadliest aircraft disaster, holding a death toll of 520. The aftermath saw several design changes to the DC-10 to prevent such crashes and renewed scrutiny of the design process.

The accident was the result of the ejection in flight of the aft cargo door on the left-hand side: the sudden depressurization which followed led to the disruption of the floor structure, causing six passengers and parts of the aircraft to be ejected, rendering No 2 engine inoperative and impairing the flight controls (tail surfaces) so that it was impossible for the crew to regain control of the aircraft.

The underlying factor in the sequence of events leading to the accident was the incorrect engagement of the door latching mechanism before take-off. The characteristics of the design of the mechanism made it possible for the vent door to be apparently closed and the cargo door apparently locked when in fact the latches were not fully closed and the lock pins were not in place.

It should be noted, however, that a view port was provided so that there could be a visual check of the engagement of the lock pins.

This defective closing of the door resulted from a combination of various factors:


Finally although there was apparent redundancy of the flight control systems, the fact that the pressure relief vents between the cargo compartment and the passenger cabin were inadequate and that all the flight control cables were routed beneath the floor placed the aircraft in grave danger in the case of any sudden depressurization causing substantial damage to that part of the structure.

All these risks had already become evident, nineteen months earlier, at the time of the Windsor accident, but no efficacious corrective action had followed.

Of the 346 people on-board, 

177 passengers came from the United Kingdom,

48 came from Japan,

45 passengers and 11 crew members came from Turkey, 

25 came from the United States, 

16 came from France, 

10 were from Italy, 

9 from Thailand,

7 from Austria,

6 from China, 

5 each from Hong Kong and Brazil, 

4 from Canada,

3 each from Argentina, Portugal, Taiwan, and Yugoslavia, 

2 each from Australia, Hungary, India, Mexico, the Philippines, South Korea, Singapore, 

and 1 each from Belgium, Cyprus, West Germany, Greece, Iran, Israel, Ireland, Morocco, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Pakistan, Portugal, Senegal, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and South Vietnam.


Cuttack

Cuttack is the former capital of the state of Odisha in East India. It is the headquarters of the Cuttack district. Cuttack is nicknamed the "Millennium City" and the "Silver City". Cuttack has over 1000 years of history, and has a famous silver jewelry works. The High Court of Odisha is located in Cuttack. Cuttack is also called as the commercial capital of Odisha. This is due to the large number of trading and business houses in the city.

Cuttack and Bhubaneswar are often called the Twin-Cities of Odisha. The metropolitan area formed by the two cities has a population of 1.68 million in 2014. Cuttack is a Tier-II city as per the ranking system used by Government of India.

Deomali (mountain)

Deomali is a mountain peak in the Chandragiri-Pottangi subrange of the Eastern Ghats. It is located near Koraput town in the Koraput district of southern Odisha, India.At 1672 m Deomali is the highest mountain peak in the state of Odisha. It is also one of the tallest peaks of the Eastern Ghats. The peak has a good surrounding scenery.

Danish Football Association

The Danish Football Union (; DBU) is the leading body of football in Denmark. It is the organization of the Danish football clubs and runs the professional Danish football leagues and the Denmark national football team for men and women. It is founding member of both FIFA and UEFA. It was established in 1889 and is on of the oldest associations in world football.

Mörel-Filet

Mörel-Filet is a municipality of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Filet and Mörel merged into the new municipality of Mörel-Filet.


Niedergesteln

Niedergesteln is a municipality in the district Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Tryptophan

Tryptophan (Trp or W) is encoded by the codon UGG. It is an α-amino acid used in the biosynthesis of proteins. 

Tryptophan has an α-amino group (which is in the –NH form under biological conditions), and an α-carboxylic acid group (which is in the deprotonated –COO form under biological conditions). It also has a side chain indole, which makes it a non-polar aromatic amino acid. Tryptophan is essential to humans: the body cannot synthesize it, so it must be got from the diet.

Tryptophan is also a precursor to the neurotransmitters serotonin and melatonin.

People get tryptophan by eating protein-rich foods like meat, eggs, and dairy products.

Saint-Dizier

Saint-Dizier is a commune of France, and a subprefecture of the Haute-Marne department in the Grand Est region.

The city of Saint-Dizier is on the northern part of the Haute-Marne department in northeast France near the Meuse and the Marne departments.

It has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Saint-Dizier is surrounded by the "communes" Trois-Fontaines-l'Abbaye, Chancenay, Bettancourt-la-Ferrée, Ancerville (Meuse department), Chamouilley, Eurville-Bienville, Troisfontaines-la-Ville, Humbécourt, Laneuville-au-Pont, Moëslains, Valcourt, Hallignicourt and Villiers-en-Lieu.

Two rivers flow through the city: the "Ornel" and the Marne. The city is at about from "Lac du Der-Chantecoq", the largest man-made lake of Western Europe.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Saint-Dizier is a "Marine West Coast Climate" and of the subtype "Cfb". The average amount of precipitation for the year is and the average temperature for the year is .

The inhabitants of Saint-Dizier are known, in French, as "Bragards" (women: "Bragardes") or "Bragars" (women: "Bragares").

The city of Saint-Dizier has a population, in 2014, of 25,505; it is the "commune" of Haute-Marne with more people living in it, even more than Chaumont (22,560 inhabitants) that is the prefecture of the department. Its population density is of inhabitants/km.

Evolution of the population in Saint-Dizier

Saint-Dizier forms, with other five "communes", the urban area of Saint-Dizier with a population of 32,086 inhabitants (2014) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Saint-Diziert, formed by 43 "communes", with a population of 53,790 inhabitants (2014) and an area of .

Saint-Dizier is a subprefecture of the Haute-Marne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Saint-Dizier and the administrative centre () of three cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Saint-Dizier, Der et Blaise" ().



Adam Ries

Adam Ries was a mathematician from Bad Staffelstein in Bavaria. Ries lived in the 16th century. He was born in 1492 or 1493, and died in 1559.

Ries became known for a work on how to calculate. His first work was about a "calculating board", which was widely used at the time. It worked rather like an abacus. Ries showed that Roman numerals were impractical for calculation.
Ries wrote in German, and not in Latin, as orher mathematicians of his time. 

Robot lawyer

A robot lawyer is an artificial intelligence (AI) computer program. It is designed to ask the same questions as a real lawyer about certain legal issues.

Robot lawyers are being used in many countries around the world including the United States, the United Kingdom, and Holland.

Cheryl

Cheryl [ sher-"uh"l ] is a female given name. It is very common in English-speaking countries. It is an English version of the French name Cherie. Cheryl is a moniker that has enjoyed widespread popularity for numerous decades. This name carries significant significance and history. Of French extraction, Cheryl signifies "beloved" or "darling." Although it has been bestowed upon both genders, it is more frequently bestowed upon female offspring.

The name appeared in the early 20th century. It was most popular during the Cold War period. In North America, it was popular between the 1940s and 1980s. In the United Kingdom, it was popular from the 1950s to 1990s. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

Famous people with the name "Cheryl" include Cheryl Ladd and Cheryl Hines.


Al-Masih ad-Dajjal

Al-Masih ad-Dajjal ( "", "the false messiah", or "the deceiver") is an evil figure in Islamic eschatology. He is to appear, pretending to be "al-Masih" (i.e. the Messiah), before "Yawm al-Qiyamah" (the Day of Resurrection). According to Islamic belief, at the end of days he will gather together everyone he has deceived into a great army. His army will then confront the Messiah and his army. The Dajjal is not mentioned directly in the Qur'an. This may be because he is only human and is mentioned in the future.

Australian impact structure

The Australian impact structure is also called the "massive Australian Precambrian/Cambrian impact structure" or MAPCIS.

It is thought to be the remains of a huge meteorite strike. Its centre is in the Northern Territory, about halfway between Uluru (Ayers Rock) and Mount Conner. The crater is about 600 km (370 mi) in diameter. There is a wider ring 2,000 kilometres (1,200 mi) in diameter which may be related to the impact. If it is confirmed, MAPCIS would be the largest impact structure on Earth. It is not confirmed at present.

The age of this hypothetical impact is about 545 mya. This puts it just before the Cambrian period.

Azerbaijan Red Crescent Society

Azerbaijan Red Crescent Society () is a charitable organization in Azerbaijan. It is a member of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement. It was established on March 10, 1920. Its headquarters are in Baku. Their mission is "to serve vulnerable people by mobilizing the capacity of Azerbaijan Red Crescent and the power of humanity."


Shoemaker crater

The Shoemaker crater in Western Australia (formerly known as Teague Ring) is an obvious impact crater, the remains of an ancient meteorite strike. Later research gave clear evidence for this, including the presence of shatter cones and shocked quartz.

It is in dry central Western Australia, about north-northeast of Wiluna. It is named after planetary geologist Eugene Shoemaker.

It was dated to 1630 million years ago. More recent dating by K–Ar methods give ages as young as 568 ± 20 mya. This age could date the impact event or represent tectonic activity.

Immortals (2011 movie)

Immortals is a 2011 American adventure-fantasy movie directed by Tarsem Singh. It is loosely based on the myths of Theseus, the Minotaur and the Titanomachy. The movie it stars Henry Cavill, Freida Pinto and Mickey Rourke. It was released on November 11, 2011. The reviews were mixed to negative. But it was a commercial success.

Before the age of man or beast, the immortals wage war on each other in the heavens. The winners become the gods. The losers become the Titans who were imprisoned in Mount Tartarus. During the war, a powerful weapon called the Epirus Bow was lost. In 1228 B.C., the Heraklion king Hyperion (Mickey Rourke), lays waste to Greece searching for the bow. With it he can free the Titans and destroy the gods who failed to save his wife and children from dying of disease. Hyperion captures the virgin oracle Phaedra (Freida Pinto), in the hopes that her psychic visions will help him locate the bow.

Meanwhile, the people of a village prepare to flee to Mount Tartarus to escape from Hyperion's soldiers. One of them is the warrior Theseus (Henry Cavill). He was mentored by a mysterious old man (John Hurt). Theseus and his mother Aethra (Anne Day-Jones) are considered as outcasts as he is the product of Aethra being raped. They are forced to stay behind by soldiers from Athens including Lysander (Joseph Morgan). Theseus beats off multiple opponents until the Athenian officer Helios (Peter Stebbings) has Lysander dismissed for his actions. Lysander travels to Hyperion offering him his service the location of the village. The king accepts but labels Lysander a traitor and, to punish him, has his testicles hammered, so he is unable to produce children. Hyperion's soldiers attack the village and, after murdering Aethra and the villagers, take Theseus captive.

It is revealed that the old man in Zeus (Luke Evans). He warns his fellows gods Athena (Isabel Lucas), Poseidon (Kellan Lutz), Ares (Daniel Sharman), Heracles (Steve Byers) and Apollo (Corey Sevier) not to interfere with mortal affairs unless the Titans are freed and they must have faith in the humans to defeat Hyperion.

Theseus is enslaved alongside the thief Stavros (Stephen Dorff). Phaedra, who is being held prisoner nearby, sees a vision of Theseus and organizes a riot, and Theseus uses the chaos to escape with Stavros and the other slaves. Theseus attempts to pursue Hyperion by hijacking a boat, but he and his allies are attacked by Hyperion's soldiers. Poseidon deliberately disobeys Zeus by diving into the sea from Olympus and causing a tidal wave which drowns Hyperion's men. When Phaedra sees a vision of Theseus standing near a shrouded corpse, she determines he must return to bury his mother. Despite Theseus's scepticism, his mother believed in the gods and therefore must receive a proper burial.

While laying Aethra to rest in the village labyrinth, Theseus discovers the bow embedded in rock. He frees it, but Hyperion's henchman Minotaur attacks him; though he succeeds in killing the monster, Theseus collapses from poisoned wounds. Phaedra heals Theseus, and later falls in love with him. The two have sex, stripping her of the prophecies she deemed a curse.

As Hyperion's forces gather at Mount Tartarus, the party travel to Phaedra's temple, and Theseus loses the bow in an ambush. Outnumbered by Hyperion's men, Ares, going against Zeus's orders, directly intervenes by fighting the soldiers, and Athena provides Theseus and Stavros with horses to reach Tartarus. Zeus arrives and angrily kills Ares for his defiance, letting his death be a warning to the gods, and that the mortals will no longer receive divine support, and must justify the faith he has in Theseus, before leaving with Athena. The stolen bow is brought to Hyperion.

Theseus, Stavros and Phaedra travel to Mount Tartarus, where he tries to no avail to warn the Greek king Cassander of Hyperion's plans. Cassander dismisses his talk of the gods as myth, intending to negotiate a peace treaty with Hyperion. The next day, Hyperion uses the bow to fell the walls of Tartarus, which are seemingly impregnable. 

Theseus leads the Greek forces against Hyperion, and kills Lysander. Hyperion ignores the battle, storms through to Mount Tartarus, killing Helios and Cassander and using the bow to release the Titans, with the force of the release knocking the mortals down. Unable to escape the vault, Stavros kills a Titan to buy Theseus time to escape, before sacrificing himself. Zeus leads the gods in a battle against the Titans while Theseus fights Hyperion, and while they are more than a match, the gods are overwhelmed by sheer numbers, with all but Zeus and Poseidon dying. While Zeus collapses the mountain onto the Titans, Theseus kills Hyperion. As the mountain collapses, Zeus ascends to the heavens with Athena's body and a wounded Poseidon. The collapsing mountain decimates Hyperion's forces, and the dying Theseus is rewarded with a place among the immortals.

Years later, Theseus's story has become legend, and Phaedra is raising his son Acamas, who has inherited her gift of prophecy. The boy is visited by Zeus as an old man, who informs him he will become a warrior like his father and mustn't fear his visions. Acamas has a vision of Theseus leading an army of gods in a battle in the sky with the Titans.



Capital asset pricing model

The capital asset pricing model (CAPM) is a tool for figuring out risk of stock profit or losses (called returns). 

It makes an assumption, which is that investors care only about two things: the average returns of stocks over, for example, ten years, and the volatility of annual returns around that average during the same period. 

The main result of the model is that the return of a stock can be broken down in the sum of two things: a risk-free rate and a risk premium. This risk premium can be seen as the product of two things: a measure of the risk of the stock (called the "beta") and the average reward for risk in the market (the "equity risk premium", which is the return of the market over and above the risk-free rate).

Wisconsin in the American Civil War

Wisconsin in the American Civil War, being a northern state, fought for the Union. When the Civil War started, Wisconsin raised 91,379 soldiers for the Union Army. They were organized into 53 infantry regiments, 4 cavalry regiments, a company of Berdan's sharpshooters, 13 light artillery batteries and 1 unit of heavy artillery. Most of the Wisconsin troops served in the Western Theater. However, several regiments served in Eastern armies, including three regiments within the famed Iron Brigade. A total of 3,794 were killed in action or mortally wounded. Another 8,022 died of disease. About 400 were killed in accidents. The total casualties were 12,216 men. This was about 13.4 percent of total Wisconsin enlistments.

Approximately 1 in 9 residents (regardless of age, sex or qualification for service) served in the army. In turn, half the eligible voters served. Wisconsin was the only state to organize replacements for troops that had already been sent to war. This led northern generals to prefer having Wisconsin regiments in their command if possible.

A number of Wisconsin regiments were distinguished, including three that served in the celebrated "Iron Brigade"&mdash. These were the 2nd Wisconsin, 6th Wisconsin, and 7th Wisconsin. All were noted for their hard fighting and dashing appearance. They were among the only troops in the Army of the Potomac to wear Hardee hats and long frock coats. They suffered severely at the Battle of Gettysburg in July 1863. The 8th Wisconsin, another hard-fighting regiment, was often accompanied into battle by its mascot, Old Abe, a bald eagle.

In a January 1863 letter to his sister, Union soldier Chauncey Herbert Cooke, a private from Company G of the 25th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment, gave his reasons for fighting for the Union in the war, stating that "I have no heart in this war if the slaves cannot go free."

While men were fighting, many women needed to learn how to farm and do other manual labor. Besides having to tend to the home and children while the men were away at war, women also contributed supplies. Quilts and blankets were often given to soldiers. Other items women often sent included: shirts, sheets, pillows, pillowcases, coats, vests, trousers, towels, handkerchiefs, socks, bandages, canned fruits, dried fruits, butter, cheese, wine, eggs, pickles, books, and magazines. At one point, after the Battle of Resaca in Georgia, women sent every wounded man within a certain distance a fresh orange or lemon. These fruits were to quench the strong thirst that was known to accompany a wound.



John Howard Northrop

John Howard Northrop (July 5, 1891 – May 27, 1987) was an American biochemist. He shared the 1946 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with James Batcheller Sumner and Wendell Meredith Stanley.

Northrop was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1949. He was employed by the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research in New York City from 1916 until his retirement in 1961. In 1949 he was appointed Professor of Bacteriology and later, Professor of Biophysics at the University of California, Berkeley.

California in the American Civil War

California in the American Civil War was involved in sending gold east, recruiting volunteer soldiers to replace regular army forces in the Western United States and in maintaining and building numerous camps and fortifications. The State of California did not send its units east, but many citizens traveled east and joined the Union Army. California's Volunteers also conducted many operations against the Native American peoples within the state and in the other Western territories of the Departments of the Pacific and New Mexico.

Following the Gold Rush, California was settled primarily by Midwestern and Southern farmers, miners and businessmen. Democrats dominated the state from its foundation. Southern Democrats were sympathetic to the Confederate States of America who seceded, but they were a minority group in the state. California businessmen played a significant role in Californian politics through their control of mines, shipping, finance, and the Republican Party. But they were a minority party until the secession crisis.

When California was admitted as a state under the Compromise of 1850, Californians had already decided it was to be a free state. The constitutional convention of 1849 unanimously abolished slavery. As a result, Southerners in Congress voted against admission in 1850 while Northerners pushed it through, pointing to its population of 93,000 and its vast wealth in gold. Northern California, which was dominated by mining, shipping, and commercial elites of San Francisco, favored becoming a state. In the United States presidential election, 1856, California gave its electoral votes to the winner, James Buchanan.

Following California's admission to the Union, Californios and pro-slavery Southerners in lightly populated, rural Southern California attempted three times in the 1850s to achieve a separate statehood or territorial status. The last attempt, the "Pico Act" of 1859, was passed by the California State Legislature. It was signed by the State governor John B. Weller and approved overwhelmingly by voters in the proposed "Territory of Colorado". The proposal was sent to Washington, D.C. with a strong advocate in Senator Milton Latham. However the secession crisis following the election of Abraham Lincoln in 1860 led to the proposal never coming to a vote.

In 1860 Lincoln won 38,733 popular votes, only 32% of the total. But it was enough to win all four of California's electoral votes.

On July 24, 1861, the Secretary of War called on the Governor of California for enlisted volunteer to guard the overland mail route from Carson City to Salt Lake City. They were also to guard Fort Laramie. The initial call was for five companies of cavalry plus one regiment of Infantry. On August 14, four more regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry were requested. They were to report to General Edwin Vose Sumner. These volunteers replaced the regular troops transferred to the east before the end of 1861. California would have to protect itself using its own manpower during the Civil War.

Both the Union and the Confederacy wanted California's gold. Ulysses S. Grant once said "I do not know what we would do in this great national emergency if it were not for the gold sent from California." The Confederates also needed ports that were not being blockaded by the Union Navy. If they could get control of Southern California it would give them the ports it badly needed. Southern California had a number of Southerners who moved to California during the Gold Rush. While they were a minority, they wanted Southern California to secede from the Union and join the Confederate states. At the time, Northern California was very pro-Union. A number of pro-Confederate groups were organized in Southern California. These included the Los Angeles Mounted Rifles and chapters of the Knights of the Golden Circle, a secret pro-slavery organization.

The pro-Union state militias and Union forces used a number of forts and camps in California. One of the best known is Alcatraz Island. Before it was a federal prison, it was a prisoner of war camp for Confederate prisoners. The last army fort still standing is the Drum Barracks. It was the headquarters of the Union Army in Southern California and the Arizona Territory.

Quassel

Quassel IRC, or Quassel, is an IRC client, introduced in 2008. It is released under the GNU General Public License for GNU and Unix-like operating systems, OS X, and Microsoft Windows. Since the release of Kubuntu 9.04 (Jaunty Jackalope) Quassel is Kubuntu's default IRC client. Quassel uses the Qt application framework.

Palisade cell

Palisade cells are special cells in the leaves of plants. They are the main place where photosynthesis takes place. They absorb light so photosynthesis can take place. 

They have the largest number of chloroplasts per cell of any plant tissue. They convert the light to chemical energy in the form of carbohydrates. The cells are just below the epidermis and cuticle.

Extermination through labor

Extermination through labour is a way of torturing and killing prisoners. In a system of extermination by labour, prisoners are forced to do very heavy work without enough food or medical care. Eventually, prisoners die from malnutrition, illness, or injury.

Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union both had systems of extermination through labor. Some people describe North Korea's prison system as a system of extermination through labor.

The term "extermination through labor" was first used during World War II. Most of the Nazi SS did not use the term ("Vernichtung durch Arbeit" in German). However, Albert Bormann, Joseph Goebels, Otto Georg Thierack, and Heinrich Himmler used the term during the fall of 1942, while talking about moving prisoners to concentration camps. Thierack and Goebbels specifically used the term. The phrase was used again during the Nuremberg Trials after World War II ended.

In the 1980s and 1990s, historians have argued over whether this term is appropriate. For example, Falk Pingel believed the phrase should not be applied to all Nazi prisoners. On the other hand, Hermann Kaienburg and Miroslav Kárný believed "extermination through labour" was one of the SS's specific goals. More recently, Jens-Christian Wagner has also argued that not all Nazi prisoners were targeted with death, so "extermination through labor" might not be the best way to describe the Nazis' goals for those prisoners.

During the Holocaust, the Nazis, led by Adolf Hitler, persecuted, tortured, and killed millions of people because of differences in race, ethnicity, politics, religion, sexual orientation, and disability.

The Nazis also persecuted people who were "German-blooded," but who the Nazis thought of as "social misfits" ("aisoziale"). The Nazis said these people led useless "ballast-lives" ("Ballastexiltenzen"). These people included:
The Nazis lists of these people and persecuted them in many ways. For example, some were forced to be sterilized. Many were eventually sent to prison camps for "extermination through labor." Along with them, anyone who spoke out against the Nazi regime (like communists, social democrats, democrats, and conscientious objectors) were sent to prison camps. Many of them did not survive.

Extermination through labor was an important part of the Nazis' Final Solution - their plan to kill all the Jews in Europe.

In the Nazi prison camps, prisoners were treated like slaves:

Workers were also tortured and physically abused. For example, victims of "Torstehen" ("Gate Hanging") had to stand outside naked with their arms raised – like a gate hanging on its hinges. When they collapsed or passed out, they would be beaten until they re-assumed the position. Victims of "Pfahlhängen" ("Post Attachment") were tied with their hands behind their back and were hung by their hands on a tall stake. This would dislocate the prisoner's arm joints, and the pressure would be kill them within hours.

During the Holocaust, the Nazis built concentration camps and then extermination camps to imprison their victims. These "camps" were not just prisons. Their goal was not just to keep people locked up. Their goal was to torture and destroy people. All parts of camp life came along with humiliation and harassment. Forced labour was a part of this. Prisoners were whipped and treated like animals. Some forced labor was meant to help the German war machine grow. However, other prisoners were forced to do pointless heavy labor just to wear them down. There were "no limits to working hours," according to official Nazi policy.

A slave worker on a work assignment usually lived less than four months, on average. Up to 25,000 of the 35,000 prisoners forced to work for IG Farben at Auschwitz concentration camp died. Some died from exhaustion or disease. Others were killed after the Nazis decided they were not healthy enough to work any more.

Some work assignments were deadlier than others. Some prisoners were assigned to dig tunnels for German weapons factories during the last months of the war. About 30% of them died. In the satellite camps, which were near mines and industrial firms, death rates were even higher. In these satellite camps, the supplies were often even less adequate than in the main camps.

The phrase "Arbeit macht frei" ("work shall set you free") appeared on the entry gates at Auschwitz and other Nazi labor camps.

Some historians call the Soviet Gulag a system of death camps,<ref name="Joel Kotek / Pierre Rigoulot "Gefangenschaft, Zwangsarbeit, Vernichtung""> Joel Kotek / Pierre Rigoulot "Gefangenschaft, Zwangsarbeit, Vernichtung", Propyläen 2001</ref> particularly in post-Communist Eastern European politics. Other historians argue that this trivializes the Holocaust (makes the Holocaust seems like it was not so bad) because, at least after the war ended, a very large majority of people who entered the Gulag left alive.

Alexander Solzhenitsyn introduced the expression "camps of extermination by labour" in his non-fiction work "The Gulag Archipelago". In the book, Solzhenitsyn argues that the Soviet Union beat its enemies by making them work as prisoners on big state-run projects (like the White Sea-Baltic Canal, quarries, remote railroads, and urban development projects) under terrible conditions. Roy Medvedev comments: "The penal system in the Kolyma and in the camps in the north was deliberately designed for the extermination of people." Alexander Nikolaevich Yakovlev writes that Stalin was the "architect of the gulag system for totally destroying human life."

According to formerly secret internal Gulag documents, some 1.6 million people must have died in the period between 1935 and 1956 in Soviet forced labour camps and colonies. This does not include people who died in prisoner-of-war camps. Most (about 900,000) of these deaths fell between 1941 and 1945. At that time, World War II was ongoing, and food supplies were low in the entire country.

Russian historian Oleg Khlevniuk writes that about 500,000 people died in the camps and colonies from 1930 to 1941. However, these figures do not include people who died in transport (on their way to the camps). It also does not include the number of people who died shortly after their release due to the harsh treatment in the camps (there were many of these people, according to both archives and memoirs).

Historian J. Otto Pohl estimates that 2,749,163 prisoners died in the labour camps, colonies, and special settlements. He says this figure is incomplete.

In 2010, Stanford historian Norman Naimark wrote a book called "Stalin's Genocides". Naimark said scholars should change the word "genocide" so that it also meant killing people because they were in a social class or had political beliefs so that Stalin's killings would count as genocide.

It is believed that similar camps are operating in North Korea, and killed at least 20,000 political prisoners in 2013 alone, with at least 130,000 held therein.




GN-z11

GN-z11 is a galaxy. It was the oldest known galaxy and farthest-known galaxy from Earth until 2022. It is located 32 billion light years (302.74 sextillion km) away from us.

Konversation

Konversation is an Internet Relay Chat (IRC) client. It is built on the KDE Platform. It is free software released under the terms of the GNU General Public License. It is the default IRC client in many Linux distributions, such as openSUSE, the KDE spin of Fedora, and Kubuntu.

Lagerordnung

The Lagerordnung (the "Disciplinary and Penal Code") was a set of rules for punishing prisoners at Dachau concentration camp in Nazi Germany. On January 1, 1934, the Lagerordnung became the official rules of every concentration camp in Nazi Germany.

Also known as the "Strafkatalog" (Punishment Catalogue), it set out the rules the prisoners had to follow. SS guards were told to report to the camp commandant when a prisoner broke a rule.

The Concentration Camps Inspectorate was in charge of carrying out punishment. They did this without making sure the prisoner had actually broken the rule. Once they were accused, prisoners had no way of proving themselves innocent.

At first, the Nazis had built temporary concentration camps, like Kemna concentration camp. These earlier camps did not have common, agreed-upon rules. Instead, they took the "Lagerordnung" from rules that were often used in police departments and prisons at the time.

There was not much difference between the rules at the early concentration camps. Some did not allow smoking; others allowed prisoners to receive food parcels or visits from family members. The rules were still based on existing laws, and the camps were patterned after ordinary prisons. The early camps had penalties like having privileges taken away, or for more severe cases, solitary confinement, a hard bed, not being given food, or being left in solitary confinement in a darkened cell. However, there was no corporal punishment. The early camps were primarily controlled by the SA or the Gestapo.

However, Dachau was under the control of the SS. Sometime in May 1933, SS camp commandant Hilmar Wäckerle wrote the first "Lagerordnung" for a concentration camp. It gave all legal powers to the camp commandant. The Dachau Lagerordnung allowed prisoners to be executed based on a decision from two SS men who had been chosen by the commandant. The accused prisoner would no longer have a defense. The executive, judicial, and legislative parts of government were all placed together under the camp commandant's power. There would be no system of checks and balances. The threat of the death penalty was always there, which created a constant state of emergency for Dachau's inmates.

The first legalized murders took place at Dachau. (There would never be as many political murders in any of the other, earlier concentration camps than there were in Dachau's first few months.) Sophie Handschuh, the mother of one of the murdered prisoners, filed a formal complaint to find out what had really happened to her son. The resulting prosecution forced Himmler to replace Wäckerle. Himmler chose Theodor Eicke, a fanatical "SS-Oberführer" who had, in March 1933, been committed for evaluation at a psychiatric clinic at the University of Würzburg due to extremely violent behavior. Himmler arranged for Eicke to be released, asking his doctor, Werner Heyde, to talk to Eicke and get him to promise to control himself.

Six months later, on October 1, 1933, Commandant Eicke wrote a second edition of the "Lagerordnung", adding the Postenpflicht and introducing corporal punishment (flogging). The "Lagerordnung" established a "state within a state." The second edition established an orderly system in which "legally" arrested political opponents could be tortured and executed.

From this point on, all SS concentration camps were to follow the Dachau model and become a "state within a state": shielded centers of terror with their own laws and judges, without legal defense, and with their own executable violence.

After January 1, 1934, all subsequent versions of the "Lagerordnung" were effective for all SS-run concentration camps.

[Translator's note: The sometimes odd phrasing, inconsistencies of capitalization, and style itself are from the source, not the translator.]

Dachau Concentration Camp<br>
Office of the Commandant, October 1, 1933
Disciplinary and Penal Code for the Detention Camp

Introduction

The following penalties are issued within the scope of existing camp regulations, to maintain order and discipline on the grounds of Dachau concentration camp, 
These regulations apply to all prisoners of the DCC from the time of admission on, till the hour of discharge.

"These rules are added on to the list of rules Dachau already has. Its goal is to keep order and discipline at Dachau. They apply to all prisoners, all the time."<br>
The consummate authority of punishment is in the hands of the camp commandant, who is personally responsible to the political police commander for the implementation of the rules as issued.

"[The camp commandant has complete and total authority to punish prisoners. He is in charge of implementing these rules.]"<br>
Tolerance means weakness. Realizing this, there will be a ruthless grip there, where, in the interests of the fatherland, it appears necessary. The decent, incited [sic] "Volksgenosse" will not come into contact with these penalties. But to the politicizing rabble-rouser and intellectual agitator — regardless of which direction — let it be said, beware, that you're not nabbed, otherwise you'll be grabbed by the neck and after your own recipe, [sic] made to hold your peace.

"["Tolerance means peace." People who speak out against Germany will be punished badly. People who mind their own business and do not question Germany will not be punished this way. But people who try to cause trouble by getting people upset about politics will be forced to be quiet.]"

§1

§5

To be punished with 8 days of hard time and with several weeks of punitive labor:

1. Whoever shirks his work or feigns physical deficiency or disease with the aim of being idle.

2. Whoever leaves a work place or workshop without command, prematurely backs in, fails [at quitting time] to check out with the supervising SS man, checks out at quitting time with a fellow prisoner.

§6

To be punished with 8 days of hard time and be flogged 25 times with a stick at the beginning and end of the punishment:

1. whoever makes derogatory or sarcastic remarks to an SS member, deliberately neglects the mandatory salute, or by his manner otherwise indicates that he will not submit to the compulsory discipline and order,

2. whoever as prisoner-sergeant, as prisoner-corporal or as foreman exceeds the powers as "Ordnungsmann", assumes the rights of a superior with respect to other prisoners, maneuvers preferred work or any other advantage for politically like-minded prisoners, bullies politically otherwise-minded fellow prisoners, makes false reports about them or in some way discriminates.
§7

Will be punished with 14 days of severe time

1. Whoever exchanges his assigned housing with another, unauthorized without the order of the commander of the company, or incites or misleads fellow prisoners,

2. whoever attaches forbidden or camp-made items in outgoing laundry packages, hides or sews in clothing items etc.,

3. whoever enters or leaves barracks, housing, or other buildings outside the stipulated entry ways, crawls through windows or existing openings,

4. whoever smokes in the barracks, toilets and in flammable atmospheres, or stores or sets flammable items down in such areas. If a fire occurs as a result of disregarding this ban, then sabotage will be assumed.

§8

Will be punish with 14 days of severe time and be flogged 25 times with a stick at the beginning and end of the punishment:

1. Whoever leaves or enters the prison camp without escort, whoever follows a work column marching out of the camp, unauthorized,

2. whoever in letters or other communication makes derogatory remarks about National Socialist leaders, the state and government, authorities and establishments, exalts Marxist or liberal leaders or "November parties", communicates goings-on in the concentration camp,
3. whoever keeps prohibited items, tools, batons and knives in his room or in straw sacks

§9

Will be punished with 21 days of severe time

Whoever carts off government-owned items, of whatever sort, from said location to another, deliberately damages, destroys, squanders, alters or uses for any other than purpose than prescribed; apart from the penalty, according to circumstances, is liable to some or all of the prisoners for any losses incurred.

§10

Will be punished with 42 days of severe time or lengthy detention in solitary confinement:

1. Whoever accumulates sums of money in the camp, finances prohibited efforts in or outside of the camp, or brings fellow prisoners to heel or binds them to secrecy through money,

2. whoever has sent to himself sums of money which come from prohibited Rote Hilfe collections, or distributes to fellow prisoners,

3. clergy who make announcements that lie outside the framework of pastoral care, slip letters or messages to be passed on, [whoever] seeks the clergy to achieve forbidden objectives,

4. the symbols of the National Socialist state or the pillars of same, makes contemptible, curses, or in other ways disregards,

§11

Whoever in the camp, at work, in the barracks, in kitchens and workshops, lavatories and rest areas, for the purpose of agitating, politicizes, gives provocative speeches, meets with others for this purpose, forms cliques, or gads about, gathers true or untrue news to further the goals of the opposition's atrocity-propaganda [sic] about the concentration camp or its institutions, receives, buries, passes along to foreign visitors or others, smuggles outside the camp using a secret message or other means, in writing or verbally gives released or transferred [prisoners], hides in articles of clothing or other items, using rocks, etc. throws over the camp wall, or draws up ciphers; moreover, whoever for the purpose of inciting, climbs up on barracks roofs or trees, gives or seeks connection outside [the camp] through light signals or other means, or whoever induces others to escape or commit a crime, and to this end, gives advice or supports through other means, by dint of revolutionary justice, will be hanged as an agitator!
§12

Whoever assaults a guard or SS man, refuses to obey him or refuses to work at a work site, calls on or leads others for the purpose of mutiny or the same assault, as mutineer leaves a marching column or workshop, calls on others during a march or at work to hoot, shout, agitate or gives speeches, will be shot on the spot as a mutineer or hanged afterwards.

§13

Whoever deliberately causes in the camp, in the barracks, workshops, work sites, in kitchens, warehouses etc. a fire, an explosion, water or some other damage to property, moreover whoever carries out actions on the wire hindrance, on a power line in a switching station, on telephone or water lines, on the camp wall or other security installation, on heating or boiler plants, on machines or vehicles, which do not meet the order given, will be punished with death for sabotage. If the action happened because of negligence, then the guilty party will be held in solitary confinement. In cases of doubt, sabotage will nevertheless be assumed.

§14

Whoever offers gifts to an SS man or guard, seeks to win him over with gifts, money or other means, carries out actions for the purpose of subverting the SS troops, enters into a political discussion in the presence of a guard or SS man, about Marxism or other November Party or glorifies their leaders, makes derogatory remarks about the SS, SA, the National Socialist state, its leader and its institutions, or appears otherwise insubordinate, moreover whoever at the camp produces or passes along to others forbidden items for the purpose of smuggling secret messages or for purposes of attack, will be held for community perilousness in perpetual solitary confinement. Release for such persons is out of the question.

§15

Whoever repeatedly avoids work, despite previous warning stays away from roll calls for work assignments or head counts, constantly reports to the doctor or dentist without reason, feigns physical suffering or disability doesn't march [out to work], constantly acts lazy and sluggish, was unclean, writes obnoxious letters, steals from fellow prisoners, hits, bullies [others] for their attitude, derides or ridicules, will be punished for incorrigibility with continuous punitive labor, detention, with punitive exercise or be flogged.

§16

Whoever after the onset of curfew moves outside his quarters, forms a crowd with others, on the order of an SS man does not disperse at once, after the onset of the alarm does not immediately seek out his own quarters or during an extended alarm leave the station or the windows open [sic], will be shot at by the nearest SS man or guard.
§17

Whoever keeps forbidden items (tools, knife, files, etc.) or wears civilian clothing unauthorized, can be held in solitary confinement for suspicion of escape.

§18

Whoever as "stubenältester", as foreman or as prisoner suspects or becomes aware of the intent to commit sedition, mutiny, sabotage or some other punishable act, if he does not immediately report his knowledge, will be punished as a perpetrator. The informer will not be held responsible for filing a false report, if, through special circumstances, he was misled.

§19

Hard time will be carried out in a cell with a hard bed and bread and water. Every 4th day, the inmate will receive a warm meal. Punitive labor involves hard physical or particularly dirty work, which will be carried out under special supervision.
Supplementary punishments that may be considered:
punishment exercise, corporal punishment, withholding of mail, withholding of food, hard bed, strappado, reprimand and warnings. All punishments will be kept on file. Hard time and punitive labor lengthen the protective custody a minimum of 8 weeks; addition of a supplementary punishment lengthens the protective custody a minimum of 4 weeks. Prisoners kept in solitary confinement will not be released in the foreseeable future.

The "Kommandant" of the Concentration Camp

(signed) SS-"Oberführer" Eicke 


Guanacaste

Guanacaste ("Enterolobium cyclocarpum") also known as elephant-ear tree or devil's ear is a species of flowering tree in the pea family, Fabaceae. It is native to tropical regions of the Americas. It is the national tree of Costa Rica.

Common names in some other languages are:

"Enterolobium cyclocarpum", the scientific name of the guanacaste tree was given by August Grisebach to this plant in 1864.


The guanacaste is a large tree, growing to tall, with a trunk up to in diameter. The bark is light gray. The crown (the upper part of tree) is broad and widely spreading. Leaves are long, alternate and compound.

The guanacaste is evergreen, or briefly deciduous for 1–2 months during the dry season (without rains). Most leaves fall in December, at the start of the dry season. In late February, leaves start to appear and produce a fresh, thick crown by April.

Flowers are hermaphrodite; the pollination is by insects like bees.

The fruit is a legume (also known as a pod) with the shape of a human ear.

The guanacaste tree is native to tropical America. It grows from southern Mexico through Central America to northern South America. It is found also in the West Indies. It has been introduced in other tropical regions.

It grows normally at an elevation from sea level to , usually along the coast and rivers.

The wood is reddish-brown, lightweight and water-resistant; it is used to make objects like doors, windows, furniture, cabinets, and for shipbuilding. It is used also as firewood.


Rex Tillerson

Rex Wayne Tillerson (born March 23, 1952) is an American businessman and the 69th United States Secretary of State. He served from February 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018. He was the chairman and CEO of Exxon Mobil Corporation, the fifth largest company by market capitalization until his resignation in 2017.

In December 2016, President-elect of the United States Donald Trump announced his intention to nominate Tillerson to be the Secretary of State. The United States Senate approved of his nomination on February 1, 2017 and shortly assumed the office. On March 13, 2018, Trump fired Tillerson and said he would nominate Mike Pompeo to succeed him as Secretary of State. Tillerson's term officially ended on March 31, 2018.

Tillerson was born on March 23, 1952, in Wichita Falls, Texas. Tillerson received a bachelor's degree in civil engineering from the University of Texas at Austin in 1975.

Tillerson joined Exxon in 1975, and by 1989 had become general manager of the Exxon USA central production division. In 1995 he became president of Exxon Yemen Inc. and Esso Exploration and Production Khorat Inc. In 2006, Tillerson was elected chairman and chief executive officer of Exxon, the world's 6th largest company by revenue. Tillerson retired from Exxon effective December 31, 2016, and was succeeded by Darren Woods. He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering. He resigned his position from Exxon to pursue his nomination of United States Secretary of State.

On the evening of December 10, the BBC cited NBC reports that "sources close to Mr Trump [were] ... saying that Mr Tillerson is likely to be named next week" and that former UN ambassador John Bolton "will serve as his deputy". On December 12, "The New York Times" reported that he had been chosen. On December 13, 2016, President-elect Donald Trump announced that Tillerson would be his nominee for Secretary of State.

On January 11, 2017, Tillerson's congressional confirmation hearing was held. Tillerson was approved by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on January 23, 2017, to be Secretary of State when it voted 11-10 to send his nomination to the full Senate. The Senate confirmed Tillerson as Secretary of State on February 1 2017. The Senate voted 56 to 43, with all Republicans in support and 42 Democrats voting against him.

On March 13, 2018, Trump fired Tillerson as Secretary and nominated Director of the CIA Mike Pompeo of the position. His term ended on March 31, 2018.

Tillerson is married to Renda St. Clair. They have four children. He resides in Irving, Texas.


John F. Kelly

John Francis Kelly (born May 11, 1950) is a retired United States Marine Corps General. He was the 28th White House Chief of Staff from July 31, 2017 to January 2, 2019. Kelly was the 5th United States Secretary of Homeland Security, serving from January through July 2017.

He is the former Commander of United States Southern Command (USSOUTHCOM). Kelly last served as the commanding general of the Multi-National Force—West in Iraq from February 2008 to February 2009, and as the commander of Marine Forces Reserve and Marine Forces North in October 2009.

Kelly was born on May 11, 1950 in Boston, Massachusetts, into an Irish Catholic family.

He served for one year as a United States Merchant Marine. Kelly initially enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps in 1970, and was discharged from active duty as a sergeant in 1972.

Kelly received a Master of Science degree in National Security Studies from the Georgetown School of Foreign Service in 1984. He also studied at the University of Massachusetts, Boston.

On December 7, 2016, it was reported that then-President-elect Donald Trump nominated Kelly to be the fifth United States Secretary of Homeland Security.

On January 20, 2017, Kelly was confirmed as Secretary of Homeland Security by the United States Senate with a vote of 88-11. On that evening he was sworn in by Vice-President Pence.

On July 28 2017, he was appointed to replace Reince Priebus as White House Chief of Staff.

Early into his tenure, media outlets such as "The New York Times", "The Washington Post" and FiveThirtyEight speculated that Kelly would bring moderation and discipline to the White House. In August 2017, early into Kelly's tenure, the "Washington Post" wrote that Kelly had "left no discernible imprint on the White House's philosophy" and that it was unclear if he would bring calm and rigor to the White House.

On December 8, 2018, Trump announced that Kelly would be leaving the position by the end of the year. He left the office on January 2, 2019.

Kelly is married to Karen Hernest. They have three children.

In 2010, Kelly’s 29-year-old son, First Lieutenant Robert Kelly, was killed in action when he stepped on a landmine while leading a platoon of Marines on a patrol in Sangin, Afghanistan. Robert Kelly's death made John Kelly the highest-ranking military officer to lose a son or daughter in Iraq or Afghanistan.


Scott Pruitt

Edward Scott Pruitt (born May 9, 1968) is an American lawyer and Republican politician from the state of Oklahoma. Scott was the 14th Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from February 17, 2017 until his resignation on July 6, 2018. He was the Oklahoma Attorney General serving from 2011 through 2017. Pruitt was a State Senator, representing Tulsa and Wagoner counties from 1998 until 2006. 

On December 7, 2016, President-elect Donald Trump selected Pruitt to be his nominee as the next Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. On February 17, 2017, the Senate confirmed Pruitt's nomination, by a vote of 52-46. While critics, such as Senator Bernie Sanders, described him as a climate change denier, he believes that the climate is changing and human activity is responsible to climate change.

Pruitt ran for the United States Senate in the 2022 special election to replace Senator Jim Inhofe.

Pruitt was born in 1968 in Danville, Kentucky, but moved to Lexington, Kentucky when he was young. He studied at Georgetown College earning his Bachelor of Arts degree and at the University of Tulsa earning his Juris Doctor degree.

Pruitt represented Tulsa and Wagoner Counties in the Oklahoma Senate from 1998 until 2006. In 2006, Pruitt launched an unsuccessful campaign to receive the Republican nomination for Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma.

In 2010 Pruitt was elected Attorney General of Oklahoma. In that role, he supported religious freedom laws and fought against abortion rights, same-sex marriage, the Affordable Care Act, and environmental regulations as a self-described "leading advocate against the EPA’s activist agenda".

On September 9, 2014, in "Pruitt v. Burwell", the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma ruled against the IRS.

On December 7, 2014, The New York Times published a front-page story highlighting that Pruitt had used his office's stationery to send form letters written by energy industry lobbyists to federal agencies during public comment.

In April 2015, Pruitt wrote a letter to school superintendents stating that schools can lawfully allow the dissemination of religious literature on campus.

In May 2016, Attorneys General Pruitt and Luther Strange authored an op-ed in the National Review criticizing other state attorneys general for "acting like George III" regarding the ExxonMobil climate change controversy, writing "global warming has inspired one of the major policy debates of our time. That debate is far from settled. Scientists continue to disagree about the degree and extent of global warming and its connection to the actions of mankind."

On December 7, 2016, President-elect Donald Trump announced his plans to nominate Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. The nomination was reviewed during hearings held by the members of the Environment and Public Works Committee. He then passed to the full Senate for a vote. On February 17, 2017, the United States senate confirmed his nomination with a 52-46 vote. He was sworn-in the next day by Vice President Mike Pence.

During his tenure, Pruitt was accused of corruption for misusing the EPA's money for his personal gain. Many Senators and other politicians called for Pruitt's resignation.

Under fire since his appointment, Pruitt resigned on July 5, 2018, leaving Andrew R. Wheeler as the acting head of the agency.

In April 2022, Pruitt announced his candidacy for the U.S. Senate in the special election to replace retiring Senator Jim Inhofe. He lost the Republican nomination in the first round of voting in June 2022.

Pruitt married Marlyn Pruitt in 1992. They have two children.


Linda McMahon

Linda Marie McMahon (née Edwards; born October 4, 1948) is an American professional wrestling magnate and politician. She is the 25th Administrator of the Small Business Administration serving from February 14, 2017 to April 12, 2019. McMahon was active with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE, known as the World Wrestling Federation, short WWF, until 2002) from 1980 to 2009. She had been married to Vince McMahon since 1966.

McMahon was born Linda Marie Edwards in New Bern, North Carolina, the daughter of Evelyn and Henry Edwards. She earned her Bachelor of Arts degree from East Carolina University.

McMahon was active with the WWE from 1980 to 2009. During this time, the company grew from a small regional business in the North East to a large multinational corporation.

As President and later CEO of the company, she created the company's civic programs, "Get REAL" and "Smackdown Your Vote". She occasionally made on-screen appearances, most notably in a wrestling "feud" with her husband which climaxed at WrestleMania X-Seven. McMahon and her husband became wealthy through WWE's success, and the McMahon family name is now synonymous with the professional wrestling industry.

In 2009, McMahon left the WWE to run as a Republican for a seat in the United States Senate from Connecticut, but lost to Democratic Party nominee Richard Blumenthal in the general election of 2010.

McMahon was the Republican nominee for Connecticut's other Senate seat in the 2012 race, but lost to Democratic Representative Chris Murphy.

On December 7, 2016, President-elect Donald Trump announced his intention to nominate McMahon to be the Administrator of the Small Business Administration when he takes office. McMahon was confirmed by the full Senate on February 14, 2017, with a vote of 81-19.

On March 29, 2019, it was officially made public by the Trump administration that McMahon would be stepping down as the Administrator of the Small Business Administration. The resignation took effect on April 12, 2019.
On April 15, 2019, McMahon was officially named Chairman of America First Action, a pro-Trump Super PAC.

McMahon married Vince McMahon in 1966. Together they had two children: Shane and Stephanie. McMahon is a Roman Catholic.


Azerbaijan State Symphony Orchestra

The Hajibeyov Azerbaijan State Symphony Orchestra (Azeri: "Hacıbəyov adına Azərbaycan Dövlət Simfonik Orkestri") was formed in 1920, at the request of composer Uzeyir Hajibeyov after whom it was later named. It was one of the first orchestras in the Soviet Union. It is part of the Azerbaijan State Philharmonic Society.

Composers such as Rhené-Baton and Otto Klemperer were invited from abroad to help in establishing and training the orchestra. From 1938 to 1984, Hajibeyov's nephew Niyazi was conducting the orchestra. After his death, the conducting has been performed by "People's Artist" of Azerbaijan, Professor Rauf Abdullayev. The orchestra has toured a number of countries including the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Turkey, and Egypt.


Diana Lynn

Diana Lynn (July 5, 1926 – December 18, 1971) was an American actress of the stage, cinema and television. 

Lynn was born Dolores Marie Loehr on July 5, 1926, in Los Angeles, California. Her father, Louis Loehr, was an oil supply executive. Her mother, Martha Loehr, was a concert pianist. She was considered a child prodigy. She began taking piano lessons when she was 4 years old, and by the age of 12, she played with the "Los Angeles Junior Symphony Orchestra".

In 1939, she made her movie debut playing the piano in "They Shall Have Music". She played again, with Susanna Foster, in "There's Magic in Music", when it was decided that she had more potential than she had been allowed to show. Later, Paramount Pictures changed her name to "Diana Lynn". They began casting her in movies that allowed her to show her personality and developed her skills as an actress.

As a solo pianist, she released at least one single on Capitol Records, accompanied by the Paul Weston orchestra.

In 1964, Lynn had a six-month stint on Broadway, replacing Barbara Bel Geddes in "Mary, Mary". In the early 1950s, she starred with Maurice Evans in "The Wild Duck" on Broadway.

Before filming started on "Play It as It Lays", Lynn suffered a stroke and died on December 18, 1971. She was 45.


Jason Kander

Jason Kander (born May 4, 1981) is an American lawyer and Democratic Party politician. He was elected Secretary of State of Missouri in 2012, serving from January 2013 through January 9, 2017. He served as a state representative before becoming secretary of state. He was an intelligence officer in the Army National Guard, achieving the rank of Captain. 

He was the Democratic nominee for the United States Senate, losing the 2016 Senate election to Republican incumbent Roy Blunt.

On June 25, 2018, Kander announced that he will run for mayor of Kansas City in 2019 to replace term-limited incumbent Sly James. He dropped out on October 2, 2018, after revealing that he suffered from PTSD and depression.

John Neely Kennedy

John Neely Kennedy (born November 21, 1951) is an American politician. He is the United States Senator from Louisiana. Before becoming a senator, he was the State Treasurer of Louisiana. He is a member of the Republican Party. 

He served five terms as Treasurer of Louisiana. He took office in the United States Senate on January 3, 2017, after defeating Democratic candidate Foster Campbell in the Senate election runoff by over 21 percentage points.

Sun of May

The Sun of May ("el sol de mayo") is a national emblem of Argentina and Uruguay. It is a reference to the May revolution in Argentina, which led to that country's later independence from Spanish rule. In Uruguay it also refers to the May revolution. On 25 May 1810, the sun came out in Buenos Aires during a public gathering. This was seen as a good omen for the future success of the independence struggle.<ref name=uruflg/z>

Peter van Straaten

Peter van Straaten (25 March 1935 – 8 December 2016) was a Dutch cartoonist and comics artist. He was best known for his political cartoons as well as his satirical observations of everyday people. He also had a newspaper comic strip "Vader & Zoon", which ran in "Het Parool" for almost two decades.

Van Straaten announced his retirement on 2 August 2016. He died four months later on 8 December in Amsterdam, at the age of 81.

Alan Thicke

Alan Willis Thicke (born Alan Willis Jeffery; March 1, 1947 – December 13, 2016) was a Canadian actor, songwriter, and game and talk show host. He was known for his role as Jason Seaver, the father on the ABC television series "Growing Pains." 

He was the father of singer Robin Thicke.

Thicke died at his home in Burbank, California on December 13, 2016 from a sudden Aortic dissection, aged 69.


Jewish diaspora

The Jewish Diaspora was a time formally described as" the scattering of the Jews." A time after the Babylonian captivity when Jews settled in different places, eventually settling together.

Shirley Hazzard

Shirley Hazzard (30 January 1931 – 12 December 2016) was an Australian-born American author of fiction and non-fiction. She was born in Australia, but held citizenship of the United States. Her 1970 novel, "The Bay of Noon", was shortlisted for the Lost Man Booker Prize in 2010
and her 2003 novel "The Great Fire" won the U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.

Hazzard died in New York City on 12 December 2016 from complications of dementia, aged 85.

Frederick Wiseman

Frederick Wiseman (born January 1, 1930) is an American filmmaker, documentarian, and theatrical director.

In 2016, he was a recipient of an Academy Honorary Award from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.


Anne V. Coates

Anne Voase Coates (12 December 1925 – 8 May 2018) was a British movie editor with a more than 60-year-long career. She was best known as the editor of David Lean's epic movie "Lawrence of Arabia" in 1962. 

Coates was born in Surrey, England. She studied at Bartrum Gables College. Coates worked as a nurse in East Grinstead. She was married to Douglas Hickox until his death in 1988. Together, they had two sons and one daughter.

Coates has been nominated five times for the Academy Award for Film Editing for the movies "Lawrence of Arabia", "Becket" (1963), "The Elephant Man" (1980), "In the Line of Fire" (1993), and "Out of Sight" (1998). She was awarded BAFTA's highest honour, a BAFTA Fellowship, in February 2007 and was given an Academy Honorary Award, which are popularly known as a Lifetime Achievement Oscar, in November 2016 by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.

Coates died on 8 May 2018, at a retirement center in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California.


David Somerset, 11th Duke of Beaufort

David Robert Somerset, 11th Duke of Beaufort (23 February 1928 – 16 August 2017), known as Mr David Somerset until 1984, was a British peer. He served as a member of the House of Lords from 5 February 1984 to 11 November 1999. He was President of the British Horse Society between 1988 and 1990, and was chairman of Marlborough Fine Art.

Somerset died on 16 August 2017 at his home in Badminton, Gloucestershire, South West England at the age of 89.


Lester L. Wolff

Lester Lionel Wolff (January 4, 1919 – May 11, 2021) was an American politician. He was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from New York. He served as a representative from 1973 through 1981.

He was president of the International Trade and Development Agency. In 2014, Wolff received the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest civilian award in the United States.

Wolff was also the chair of the Touro College Pacific Community Institute, the author of numerous books on foreign policy, and the host of weekly PBS show "Ask Congress".

Wolff died on May 11, 2021 at a hospital in Syosset, New York at the age of 102.

Field hockey at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament

The men's field hockey tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics was the 22nd edition of the field hockey event for men at the Summer Olympic Games. It was held over a thirteen-day period beginning on 30 July. The medal finals were on 11 August. All games were played at the Riverbank Arena within the Olympic Park in London, United Kingdom.

Defending champions Germany won the gold medal for the fourth time. They defeated the Netherlands 2–1 in the final. Australia won the bronze medal by defeating Great Britain 3–1.



Fisher-Price

Fisher-Price is an American company. It produces toys for children. Since 1992, the company has been owned by Mattel.

The company was founded in 1930.

The company has produced toys including "Barney & Friends" related products, "Dora the Explorer" products and some Disney, "Muppets" and Sesame Street products. 

Matchbox (brand)

Matchbox is a toy brand which got started in 1953. It is now owned by Mattel. The toys were sold in boxes similar to those in which matches were sold.

The brand made various toys, like action figures and toy vehicles such as model cars.

In May 1992, the company was sold to Tyco Toys. Five years later, Tyco was sold to Mattel. Matchbox was originally a competitor to Hot Wheels.

Die-cast toy

A die-cast toy is any toy produced by the process of die casting. The toys are made of metal with plastic, glass and rubber details. The most common die-cast toys are scale models of vehicles, aircraft and trains. Hot Wheels toys are an example of die-cast cars. Early die-cast toys were made of lead. Modern toys are made of Zamak which is an alloy of zinc, aluminium, magnesium, and copper.


West African Vodun

Vodun (meaning "spirit" in the Fon and Ewe languages, with a nasal high-tone "u"; also spelled Vodon, Vodoun, Vodou, Voudou, Voodoo, etc.) is practiced by the Ewe people of eastern and southern Ghana, and southern and central Togo; and the Kabye people, Mina people, and Fon people of southern and central Togo, southern and central Benin. It is also practiced by some Gun people of Lagos and Ogun in southwest Nigeria. All the which belong to Gbe speaking ethnic groups of West Africa, except the Kabye. 

It is different from the African traditional religions in the middle of these countries and is the main source of religions with similar names found among the African Diaspora in the New World such as Haitian "Vodou"; Puerto Rican "Vodú"; Cuban "Vodú"; Dominican "Vudú"; Brazilian "Vodum"; and Louisiana "Voodoo". All of these closely related faiths are syncretized with Christianity to various degrees and with the traditional beliefs of the Kongo people and Indigenous American traditions.

Caaguazú Department

Caaguazú () is a department in Paraguay. The capital is the city of Coronel Oviedo. Its code is PY-05.

In 1712, Gregorio Bazán de Pedraza founded the town of Villa de San Isidro Labrador de Curuguaty, followed by Ybytimí in 1715, San Joaquín in 1746, and Carayaó in 1770.

The department was created in 1906 with the name of "Yhú"; the town of Yhú was named as the capital of the department. Other towns were Ajos (present day Coronel Oviedo), Carayaó, San Joaquín and Caaguazú. Upon territorial reorganization in 1945, it was given the name of Caaguazú.

Its present limits were defined in 1973.

The Caaguazú department is in middle of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , of the area of Paraguay. Its estimated population in 2013 is 484,177 for a population density of inhabitants/km.

The "Caaguazú mountain range" crosses the department from the north to the south. The main river in the department, and of Paraguay, is the Paraguay.


, the total amount of precipitation for the year 2012 in the city of Coronel Oviedo was . The month with the most precipitation was April with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was August with .

The average temperature for the year 2012 in Coronel Oviedo was . The warmest month, on average, was December with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 22 districts:



Ulisseia (epic poem)

Ulisseia ou Lisboa Edificada is an epic poem by Portuguese poet Gabriel Pereira de Castro. It was published by author's brother Luís Pereira de Castro in 1636. The poem is written in ottava rima (oitava rima in Portuguese). The stanza is rhymed abababcc. The poem is about discovery of Portugal by Ulysses.

<poem>
As Armas e o varão que os mal seguros
Campos cortou do Egeu e do Oceano,
Que por perigos e trabalhos duros
Eternizou seu nome soberano:
A grã Lisboa e seus primeiros muros
(De Europa e largo Império Lusitano
Alta cabeça), se eu pudesse tanto,
À Pátria, ao mundo, à Eternidade canto.
</poem>



Combined gas law

The combined gas law is a formula about ideal gases. It comes from putting together three different laws about the pressure, volume, and temperature of the gas. They explain what happens to two of the values of that gas while the third stays the same. The three laws are:
The combined gas law shows how the three variables are related to each other. It says that:

The formula of the combined gas law is:

where:

To compare the same gas with two of these cases, the law can be written as:

By adding Avogadro's law to the combined gas law, we get what is called the ideal gas law.

Boyle's Law states that the pressure-volume product is constant:
Charles's Law shows that the volume is proportional to the absolute temperature:
Gay-Lussac's Law says that the pressure is proportional to the absolute temperature:
where "P" is the pressure, "V" the volume and "T" the absolute temperature of an ideal gas.

By combining (1) and either of (2) or (3), we can gain a new equation with "P", "V" and "T". If we divide equation (1) by temperature and multiply equation (2) by pressure we will get:
As the left-hand side of both equations is the same, we arrive at
which means that

Substituting in Avogadro's Law yields the ideal gas equation.

The combined gas law can be used to explain the mechanics where pressure, temperature, and volume are affected. For example: air conditioners, refrigerators and the formation of clouds and also use in fluid mechanics and thermodynamics.




Kevin Shinick

Kevin Shinick (19 March, 1969, Merrick, New York) is a voice actor, screenwriter and producer. He won an Emmy Award in 2010 for Outstanding Short-Format Animated Program for "Robot Chicken". Shenick is the creator, voice actor and producer of the comedy series Mad (TV series). He was also a writer for Robot Chicken.

Bill English

Sir Simon William "Bill" English (born 30 December 1961) is a New Zealand politician. He was the 39th Prime Minister of New Zealand from 2016 to 2017 and the leader of the National Party. He was previously Deputy Prime Minister from 2008 to 2016.

At the 2017 general election, National won the largest share of the party vote (44.4%) and the largest number of seats (56) in the House Representatives.

However, National lacked enough seats to govern alone due to two of the party's support partners, the Māori Party and United Future, losing their parliamentary seats. In response, English announced that the party would be entering into talks to form a coalition with New Zealand First. However, on 19 October 2017, Jacinda Ardern became the next Prime Minister after Winston Peters announced he would enter a coalition government with Labour.


Big data

Big data is a term used for certain database systems. It is used for a number of technologies which help to organize, gather and analyse data. 

At least some of the following characteristics apply:



Big data is used to analyse different subjects. Through the analysis, new information can be gained. Bigger amounts of data make it easier to find reliable information. It is used in many different areas, such as government, health care, insurance, media, advertisement and information technology.

The data is gathered among other things through:


Big data has been criticised for different reasons. One prominent criticism is the increasing surveillance to gather data, which takes place in many new forms. Edward Snowden has revealed how the American National Security Agency (NSA) uses digital technology to spy on people around the world. Another prominent criticisms is data privacy, which is about the risk of sensitive personal data leaking because it is not protected well enough.

A more fundamental critique of big data is just because it is bigger, it is not automatically better. The quality of the data still has to be controlled. It also says that data analysis can only ask "what" is happening, but not "why" it is happening.

European Women's Handball Championship

The European Women's Handball Championship is the official competition for the women's national handball teams of Europe. It takes place every two years. In addition to crowning the European champions, the tournament is also a qualifying tournament for the Olympic Games and World Championship.

As of December 2014, the only teams that have ever won the championship are Norway (six times), Denmark (three times), Hungary and Montenegro (once). Denmark has hosted the most European Championships for three times, in 2010 Denmark was co-host with Norway.

Thirunallar Saniswaran temple

Tirunallar Dharbaranyeswarar Temple or Dharbaranyeswarar Temple is a famous Hindu temple that is dedicated to Lord Shani or Lord Saturn. It is located in Thirunallar of Karaikal district in Puducherry Union territory, India. Another name of this temple is Dharbaranyeshwarar Temple. The main deity of the temple is Lord Shiva (Lord Dharbaranyeshwarar).

The main deity Lord Shiva is said to be made with the "dharbha grass", from which the temple got its name of Dharbaranyeshwarar Temple. The temple also centers Lord Saniswaran or Lord Saturn as one of the main gods. The shrine of Thirunallar is famous for this lord. According to Hinduism, Lord Saniswaran resides in each rasi or zodiac sign for about two and half years. The temple is revered by hymns of the Shaiva poets like Appar, Sundarar and Sambandar. Therefore it is classified as Paadal Petra Sthalam or the shrine which was revered by hymns of the poets.

Nagore

Nagore is a town in the Nagapattinam district in Tamil Nadu, India. It is one of the important Islamic shrine in Tamil Nadu. Five centuries old Nagore Dargah is famous throughout the state.It attracts thousands of people daily. The total population of Nagore is 97,525. It is 12km away from Karaikal and 5 km away from district headquarters Nagapattinam.

The Nagore Kandhuri Festival is very famous throughout the region. The festival season in Nagore falls in the month of May.Nagore Dargah is famous because any religious people can gather in the religious site. It is the Common Religious Gathering Point of thousands of people visiting the place each day.

Nagore is also famous for sweets and fishes that are obtained from the coastal region of Nagore. The Nagore Railway station is one of the crowded railway station in that region, since thousands of devotees come through railway to the holy Dargah.

Nellore

Nellore is a city in Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is located in the banks of Penna River. It is the fourth most populous city in Andhra Pradesh. The city is well known for agriculture and aquaculture.It is the headquarters of the Nellore district. The total population of the city is 600,869.Density is 4000/km.

The name is said to be taken from Purana that depicts, a linga under the Nelli tree(Amla or Indian gooseberry). From then the place is called as Nelli-ooru then the name emerged as Nellore. It is said that the city existed since the Mauryan dynasty.

The main economy of the city is based on agriculture and aquaculture. The main productive is Shrimp culturing.The Nellore city is located near the coastal region of Bay of Bengal.

Protologism

A protologism is a brand new word. Most people don't know about the word after its creation. Only a tiny group of people have ever used the word. Sometimes the coiner is the only person who has ever used the word. Sometimes people create protologisms because of a gap in the language.


Riederalp

Riederalp is a municipality of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 November 2003, the former municipalities of Goppisberg, Greich and Ried-Mörel merged into the new municipality of Riederalp.


Steg, Valais

Steg was a municipality of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Steg and Hohtenn merged into the new municipality of Steg-Hohtenn.


Tirupati

Tirupati is a city in Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh state in India. It is a municipal corporation and headquarters of Tirupati revenue division and Tirupati mandal (taluk). As of the census of 2011, Tirupati is the 9th most populous city in Andhra Pradesh with the total population of 287,482. Population of the urban agglomeration of Tirupati is 459,985.

Tirupati has one of the most visited tourist attraction as well as religious shrine and the second richest temple in the world, the Tirumala Venkateswara Temple. This temple is one of the holiest Hindu pilgrimage sites. Because of this temple, Tirupati is considered as "the Spiritual capital of Andhra Pradesh".

Tirupati is mainly world renowned for the holy temple as well as its prasadham, the Tirupati Laddu. The Tirupati Laddu is a famous naivedhyam or prasadham offered to devotees in the Tirumala Venkateshwara Temple.The other attractions here are the Padmavathi Temple, Govindaraja Temple, Kapileshwara Temple, Kapila Theertham, and Sri Kodhandaramaswami Temple.The second largest zoo park in Asia is the Venkateshwara Zoological Park, which is located in Tirupati.

Chittoor

Chittoor is a city and district headquarters of the Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is the headquarters of the Chittoor mandal and Chittoor revenue division. Telugu is the widely spoken language in this region. The total population of Chittoor city was 353,766 as of the 2011 Census of India.

The total area of the city is .

The main attraction in this city is the Chandragiri Fort.

Nara Chandrababu Naidu was born in Chittoor. He is the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh and the leader of the Telugu Desam Party.

Ajmer

Ajmer is a city in Rajasthan, India. Ajmer is the headquarters of the Ajmer district. The city was established as ""Ajayameru"" by a Chahamana ruler, either Ajayaraja I or Ajayaraja II, and served as their capital until the 12th century CE. 

Ajmer is surrounded by the Aravalli Mountains. Ajmer had been a municipality since 1869. Ajmer has been selected as one of the heritage cities for the HRIDAY and Smart City Mission schemes of the Government of India.

The main tourist places here are the Ajmer Sharif, Taragarh Fort, Soniji Ki Nasiyan, Nareli Jain Temple and many attracts tourists. The Pushkar Lake is located 11km away from Ajmer.

Arrondissements of the Aube department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Aube department.

The arrondissements of Aube are:

Since its creation, the Aube department has had few changes:


Arrondissement of Bar-sur-Aube

The arrondissement of Bar-sur-Aube is an arrondissement of France, in the Aube department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Bar-sur-Aube.

When the Aube department was created in 1800, the "arrondissement" of Bar-sur-Aube was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Bar-sur-Aube is in the east of the Aube department. It is bordered to the north by the Marne department, to the east and southeast by the Haute-Marne department and to the southwest and west by the Troyes "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Bar-sur-Aube is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of , and it is also the "arrondissement" with fewest inhabitants (28,733 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only 3 cantons in the arrondissement of Bar-sur-Aube; they are:


The "arrondissement" of Aube has 104 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Nogent-sur-Seine

The arrondissement of Nogent-sur-Seine is an arrondissement of France. It is in the Aube department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Nogent-sur-Seine.

When the Aube department was created in 1800, the "arrondissement" of Nogent-sur-Seine was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Nogent-sur-Seine is in the northwest of the Aube department. It is bordered to the north by the Marne department, to the east by the Troyes "arrondissement", to the south by the Yonne department and to the west by the Seine-et-Marne department.

The "arrondissement" of Nogent-sur-Seine has an area of and a population of 54,177 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 5 cantons in the arrondissement of Nogent-sur-Seine; they are:


The "arrondissement" of Nogent-sur-Seine has 80 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Troyes

The arrondissement of Troyes is an arrondissement of France, in the Aube department, Grand Est region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Troyes.

When the Aube department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Troyes was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Troyes is in the middle of the Aube department. It is bordered to the north by the Marne department, to the east by the Bar-sur-Aube "arrondissement", to the south by the Côte-d'Or department, to the southwest by the Yonne department and to the west by the Nogent-sur-Seine "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Troyes is the largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, with , and in population, with 225,184 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 14 cantons in the arrondissement of Troyes; they are:
The "arrondissement" of Troyes has 247 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


A14 road (Great Britain)

The A14 is a major road in England. It is a trunk road which runs roughly east to west, from the Port of Felixstowe, Suffolk to the junction of the M1 and M6 motorways near Rugby, Warwickshire. Along the way, it crosses the ancient main north-south route of Watling Street, now the A1.

The road forms part of the Trans European Road Network, and runs mostly through Suffolk, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.

It is part of unsigned Euroroutes E24 and E30.

Karaikal Ammaiyar Temple

The Karaikal Ammaiyar Temple is the Hindu temple in Karaikal of Pondicherry Union territory, India. It is dedicated to goddess Karaikal Ammaiyar, one of the 63 nayanmars of Shaiva. She is one of the renowned goddess in Karaikal.The earliest findings of Carnatic Music poetry were told to be sung by Karaikal Ammaiyar in praise of Lord Shiva in Thiruvalangadu, a village.

The temple of Karaikal Ammaiyar was constructed by Malaiperumal Pillai in the year 1929. Malaiperumal Pillai was born in Karaikal in the year 1890 and dead in 1937.The Ammaiyar temple has the sanctums for goddess Karaikal Ammaiyar, Lord Somanathar (Lord Shiva) & Lord Vinayaka.

The mangani (Mango) festival celebrated is the most famous festival in Karaikal.On the month of Aani(June-July), this festival is celebrated every year. This was since Lord Shiva in procession as Bikshatadanamurthi came to the world begging. In Karaikal, Ammaiyar gave him a mango and curd rice. The festival is considered spiritual because it is said that the women participating in the festival and eating the mango thrown, will be given the boon of child.

Kadapa

Kadapa is a city in Rayalseema region of Kadapa district of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is the headquarters of the Kadapa district.The city is said to be nicknamed "Gadapa" (threshold), as it is the gateway to the sacred Tirumala hills from the west. The city is surrounded by Nallamala and Palakonda hills.The city is known for its spicy and culinary food.

Kadapa is one of the fastest growing cities in Andhra Pradesh. As of the 2011 Census of India, the city had a population of 344,078. The literacy rate of the city is 79.34%. Telugu is the widely spoken language in Kadapa. English, Hindi and Urdu are the other languages that are spoken in Kadapa.

For transportation, Kadapa has its own airport and railway stations. Kadapa Airport is a domestic airport. The Mumbai-Chennai line, one of the busiest railway line passes through Kadapa Railway station .

Vadodara

Vadodara is the Second largest city in Gujarat, India. It used to be called Baroda. It is the administrative capital or headquarters of Vadodara district in Gujarat. The city is on the banks of Vishwamitri River. The city is famous for Lakshmi Vilas Palace, an excellent architectural palace. It is also the place for the Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda (Vadodara), the largest university in the state.

The city is an important place of industrial, educational and cultural centre in India. Vadodara has its own airport. The Vadodara Airport has good connectivity with Mumbai, Chennai, Delhi, Kolkata and other main airports. An international terminal was built and was inaugurated by PM Narendra Modi in 2016. Vadodara Railway Station is one of the busiest railway station in Gujarat. It deals with about 150 trains daily.

As of the 2011 census, Vadodara metropolitan area had a population of 3,565,771. Gujarati, Urdu, Marathi and Hindi are the widely spoken languages in Vadodara. Vadodara has the oldest cricket ground in Asia, the Moti Baug Stadium. Vadodara is the birthplace of cricketers like Yusuf Pathan, Irfan Pathan, Nayan Mongia, Deepak Hooda, Hardik Pandya, Krunal Pandya, Ambati Rayudu and Kiran More.

Vijayawada

Vijayawada is the second largest city in Andhra Pradesh, India. It is on the banks of Krishna River. Vijayawada is a municipal corporation and headquarters of the Andhra Pradesh Capital Region Development Authority and Vijayawada mandal. It is also known as the business capital of Andhra Pradesh. This is because it is one of the major trading and business center of the state.

Vijayawada is the second largest city after the Visakhapatnam port city, in Andhra Pradesh. The city is recognised as the Global City of the Future by "McKinsey Quarterly". According to the 2011 census the total population of the city is 1,034,358. The urban area population is 1,476,931. The literacy rate of the city is 82.59%.

Vijayawada Railway station is an important junction in the south central railway zone. Vijayawada Airport is well connected with nearby cities such as Hyderabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Visakhapatnam, Tirupati and Kadapa.

Vellore

Vellore is an important city in Tamil Nadu, India. It is the headquarters of Vellore district. It is located on the banks of Palar River.The area of Vellore covers about 87km.The total population of Vellore city is 423,425 as per 2001 census.Vellore is the base place where two of India's top 10 educational institutions located.They are:Christian Medical College Hospital and VIT University.

Vellore region is the top exporter of finished leather goods in the country. Vellore leather accounts for more than 37% of the country's export of leather and leather-related products. 

Vellore Fort, Science Park, Vainu Bappu Observatory, Amirthi Zoological Park, Religious places such as Jalakandeswarar Temple, Srilakshmi Golden Temple, Big Mosque and St. John's Church and Yelagiri Hill station are the top tourist attractions in and around Vellore.

Warangal

Warangal is a city in Telangana, India. It is the headquarters of Warangal district in Telengana. Warangal is the second largest city after Hyderabad by both area as well as population. 811,844 people live in Warangal.

Warangal is one of 12 heritage cities in the country chosen for Scheme HRIDAY – Heritage City Development and Augmentation Yojana by Government of India. It is also selected as a smart city in the "fast-track competition", so it may get additional investment to improve the urban infrastructure and industrial opportunities under Smart Cities Mission.

Warangal was the capital of the Kakatiya dynasty from 1195 CE until that ruling family was defeated by the Delhi Sultanate in 1323. The city was then renamed as Sultanpur. After the Telangana movement, Telangana state was formed on 2 June 2014, Warangal became part of Telangana State. Bhadrakali Lake and Waddepally Lake are the two famous lakes are the major sources of drinking water.

James Gillray

James Gillray (13 August 1756 or 1757 – 1 June 1815) was a British caricaturist and printmaker. He was famous for his cartoons. They were etched political and social satires, mainly published between 1792 and 1810.

Gillray has been called "the father of the political cartoon". He satirized George III, prime ministers and generals. He was one of the two most influential cartoonists of that time: the other was William Hogarth. Gillray's wit and humour, knowledge of life, and fine drawing, gave him the first place among caricaturists.

The name of Gillray's publisher and print seller was Miss Hannah Humphrey. Her shop is always associated with the caricaturist. Gillray lived with Miss (often called Mrs) Humphrey for the entire period of his fame.

Although he satirized George III as "Farmer George", his main target was the gluttonous Prince of Wales (later George IV). Napoleon was another favourite target. Gillray was especially hard on the rich, the famous and the most powerful people.

Many of his prints were sent to Germany and reprinted in the magasine London und Paris.

The Elf on the Shelf

The Elf on the Shelf: A Christmas Tradition is a 2004 children's picture book. It was written by Carol Aebersold and her daughter Chanda Bell. The book was illustrated by Coë Steinwart. It tells a Christmas-themed story, written in rhyme. The story explains how Santa Claus knows who is naughty and who is nice. It describes elves visiting children between Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve, after which they return to the North Pole until the next holiday season.

Debutante

A debutante is a young woman who is first introduced into society. In former times, these young ladies would be part of nobility, or the upper class. Originally, the term meant the young person was now old enough to be married. The purpose of the coming out was to display her to eligible bachelors and their families. The term comes from French, and can be translated as "beginner". 

In those days, a young lady of quality could not meet anyone unless they were introduced to her. This introduction could happen at an event (such as a ball) which was part of the 'season'. In the United Kingdom there was a formal presentation of the debutants to the monarch at the Royal Court (abolished by the present Queen Elizabeth II in 1957). According to the peerage guide Debrett's, the traditional social season runs from April to August. The dress code for debutantes is traditionally a pure white ball gown and white evening gloves.

Fentanyl

Fentanyl (sometimes spelled fentanil) is a synthetic opioid that is used as a painkiller. It also acts as a sedative. It has a short duration of action and works rapidly. The two most common forms are patches that are put on the skin, and an intravenous solution. Paul Janssen developed Fentanyl in 1960. It is about 120 times as potent as morphine; this means much less Fentanyl is needed to get the same effect. 

The effects of the intravenous solution can be seen after three to five minutes. In about twelve hours, the concentration in the bloodstream will have halved. 

Many deaths have resulted from its improper use. Fentanyl has a relatively wide therapeutic index (270) which makes it a very safe surgical anesthetic when monitored carefully. Because it is so potent, finding the right dose to use requires great care: Fentanyl comes as a highly diluted solution. There is also a powder, but its use is impractical without advanced scientific equipment: The effective dose needed and a lethal dose of fentanyl powder placed next to each other would be difficult or impossible to differentiate with the naked eye.

Non-medical use of fentanyl by people without opioid tolerance can be very dangerous and has resulted in many deaths. Even people with opiate tolerance are at high risk of overdoses. Fentanyl is used as a recreational drug. This has led to thousands of overdose deaths each year from 2000 to 2015. It is now "the leading cause of death for young adults in the US". It is also the main cause of death in British Columbia for people aged between 10 and 59. 

Most of it comes from Mexico. As it is so powerful the quantities are very small. All the fentanyl needed to supply the US for a year weighs about 5 tonnes. This makes it hard to stop. Very few people are needed to make it. Heroin is not used so much now because fentanyl is more profitable. It has not spread much outside North America.


Aube (river)

The Aube is a river in France. It is a right tributary of the Seine. The Aube department is named after the river.

The Aube river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of . 

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Arcis-sur-Aube in the Aube department.

The source of the Aube river is in the Langres Plateau, in the "commune" of Praslay, at an altitude of about , in the Haute-Marne department.

The Aube river flows through 2 regions, 4 departments and 80 "communes". It flows through the following "communes", among others:

Finally, it flows into the Seine river in the town of Marcilly-sur-Seine in the Marne department.

The main tributaries of the Aube river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Terza rima

Terza rima is a three-line rhyme scheme of Italian origin. The first line rhymes with the third one. The second line is free and can rhyme with a line in the next strophe. 

Terza rima occurs in sonnets. Sonnets are often composed of two quatrains and two terza rimas, for example abba abba cdc dcd. This scheme can be found in many Italian, Spanish and Portuguese sonnets. This sonnet by the 16th century Portuguese poet Francisco de Sá de Miranda is a good example.
<poem>
"O sol é grande, caem co’a calma as aves,"
"do tempo em tal sazão, que sói ser fria;"
"esta água que d’alto cai acordar-m’-ia"
"do sono não, mas de cuidados graves."

"Ó cousas, todas vãs, todas mudaves,"
"qual é tal coração qu’em vós confia?"
"Passam os tempos vai dia trás dia,"
"incertos muito mais que ao vento as naves."

"Eu vira já aqui sombras, vira flores,"
"vi tantas águas, vi tanta verdura,"
"as aves todas cantavam d’amores."

"Tudo é seco e mudo; e, de mestura,"
"também mudando-m’eu fiz doutras cores:"
"e tudo o mais renova, isto é sem cura!" 
</poem>

Usually terza rimas are linked to each other making long chain-like sequences. There is an extra line at the end of the sequence. The scheme of rhymes is: aba bcb cdc ded... xyx yzy z. Terza rimas are suitable for long poems. The best known example is The Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri. Perhaps every child in Italy knows these lines by heart.
<poem>
"Nel mezzo del cammin di nostra vita"
"mi ritrovai per una selva oscura,"
"ché la diritta via era smarrita." 

"Ahi quanto a dir qual era è cosa dura"
"esta selva selvaggia e aspra e forte"
"che nel pensier rinova la paura!" 

"Tant’è amara che poco è più morte;"
"ma per trattar del ben ch’i’ vi trovai,"
"dirò de l’altre cose ch’i’ v’ ho scorte." 
</poem>
Spanish poet Bernardo de Balbuena, who lived in Mexico, wrote a long poem in terza rima named "Grandeza mexicana"
<poem>
"Oh tú, heroica beldad, saber profundo,"
"que por milagro puesta a los mortales"
"en todo fuiste la última del mundo;"

"criada en los desiertos arenales,"
"sobre que el mar del sur resaca y quiebra"
"nácar lustroso y perlas orientales;"

"do haciendo a tu valor notoria quiebra,"
"el tiempo fue tragando con su llama"
"tu rico estambre y su preciosa hebra;"
</poem>

In Britain Robert Browning used terza rima in "The Statue and the Bust":

<poem>
"There’s a palace in Florence, the world knows well," 
"And a statue watches it from the square," 
"And this story of both do the townsmen tell." 
"Ages ago, a lady there," 
"At the furthest window facing the east," 
"Asked, “Who rides by with the royal air?”' 
"The bridesmaids’ prattle around her ceased:"
"She leaned forth, one on either hand;" 
"They saw how the blush of the bride increased."
</poem>

Percy Bysshe Shelley invented a sonnet built of fout terza rimas and a couplet. It rhymes aba bcb cdc ded ee. Shelley used it in "Ode to the Western Wind". It consists of five sonnets. Let us look at the first one.
<poem>
"O wild West Wind, thou breath of Autumn's being,"
"Thou, from whose unseen presence the leaves dead"
"Are driven, like ghosts from an enchanter fleeing,"

"Yellow, and black, and pale, and hectic red,"
"Pestilence-stricken multitudes: O thou,"
"Who chariotest to their dark wintry bed"

"The winged seeds, where they lie cold and low,"
"Each like a corpse within its grave, until"
"Thine azure sister of the Spring shall blow"

"Her clarion o'er the dreaming earth, and fill"
"(Driving sweet buds like flocks to feed in air)"
"With living hues and odours plain and hill:"

"Wild Spirit, which art moving everywhere;"
"Destroyer and preserver; hear, oh hear!"
</poem> American poet Robert Frost in his poem "Acquainted with the Night" used aba bcb cdc dad aa scheme.

Jan Kasprowicz, who translated Shelley's poem into Polish, used this scheme in a work by his own. It is called "Cisza wieczorna". ("Evening Silence").

Another form composed of terza rimas is a villanelle. It is made up of nineteen lines. It rhymes according to the scheme aba aba aba aba aba abaa. An example is "Do not go gentle into that good night" by Welsh poet Dylan Thomas.

Therapeutic index

The therapeutic index is a number that tells how safe it is to use a drug. It is found by dividing two numbers: the dose needed so that half of all people show the wanted result and the dose which will kill half of them.

Geodetic datum

A geodetic datum is used to locate a given position when using a set of reference, such as a map. That way a set of coordinates might reference an exact location on the map. 

Sic semper tyrannis

Sic semper tyrannis is a Latin phrase attributed to Marcus Junius Brutus, one of the people who assassinated Julius Caesar. It can be translated as "Thus always to tyrants". John Wilkes Booth is believed to have said the phrase after assassinating Abraham Lincoln.
It is also the motto of the Commonwealth of Virginia.

Karl Ernst von Baer

Karl Ernst Ritter von Baer, Edler von Huthorn (; – ) was an Estonian scientist and explorer. Baer is also known in Russia as Karl Maksimovich Baer ().

Baer was a naturalist, biologist, geologist, meteorologist, geographer, and a founding father of embryology.

He was an explorer of European Russia and Scandinavia. He was a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, a co-founder of the Russian Geographical Society, and the first president of the Russian Entomological Society.

European Russia

Russia is a country that is in both in Europe and Asia. About twenty-five percent of the area is in Europe, and seventy-five percent is in Asia. 

By population, about 110 million of the 144 million people, or 80%, live in the European part. The European part makes up 40 % of the surface of Europe. In the European part of Russia, there are 27.5 people per square kilometer. The Asian part (Siberia) has 20 % of the population, which means there are 2.5 people per square kilometer. 

The two biggest cities, Moscow and Saint Petersburg are in the European part. Moscow is big, with a population of 12.9 million people.

Foreign and Commonwealth Office

The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (or Foreign Office) is a ministry of the Government of the United Kingdom. Its job it is to protect British interests around the world.

The minister responsible is known as the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, which is usually shortened to "Foreign Secretary". This position is one of the four most important in the government's Cabinet. David Cameron is the current Foreign Secretary of the UK.

École nationale supérieure de mécanique et d'aérotechnique

The École nationale supérieure de mécanique et d'aérotechnique is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the "Futuroscope".

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at ENSMA.


Research activities at ENSMA relate to the following topics:


Steg-Hohtenn

Steg-Hohtenn is a municipality in the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Hohtenn and Steg merged into the new municipality of Steg-Hohtenn.



Fuller House (TV series)

Fuller House is an American television sitcom. This is the sequel to "Full House", which aired on ABC from 1987 to 1995. The show looks at Donna Josephine "D.J." Tanner, now a widowed mother of three sons living in San Francisco.

Most of the original "Full House" series cast members returned to play the same characters in "Fuller House". They have made guest appearances or have returned to their original acting roles. Candace Cameron Bure plays D.J. Tanner. Jodie Sweetin plays Stephanie. The sister of widowed mom of three and the cool aunt of Tommy jr, Max and Jackson. Andrea Barber plays Kimmy. The best friend of D.J who later moves in with her daughter Ramona Gibbler. Her husband Fernando moves in in a later episode.

The series began on February 26, 2016 on Netflix. On March 2, 2016, a second season was ordered.

Italian Renaissance

The Italian Renaissance ( ) was the earliest beginning of the general European Renaissance. It was a period of great cultural change and achievement that began in Italy during the 14th century. It lasted into the 17th century, marking the gradual change between Medieval and Early Modern Europe. The term "renaissance" is a modern one that was first used in 1858 by French historian Jules Michelet. The Italian renaissance was a period of gradual change. Some parts can be traced back to the earlier part of the 14th century. Other parts did not happen until the end of the century. The French word "renaissance" ("Rinascimento" in Italian) means "Rebirth". The era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity. While it started as a humanist movement it spread to other areas including science, religion, art and exploration. During this period William Shakespeare wrote his plays, Leonardo da Vinci painted the Mona Lisa, and Martin Luther had started a new religious movement. It saw Christopher Columbus discover the Americas and Johannes Gutenberg introduced printing to Europe. The Italian "rebirth" gradually spread into Northern Europe. As it moved northward, it changed into less a classical movement and more into a religious movement. 

Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite

The Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) is a NASA space telescope searching for planets outside of the Solar System. Like the Kepler (spacecraft), it is using occultation to find these extrasolar planets but is searching a larger part of the sky. 

TESS was launched on April 18, 2018 on a SpaceX Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The total value of the launch services contract is US$87 million. SpaceX was awarded the launch in December 2014. As of November 2022 it had found 273 confirmed exoplanets and 4079 possible ones that need further investigation.

"TESS" is orbiting the Earth with a period of about 14 days, which is half of the period of the Moon. The orbit is highly elliptical, closer to the Earth at some points but very far at other times. "TESS" has four high-resolution cameras and continuously takes photos of the sky. It sends the photos to the laboratory on Earth which makes them available to scientists to study. Members of the public, like astronomy hobbyists and enthusiasts, can also download and see the photos.

The main purpose of "TESS" is to find planets around other stars. Such planets, when they are orbiting around their stars, partially cover the stars and make them not as bright half of the time. This is called occultation. 

"TESS" satellite is small, about in size, with the solar panel span of . It weighed at launch.


Barron Hilton

William Barron Hilton (October 23, 1927 – September 19, 2019) was an American business magnate, socialite, and hotel heir.

He was the son and successor of hotel pioneer Conrad Hilton. He created a record in business and philanthropy that was like his famous father's.

He was the retired chairman, president and chief executive officer of Hilton Hotels Corporation, and chairman emeritus of the Conrad N. Hilton Foundation. Hilton was also a founding partner of the American Football League and the original owner of the San Diego Chargers.

Hilton died at his Bel-Air, Los Angeles home on September 19, 2019 of natural causes at the age of 91.

Machine learning

Machine learning gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed (Arthur Samuel, 1959). It is a subfield of computer science.

The idea came from work in artificial intelligence. Machine learning explores the study and construction of algorithms which can learn and make predictions on data. Such algorithms follow programmed instructions, but can also make predictions or decisions based on data. They build a model from sample inputs.

Machine learning is done where designing and programming explicit algorithms cannot be done. Examples include spam filtering, detection of network intruders or malicious insiders working towards a data breach, optical character recognition (OCR), search engines and computer vision.

Using machine learning has risks. Some algorithms create a final model which is a black box. Models have been criticized for biases in hiring, criminal justice, and recognizing faces.

Learning algorithms try to predict what will happen in the future with patterns from the past. These predictions can be obvious: for example, if the sun rose for the past 10,000 days, it will probably rise again. These predictions can also be more complex. An example of a complex prediction is facial recognition (knowing who someone is by looking at face).

Machine learning programs can do things that is hasn't been told to do by a programmer. Machine learning programs will be shown some patterns. These patterns will be an input (such as a question) and an output (the answer to the question). Then, the machine learning program will predict the output based on the input. Machine learning isn't always necessary. Computers can do simple tasks by being told instructions. However, sometimes there are a lot of things that control the output. Then, it is hard for a human to tell the computer all of the instructions. It is sometimes easier to tell the computer how to teach itself.

There are a lot of different ways to tell the computer to teach itself. When a problem has a lot of answers, different answers can be marked as valid. This is used to form data that the computer is trained with. One example of training data is the data. The MNIST data has images of handwritten numbers. The computer can learn to identify handwritten numbers using the MNIST data. 

Arrondissements of the Meurthe-et-Moselle department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Meurthe-et-Moselle are:

Since its creation om 1871, the Meurthe-et-Moselle department has had few changes:


Indian Act

The Indian Act ("An Act respecting Indians"), is a Canadian statute that concerns registered Indians, their bands, and the system of Indian reserves. It was first passed in 1876 and is still in force with amendments. It is the primary document which governs how the Canadian state interacts with the 614 First Nation bands in Canada and their members. Throughout its long history, the Act has been an ongoing source of controversy. It has been interpreted in many ways by both aboriginal and non-aboriginal Canadians. The legislation has been amended many times, including "over twenty major changes" made by 2002.

Mark-Paul Gosselaar

Mark-Paul Gosselaar (born March 1, 1974) is an American actor. He is well-known for his roles on television. He played Zack Morris on "Saved by the Bell". He also played the detective John Clark on ABC's "NYPD Blue".

Gosselaar was born in the Los Angeles area of California.

Arrondissement of Briey

The arrondissement of Briey is an arrondissement of France, in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Briey.

When the Meurthe-et-Moselle department was created in 1871, the "arrondissement" of Briey was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Briey is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the Meurthe-et-Moselle department, in the panhandle. It is bordered to the northwest by Belgium, to the northeast by Luxembourg, to the east by the Moselle department, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Nancy, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Toul and to the west by the Meuse department.

The "arrondissement" of Briey has an area of . It is the smallest "arrondissement" but the second in population (164,589 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 6 cantons in the arrondissement of Briey; they are:
The "arrondissement" of Briey has 130 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

École des mines d'Albi-Carmaux

École nationale supérieure des mines d'Albi-Carmaux is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the Toulouse Tech (Southern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at Mines Albi.

Research activities at Mines Albi relate to the following topics:


Arrondissement of Lunéville

The arrondissement of Lunéville is an arrondissement of France, in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Lunéville.

When the Meurthe-et-Moselle department was created in 1871, the "arrondissement" of Lunéville was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Lunéville is in the southeast of the Meurthe-et-Moselle department. It is bordered to the north and east by the Moselle department, to the southeast by the Bas-Rhin department (a short border), to the south by the Vosges department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Nancy.

The "arrondissement" of Lunéville has an area of and a population of 79,567 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only 3 cantons in the arrondissement of Lunéville; they are:


The "arrondissement" of Lunéville has 164 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

Arrondissement of Nancy

The arrondissement of Nancy is an arrondissement of France, in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Nancy.

When the Meurthe-et-Moselle department was created in 1871, the "arrondissement" of Nancy was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Nancy is in the middle of the southern part of the Meurthe-et-Moselle department. It is bordered to the north by the Moselle department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Lunéville, to the south by the Vosges department, to the west by the "arrondissement" of Toul and to the northwest by the "arrondissement" of Briey.

The "arrondissement" of Nancy has an area of and a population of 417,430 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only 16 cantons in the arrondissement of Nancy; they are:
The "arrondissement" of Nancy has 188 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

Lady Jane Grey (poem)

"Lady Jane Grey" is an English epic poem by Francis Hodgson. It was published in 1809. It tells about the life and death of Lady Jane Grey.

Jane Grey, known as "The Nine Days Queen", was a great-granddaughter of the king Henry VII, father of Henry VIII. When Henry VIII's son and successor Edward VI died, the crown of England was offered to her. She was however soon put in prison by Queen Mary I of England, called "Bloody Mary". She was sentenced to death. She had her head cut off in the Tower of London. She was seventeen years old at the time.

Francis Hodgson was an English romantic poet. He was born in 1781. He was a friend of Lord Byron. He was known as a translator. He translated into English many works by Roman poets. He died in 1852.

The poem is written in iambic pentameter put in heroic couplets. Such form was typical for English poetry in 18th century.

<poem>
"Through these low grounds of sorrow, toil and strife,"
"As runs the troubled stream of human life,"
"Why should the poor laborious crowd repine?"
"For wealth, for honour, lovely Jane were thine,"
"Yet my sad tale examplifies in thee,"
"How equal are our shares of misery"
"Or in the highest, or the humblest lot,"
"The king's proud palace, or the straw-roof'd cot."
</poem>

The poem was reviewed in "The Satirist: Or, Monthly Meteor" and "The Anti-Jacobin Review and Magazine Or Monthly Political and Literary Censor".


Chigger

A chigger is a small, parasitic mite which lives in tall grass. It is a member of a larger family known as the Trombiculidae. 

The species of Trombiculidae which bite in their larval stage cause "intense irritation", or "a wheal, usually with severe itching and dermatitis". 

Their color can range from bright red to brown. Chiggers are almost too small to see with the naked eye, so checking grass for them is near impossible. Chigger bites appear 2-3 hours after a host is bitten, and can last for a few weeks. They bite in hot, moist places, such as the armpits, under the knees, and the genitals.

Trombiculidae live in forests and grasslands and in low, damp areas such as woodlands, berry bushes, orchards, along lakes and streams. It does live in drier places, such as lawns, golf courses, and parks. They are most numerous in early summer when grass, weeds, and other vegetation are heaviest. 

In their larval stage they attach to various animals and feed on skin, often causing itching. 

The best known species of chigger in North America is the hard-biting "Trombicula alfreddugesi" of the southeastern United States, humid midwest and Mexico. In the UK, the most common chigger, the "harvest mite", is "Trombicula autumnalis". It lives through Western Europe to Eastern Asia.

Arrondissement of Toul

The arrondissement of Toul is an arrondissement of France, in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Toul.

When the Meurthe-et-Moselle department was created in 1871, the "arrondissement" of Toul was part of that original department. In 1926, it was eliminated but became again an "arrondissement" in 1943.

The "arrondissement" of Toul is most western of the southern part of the Meurthe-et-Moselle department. It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Briey, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Nancy, to the south by the Vosges department and to the west by the Meuse department. It has an small exclave to the southeast of the "arrondissement" of Briey.

The "arrondissement" of Toul has an area of and a population of 69,418 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" with fewest inhabitants in the department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only 5 cantons in the arrondissement of Toul; they are:


The "arrondissement" of Toul has 112 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

Mick Mulvaney

John Michael "Mick" Mulvaney (born July 21, 1967) is an American politician. Mulvaney was the United States Special Envoy for Northern Ireland from 2020 to 2021. He was the 44th Director of the Office of Management and Budget from February 16, 2017 to March 2020. He was the U.S. Representative for from 2011 through 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party. Mulvaney served as a member of the South Carolina Senate, representing the 16th district (Lancaster and York Counties), from 2009 to 2011.

He is the first Republican to represent South Carolina's 5th district since 1883. On December 16, 2016, it was reported that Presidential-Elect Donald Trump has selected Mulvaney as Director of the Office of Management and Budget. On February 16, 2017, the Senate confirmed him, 51-49.

In November 2017, Trump controversially appointed Mulvaney as Acting Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.

On December 14, 2018, Trump hired Mulvaney as White House Chief of Staff-designate in an acting capacity.

In March 2020, President Trump nominated Mulvaney to be United States Special Envoy for Northern Ireland. In January 2021, Mulvaney resigned as Special Envoy for Northern Ireland following the storming of the U.S. Capitol.

Mulvaney was born in Alexandria, Virginia. He grew up in Charlotte, North Carolina, before moving to Indian Land, South Carolina. He studied at Charlotte Catholic High School and then Georgetown University.

Mulvaney ran against Democratic incumbent John Spratt for . The race was highlighted by Mitt Romney's Free and Strong America PAC's "Take Congress Back: 10 in '10" initiative as one of the top 10 House challenger races. He defeated Spratt, who had held the seat since 1983, with 55% of the vote.

Mulvaney won re-election to a second term, by defeating Democrat Joyce Knott 56%–44%. He won re-election to a third term, by defeating Democrat Tom Adams, a Fort Mill Town Council member, 59%–41%. Mulvaney was re-elected to a fourth term, winning over 59% of the vote.

Mulvaney aligned himself with the Tea Party movement. On December 10, 2013, Republican Representative Paul Ryan and Democratic Senator Patty Murray announced that they had negotiated the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, a proposed two-year budget deal. In 2015, Mulvaney voted against a government-funding resolution, in part because it included funding for Planned Parenthood. Mulvaney opposed gun control initiatives.

In September 2015, Mulvaney endorsed Kentucky Senator Rand Paul in the 2016 Republican Party presidential primaries.

On December 16, 2016, Mulvaney was announced to have been chosen by President-elect Donald Trump to be the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.

Mulvaney's nomination as Director-designate was reviewed in hearings held by the members of the United States Senate Committee on the Budget and the United States Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs then presented to the full Senate for a vote. On February 16, 2017, the Senate confirmed Mulvaney, 51-49.

Trump appointed Mulvaney to serve as Acting Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Many believe that Trump cannot appoint an Interim director. The dispute has arisen over whether Mulvaney can be so-named under the FVRA or whether a provision of the Dodd-Frank Act controls, which would make the deputy director, currently Leandra English, acting director of the CFPB instead.

The Senate may also resolve the dispute by confirming a permanent replacement once nominated by the President. On November 28, 2017, a federal judge ruled in Trump's favor to allow Mulvaney to serve as CFRB Acting Director.

On December 14, 2018, Donald Trump named Mulvaney as his acting White House Chief of Staff, replacing John F. Kelly. He was sworn-in on January 2, 2019. He was replaced by Mark Meadows in March 2020.

After leaving his Chief of Staff post, Mulvaney was named Special Envoy for Northern Ireland, a role which had last been held by Gary Hart. His swearing-in was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which also prevented him from making a planned trip to Northern Ireland as envoy.

He was sworn in via virtual FaceTime call on May 1, 2020. He resigned on January 7, 2021.

Mulvaney has two siblings. He married his wife Pamela West in 1998. They have triplets. He is a Roman Catholic.


Charles Zwick

Charles John Zwick (July 17, 1926 – April 20, 2018) was an American civil servant. He served as director of the United States' Office of Management and Budget from January 29, 1968 until January 21, 1969 under the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.

Zwick died of cancer on April 20, 2018 in Coral Gables, Florida at the age of 91.

Series and parallel circuits

Two types of electrical circuits are the series circuit, and the parallel circuit.

In a series circuit, the electrical current is only able to flow around a single path. The current will flow from a power source, such as a battery, into one or more electrical loads, such as a light bulb, and then back to the power source. In a series circuit, the same amount of amperage from the power source flows through each load. The voltage in a series circuit is divided up across all of the loads. If one of the loads on a series circuit stops working, the current will not be able to flow through the rest of the circuit, and the rest of the loads will also stop working.

In a parallel circuit, the electrical current may flow along multiple paths before returning to the power source. The Voltage in a parallel circuit is the same across all of the loads in the circuit. In a parallel circuit, the amperage is divided up across all of the loads. If one of the loads in a parallel circuit stops working, the other loads in parallel will be able to continue to work. The voltage in a parallel circuit is the same on all the loads.

Assassination of Andrei Karlov

On 19 December 2016, Russian diplomat Andrei Karlov was shot dead during an exhibition in Ankara, Turkey. He was shot dead by an assailant who was angry about Russian involvement in Syria and the deaths of civilians in Aleppo.

Chromebook

A Chromebook is a laptop that uses the Linux-based Chrome OS as its operating system. 

It uses the internet. Most applications and data are in the "cloud". A Chromebook is an example of a thin client. It is a lightweight computer which uses remote access to a server. It depends heavily on another computer (its server) to do its computation.

In March 2018, Acer and Google announced the creation of the first Chromebook tablet: the Chromebook Tab 10. This device was to compete with the market for discount Apple iPad tablets in the education market. The Tab 10 screen (9.7 inches, 2048 x 1536 resolution) was identical to that of the iPad. The device includes a stylus. Neither device included a keyboard.

In March 2020, following the COVID-19 pandemic, many schools used Chromebooks to do school online, and put apps onto it like Google Meet and Zoom. 30 million Chromebooks were bought by schools in 2020 alone because of it. Some schools used iPads, but since they are too expensive for other schools, they use Chromebooks instead.

Gavialis

Gavialis is a genus of crocodylians that includes the living gharial "Gavialis gangeticus" and several extinct species.

Andrei Karlov

Andrei Gennadyevich Karlov (; 4 February 1954 – 19 December 2016) was a Russian diplomat. He served as the Russian Ambassador to Turkey from 12 July 2013 until his death. He also served as Russia's ambassador to North Korea from 9 July 2001 to 20 December 2006. He was born in Moscow.

Karlov, 62, was shot and killed on 19 December 2016 in Ankara, Turkey. His killer, 22-year-old Mevlüt Mert Altıntaş, was killed by security forces.

Jackson's Valley Campaign

Jackson's Valley Campaign, also known as the 1862 Shenandoah Valley Campaign, was a campaign conducted in Virginia's Shenandoah Valley in the spring of 1862 during the American Civil War. It was led by a relatively unknown Confederate General, Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson. His success in this campaign made him one of the most famous Southern generals. Jackson marched his army up and down the Shenandoah Valley for ten weeks. During that time, his army fought in five battles, winning four of them. He defeated three different Union armies. His movements tied down 70,000 Union soldiers, a force four times larger than his own. These soldiers were needed by Union general George B. McClellan for his Peninsula Campaign. Jackson's brilliant Valley Campaign is ranked among the great masterpieces of military strategy. Jackson's campaign is still studied at the United States Military Academy at West Point.

After a series of victories in the West, the Union Army of the Potomac launched a major offensive on the Virginia Peninsula. Their goal was to take Richmond, the Confederate States' capital. The Union was expecting a similar victory that could quickly end the war. In Virginia, the Union army now controlled the western part of the state. They established armies in Fredericksburg and in the lower Shenandoah Valley. While the Shenandoah Valley was important to both sides, it was far more important to the Confederacy. Its geography provided a natural corridor which Confederate armies could use to attack the North. It also provided a safe refuge when the same armies needed to move south again. The Shenandoah Valley was most important because its crops fed the Confederate armies.

The battle was fought in Frederick County and Winchester, Virginia on March 23, 1862. It was the opening battle in Jackson's Valley Campaign. Jackson's cavalry commander, Colonel Turner Ashby, had skirmished with Union troops on March 22, 1862. On March 23, Jackson sent his cavalry under Ashby against the Union position. Colonel Nathan Kimball, the Union commander, concentrated his forces on Pritchard Hill and also set up his artillery there. Jackson set up his artillery west of Pritchard Hill on Sandy Ridge. During the battle he visited his artillery position. He discovered that while he thought he was attacking a moderate sized Union army, he was in fact fighting an entire division. Seeing a force much larger than his, Jackson turned to his aide and said "We are in for it."

Jackson changed his attack plan. He placed his infantry around his guns on Sandy Ridge. Kimball, not realizing that his forces outnumbered Jackson's, attacked Sandy Ridge to silence the Confederate cannons. At about four o'clock, Kimball's infantry ran into Jackson's Stonewall Brigade at the base of Sandy Ridge with heavy fighting. Jackson only managed to hold his position even though he kept sending in more troops. The fight soon turned into a stalemate with neither side being able to push back the other. Kimball began sending in Union reinforcements and by six o'clock the Confederates were running out of ammunition. At this point they began to withdraw. Soon the withdrawal turned into a running fight that only ended after dark.

Although the battle was a Confederate tactical defeat, it represented a strategic victory for the South. It prevented the Union from sending forces from the Shenandoah Valley to reinforce McClellan on the peninsula.

After the battle of Kernstown, Jackson retreated south to Swift Run Gap. His army joined with Edward Johnson's Army of the Northwest. They were also joined by a division under Richard S. Ewell. Jackson now had about 17,000 Confederate soldiers.

Johnson's Army of the Northwest was about the size of a brigade. At the time he joined Jackson, his army was being followed by a Union brigade commanded by General Robert H. Milroy. Milroy was expecting support by another Union brigade under General Robert C. Schenck. Milroy moved west near the village of McDowell waiting for Milroy. Jackson, now at Staunton, Virginia, advanced his forces west towards Milroy and Scheneck's Union brigades. On May 8, Milroy attacked the Confederates on Sitlington’s Hill. For four hours the two armies fought, finally throwing Milroy's army back at nightfall. While the Confederates suffered greater casualties, Milroy and Schenck retreated into western Virginia during the night. This left Jackson free to push against the other Union army in the valley. He would keep Union forces busy in the valley for another month.

The next battle was fought on May 23, 1862 at Front Royal, Virginia. Jackson's forces attacked a 1,000 man Union garrison commanded by colonel Kenly. The Confederates surprised the pickets and quickly overran them. They drove the Union force back through the streets of Front Royal to Camp Hill (now Overlook Park in the southeastern part of Winchester). Kenly's force tried to set fire to the river bridges as they retreated but the fires were quickly put out. On Camp Hill, the Union forces made a stand before falling back to Guard Hill. They were quickly outflanked by the Confederate force and retreated towards Cedarville. Confederate cavalry under Major Flournoy made two charges on the retreating Union forces. About 900 Union soldiers surrendered. 

Jackson's victory at Front Royal caused Union general Nathaniel Banks to move his forces from Strasburg and retreat to Winchester. With Jackson now on his right flank, Banks was in danger of being cut off from his base at Winchester. President Lincoln felt Jackson's army in the Shenandoah Valley threatened the safety of Washington D.C. He ordered General Irvin McDowell's corps to hold their position at Fredericksburg, Virginia and not join McClellan's Union push towards Richmond.

When Banks arrived at Winchester, he started organizing his defenses. Jackson's army approached from the south while Ewell's army approached from the southeast. On May 25, Jackson's forces made their first attack, but were thrown back. Ewell's division attacked Camp Hill. At the same time Jackson's Louisiana Brigade outflanked, then overran the Union position on Bower's Hill (southwestern part of Winchester). With their flanks broken, the Union troops began a disorganized retreat through the city of Winchester. Even citizens of Winchester fired on the Union soldiers. Banks retreated across the Potomac River back into Maryland. As a result of the battle, Banks lost about 2,000 men and nearly all of his supplies. The total Confederate casualties numbered only about 400. This was the decisive victory for Jackson's Valley Campaign.

Lincoln was now concerned that if Banks could not hold Jackson, his Confederate army might move to attack Washington D.C. On May 24, he had instructed Generals John C. Frémont and Irvin McDowell to send troops to support Banks. This was before Banks was defeated at Winchester. Frémont was ordered to move his forces towards Harrisonburg, Virginia, to the southeast. McDowell was ordered to sent 20,000 of his 40,000 troops to support Banks at Winchester.

On June 8, Frémont’s 11,500-man Union army found Ewell's Confederate division at Cross Keys, Virginia. Ewell had been ordered to block Frémont's movements towards Port Republic, Virginia. The battle started with a two-hour duel between the Union and Confederate artilleries. A Union flanking maneuver from the left was thrown back by Confederate volley fire. The surprise volley caused 258 Union casualties in just under ten minutes. Frémont did not realize he was dealing with a smaller Confederate force. Under the protection of his artillery batteries, Frémont fell back to the Keezletown Road. The following day, while two Confederate brigades held Frémont where he was, the remainder of Ewell's Confederates moved towards Port Republic.

On June 9, 1862, the last of the six battles of Jackson's Valley Campaign was fought at Port Republic, Virginia. Jackson had arrived in the area after dark on June 7. The next day he learned that Frémont's Union forces had been prevented from joining those of General James Shields at Cross Keys. Early in the morning of June 9, Jackson's forces used a makeshift bridge to cross over the South River in Virginia. Union general Erastus B. Tyler placed artillery batteries on a ridge covering the front of the Union position. When Jackson arrived he ordered an assault across the wheat field without taking the time to organize his forces. He had also not made a reconnaissance to find out what Union forces were there and how they were placed. The Stonewall Brigade led the Confederate charge. As they moved forward they came under heavy attack from Tyler's artillery batteries. Jackson sent Richard Taylor's Louisiana brigade on a flank attack against the Union artillery. But the Union gunners saw the flank attack developing and pinned down the Confederates with artillery fire. Jackson knew he had to break through the Union line before Frémont could join Shields. While Jackson was trying to find a way to solve the problem, Ewell's men arrived from Cross Keys. Ewell immediately saw the problem and he attacked the Union left flank. This gave the Stonewall Brigade time to regroup. Confederate artillery batteries opened up on the Union front. This caused the Union line to break and fall back in retreat. This last victory gave Jackson control of the upper and middle Shenandoah Valley.

Jackson's Valley Campaign in the spring of 1862 was a tremendous success. In just 48 days, his approximately 17,000 Confederates had marched up and down the Shenandoah Valley. They engaged and defeated three different Union armies totaling about 52,000 men. Jackson kept them from reinforcing McClellan's army on the Virginia Peninsula. The campaign cost the Union 5,735 casualties at a loss of about 2,441 Confederate casualties. They captured so many supplies from Banks' army that Confederate soldiers began referring to the Union general as "Commissary Banks."

Mattel

Mattel is an American multinational toy company. It was founded in 1945.

The company makes products and brands, like American Girl dolls, Barbie dolls, Fisher-Price toys, Thomas & Friends trains and Hot Wheels toys. 

In 2014, it ranked #403 on the Fortune 500 list. It is the largest toy maker in terms of revenue.


2016 United States presidential election in Florida

The 2016 United States presidential election in Florida was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

On 15 March 2016, the state also voted for who they wanted to be the nominee of their respective parties.

Below is a table with the polling results in Florida. Florida has not voted Republican in the general election since 2008.

The Democratic caucus occurred on 15 March 2016.

The Republican caucus occurred on 1 March 2016.



2016 United States presidential election in New Jersey

The 2016 United States presidential election in New Jersey was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

On 7 June 2016, the state also voted for who they wanted to be the nominee of their respective parties.

Below is a table with the polling results in New Jersey. New Jersey has voted Democrat in every general election since 1992.

The Democratic caucus occurred on 7 June 2016.

The Republican caucus occurred on 7 June 2016.


2016 Berlin truck attack

On 19 December 2016 at 20:02 Central European Time, a truck rammed into a crowd of people at a Christmas market in Charlottenburg, Berlin, Germany. This killed 12 people and injured 49 others. The original driver of the truck was found shot dead in the passenger seat. 

The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claimed responsibility for the terrorist attack.<ref name="GmbH 2016 / ISIS"></ref> The perpatrator was Anis Amri, a Tunisian asylum seeker. On 23 December 2016, Amri was shot dead by an Italian police officer in Sesto San Giovanni, Lombardy. German police later confirmed that Amri's fingerprints were the same as those in the truck.

The truck that was involved, a Scania semi-trailer truck, was owned by a Polish company named "Usługi Transportowe Ariel Żurawski". The truck was transporting steel beams to Berlin.

The original truck driver, Lukasz Urban, is believed to have been killed by the perpetrator. He was stabbed and shot in the head. On 19 December 2016, at 20:02 local time, the truck drove through a Christmas market. This killed 12 people. The truck drove 50–80 metres (160–260 ft) and destroyed many booths. Some witnesses saw the driver leave the truck and run towards Tiergarten.

Czech Finance Minister Andrej Babiš said "Unfortunately... [Angela Merkel's open-door migration] policy is responsible for this dreadful act. It was she who let migrants enter Germany and the whole of Europe in uncontrolled waves, without papers, therefore without knowing who they really are." Marcus Pretzell, husband of AfD leader Frauke Petry, tweeted: "When will the German state of law strike back? When will this cursed hypocrisy finally stop? These are Merkel's dead! #Nice #Berlin."

Muslims and Chrisitians held a vigil together after the attack.


2016 Irkutsk mass methanol poisoning

In late December 2016, 58 people died from mass methanol poisoning in Irkutsk, Russia. It was caused by people drinking cheap counterfeit alcohol that was actually supposed to be used as a bath lotion. The counterfeit was called "Boyaryshnik" (Боярышник; Russian for "Hawthorn").

"Boyaryshnik" was much cheaper than vodka, so people bought it instead amid the tough economic conditions. Similar incidents have been on the rise as Russia's economy has suffered from low oil prices and international sanctions from the Russian intervention in Ukraine. Russia's deputy prime minister said before the incident that this type of alcohol made up 20% of all the alcohol drank in the country.

The lotion was mixed with methanol; which is an alcohol that is poisonous. The label on the bottle said that the lotion instead had ethanol. A total of 58 people died from drinking the lotion. The victims were poor and were all between the ages of 35 and 50.

Many people who were involved with making the potion were arrested. About 500 litres (130 US gal) of lotion was confiscated from the facility where it was made.

Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev called for a ban on counterfeit alcohol, stating that "it's an outrage, and we need to put an end to this."

2015 Kyrgyz parliamentary election

The 2015 Kyrgyzstani parliamentary election was held on 4 October 2015.

The 120 seats in the Supreme Council were elected by proportional representation. This means that if a party gets 20% of the vote, for example, they get 20% of the seats. A party had to receive at least 7% of the vote to get seats in the council. No party was allowed to win more than 65 seats. 

Many political parties were formed before the election; often made by wealthy Kyrgyz who want to promote their own interests.

A lot of potential candidates were not allowed to run due to criminal convictions. One party leader, a former boxer, was banned after he beat up a rival candidate.

Sources: 

Even though there were some reports of voter fraud, the OSCE said that the elections were "lively and competitive" and "unique in this region." The PACE said that voters had "made their choice freely among a large number of contestants."

The OSCE did note some problems with voter registration, and the Council of Europe had concern over the transparency of some campaigns and financing.

Kyrgyzstan (political party)

The Kyrgyzstan Party is a political party in Kyrgyzstan. It was created in May 2015 by businessman Sharshenbek Abdakerimov. The party is now led by Kanatbek Isaev (a former member of the Respublika Party.)

The party has a lot of support in the south of the country. In the 2015 Parliamentary elections, the Kyrgyzstan Party won 18 seats after getting 12.67% of the votes.


Branchiobdellida

Branchiobdellida are an order of leech-like worms that are mostly ectoparasites of crayfish.

Patrick H. Grace

Patrick Henry Grace (1832 – February 24, 1896) was a United States Navy sailor. He received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Korean Expedition of 1871. He was a native of Ireland but moved to the United States. His original name was Henry Patrick Grace but he changed it. Grace was cited for "gallant and meritorious service".

Rank and organization: Chief Quartermaster, U.S. Navy. Born: 1835. Ireland. Accredited to: Pennsylvania. G.O. No. 177, December 4, 1915.

On board the U.S.S. "Benicia" during the attack on the Korean forts, 10 and 11 June 1871. Carrying out his duties with coolness, Grace set forth gallant and meritorious conduct throughout this action.


Kelly (given name)

Kelly [ kel-ee ] is a given name and family name. As a given name, "Kelly" is used mostly for females. However, there are some males with the name.

As a family name, "Kelly" has many origins. The family name started in the 19th century. It was used for a masculine name in the late 19th century. Feminine use began around 1940. By 1957, it surpassed male usage thanks to American actress Grace Kelly. Kelly is a gender-neutral name that has been in vogue for both male and female individuals for several decades. The name has roots in Ireland and is derived from the Gaelic term "ceallach," which signifies "warrior" or "fighter." Kelly has a fascinating past and is linked with numerous notable personalities, such as actors, musicians, and sportspeople.

Kelly, as a girl's name, was at #900 in 1950. It peaked at #10 around 1977. Kelly is still popular as a girl's name, although it has declined. This name was ranked #849 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Joanne Dru

Joan Letitia LaCock (later Joanne Dru; January 31, 1922 – September 10, 1996) was an American television, stage and movie actress. She played Anne Stanton in "All the King's Men" in 1949. She also played Patricia Nash Dean in "The Pride of St. Louis" in 1952. 

Dru was born in Logan, West Virginia. She died in Los Angeles, California resulting from respiratory failure and lymphedema. She was 74.

All the King's Men (1949 movie)

All the King's Men is a 1949 political drama movie. 

Politician Willie Stark goes from a rural county seat to the governor's mansion. He loses a race for county treasurer. Stark teaches himself law. As a lawyer, he continues fighting the local establishment. He eventually rises to become a candidate for governor. He loses the first time. On his second try, he wins.

Along the way, Stark loses his innocence. He becomes dishonest like the politicians against whom he fought. His son becomes paralyzed in a drunk driving accident that kills a female passenger.


Character actor Paul Ford has an uncredited role as the Leader of the Senate Opposition

"All the King's Men" won three Academy Awards: Best Picture, Best Actor and Best Supporting Actress.

The Waste Land

"The Waste Land" is a poem by T.S. Eliot. It was first published in 1922. After it had been printed in London in "The Criterion", it was reprinted in New York in "The Dial". Then it was published in the form of a book. The poem is dedicated to Ezra Pound, whom T.S. Eliot regarded as his friend and teacher of poetry. Ezra Pound was the first reader of the poem. He helped Eliot to make it shorter and better.

The poem is divided into five parts. They are: "The Burial of the Dead", "A Game of Chess", "The Fire Sermon", "Death by Water" and "What the Thunder Said". It is composed of 433 lines. The work is written in free verse and blank verse.

The poem is full of quotations from classic works of world literature. Eliot makes allusions to Geoffrey Chaucer, William Shakespeare, Oliver Goldsmith, Ovid, Charles Baudelaire, Gerard de Nerval and Thomas Kyd. He uses different sources of inspiration, including both Christianity and Buddhism. The story is based on the Christian legend of the search for the Holy Grail. The poem ends with the Sanskrit words Datta. Dayadhvam. Damyata. / Shantih shantih shantih.
"The Waste Land" is commonly considered to be one of the most important literary works of the 20th century. It has been translated into many languages. Czesław Miłosz, a Nobel Prize winner, translated it into Polish.



Monster High

Monster High is an American fashion doll franchise. It was created by Mattel. They launched the brand in July 2010.

The dolls are based on horror movie characters. The initial characters were created by Garrett Sander and his twin brother Darren. Besides the dolls, "Monster High" includes books, video games, and television specials. "Ever After High" is a spin-off of "Monster High". The Ever After dolls are based on fairy tale characters.

Azərpoçt

Azərpoçt is the official national postal operator of Azerbaijan. It provides postal, payment and retail services. Azərpoçt currently operates through 1,500 post offices across Azerbaijan, from urban to the most remote rural regions.


2012 Stanley Cup Finals

The 2012 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League (NHL) .

The Western Conference champion Los Angeles Kings defeated the Eastern Conference champion New Jersey Devils four games to two.

Years in boldface under the "Finals appearance" column mean that the player won the Stanley Cup in the given year.

Mevlut Mert Altintas

Mevlut Mert Altintas (June 24, 1994 - December 19, 2016) was a Turkish police officer, he worked in the Turkish Security Agency, Ministry of riot police for two and a half years. He shot and killed Russian Ambassador Andrei Karlov in Turkey December 19, 2016 in the Turkish city of Ankara.

Arrondissements of the Moselle department

There are 5 arrondissements in the Moselle department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Moselle are:

Moselle is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It was divided in nine districts: Metz, Bitche, Boulay, Briey, Longwy, Morhange, Sarreguemines, Sarrelouis and Thionville, with Metz as is capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the nine districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Metz, Briey, Sarreguemines and Thionville.

The Moselle department was eliminated in 1871 when part of the territory became part of Germany; the remaining parts were combined with the Meurthe department to form Meurthe-et-Moselle.

In 1919, a new department of Moselle was formed with nine "arrondissements". In 2015, four "arrondissements" were eliminated and their territories passed to the remaining five "arrondissements": Forbach-Boulay-Moselle, Metz, Sarrebourg-Château-Salins, Sarreguemines and Thionville.


Chad Robinson

Chad Robinson (20 October 1980 –  26 November 2016) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer. He played from 2000 until 2009 as a lock and second-row forward. He played for the Parramatta Eels, the Sydney Roosters and the Harlequins RL. He was born in Sydney, New South Wales.

Robin was reported missing on 26 November 2016. He was found dead on 22 December 2016 in Kenthurst, New South Wales. He was 36.


Significant figures

The term significant figures refers to the digits, in a number or measurement, which show the precision (sureness) of the number. For example, in the number 2300, the count of significant digits is 2. In the number 2040, the significant digits are "204" as a total of 3.

National Polytechnic Institute of Toulouse

Institut national polytechnique de Toulouse is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the Université Fédérale Toulouse Midi-Pyrénées (Southern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at INP Toulouse.

Most of the 6300 graduate engineer students at INP Toulouse live in dedicated residential buildings nearby research labs and metro public transports on a campus that is shared with 105,000 students from Université Fédérale Toulouse Midi-Pyrénées.

Concerning research activities, INP Toulouse brings together 17 laboratories, nearly 1,000 researchers (teachers-researchers, researchers from major organizations, PhD), grouped together in laboratories associated with CNRS, INRA and other Toulouse universities.


Arrondissement of Forbach-Boulay-Moselle

The arrondissement of Forbach-Boulay-Moselle is an arrondissement of France, in the Moselle department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Forbach.

The "arrondissement" of Forbach-Boulay-Moselle was formed when the former "arrondissements" of Forbach and of Boulay-Moselle were merged on 1 January 2015 to form the new "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Forbach-Boulay-Moselle is in the north central part of the Moselle department. It is bordered to the north by Germany, to the east by the Sarreguemines "arrondissement", to the south by the Sarrebourg-Château-Salins "arrondissement", to the southwest by the Metz "arrondissement" and to the west by the Thionville "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Forbach-Boulay-Moselle has an area of . It is the second largest of the 5 "arrondissements" of the department but the third in population (245,222 inhabitants) and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 8 cantons in the arrondissement of Forbach-Boulay-Moselle; 5 of them are completely in the "arrondissement":
and 3 are only parts of cantons:

The "arrondissement" of Forbach-Boulay-Moselle has 169 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Bamburgh Castle

Bamburgh Castle is a castle on the coast at Bamburgh, Northumberland. It is a Grade I listed building. During WW2 the Royal Navy ship HMS "Bamborough Castle" was named after it.

The castle is built on the remains of a fort of native Britons. The fort was destroyed by the Vikings in 993.

The Normans then built a new castle on the site. That forms the centre of today's castle. The castle became the property of the reigning English Monarch. Many think that Henry II ordered the creation of the keep.

During the Wars of the Roses, it became the first castle in England to be defeated by artillery, after a nine-month siege. The Forester family of Northumberland provided the Crown with governors of the castle for 400 years, before the Crown granted ownership to Sir John Forester. When the family became bankrupt, the castle was sold to a series of owners. Eventually it was bought by the Armstrong family, who still own it today. They opened it to the public.

The castle has been used in movies including "Macbeth" (1971) and "Robin of Sherwood" (1984-6). It has also been featured in many books. The late medieval British author Thomas Malory suggested that it was Joyous Gard, the mythical home of Sir Lancelot from tales of King Arthur.

Arrondissement of Sarrebourg-Château-Salins

The arrondissement of Sarrebourg-Château-Salins is an arrondissement of France, in the Moselle department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Sarrebourg.

The "arrondissement" of Sarrebourg-Château-Salins was formed when the former "arrondissements" of Sarrebourg and of Château-Salins were merged on 1 January 2015 to form the new "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Sarrebourg-Château-Salins is the most southern of the "arrondissements" of the Moselle department. It is bordered to the north by the Forbach-Boulay-Moselle and the Sarreguemines "arrondissements", to the northeast and east by the Bas-Rhin department, to the south by the Meurthe-et-Moselle department and to the west by the Metz "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Sarrebourg-Château-Salins has an area of . It is the largest of the 5 "arrondissements" of the department but the one with fewest people living in it, with 93,481 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only 3 cantons in the arrondissement of Sarrebourg-Château-Salins:

The "arrondissement" of Sarrebourg-Château-Salins has 230 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Sarreguemines

The arrondissement of Sarreguemines is an arrondissement of France, in the Moselle department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Sarreguemines.

When the Moselle department was created on 1800, the arrondissement of Sarreguemines was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Sarreguemines is in the northeast of the Moselle department. It is bordered to the north by Germany, to the east and south by the Bas-Rhin department, to the southwest by the Sarrebourg-Château-Salins "arrondissement" and to the west by the Forbach-Boulay-Moselle "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Sarreguemines has an area of , the smallest of the 5 "arrondissements" of the department. The population is 99,772 inhabitants and its population density is inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only 3 cantons in the arrondissement of Sarreguemines:

The "arrondissement" of Sarreguemines has 83 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Thionville

The arrondissement of Thionville is an arrondissement of France, in the Moselle department, Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Thionville.

The "arrondissement" of Thionville was formed when the former "arrondissements" of Thionville-Est and of Thionville-Ouest were merged on 1 January 2015 to form the new "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Thionville is in the northwest of the Moselle department. It is bordered to the northwest by Luxembourg, to the north by Germany, to the east by the Forbach-Boulay-Moselle "arrondissement", to the south by the Metz "arrondissement" and to the west by the Meurthe-et-Moselle department.

The "arrondissement" of Thionville has an area of , the second smallest of the 5 "arrondissements" of the department but the second in population (264,858 inhabitants) with a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 7 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Thionville:

The "arrondissement" of Thionville has 105 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Christmas truce

The Christmas truce was the widespread unofficial ceasefires along the Western Front of World War I around Christmas 1914. The truce happened five months after the war began. 

Kellyanne Conway

Kellyanne Conway (born January 20, 1967) is an American Republican campaign manager and politician. She has appeared on CNN and Fox News. She has been a guest on shows like "Good Morning America" and "Meet the Press".

On August 1, 2016, Conway became the campaign manager for Donald Trump.

Since Trump became president, Conway has had many problems. She said that there were "alternative facts" when talking about a "Bowling Green massacre" that never happened. She said that Michael Flynn had the full confidence of the president hours before he was fired. Members of Congress from both parties asked for an investigation of ethics violations after she publicly endorsed the president's daughter, Ivanka Trump's commercial products. In June 2019, the US Office of Special Counsel said that Conway should be fired for breaking the Hatch Act of 1939.

Conway was born in Atco, New Jersey.

In October 2020, Conway tested positive for COVID-19.

In 2001, she married George Conway. During Donald Trump's presidency, George became a prominent critic of Trump, even when his wife worked for him. In March 2023, George and Kellyanne announced that they were divorcing after 22 years of marriage.

Arrondissement of Metz

The arrondissement of Metz is an arrondissement of France, in the Moselle department, Grand Est region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Metz.

The "arrondissement" of Metz was formed when the former "arrondissements" of Metz-Campagne and Metz-Ville were merged on 1 January 2015 to form the new "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Metz is in the west of the Moselle department. It is bordered to the north by the Thionville "arrondissement", to the east by the Forbach-Boulay-Moselle "arrondissement", to the southeast by the Sarrebourg-Château-Salins "arrondissement" and to the south and west by the Meurthe-et-Moselle department.

The "arrondissement" of Metz has an area of and a population of 341,821 inhabitants with a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 10 cantons in the arrondissement of Metz:

The "arrondissement" of Metz has 140 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Ashwaq Moharram

Ashwaq Moharram (Arabic: أشواق محرّم ) is a doctor from Yemen. BBC named her on their list of 100 most inspirational and influential Women for 2016.

Ashwaq Moharram was born in Yemen. She received a bachelor’s degree in medicine and general surgery from Sana’a University in 1998. In 2004, she received a diploma in reproductive health from Liverpool University in Britain. In 2013, she received a master’s degree from the National University of Malaysia.

After the war started, Ashwaq's husband became sick. He had a heart infection. He needed medicine, but there was no medicine in the hospital. He went to Jordan with their two children.

In 2000 Ashwaq went to work at the General Hospital in Hodeidah. In 2001 she became the head of the department of obstetrics and gynecology. In 2007 she became a lecturer at the Faculty of Health Sciences at Hodeidah University. She is now the Deputy Director General of the Public Health and Population Office of the Directorate of Hodeidah.

Before the war, Ashwaq worked with international organizations to fight hunger. In March 2016, after the war started, the organizations left Yemen. After the international organizations left, she gave food to people at her own expense, using her mobile clinic.

In July 2016, three youths sexually assaulted an 11-year-old girl in the Zahra neighborhood. Ashwaq examined the child and the police arrested the three youths. In October 2016, Ashwaq was arrested by Houthis while giving people food. The local people stood in front of them and forced them to free Ashwaq.



Mobile operating system

A mobile operating system (or mobile OS) is an operating system for smartphones, tablets, personal digital assistants (PDAs), or other mobile devices. While computers such as typical laptops are mobile, the operating systems usually used on them are not considered mobile ones, as they were originally designed for desktop computers that historically did not have or need specific "mobile" features.

Dunstanburgh Castle

Dunstanburgh Castle is a castle built in the 14th century. It is on the coast of Northumberland between the villages of Craster and Embleton. It is on a huge rock next to the North Sea. The castle is owned by English Heritage. The name Dunstanburgh means 'the fort' (burgh) 'of the town' (dun) 'by the rock' (stan).

The castle was first built in 1313 by Thomas, 2nd Earl of Lancaster. However Roman and Iron Age remains have been found there. It may have been an Iron Age fort. He was an enemy of King Edward II. Thomas only visited the castle once before he was killed. The castle was not used again until the War of the Roses. The Earl of Warwick attacked it twice and it was almost destroyed. 

The castle was defended in WW2 because it was a possible target for a German landing. Land mines were laid and a radar station was built near the castle. The beaches were guarded with barbed wire and concrete pillboxes were built nearby. The fort and other facilities were manned by soldiers.

It was not used again and is now in ruins. The area is now a Site of Special Scientific Interest.



Oberstdorf

Oberstdorf is a municipality in southwest Germany. It is in the Allgäu Alps. Many people visit to go walking or skiing. It is one of the highest towns in Germany and is the town furthest south in Germany. It is next to Austria.

There are several mountains with good views, like the Nebelhorn and Fellhorn. There are many cable-cars to reach the top of mountains around Oberstdorf. In the centre of Oberstdorf there is a large church, with a tall spire.

It is also home to several ski jumps, which are used for many competitions. They were also used in the 2016 movie "Eddie the Eagle".

The Grand Tour

The Grand Tour is a British motor television series for Amazon Video. It is presented by Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May. It is produced by Andy Wilman. They agreed to make it after leaving the BBC. They also agreed to make 36 episodes over three years. One episode is released every week. The program can be watched in 200 countries. The first episode was the most popular first episode on Amazon ever.

Each episode has several parts made in a studio. This studio is normally a big tent that is moved around the world. The show has it's own test track. There is always a feature where Clarkson, Hammond and May discuss car related topics which is called "conversation street".

Season 1 started on 18 November 2016 and had 13 episodes. Season 2 was filmed a year later, but due to injuries to Richard Hammond, the release was delayed until 8 December 2017. In season 2 the tent stayed in the Cotswolds for all the episodes.

Doaa el-Adl

Doaa el-Adl (; born 6 February 1979 in Damietta) is an Egyptian cartoonist. She was named one of the 100 most "al and influential women" in the 2016 BBC 100 Women initiative.

Doaa el-Adl draws cartoons about controversial subjects like child brides and female genital mutilation.

Doaa worked as a cartoonist for the Egyptian newspaper "Al-Dustour", the magazine "Rose al-Yūsuf", "Sabah El Kheir" magazine, and the magazines "Qatr El Nada", "Alaa-El Din", and "Bassem". Her cartoons now appear in the newspaper "Al Masry Al Youm" (Egypt Today).


Jair Bolsonaro

Jair Messias Bolsonaro (born March 21, 1955) is a Brazilian politician. He was the 38th President of Brazil from 2019 to 2023. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1991 until he became president in 2019. He was also a member of the Social Liberal Party (PSL) but left and joined the Liberal Party (PL) in 2021. He is known for his right-wing populist political views. He narrowly lost re-election in the 2022 general election winning 49% of the vote.

Bolsonaro was the PSL's presidential candidate in the 2018 Brazilian presidential election. He came in first place in the first round of the general election on 7 October 2018, with PT candidate Fernando Haddad coming in second place. The two candidates faced again on 28 October with Bolsonaro winning the election.

On September 6, 2018, Bolsonaro was stabbed multiple times while at a campaign rally in Juiz de Fora. Parts of Bolsonaro's liver, lung and intestine were damaged. He was hospitalized under "extremely stable" condition and released almost a month later on September 29.

Bolsonaro was a open supporter of the military regime in Brazil in 1964. During the impeachment voting session of former President Dilma Rousseff, in his speech, Bolsonaro honored Carlos Alberto Brilhante Ustra, a widely known military colonel in Brazil by have been a torturer of militants and protesters in the Brazilian military dictatorship period.

In a television interview in the 1990s for the popular magazine "Veja", he also made controversial declarations about the Pinochet's military dictatorship in Chile, praising the Chilean dictator and stating that "the regime should have acted more violently to restore the country.".

Bolsonaro is also notorious for his public speeches, which are perceived as being intolerant. He already spoke against minorities in certain occasions, particularly the LGBT (gay) community. In an interview for the documentary "Out There", made by British actor and comedian Stephen Fry, which deals with the rise of homophobia in the world, and aired on the BBC in 2013, the then congressman stated: "No father is proud to have a gay son... We, Brazilians, don't like homosexuals. Not to like isn't the same as to hate.", he added. In a comment about what he heard, Fry said: "Bolsonaro is the typical homophobic that I found around the world, with his mantra that gays want to dominate society, recruit children or abuse them. Even in a progressive country like Brazil, its lies create hysteria among the ignorant, from where violence can arise." 

As president, Bolsonaro has downplayed the deadliness of the COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil. He said that the virus is no more deadly than the common flu. On 7 July 2020, Bolsonaro revealed that he had tested positive for COVID-19.

Since 2019, Bolsonaro has faced four separate accusations for crimes against humanity. He is under investigation before the International Criminal Court in The Hague for crimes against humanity, genocide of indigenous peoples and ecocide.

Bolsonaro is running for re-election in the 2022 election, with his main opponent being former President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. Bolsonaro did not pick Hamilton Mourão as his running mate again, instead choosing General Walter Braga Netto. Throughout the election period, Bolsonaro has said that should he lose, the election would be corrupt and rigged against him. His actions have been compared to former U.S. President Donald Trump's attempts to overturn the results of the 2020 election.

On 2 October 2022, Bolsonaro advanced to the run-off election on 30 October against Lula. Lula won 48.43% of the vote against Bolsonaro's 43.20%.

Lula was elected in the second round on 30 October, with Bolsonaro becoming the first Brazilian president to lose re-election.

When Lula was inaugurated on 1 January 2023, Bolsonaro left for the United States in Florida, skipping the ceremony.

On 8 January 2023, supporters of Bolsonaro stormed and invaded the Praça dos Três Poderes in Brasília, taking over the offices of the Supreme Federal Court, National Congress of Brazil and the Palácio do Planalto. The Superior Electoral Court blocked Bolsonaro from seeking office until 2030 for his claims of voter fraud and his role in the 2023 congressional attack.He believes that Lula da Silva committed fraud in the 2022 Brazilian Presidential Election and that's why the 8 January Riots were in Brazil.

An ardent anti-communist, Bolsonaro's positions are often viewed as conservative, populist, nationalist, and are commonly associated with far-right politics, he, however, denies those statements, saying he's aligned with traditional moderate right-wing ideals. He has described himself as being a pro-life, pro-gun and anti-establishment politician.

Bolsonaro is a strong opponent of left-wing policies, most notably same-sex marriage, secularism, drug legalization, abortion and environmental preservation. Regarding economic matters, he has advocated for liberal and free-market policies.


Independiente Medellín

Deportivo Independiente Medellín, also known as DIM, is a Colombian professional football club based in the city of Medellín. The club currently plays in the Categoría Primera A. They play their home games at Estadio Atanasio Girardot. That is part of the Atanasio Girardot Sports Complex.

They has won the Categoría Primera A six times: in 1955, 1957, 2002-II, 2004-I, 2009-II and 2016-I. Their best performance internationally was in 2003, when the team got third place in Copa Libertadores.

The team was created on 14 November 1913 as "Medellín Football Club". The team played its first match against the amateur team "Sporting of Medellin", that thrashed them 11–0. After some years, they joined professional football and played the first season of the league. Their first match was a 4–0 loss against América de Cali.

List of attacks on U.S. territory

This is a list of attacks against territory held by the United States



Drum machine

Drum machine is an electronic musical instrument made to imitate the sound of percussion instruments. Drum machines are commonly used in electronic music genres, but also used in other genres.

100 Women (BBC)

100 Women is a BBC series started in 2013. It looks at the role of women in the twenty-first century. It organised events in London and Mexico.

After the women are named, the BBC has three weeks of information about women. Women from all over the world make comments on Twitter about the interviews and debates.

After the 2012 Delhi gang rape case, BBC Controller Liliane Landor, BBC editor Fiona Crack, and other journalists started a series about the issues and successes of women. Women told the BBC there was not enough information about issues women face. In March 2013, BBC received a "flood of feedback from female listeners" that asked for more information "from and about women."

The BBC started the series in 2013 because there were not enough women represented in the media. The BBC used a survey in 26 languages to choose women for the first program. There were programs for one month, then there was a conference on 25 October. Women from different countries talked about issues they shared. There were many subjects, like work, feminism, motherhood, and religion. The series looked at cultural and social problems women have in life.

After the first program, there were many other subjects, like education, health, equal pay, genital mutilation, domestic violence, and sexual abuse. The series tries to give women a place to talk about how to make the world better and stop sexism. Women on the list are from many countries and many professions. Some of the women are famous, and some are not well known.

The 2016 theme was Defiance. Part of the 100 Women festival was in Mexico City. The 2016 list was in alphabetical order.

The BBC News 100 Women list in 2015 was made up of many notable international names, as well as women who were unknown, but who represent issues women face. The women of 2015, included representatives from 51 countries and were not necessarily those who would traditionally have been seen as role models—a woman suffering from depression, a woman who advocates for equal access to bathroom facilities, a woman who encourages other women to avoid make-up, and a reindeer nomad.

The BBC News 100 Women list in 2014 continued the efforts of the first year's initiative.

The 2013 event was a month-long BBC series that took place in October. The series examined the role of women in the 21st century and culminated in an event held at BBC Broadcasting House in London, United Kingdom on 25 October 2013 involving a hundred women from around the world, all of whom came from different walks of life. The day featured debate and discussion on radio, television and online, in which the participants were asked to give their opinions about the issues facing women.

The event held on 25 October 2013 featured 100 women from all walks of life.


Riham El Hour

Riham El Hour (Arabic: ريهام الحر, born March 8, 1977), is a cartoonist from Morocco. She was first woman to join the Union of Moroccan Professional Caricaturists. She was named one of BBC's 100 women of 2016. She uses her cartoons to speak for women and against male guardianship laws. 

Riham was born in Kenitra in Morocco. Her family is Palestinian. She received a bachelor's degree in Arabic language and literature from the Faculty of Arts in Kenitra.

In 2000 Riham won UNESCO's Palestine Prize in an international competition. In 2002, she participated in the national days of Moroccan caricature, as the first woman caricaturist of Morocco. In 2005 and 2006 she received a prize at caricatures exhibitions in Damascus, Syria. In 2007, she represented Morocco at the Santomera exhibition in Spain.

After she won the UNESCO competition, Riham met Larbi Sebbone, a well-known Moroccan caricaturist. Larbi encouraged her to draw more. Her first drawings were in "Al Alam", a Moroccan newspaper in the Arabic language, and in "Al Mintaka", a local Kenitra newspaper. Then she drew for the women's magazine "Citadines". In 2006 she worked in the national press. She worked with newspapers, magazines and women's magazines. By 2010 she was considered part of the "Syriacartoon family". In October 2011, she started work with the Arabic version of "Likolli Nissae". Finally she went to work for "Rissalat Al Ouma", a newspaper in Casablanca.


Swissair Flight 111

Swissair Flight 111 was a scheduled flight from John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City to Geneva Airport in Geneva, Switzerland. On the night of 2 September 1998, the McDonnell Douglas MD-11 flying the route had a fire in the cockpit while flying. It crashed into the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Halifax, Nova Scotia, killing all 229 people on board.

It is the second-worst accident ever in the Halifax, Nova Scotia area. It is the worst accident involving the MD-11.

Swissair Flight 111 left John F. Kennedy International Airport at 20:18 EDT, and started flying to Geneva. Around 21:10, the flight crew smelled smoke and odor in the cockpit and called a flight attendant to investigate it. They thought that the odor was only in the cockpit, and not in the rest of the plane. The smoke and odor disappeared, and returned 45 seconds later. The crew thought it was from the air conditioning system.

The pilots sent a distress signal (a signal that means they need help) to Moncton air traffic control. They wanted the air traffic control to let them land at Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts (269 mi away). The Moncton controller then asked them if they wanted to to go to Halifax International Airport in Halifax, Nova Scotia, because it was closer (76 mi away). 

The pilots put on their oxygen masks. At 21:16, the plane was allowed to descend to 10000 feet of altitude. During the descent down to 10000, they were allowed to go down to 3000 feet. The plane was then told to turn so it could land on Runway 06 at Halifax. Air traffic control in Halifax told the crew they were 30 nautical miles (35 miles) away from the airport. The plane had an altitude of 21,000 feet. The crew asked for more distance, so the plane could descend safely. The crew was told to go towards St. Margaret's Bay. This was south of the plane. Air traffic control told them to do this because it gave them more distance to descend. It also let them drop extra fuel into the ocean, so the plane did not weigh as much. 

The plane flew south so it could drop fuel. The crew turned off the plane's power because of the smoke. This turned off the air conditioning and fans in the plane, and let the fire spread into the cockpit. The plane's autopilot (machine used to control where a plane is going) turned off. At 21:24, both members of the flight crew declared an emergency at the same time. First Officer Lowe then told Moncton Center that they were starting their dump and had to land immediately. The last radio contact with Swissair 111 was made when the crew once more declared an emergency with the words "...and we are declaring an emergency now, Swissair one eleven".

The Cockpit Voice Recorder and Digital Flight Data Recorder stopped recording. Captain Zimmerman left his seat to fan back the flames with his clipboard, but was overwhelmed by the heat and smoke. He never returned to his seat. It is unclear if he died before or when the plane crashed.

First Officer Lowe continued to fly the aircraft without radios or avionics for 2 to 3 minutes. He was easily confused and under false pretenses, shut down the number three engine on the starboard side of the aircraft, and set the throttle for the number two tail engine to idle. 

At 21:31, Swissair Flight 111 crashed into the Atlantic Ocean near Peggy's Cove in Halifax, Nova Scotia. The aircraft hit the water at a speed of 345 miles per hour. The aircraft was completely destroyed, and all 229 people on the plane died in the accident.


Unary function

A unary function is a function that takes just a single argument. In contrast, a function that takes more than one argument is called a polyadic function.

This description of a function's arguments is known as its arity.

Arity

In logic, mathematics, and computer science, the arity of a function is the number of arguments that the function takes.

For example, a "nullary" function doesn't take any, a "unary" function takes one, a "binary" function takes two, and so on.

Institut catholique d'arts et métiers

Institut catholique d'arts et métiers is a graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the Université Fédérale Toulouse Midi-Pyrénées (Southern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at ICAM.

Most of the 4500 graduate engineer students at ICAM live in dedicated residential buildings nearby research labs and metro public transports on a campus that is shared with 100,000 students from Université Fédérale Toulouse Midi-Pyrénées.


Fore-and-aft rig

A fore-and-aft rig is a sailing rig that mainly has sails that are set along the line of the keel instead of perpendicular to it. Such sails are described as fore-and-aft rigged.

Two of the earliest fore-and-aft rigged sailing designs were the Chinese junk and the triangular lateen sails of the Egyptian Feluccas and dhows. The lateen sail was used by Greek ships as early as the 9th century. By the 11th century the fore-and-aft rig began to be used in the Italian city-states and the Mediterranean Sea. The generally gentle climate made its use practical. There seems to be no record of when it was first used in Northern Europe. The square rigged sails came first in the North. The Vikings used square rigged sails which became popular in Britain and Northern Europe. They certainly had seen its use in the course of trade and during the Crusades. The Renaissance changed this. Slowly the fore-and-aft rig came into common use on rivers and in estuaries in Britain, Northern France, and the Low Countries. The square rig remained standard for the harsher conditions of the open North Sea as well as for transatlantic sailing. The lateen sail was more maneuverable and faster, while the square rig was clumsy but seaworthy.



Sloop

A sloop is a sailboat usually with one mast and fore-and-aft rigged sails. It can also describe a square rigged sailing ship of two or more masts which is sometimes called a sloop of war. The French called them corvettes. Originally the definition of a sloop was vague. A 1750 book said sloops "are sailed and masted as men's fancies lead them, sometimes with one mast, with two, and with three." Modern recreational sloops are almost always one-masted sailing ships with fore-and-aft sails. Their simple layout makes them popular with amateur sailors. The sloop is a manageable sailboat layout up to a length of about .

The sloop design dates back to the early part of the 17th century. By the 20th century they became very popular. Their main advantages are their ease of handling and ability to sail upwind (into the wind). 

An early 17th century design was the Bermuda sloop, so-named for the Bermuda trade with North America. It was designed to be fast and could sail in both directions. They needed to be fast to outrun French privateers. The hull was made from Bermuda cedar. The wood was light and resisted rot. They had from one to three masts. 
Most modern sailboats are based on the Bermuda sloop design. The Bermuda rig replaced the earlier gaff rig which used a four-cornered sail (instead of a triangular sail) and a spar. A gaff rig design allows more sail on a mast. Another advantage is the gaff rig and other early designs can spill wind faster in a blow (heavy wind). 

The sloop of war was the most numerous design in the Royal Navy by the end of the Napoleonic Wars. Yet very little has been written about them or their French counterpart, the Corvettes. Later, the United States used sloops of war. The Royal Navy used the class of "sloop" right up until the end of World War II. The sailing sloop, like its larger cousin the frigate, were fast and used in a variety of roles. They were not usually used in battle, but were more often used for support in reconnaissance and for carrying messages. They were probably the best of the Royal Navy sailing ships for maneuverability and could function in all but the roughest sea conditions.



East Croydon station

East Croydon station is a railway station and tram stop on the Croydon Tramlink. It is in fare zone 5.

Platform 1 serves fast London-bound trains to Victoria station and platforms 2 and 3 serve fast south-bound trains to Brighton, Eastbourne and Southampton Central railway station. Platform 4 serves fast trains towards London Bridge station. Platform 6 is used for fast trains towards Oxted, Uckfield and East Grinstead and for stopping services towards Tattenham Corner and Caterham. Platform 5 is for slow services that stop in many places.

London buses traveling routes 64, 119, 194, 197, 198, 312, 367, 410, 433, 466, 689 and X26 all serve this station.


Bonus

Bonus may mean:

Bonus may also refer to:

Courage in Journalism Award

The Courage in Journalism Award is a prize by the International Women's Media Foundation (IWMF) for women journalists. It recognizes women who write from dangerous areas.

Since 1990, more than 100 women from 54 countries received the award. In 2014, the IWMF started a new award, the Anja Niedringhaus Courage in Photojournalism Award, named for the photojournalist killed in Afghanistan during the elections.

The 2016 award ceremonies were on October 22 in New York, and October 29 in Los Angeles.




























Brig

A brig is a sailing ship with two square-rigged masts. During the Age of Sail, brigs were seen as fast and maneuverable. They were used as both naval warships and merchant vessels. Even after the sailing age ended they were used as training ships. The brig was one of the smaller two-masted sailing ships. They were popular in the 18th and early 19th centuries. Brigs fell out of use with the arrival of the steam ship because they required a relatively large crew for their small size. They were also difficult to sail into the wind. They are not to be confused with a brigantine, which has different rigging (a brigantine has a gaff-rigged mainsail, while a brig has a square mainsail with an additional gaff-rigged spanker behind the mainsail). A brig is different from a three-masted ship because it only has two masts.

In sailing, a full-rigged brig is a vessel with two square rigged masts (called the fore and main). The main mast of a brig is the aft (rear) one. To improve maneuverability, the mainmast carries a small (gaff rigged) fore-and-aft sail.
Brig sails are named after the masts to which they are attached. Those attached to the main mast are called the mainsail; above that the main topsail and above that the main topgallant sail. Occasionally a very small sail, called the royal, is above that. Behind the mainsail there is a small fore-and-aft sail called the spanker or boom mainsail (it is similar to the main sail of a schooner). On the foremast is a similar sail, called the trysail. Attached to the respective yards of square-rigged ships are smaller spars. These can be extended, which lengthens the yard. This allows it to receive an additional sailing wing on each side. These are called studding sails. They are used with fair and light wind only. The wings are named after the sails to which they are fastened. For example, the main studding sails, main top studding sails, and the main top gallant studding sails, etc.

The brig’s foremast is smaller than the main mast. The fore mast holds a foresail, fore topsail, fore top gallant sail, and fore royal. Between the fore mast and the bowsprit are the fore staysail, jib, and flying jib. All the yards are manipulated by a complicated arrangement of cordage named the running rigging. This is opposed to the standing rigging which is fixed, and keeps mast and other objects rigid. Traditionally the running rigging was easily recognized. This was because, for flexibility, it was not coated with tar and therefore of a lighter color. The standing rigging was tarred for protection from weather and therefore darker or even black in color.

A brig is "generally built on a larger scale than a schooner. It could approach the size of a full-sized, three-masted ship." Brigs varried in length between 75 and 165 ft (23–50 m) with tonnages up to 480. Historically, most brigs were made of wood. However some later brigs were built with hulls and masts of steel or iron. Brigs with pine hulls were built in the 19th century. They was designed to last for about twenty years although many lasted longer.

Brigs were used as small warships carrying about 10 to 18 cannons. Due to their speed and maneuverability they were popular among pirates (though they were rare among American and Caribbean pirates). Their use stretches back before the 17th century. However one of the most famous periods for the brig was during the 19th century when they were involved in famous naval battles such as the Battle of Lake Erie. In the early 19th century the brig was a standard cargo ship. It was seen as "fast and well sailing", but required a large crew to handle its rigging. While brigs could not sail into the wind as easily as fore-and-aft–rigged vessels such as schooners a skilled brig captain could "manoeuvre it with ease and elegance; a brig could for instance turn around almost on the spot". A brig's square-rig also had the advantage over a fore-and-aft–rigged vessel when travelling in the open ocean. When fore-and aft rigged vessels sailed downwind for extended distances and where "the danger of a sudden jibe was the large schooner-captain's nightmare". This trait later led to the evolution of the barquentine. The need for large crews in relation to their smaller size led to the decline of the production of brigs. They were replaced in commercial traffic by gaff sail schooners (which needed smaller crews) and steam boats (which did not have the windward performance problems of square rigged ships).

The "Telos", built in Bangor, Maine in 1883, was reportedly the last brig to join the American merchant marine. It was "considered to be the finest vessel of her class ever constructed in Maine". She was wrecked on Aves Island, off Bonaire in the Caribbean, in 1900.

1956 Grand Canyon mid-air collision

The 1956 Grand Canyon was a mid-air collision that happened on Saturday, 30 June 1956 at 11:31 am Mountain Standard Time. A United Airlines plane running as United Airlines Flight 718 hit another airplane owned by Trans World Airlines "(TWA)", operating as Trans World Airlines Flight 2. The aircraft involved was a Douglas DC-7 and a Lockheed L-1049 Super Constellation. The crash happened over the Grand Canyon within the boundaries of Grand Canyon National Park. All 128 passengers and crew on board both flights died in the collision. The crash was the first commercial airline crash with over 100 deaths, and led to lots of changes in flight control in the United States. The crash site today is considered as a National Historic Landmark.

A total of two airplanes were involved in the collision. These planes were:

United Airlines Flight 718 - nicknamed "Mainliner Vancouver", the aircraft was a Douglas DC-7. The airplane had an aircraft registration of . The aircraft carried a total of 58 people "(53 passengers and 5 crew members)". The aircraft was flying under the orders of pilot Robert F. Shirley, co-pilot Robert W. Harms,and flight engineer Gerard Fiore.

Trans World Airlines Flight 2 - nicknamed "Star of the Seine", the aircraft was a Lockheed L-1049 Super Constellation. The aircraft had an aircraft registration of . The aircraft carried 70 people "(64 passengers and 6 crew members)". The aircraft was flying under the orders of pilot Jack S. Gandy, co-pilot James H. Ritner, and flight engineer Forrest D. Breyfogle.

At about 11:31 AM MST, the track of both airplanes intersected over the canyon, and they hit each other.

A photograph of the TWA funeral by Life Magazine in 1956

Glyfada

Glyfada is a district in southern Athens and a famous coastal resort.
The area developed as a tourist destination through the 1970s and 1980s and has a large number of hotels, shops, restaurants and clubs. It is situated close to the old international airport.

Shelby County, Tennessee

Shelby County is a county in the U.S. state of Tennessee. The population for 2020 was 929,744. Memphis is its county seat.

Cutter (boat)

A cutter is typically a small, but in some cases a medium-sized, watercraft designed for speed rather than for capacity. Traditionally a cutter is a smaller sailing ship with a single mast. It is fore-and-aft rigged, with two or more headsails and often has a bowsprit. The cutter's mast may be set farther back than on a sloop.

In modern usage, a cutter can be either a small- or medium-sized ship whose occupants exercise official authority. Examples are harbor pilots' cutters and cutters of the U.S. Coast Guard or UK Border Force.

Cutters can also be a small boat serving a larger one to ferry passengers or light cargo between larger ships and the shore. This type of cutter may be powered by oars, sails or a motor.

Plastic wrap

Plastic wrap (also cling wrap, food wrap, or clingfilm) is a thin plastic material. It is used for sealing food in containers. It keeps food fresh over a long period of time without spoiling. It is usually sold on rolls in boxes with a cutting edge.

Plastic wrap was first made from polyvinyl chloride (PVC). A common, cheaper alternative to PVC is low-density polyethylene (LDPE). LDPE doesn't stick to itself as well as PVC.

In the United States and Japan, Plastic wrap has sometimes been made of polyvinylidene chloride (PVdC). PVdC was the main ingredient in Saran Wrap, a popular brand of plastic wrap. Now, Saran Wrap is made with polyethylene.

Research shows that plastic wrapping of food is often not wasteful, because the food lasts longer. A study showed that only 3% of wrapped food was wasted in the UK, but up to 50% of food was wasted in an African country, where it was sold unwrapped.


Bad Moms

Bad Moms is a 2016 American comedy movie. It was released in July 2016.

Amy Mitchell is a married woman with two children, Dylan and Jane. Amy feels overworked and over-committed. She works as a sales representative for a "hip" coffee company. She is active in her school's Parent-Teacher Association or PTA. The PTA is run by Gwendolyn James (Christina Applegate), Stacy (Jada Pinkett Smith) and Vicky.

"Bad Moms" took in over $179 million at the box office.

The movie's reviews were mixed. It scored a 60 on Metacritic's reviews. Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie a 60% rating.


Unterbäch

Unterbäch is a municipality in the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Wiler

Wiler (Lötschen) is a municipality of the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Carshalton railway station

Carshalton railway station is a railway station at Carshalton in the London Borough of Sutton in South London. It is located between Sutton and Hackbridge.

The station opened on 1st October 1868. The two main trains that run in this station is Southern and Thameslink. This station is in fare zone 5.

There are two station in this station. Platform 1 is for trains towards Central London and Bedfordshire. This includes trains towards Victoria station, St Albans and Luton. Platform 2 is for southbound trains. This includes trains to Sutton (Surrey) and Epsom.

This list shows the frequency of trains on typical off-peak hours.



London buses routes 127, 157 and S3 operate at this station.

This table shows the departures from this station with the calling points and the time that is taken to get to the end of the line.


Beah Richards

Beah Richards (July 12, 1920 – September 14, 2000) was an American actress. She performed on stage, in movies and on television. During her career, she received two Primetime Emmy Awards for her performances on television.

Richards made many guest television appearances in shows, like "The Bill Cosby Show", "Designing Women" and "ER".

Richards was born in Vicksburg, Mississippi. Emphysema took her life in September 2000. She was age 80.

ER (TV series)

ER is an American medical drama television series that aired on NBC from September 19, 1994 to April 2, 2009. Novelist Michael Crichton was the creator of the show.

The show is about the fictional County General Hospital in Chicago. It showed stories from the emergency room. 

"ER" won 23 Primetime Emmy Awards. It won 116 awards overall, including the Peabody Award. The show was nominated for 124 Emmys.

ZooParc de Beauval

The ZooParc de Beauval (or Beauval zoo) is a zoo in Saint-Aignan, Loir-et-Cher. It has nearly 35,000 animals, including two giant pandas, found nowhere else in France. It was created in 1980 by Françoise Delord. It is considered to be one of the largest zoos in Europe.

Jib

A jib is a triangular sail that sets ahead of the foremast of a sailing vessel. Its tack (lower leading edge) is attached to the bowsprit, to the bow, or to the deck between the bowsprit and the foremost mast. Jibs and spinnakers are the two main types of headsails on a modern boat.

Schooners typically have up to three jibs. The foremost one sets on the topmast forestay and is generally called the "jib topsail". A second jib on the main forestay is called "the jib". The innermost jib is called "the staysail". Actually, all three sails are both jibs and staysails, in a general sense. A large square-rigged ship typically has four jibs, but could have as many as six. 

From forward (fore) to the back of the boat (aft), these sails are called:

The first two were rarely used except by clipper ships in light winds. A storm jib was a small jib of heavy canvas set to a stay to help to control the ship in bad weather.

Boats may be sailed using a jib alone. More commonly jib(s) make a minor direct contribution to moving the boat, compared to a mainsail. Generally, a jib's most important function is as an airfoil, increasing performance and overall stability of the mainsail.
On boats with only one jib, it is common for the clew of the jib to be further aft than the mast, meaning the jib and mainsail overlap. An overlapping jib is called a "genoa jib" or simply a genoa (see illustration). These are efficiently used when reaching more broadly than a close reach. Alternatively, a boat may carry smaller jibs, to compensate aerodynamics when the mainsail is reefed; these more rugged sails are called "storm jibs" or "spitfires".

On a boat with two staysails the inner sail is called the "staysail", and the outer (foremost) is called the jib. This combination of two staysails is called a "cutter rig" (or in North America a "yankee pair") and a boat with one mast rigged with two staysails and a mainsail is called a cutter.

On cruising yachts, and nearly all racing sailboats, the jib needs to be worked when tacking. On these yachts, there are two sheets (ropes) attached to the clew of the jib. As the yacht comes head to wind during a tack, the active sheet is released. At the same time the other sheet (the "lazy sheet") on the other side of the boat is pulled in. This sheet becomes the new "active sheet" until the next tack.


Brian

Brian [brahy-uhn](sometimes spelled as Bryan) is a common name in the English language. This name was ranked #288 on the US Popular Names in 2021. The name came from Irish and Breton origins. The name is also a surname of Occitan origins.The exact meaning of Brian is not known. However, it is possible the name is from Old Celtic, meaning "high" or "noble".


LaMia Airlines Flight 2933

LaMia Airlines Flight 2933 was a flight operated by LaMia that crashed near the city of Medellín in Colombia. The airplane was carrying players from the Chapecoense football team. The airplane had an aircraft registration of . The airplane crashed on 28 November 2016, at around 22:00 local time. The crash killed 71 people. Seven people originally survived the crash. However, one of the survivors, a goalkeeper known as Danilo, died a few hours after the plane crashed. The three Chapecoense players that survived were Alan Ruschel, Jakson Follmann, and Neto.

It crashed on November 28, 2016 at approximately 21:58 (UTC-5: 00). Among the passengers were players from the Brazilian soccer team Chapecoense, who were on their way to play the 2016 Copa Sudamericana final against Atlético Nacional. Six people survived the accident. The Colombian Civil Aeronautics Special Administrative Unit investigated the accident with the support of the British Air Accidents Investigation Branch.

The preliminary Colombian report indicated that the plane was traveling overweight and with fuel at the limit, and that the pilots mistakenly decided not to make stopovers to refuel at the Alfredo Vásquez Cobo de Leticia or El Dorado of Bogotá airports. In addition, they did not inform air control of the fuel shortage until the last moment. They did not comply with the flight plan, which should not have been approved by the airport authorities.

The final report of Aeronáutica Civil de Colombia, released on April 27, 2018, highlights that the LaMia company "did not comply with the minimum quantity of fuel requirements demanded in international standards, since it did not take into account the fuel required for fly to an alternate airport, the contingency airport, the reserve airport, or the minimum landing fuel"

The aircraft was an Avro RJ85, registration CP-2933, which made its first flight on March 26, 1999. After being in service with other airlines and going through a storage period between 2010 and 2013, it was acquired by LaMia. The company had a fleet of three RJ85s, but at the time of the accident, the CP-2933 was the only aircraft of the company that could fly.
The United States cable TV network ESPN produced an hour long story about the crash for its news magazine TV show. It focused on how one of the pilots was also a co-owner of the airline company and the effects on the survivors and on family members of the people killed in the accident.

The crash of LaMia Flight 2933 was covered in "Football Tragedy", a Season 19 (2019) episode of the internationally syndicated Canadian TV documentary series "Air Crash Investigation". The show premiered in the United States on the Smithsonian Channel's Air Disasters as "Soccer Tragedy" in November 2019.

List of accidents and incidents involving commercial aircraft 1919 – 1959

This page is a list of accidents and incidents involving commercial aircraft from 1919 to 1959.







































List of accidents and incidents involving commercial aircraft 1960 – 1989

This page is a list of accidents and incidents involving commercial aircraft from 1960 to 1989.
































List of accidents and incidents involving commercial aircraft 1990 – 2021

This is a list of accidents and incidents involving commercial aircraft from 1990 to 2021.








































Hurricane Otto

Hurricane Otto was a strong tropical cyclone in November 2016. The storm was the southernmost hurricane on record to hit Central America. It was also the first Atlantic storm to survive the crossover into the Pacific Ocean since Hurricane Cesar-Douglas in 1996.

Otto started late on November 21 in the southwest Caribbean Sea.

Costa Rica, southern Nicaragua and Panama had heavy damage from the storm.

At least 23 people died because of Hurricane Otto.

NES Classic Edition

The NES Classic Edition (also known as NES Mini) is a smaller version of the Nintendo Entertainment System with 30 games pre-installed. It is also known as the Famicom Mini in Japan. It was released in North America and Europe on November 11, 2016, in Japan and Australia on November 10, 2016,
and November 23, 2016 in Russia. The console comes with one controller. The cable of the controller is 0.7 meter long.

The Super NES Classic Edition, released in 2017, is the successor to the NES Classic Edition.

The console features a 720p HDMI display output and controllers that are similar to the original NES controller. The console also includes an emulation engine developed by Nintendo European Research and Development.

The NES Mini comes with 30 games. Each game can be saved. There are 4 save states for each game.

All versions of the console (no matter what region) include the following games:

The North American, European, and Australian versions have the following exclusive games:

The Japanese "Famicom" version has the following exclusive games:
Some people think that the cables of the controllers of the NES Mini are too short.

The NES and SNES Classic editions sold more than 10 million units by September 30, 2018.

Morton Sobell

Morton Sobell (born April 11, 1917 in New York City, died December 26, 2018) was an American engineer with General Electric and Reeves Electronics. He worked on military and government contracts. He was found guilty of spying for the Soviets as a part of a ring that included Julius Rosenberg and others. Sobell was tried and convicted of espionage in 1951 and sentenced to 30 years in prison. He was released in 1969 after spending 17 years and 9 months in prison.

In 2008, at the age of 91, he told "The New York Times" that he did turn over military secrets to the Soviets during World War II. This was the first time he publicly admitted guilt.

Sobell died on December 26, 2018. He was 101 years old.


Sumner Redstone

Sumner Murray Redstone (born Sumner Murray Rothstein; May 27, 1923 – August 11, 2020) was an American businessman and media magnate. He was the majority owner and chairman of the board of the National Amusements theater chain. Redstone and his family are majority owners of CBS Corporation and Viacom (itself the parent company of Viacom Media Networks, BET Networks, and the movie studio Paramount Pictures).

According to "Forbes", as of September 2015, he was worth US$5 billion.

Redstone was formerly the executive chairman of both CBS and Viacom. In February 2016, at the age of 92, a week after a court-ordered examination by a geriatric psychiatrist, Redstone resigned both chairmanships, replaced by Leslie Moonves at CBS and Philippe Dauman at Viacom. Redstone then became chairman emeritus.

Redstone was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He studied at Harvard College and at Georgetown University. He was married to Phyllis Raphael from 1947 until they divorced in 1999. He then was married to Paula Fortunato from 2002 until they divorced in 2009. He had two children: Brent and Shari.

Redstone died on August 11, 2020 at his mansion in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 97.


Sid Hartman

Sid Hartman (March 15, 1920 – October 18, 2020) was an American sports journalist for the Minneapolis "Star Tribune" and the WCCO 830 AM radio station. He was also a 20-year panelist on the weekly Sports Show with Mike Max, which aired Sunday nights at 9:30 p.m. on WUCW 23 in the Twin Cities metro area.

Hartman died on October 18, 2020 in Minneapolis at the age of 100.

Aharon Yehuda Leib Shteinman

Aharon Yehuda Leib Shteinman (), also Shtainman or Steinman (November 3, 1914 – December 12, 2017), was a well-known Haredi rabbi and posek (halakhic authority) in Bnei Brak, Israel. Following the death of Rabbi Yosef Shalom Elyashiv in 2012, he was widely regarded as the Gadol Hador (Leader of the Generation), the leader of the non-Hasidic Lithuanian world.

Bob Dold

Robert James "Bob" Dold Jr. (born June 23, 1969) is an American politician. He was the U.S. representative for the 10th congressional district of Illinois. Dold served from 2011-2013, as well as 2015-2017. In the 2016 election, he lost to Congressman Brad Schneider. Robert is a member of the Republican Party.

Jonas Mekas

Jonas Mekas (December 24, 1922 – January 23, 2019) was a Lithuanian-American filmmaker, poet and artist. He was often called "the godfather of American avant-garde cinema." His work were exhibited in museums and festivals worldwide.

His best known works were "Walden", "Reminiscences of a Journey to Lithuania" and "As I Was Moving Ahead Occasionally I Saw Brief Glimpses of Beauty".

Mekas died on January 23, 2019 at his home in New York City at the age of 96.

Camren Bicondova

Camren Renee Bicondova (born May 22, 1999) is an American actress, dancer and model. Bicondova is best known for her role as young Selina Kyle/Catwoman on the Fox television series "Gotham".

Jean-François Champollion University Center for Teaching and Research

Institut national universitaire Jean-François Champollion is a graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the Université Fédérale Toulouse Midi-Pyrénées.

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at Univ JFC.

Research activities at Univ JFC relate to the following topics:


Desmond Morris

Desmond John Morris (born 24 January 1928) is an English zoologist, educator, ethologist and surrealist painter. He is a popular author in human sociobiology. He was known for writing "The Naked Ape" (1967). 

Morris was born in Purton, Wiltshire, England. He studied at Dauntsey's School in West Lavington, Wiltshire. 



Carshalton Beeches railway station

Carshalton Beeches railway station is a railway station in south Carshalton in the London Borough of Sutton in south London. It opened on the 1st October 1906. The train operator on this station is Southern (train operating company). This station is in fare zone 5.

There are two platforms on this station. Platform 1 is for northbound trains towards Victoria Station only. Platform 2 is for southbound trains towards, Sutton (Surrey), Epsom and Epsom Downs.

This list shows the frequency of trains on typical off-peak hours.



London buses routes 154 operates at this station.

This table shows the departures from this station with the calling points and the time that is taken to get to the end of the line.


Clarel (poem)

Clarel: A Poem and Pilgrimage in the Holy Land is an epic poem by American writer and poet Herman Melville. The work was published in New York by G. P. Putnam & Company in 1876. It was author's last big book. The poem is really huge. It is composed of four parts. It consists of 150 cantos and comprises almost 18, 000 lines. It is written in rhymed verse. All the poem is written in iambic tetrameter, only final section is written in iambic pentameter. In some places the poet uses alliteration. The poem tells about a young man, named Clarel, who went on a trip to the Holy Land. The journey became for him a pilgrimage. The main theme of the poem is the seeking for faith. The main hero had lost his faith during his studies and wanted it back. One of his companions, named Vine, is believed to be a portrait of Nathaniel Hawthorne. Hawthorne was Melville's friend and a writer, too. The poem ends with some words of hope for the hero.

<poem>
"Then keep thy heart, though yet but ill-resigned --"
"Clarel, thy heart, the issues there but mind;"
"That like the crocus budding through the snow --"
"That like a swimmer rising from the deep --"
"That like a burning secret which doth go"
"Even from the bosom that would hoard and keep;"
"Emerge thou mayst from the last whelming sea,"
"And prove that death but routs life into victory."
</poem>

Melville's poem was not much appreciated in 19th century. In 20th century, however, it was called by Robert Penn Warren a precursor of "The Waste Land". In fact, T.S. Eliot's poem is about seeking for faith, too.


Mauisaurus

Mauisaurus ("Maui reptile") is a genus of plesiosaur that lived during the Upper Cretaceous about 80 to 69 million years ago. It was the largest plesiosaur, and perhaps the largest marine reptile in New Zealand waters at the time. "Mauisaurus haasti" is the only known species of the genus. A handful of specimens have been found, although only a few are well preserved and mostly complete. 

With 68 cervical vertebrae, "Mauisaurus" had one of the longest necks of any plesiosaur. It was large, over in length. Like other plesiosaurs, it had a long slender body, with numerous vertebrae, allowing flexible movement. On its underside, "Mauisaurus" had two sets of large flippers. These aided in swimming at high speeds, but may have also allowed the plesiosaur to venture onto shorelines for short amounts of time. "Mauisaurus" was a carnivore, with sharp jagged teeth that would have been used to grip fish or squid.

Dapedium

Dapedium is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish from the Triassic and Jurassic.






Komlosaurus

Komlosaurus (Komlo lizard) is a theropod dinosaur known from footprints found in Hungary.

Parts of a sail

In sailing the parts of a sail have certain terms that clearly describe them.

There are two types of common mainsails. The Three Sided Mainsail and the Four sided Mainsail. Each of these Mainsail types have many different names according to exact location and relationship of supporting spars.


The headsail of a sailboat is any sail set forward of the mast (on a single masted boat) or foremast (the mast nearest the bow). The corresponding parts are the same relative to the front of the boat. (Note: The headsail tack is the name for the lower corner of the headsail -- the sail closest to the front of the boat.)


Pterygotus

Pterygotus anglicus is an extinct Eurypterid, related to arachnids (the spider family) and commonly called "sea scorpions." It lived in the Silurian and Devonian periods.

Fossils have been found in North America, South America, Europe and Australia. It is related to the larger "Jaekelopterus". It is similar to the freshwater "Slimonia".

"Pterygotus" could reach a body length of . It had a pair of large compound eyes. It also had another pair of smaller eyes in the center of its head. It had 4 pairs of walking legs. A fifth pair of legs were swimming paddles. It also had a pair of large pincers.

American Airlines Flight 96

American Airlines Flight 96 was a flight operated by American Airlines. The flight was operated with a McDonnell Douglas DC-10. On 12 June 1972, the flight went into explosive decompression after a cargo door was blown out from the airplane. This incident occurred near the city of Windsor, Ontario, Canada. Because the incident occurred near the city, this incident is sometimes referred to as the Windsor Incident.

The incident was caused because of the cargo door. The cargo door was blown out of the plane because the locks of the cargo door failed. When the locks failed, the cargo door blew out and caused rapid decompression in the cargo area of the airplane. This caused the collapse of part of the passenger section of the airplane, which in turn led to some problems with the plane. The rudder of the airplane was jammed to the right, and cable controls to the second engine were separated. Luckily, no hydraulics were broken. Despite having little control of the airplane, Captain Bryce McCormick was successful in landing the airplane at Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport. After the incident, McDonnell Douglas, the maker of the aircraft, made minor changes to the locks of the cargo door. These changes would prove to be not successful with the crash of Turkish Airlines Flight 981. The crash was caused by exactly the same reason as this incident.


Buriolestes

Buriolestes (meaning "Buriol's robber") is a genus of early sauropodomorph dinosaurs from the Late Triassic of Brazil. It contains one species, B. schultzi, named in 2016. The type specimen was found alongside a specimen of the lagerpetid dinosauromorph "Ixalerpeton".

Lariniscotes

"Lariniscotes" is a trace fossil attributed to sea scorpions. The tracks were probably made by "Pterygotus" or "Eurypterus".

Sonnet on the Great Suffering of Jesus Christ

"Sonnet on the Great Suffering of Jesus Christ" () is a poem by 17th century Polish poet Stanisław Herakliusz Lubomirski. It is one of the finest examples of sonnet form in Old Polish literature. The poem is a part of "The Poems of Lent" (in Polish "Poezje postu świętego"). It was translated into English by Michael J. Mikoś (Michael J. Mikos).

Stanisław Herakliusz Lubomirski was a Polish nobleman. He was born in 1642. He travelled a lot in his youth. He visited France, Spain, Italy and Austria. He as interested in literature and theatre. After he had returned to Poland, he became a politician. He was a member of Sejm (Parliament). He became also the Great Marshall (that is a secretary of internal affairs). He died in 1702.

The sonnet was not very popular in Old Polish literature. This genre existed for three hundred years in Italy, when Polish poets started writing such poems. The first poet to write sonnets in Polish was Jan Kochanowski. After him two notable poets wrote such poems. They were Mikołaj Sęp Szarzyński and Sebastian Grabowiecki.

"Sonnet on the Great Suffering of Jesus Christ" is one of the best poems of the genre in 17th century Polish poetry. It follows the rules of Italian sonnet. It is made up of 11-syllable lines. All Italian sonnets were written in "endecasillabo" that is 11-syllable metre. The rhyme scheme is the most classical. There are only four rhymes. The scheme is abba abba cdc dcd.

<poem >
"Wielkiej miłości i nieogarnionej"
"Tryumf, czy piekła łupy, czy mogiły"
"Zawisnej śmierci, czy niebieskiej siły"
"Są cudem męki, co zniósł Bóg wcielony?"

"Moc, myśl, żal, strach, pot, krew, sen zwyciężony,"
"Zdrada, powrozy, łzy, sąd i niemiły"
"Twarzy policzek, i rózgi, co biły,"
"Słup, cierń, krzyż, gwóźdź, żółć i bok otworzony"

"Są to dobroci dary, a nie męki,"
"Nie dary, ale łaski źrzódła żywe,"
"Nie źrzódła, ale boskie cuda ręki,"

"Tej ręki, co nam zbawienie szczęśliwe"
"Z swych ran wylała, za które niech dzięki"
"Oddaje-ć serce, o dobro prawdziwe!"
</poem>

An unusual feature of the poem is a long enumeration in the 5th line and in the 8th line. It is composed of 1-syllable words. In Polish language such words are very rare. Stanisław Herakliusz Lubomirski was not the only poet to use such a poetic device. Daniel Naborowski used it earlier in the poem "The Brevity of Life" (in Polish "Krótkość żywota"). This poem was put into English by Michael J. Mikoś, too.

Eurypterus

Eurypterus is a type of extinct sea scorpion. It is the most famous type of sea scorpion, although it was far from the largest. It lived during the Silurian era and out has been found in the United States, Canada and Europe. The first "Eurypterus" fossil was discovered in 1818. 

Crackdown

Crackdown has multiple meanings.


64-bit computing

In computer science, 64-bit computing refers to a microprocessor's data stream. It means an operating system can use more computer memory at one time. This makes a 64-bit system much faster than a 32-bit system. A 32-bit system can only use up to 3.56 gigabytes of random-access memory (called RAM or memory). A 64-bit system can use much more memory making it considerably faster. Using an analogy, a 64-bit system is like a 64 line highway. If each bit were a car, it means 64 of them can move at the same time. 


Sutton Common railway station

Sutton Common railway station opened in 1930. The only train that operates at this station is Thameslink. This station is in fare zone 4.

There are two platforms at this station. Platform 1 is for trains towards Luton via Wimbledon station. Platform 2 is for trains towards Sutton (Surrey).

This list shows the frequency of trains on typical off-peak hours.



London buses routes 470 and S3 operates at this station.

This table shows the departures from this station with the calling points and the time that is taken to get to the end of the line.


Singapore Airlines Flight 006

On October 31, 2000 Singapore Airlines Flight 006 crashed after taking off on the wrong runway at Chiang Kai-shek International Airport in Taiwan, caused by pilot error in bad weather. The aircraft was a Boeing 747-400 with 179 people on-board. 83 people were killed in the crash while 96 survived.

79 passengers and four crew members died in the crash. 24 Americans, 26 Taiwanese, 11 Indians, 12 Singaporeans, 4 Malaysians, 2 Koreans, 2 British, 1 Vietnamese, 1 Chinese, 1 Hong Konger, 1 Indonesian, 1 Japanese, 1 Dutch, 1 Macaoan, 1 Kazakhstani, and 1 Filipino were among the dead.

LOT Polish Airlines Flight 16

LOT Polish Airlines Flight 16 a Boeing 767 was a regular flight from Newark to Warsaw, that made a belly landing at Warsaw Chopin Airport on November 1, 2011 without any loss of life to the 231 passengers and crew on board.

Forestay

On a sailing vessel, a forestay, sometimes called a jibstay, or a headstay, is a piece of standing rigging. It keeps a mast from falling backwards. It is usually attached to the very top of the mast. The other end of the forestay is attached to the bow of the boat. 

Often a sail is attached to the forestay. This sail may be a jib or a genoa. In a cutter rig, the jib or jibs are flown from stays in front of the forestay, perhaps going from the masthead to a bowsprit. The sail on the forestay is then referred to as the staysail. A forestay might be made from stainless steel wire or rod.

Arrondissements of the Bas-Rhin department

There are 5 arrondissements in the Bas-Rhin department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Bas-Rhin are:

Bas-Rhin is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It was divided in four districts: Haguenau, Benfeld, Strasbourg and Wissembourg, with Strasbourg as is capital. Soon, the district of Sarre-Union was created and the name of the district of Benfeld was changed to Sélestat (in its origins, Schlestadt).

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the five districts were changed into four "arrondissements": Strasbourg, Barr, Saverne and Wissembourg. The subprefecture of Barr was moved to Schlestadt (Sélestat) in 1806.

The Bas-Rhin department was eliminated in 1871 when the territory became part of Germany.

In 1919, Bas-Rhin is again an department when the territory became part of France with the "arrondissements" Strasbourg-Ville, Strasbourg-Campagne, Erstein, Haguenau, Molsheim, Saverne, Sélestat and Wissembourg.

The "arrondissements" Sélestat and Erstein were combined in 1974 to form the "arrondissement" of Sélestat-Erstein.

In 2015, the "arrondissements" Strasbourg-Campagne and Wissembourg were eliminated and their territories passed to the remaining "arrondissements", and only 5 were kept: Haguenau-Wissembourg, Molsheim, Saverne, Sélestat-Erstein and Strasbourg.


Šiprage

Šiprage (Шипраге) is a settlement in the Bosnia and Herzegovina, Republika Srpska entity, Kotor Varoš Municipality. The first Kotor-Varosian settlement, the medieval town Kotor, existed certainly before the 9th century, because, according to credible sources, it was previously "destroyed several times." It was named as Vasekatro „near Banja Luka“.

Šiprage is on the Vrbanja river. In 1991, 956 people lived in Šiprage. The highest elevation is 520 m.

During the Bosnian War (1992–95), Bosnian Serb Police and Army forces destroyed villages upstream along the Vrbanja to Kruševo Brdo. One of the 18 camps for detained Bosniaks from the Kotor Varoš Municipality was at the Police station (MUP) in Šiprage.

After 1996, most of the Bosniak villages were partly restored thanks to the Luxembourgish government. During the war, an Orthodox church was built in the centre of the village.

♦ Šiprage area


Kotor Varoš

Kotor Varoš or Kotor-Varoš (Котор Варош) is a town and municipality in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.

In 2013, 22,001 people lived in Kotor Varoš.

The elevation of Kotor Varoš is . Total municipality area is .

Kotor Varoš is on the Vrbanja river, on its southeastern upstream line of the Banja Luka, about and to Šiprage also.

The first settlement of the medieval town Kotor, existed certainly before the 9th century, because, according to credible sources, it was previously "destroyed several times." It was named as Vasekatro „near Banja Luka“.


Deck (ship)

Decks are the main horizontal parts of a ship's structure. The crew stand and walk on the deck. A deck is the floor of a boat or ship, but open boats only have floorboards. 

Below is a list of the many names given to different decks. They might be confusing. The list should be used with caution because there is no one agreed system for naming decks. 



Ships over 24m long doing international business have to respect the International Convention on Load Lines. Such vessels have a deck named the Freeboard Deck. It goes from end to end in the ship and from one side to the other. Decks below the weather deck can be the Freeboard Deck, as in most ferries. The distance from the sea surface to the Freeboard Deck is named the freeboard. All these ships have a minimum freeboard. At no time may they be so deep in the water that the freeboard is smaller than the minimum freeboard. For that reason, the Freeboard Deck is an important reference point in the ship. Some shipyards and shipping companies name the Freeboard Deck as Deck 1 or 1st Deck. The decks below are 2nd Deck or Deck 2, 3rd Deck or Deck 3 etc. The decks over the Freeboard Deck have letters. The first level over the Freeboard Deck is Deck A. Over that is Deck B, Deck C etc. This system of deck names says where the deck is in the ship. This is important because the Load Line Convention has special rules about doors, windows, hatch openings and ventilation openings on Deck A and Deck B.

Vrbanja (river)

The Vrbanja (Врбањa) is a river in western Bosnia and Herzegovina. Along with the Ugar, it is the largest right tributary of the Vrbas. Its drainage basin covers an area of approximately 703.5 km. It has significant hydropower potential. The estimations of the Vrbanja's length vary from 84 km to 95.4 km.

The river is fed by numerous tributaries from Vlašić, Čemernica, Borja and Uzlomac mountains. The most significant right-side tributaries are the Bobovica, Lopača, Trnovac, Crkvenica, Stopanska rijeka, Kruševica, Jezerka, Bosanka, and Jošavka, and the most significant left-side tributaries, the Čudnić, Kovačevića potok, Ćorkovac, Demićka, Sadika, Grabovička rijeka, Duboka river, Vigošća/Vigošta, Cvrcka and Jakotina.

Wole Soyinka

Akinwande Oluwole "Wole" Babatunde Soyinka (Yoruba: "Akinwándé Oluwo̩lé Babátúndé S̩óyinká"; born 13 July 1934) is a Nigerian playwright and poet. He was awarded the 1986 Nobel Prize in Literature, the first African to be honored in that category.

Vrbas (river)

The Vrbas (Врбас) is a river in the western part of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is one of the larger tributaries of river Sava. The Vrbas is about 250 km long. The drainage basin is around 6273 km. The average flow at the mouth is 114 m/s.
Vrbas starts from two springs on Ze Mountain (branch of Vranica), at 1715 m above sea level. Vrbas River cuts a composite valley, passing through Skopljanska valley, Vinačka klisura (gorge), Jajce valley, canyon valley Tijesno, Banja Luka valley, and a lower flow through Lijevče polja (field).

The main left tributaries of the Vrbas are: Semešnica, Pliva, Black River and Krupa. The main right tributaries are Bistrica, Ugar, Svrakava, Vrbanja river, and Turjanica.

Its mouth is in Bosanska Gradiška.

Banja Luka

Banja Luka (Бања Лука), or Banjaluka is a city in the western part of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is located on the Vrbas river. It is the second largest city in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and many people say it is one of the country's most beautiful cities. It is the administrative center of the Republika Srpska and the economic and cultural center of this part of Bosnian Krajina.

Its elevation is 163 m, and its total area is 1,238.91 km. According to the 2013 census, the City of Banja Luka has 185,042 inhabitants.

In the first century AD, Romans won the area of Banja Luka, which was then inhabited mainly members of Mezeji, an Illyrian tribe. This area was completely within the Roman province called Illyricum. Today, the city of Banja Luka is located on the road that led from Dalmatia to Pannonia, or from Salona to today's Bosanska Gradiška. Today's citadel Kastel, which is in what was the center of the city at the time, was a Roman military fortress.

Slavs settled Balkans and all of the current Banja Luka are in the sixth and seventh centuries, and they built several fortresses in the valley of the river Vrbas. There are not many written records from that time. The earliest Slavic settlement is also called "Vrbas," and it was first mentioned in 1320. The name of the town Banja Luka first appears in writing in 1494, in a work by Croatian-Hungarian King Vladislav. The name comes from "banjaluk" that is the Turkish-Bosnian slang for "spaing." This is because of the natural hot water suitable for baths that still exist in today's oldest settlement, Gornji Šeher/Upper Seher. The city came under Ottoman rule in 1537.

Ugar (river)

The Ugar ("Brzica" until 1878) is a river of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is a tributary of the Vrbas river.

The Ugar's length is around 44.5 kilometres. Its drainage basin is around 328 km. Its largest right tributaries are: Pljačkovac, Ilomska, Kobilja, Zirin Potok and Kusin Potok (Ziro's and Kuso's creeks). The left tributaries are the creeks: namely Lužnica Potok, Dedića Potok, Andrijevića Potok, Bunar, Oraški Potok, and Kukavički Potok.

It starts at the slopes of Vlašić, upstream of Sažići and Melina villages. This is around 1590 meters above sea level. It is a watershed area of Vrbanja, Ilomska and Bila rivers. Its discharge is 

Ilomska

Ilomska ( Иломска) is a river in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is right tributary of the Ugar. It is about in length. The river starts in Vlašić's Mountain. It is an essential body of water for surrounding wildlife.

Ilomska flows between the Žežnička Greda (altitude ) and Javorak () mountains. It has a curved flow around Lisina () and Runjavica () mountains, through coniferous (fir and spruce) and mixed spuce-beech woods.

Its flow below Petrovo polje has sharp curves.

After two attractive waterfalls, Ilomska flows into the Ugar, a few kilometers downstream from Vitovlje village. The height of the bigger water flow is around 40 meters. Waterfalls in this wildness attract mountain-climbers, tourists, and fishermen.

Vlašić (mountain)

Vlašić (Влашић) is a mountain in Dinaric Alps. It is in the very center of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Its highest peak is Paljenik with an elevation of 1,943 m. It is famous for its pastures, cattle-breeding and cheese. It overlooks the town of Travnik.

The mountain is named for the Vlassi people (called Vlachs in Bosnia). They tended their sheep there since the end of the Roman Empire. They brought one of the trademarks to the area, Vlašić cheese, about the year 1,000. Originally they used sheep milk but later used milk from cows. It is left to ripen for up to three months. The area is also known for the Tornjak dog and Pramenka sheep. The Tornjak is believed to have existed for more than a thousand years. They are bred to guard the sheep from wolves and bears. The Tornjak's name comes from the Croatian word "tor" which means "a fenced area for sheep."

Travnik

Travnik ("Травник") is a town in central Bosnia and Herzegovina, west of Sarajevo. It is the capital of the Central Bosnia Canton. It is in the Travnik Municipality. In 2013, the town of Travnik had 16,534 residents. The Travnik metropolitan area population was 57,543 people. In 1699 it became the residence of the viziers of the Ottoman province of Bosnia.

Travnik is close to the geographic center of Bosnia and Herzegovina at . The river Lašva flows from west to east through the city. Travnik is in the Lašva valley. This valley connects the Bosna river valley to the Vrbas river valley.

Travnik is above sea level. The Vilenica and Vlašić mountains are two of the geographical features found near Travnik. Vlašić mountain is at the very center of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Its highest peak is Paljenik with an elevation of .

Central Bosnia Canton

The Central Bosnia Canton (, ) is the sixth of ten cantons of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is in the center of the country, to the west of Sarajevo. The center of the canton government is in Travnik. According to the census of 2013, the population was 273,149 in the Central Bosnia Canton. This is a population density of 85.65/km

The canton is split into the municipalities of Bugojno, Busovača, Dobretići, Donji Vakuf, Fojnica, Gornji Vakuf-Uskoplje, Jajce, Kiseljak, Kreševo, Novi Travnik, Travnik, Vitez.

West Sutton railway station

West Sutton railway station opened in 1930. The only operator for this station is Thameslink. This station is in Fare Zone 5.

There are two platforms for this station. Platform 1 is for trains towards Sutton (Surrey). Platform 2 is for trains towards Luton.

This list shows the frequency of trains on typical off-peak hours.



London buses route 413 operates at this station.

This table shows the departures from this station with the calling points and the time that is taken to get to the end of the line.


Wallington railway station

Wallington railway station is a train station in the London Borough of Sutton in south London. It opened in 1847. The trains for this station are operated by Southern (train operating company). This station is in fare zone 5.

There are two platforms for this station. Platform 1 is for trains towards Victoria station via Crystal Palace and Norbury. Platform 2 is for trains towards Sutton (Surrey), Epsom and Epsom Downs.

This list shows the frequency of trains on typical off-peak hours.



London buses routes 127, 151, 157, 410, 455, 463, 612, 627, 633 and S4 operates at this station.

This table shows the departures from this station with the calling points and the time that is taken to get to the end of the line.


Arrondissement of Haguenau-Wissembourg

The arrondissement of Haguenau-Wissembourg is an arrondissement of France in the Bas-Rhin department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Haguenau.

The "arrondissement" of Haguenau-Wissembourg was formed when the former "arrondissements" of Haguenau and of Wissembourg were merged on 1 January 2015 to form the new "arrondissement". Several communes from the arrondissements of Strasbourg-Campagne and Saverne were added as well.

The "arrondissement" of Haguenau-Wissembourg is in the northeast of the Bas-Rhin department. It is bordered to the north and east by Germany, to the south by the Strasbourg "arrondissement", to the southwest by the Saverne "arrondissement" and to the west by the Moselle department.

The "arrondissement" of Haguenau-Wissembourg has an area of . It is the largest of the 5 "arrondissements" of the department but the second in population (240,402 inhabitants), with a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 5 cantons in the arrondissement of Haguenau-Wissembourg:
The "arrondissement" of Haguenau-Wissembourg has 142 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Versace

Versace S.p.A, usually called Versace, is an Italian luxury fashion house. It was founded by Gianni Versace in 1978. One of the logos of the brand represents the head of Medusa.

Since the death of Gianni Versace in 1997, Donatella Versace is the head of designs. Her daughter Allegra Versace owns half of the company.

Arrondissement of Molsheim

The arrondissement of Molsheim is an arrondissement of France in the Bas-Rhin department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Molsheim.

At the 2015 arrondissements reform, the "arrondissement" of Molsheim was expanded with several communes from the "arrondissements" of Strasbourg-Campagne and Saverne.

The "arrondissement" of Molsheim is in the west of the Bas-Rhin department. It is bordered to the north by the Saverne "arrondissement", to the east by the Strasbourg "arrondissement", to the southeast by the Sélestat-Erstein "arrondissement", to the southwest by the Vosges department, to the west by the Meurthe-et-Moselle department and to the northwest by the Moselle department.

The "arrondissement" of Molsheim has an area of and a population of 103,068 inhabitants for a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 3 cantons in the arrondissement of Molsheim:

The "arrondissement" of Molsheim has 77 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Nanotyrannus

Nanotyrannus (meaning "dwarf tyrant") is a doubtful genus of tyrannosaurid dinosaur. They may be juveniles of "Tyrannosaurus" or a similar genus. The issue is not yet decided. 

Only two or three specimens are known. They are from the end of the Upper Cretaceous, 67 million years ago.

Arrondissement of Saverne

The arrondissement of Saverne is an arrondissement of France in the Bas-Rhin department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Saverne.

At the 2015 arrondissements reform, the "arrondissement" of Saverne was expanded with several communes from the "arrondissement" of Strasbourg-Campagne, and some of its communes were reassigned to the arrondissements of Haguenau-Wissembourg and Molsheim.

The "arrondissement" of Saverne is the most western of the Bas-Rhin department. It is bordered to the northeast by the Haguenau-Wissembourg "arrondissement", to the southeast by the Strasbourg "arrondissement", to the south by the Molsheim "arrondissement". The Moselle department is to the southwest, west and north.

The "arrondissement" of Saverne has an area of and a population of 129,272 inhabitants for a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 3 cantons in the arrondissement of Saverne:

The "arrondissement" of Saverne has 164 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Bosniaks

The Bosniaks (Bošnjaci/Бошњаци, feminine: "Bošnjakinja"/Бошњакиња) are a South Slavic ethnic group native to the Southeast European historical region of Bosnia, which is today part of Bosnia and Herzegovina, who share a common Bosnian ancestry, culture, history and language. They come from Old Bosnia, which is today Bosnia and Herzegovina, though many of them are from the other Balkan populations, especially Serbia, Montenegro and Croatia. They come from medieval Bosnians or Bošnjani, Slavic that lived in what was then Bosnia. Medieval Bosniaks or Bosnians (called Dobri bošnjani = "Good Bosnians") practiced different religions but they all spoke the Bosnian language. Today, Bosniaks are mostly Bosnian-speaking, and write in the Latin script or Cyrillic script. Most modern Bosniaks are Muslim, and some are agnostic and atheists. Majority of Bosniaks today adhere to the Sunni branch of Islam. They have both European and Islamic heritage. Both within the Balkans region and throughout the world, Bosniaks are often noted for their unique culture, which has been influenced by both eastern and western civilizations and schools of thought over the course of their history.

The Oxford English Dictionary says the ethnonym "Bosniak" was first used in English by the British diplomat and historian Paul Rycaut in 1680. He spelled it "Bosnack" to sound like the post-classical Latin "Bosniacus" (possibly earlier than 1682), the French word "Bosniaque" (1695 or earlier) or the German word "Bosniak" (1737 or earlier). An ethnonym is a name of a group of people. The 1836 version of "Penny Cyclopaedia" V. 231/1 uses the modern spelling:
All Slavic languages use the suffix "-ak" for masculine nouns. For example, people from the ethnic group in Poland can be called "Polak" and people from Slovakia Slovaks ("Slovák"). Consequently, "Bosniak" is logic equivalent to its non-ethnic counterpart "Bosnian," which came to English from Middle French as "Bosnien"): a native of Bosnia.

English-speakers usually say "Bosnian Muslim" when they mean Bosniaks, but this is not completely correct because not all Bosniaks are Muslim. Partly because of this, ever since the country Yugoslavia broke up, people have started to say "Bosniak" instead of "Muslim" as an official way to talk about this group of people ethnic term to avoid confusion. They also say "Bosnians", but this word can mean anyone from Bosnia or Herzegovina, not just members of the Bosniak ethnic group.

A few million Bosniaks live in the Balkans, and about one million other Bosniaks live in other parts of the world. Ethnic cleansing and genocide during World War II (1939-1945) and the Bosnian War (1993–95) killed many Bosniaks and drove others to move away from where they had been living. Partially because of this, there has been a Bosniak diaspora in a number of countries, including Bosnian Austrians, Germany, Bosnian Australians, Sweden, Turkey, Canada, and the United States.


Arrondissement of Sélestat-Erstein

The arrondissement of Sélestat-Erstein is an arrondissement of France in the Bas-Rhin department in the Grand Est region. Its capital is the city of Sélestat.

When the Bas-Rhin department was created on 1800, the arrondissement of Sélestat (or Sélestat-Erstein) was part of that original department. The subprefecture of Barr was moved to Schlestadt (Sélestat) in 1806.

In 1974, the "arrondissements" of Sélestat and Erstein were combined to form the new "arrondissement" of Sélestat-Erstein.

The "arrondissement" of Sélestat-Erstein is the most southern of the Bas-Rhin department. It is bordered to the west and north by the Molsheim "arrondissement", to the northeast by the Strasbourg "arrondissement", to the east by Germany, to the south by the Haut-Rhin department and to the soutwest by the Vosges department.

The "arrondissement" of Sélestat-Erstein has an area of and a population of 155,916 inhabitants for a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 5 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Sélestat-Erstein:

The "arrondissement" of Sélestat-Erstein has 101 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Strasbourg

The arrondissement of Strasbourg is an arrondissement of France in the Bas-Rhin department in the Grand Est region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Strasbourg.

The arrondissement of Strasbourg was created at the 2015 "arrondissements" reform by the merger of the former "arrondissement" of Strasbourg-Ville with part of the "arrondissement" of Strasbourg-Campagne.

The "arrondissement" of Strasbourg is in the west of the Bas-Rhin department. It is bordered to the north by the Haguenau-Wissembourg "arrondissement", to the south by the Sélestat-Erstein "arrondissement", to the southwest by the Molsheim "arrondissement" and to the west by the Saverne "arrondissement". Germany is to the east of the "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Strasbourg is the smallest of the "arrondissements" of the department with an area of but is the one with more people living in it with a population of 484,157 inhabitants for a population density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 11 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Strasbourg:
The "arrondissement" of Strasbourg has 33 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Joe Ranft

Joseph Henry "Joe" Ranft (March 13, 1960 – August 16, 2005) was an American screenwriter, animator, storyboard artist, voice actor and magician. He worked for Pixar Animation Studios and The Walt Disney Company. His brother, Jerome Ranft, is a sculptor who also worked on several Pixar movies.

He received an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay nomination as one of the writers of "Toy Story" (1995). He was also a story supervisor for the film. He had just finished his assignment as head of story for the 2006 movie "Cars", when he was killed in a car crash.

Bosnian War

The war in Bosnia and Herzegovina or Bosnian War is the generally accepted name for an international military conflict in the area of Bosnia and Herzegovina, which lasted from April 6th 1992 to December 14th 1995, between Serbia and Montenegro, the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Croatia. This war is often appointed and as The aggression on Bosnia and Herzegovina and Civil War in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Bosnia and Herzegovina formally indicted Serbia and Montenegro for genocide before the International Court of Justice. The Court 21st February 2007 published a judgment in which he concluded that the war had an international character.

It was estimated that in the nearly 4 year war killed 100,000 - 200,000 people, while over 2,000,000 people had to leave their homes. According to more recent reports, the war killed around 94,000 inhabitants, and displaced about 1,800,000 people. The war was caused by a complex combination of the general political, social and security crisis in the country, which followed the end of the Cold War and the fall of the socialist system in Yugoslavia. The war ended with the signing Peace Agreement in Dayton, Ohio on 21 November 1995.

Flåm

Flåm is a village in Norway. It is in the municipality of Aurland in Sogn og Fjordane county.

The closest airport is Sogndal Airport, Haukåsen, which is about from Flåm. The European route E16 highway between Oslo and Bergen runs through Flåm.

In 2014, the population was reported to be around 350.


Laetitia Casta

Laetitia Casta (born 11 May 1978) is a French actress and model. She is a spokesmodel for L'Oréal since 1998. She was a Victoria's Secret Angel from 1998 to 2000.

In 1999, she had her first role in a movie. It was "Asterix & Obelix Take On Caesar" by Claude Berri.

In 2008, she had a Swann d'Or for her rôle in the movie "Born in 68".

In 2011, she was nominated for the César Award for best actress, for her role of Brigitte Bardot in the movie "".

In 2012, she was made Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by Frédé­ric Mitter­rand.

Since 2014, she has a wax sculpture at the Musée Grévin, a wax museum in Paris.


Muck, Scotland

Muck is an island in Scotland. It is the smallest main island of the Small Isles, which are part of the Inner Hebrides. There are about 27 people living on the island. Most of them live near Port Mòr.

North Rona

North Rona is an island in Scotland. It is in the Inner Hebrides.

It has an area of 109 hectares (270 acres). The maximum elevation is 108 metres (354 ft). No people live on the island.

Ischigualasto Provincial Park

Ischigualasto Provincial Park is a protected area in San Juan Province, north-western Argentina. The park is also called Valle de la Luna ("Valley of the Moon") due to its otherworldly appearance.

It contains the geological formation called the "Ischigualasto Formation". The formation is also included in the Talampaya National Park in the La Rioja Province. The Ischigualasto Formation has fossils from the Triassic period. These are some of the oldest known dinosaur remains.

In 2000 UNESCO included Ischigualasto in its World Heritage Sites.

Martin Sjögren

Martin Sjögren (born 27 April 1977) is a Swedish football coach. He became the coach of the Norway women's national football team in 2016. He won the Damallsvenskan title with Linköpings FC in 2016, then agreed to take the Norway national team job.


Port Mòr

Port Mòr is a harbor and settlement on the Isle of Muck in the Inner Hebrides off the West Coast of Scotland. It has a population of 27 people.

In 2011, a fossil was discovered in Port Mor. It was a bony fish named "Moricus" in 2015 after Port Mor, where it was discovered.

Andrew Kishino

Andrew Kishino (born March 20, 1970) is a Canadian voice actor with recent roles including Janja on "The Lion Guard" and Saw Gerrera on "".

He married to voice actress Vanessa Marshall in 2001 and broke up in 2007.

Collonges, Switzerland

Collonges is a municipality of the district of Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Dorénaz

Dorénaz is a municipality of the district Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

List of protected areas of Bosnia and Herzegovina

National parks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Nature parks of Bosnia and Herzegovina


Sutjeska National Park

The Sutjeska National Park is a national park in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is in the Republika Srpska. Established in 1962, it is Bosnia and Herzegovina's oldest national park.

The park includes the highest mountain in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Maglić. The park covers an area of about .

Perućica Forest Reserve is located within the park. It is long, wide, and has an area of . It is a UNESCO recognized site. The forest has many trees that are 300 years old. It is a primeval forest.


Cockpit (sailing)

A cockpit is a name for the location of the controls of a vessel. It is usually an open well in the deck of a boat outside the cabin. In modern boats a cockpit may refer to an enclosed area. Smaller boats typically have an "aft cockpit," towards the stern of the boat. Larger vessels may provide a "center cockpit" with greater protection from the weather. On a recreational sailboat, the cockpit is often the safest place for the crew.

In the Royal Navy, the term "cockpit" originally meant the place where the coxswain was stationed. This led to the word being used for the area near the stern of a small boat that houses the rudder controls. The midshipmen and master's mates were later assigned to sleep in the cockpit. It was also the place where the ship's surgeon and his mates were stationed during battle.

Gummy bear

A gummy bear is a small fruit gum candy that contains of things like sugar, glucose syrup, gelatin, flavoring, and food coloring, and is made to look like a bear. It is often sticky.

Kruševo Brdo

Kruševo Brdo is a village in central Bosnia and Herzegovina. It belongs to the Municipality of Kotor Varoš. It is divided into Krševo Brdo I and II for administration.

This village is located at the beginning of the valley of the Vrbanja river. It is on the northeastern slopes of the Vlašić mountain. It is km to Šiprage and to Kotor-Varoš. The valley spreads along the Vrbanja river to its estuary in Vrbas (Banja Luka). The Ilomska river is north of Kruševo Brdo. All local roads descend into this place.

During the Bosnian War (1992–95), Bosnian Serb Police and Army forces destroyed Bosniaks's villages downstream along the Vrbanja from Kruševo Brdo, via Šiprage, and Kotor Varoš to Banja Luka. After 1996, most of the Bosniak's villages were partly restored thanks to the Luxembourgish government.

Misiones Department

Misiones () is a department in Paraguay. The capital is the city of San Juan Bautista. Its code is PY-08.

Its present name was given to the province because it was a region where there were several Jesuit missions.

The town of Yabebyry was established in 1790, and later, the towns of San Miguel and San Juan Bautista were founded. In 1906, the Misiones department was created in 1906 as the "San Ignacio" department with 8 districts: San Ignacio, Santa Rosa, Santa María, Santiago, San Juan Bautista, San Miguel, Ayolas and Florida. When the department was renamed as Misiones in 1945, its capital was moved from San Ignacio to San Juan Bautista.

The Misiones department is in the south of the "Oriental" region. It has an area of , of the area of Paraguay. Its estimated population in 2013 is 119,719 for a population density of inhabitants/km.

Misiones department is relatively flat and several rivers and streams flow through its territory. The northern and southern borders of the department are formed by, respectively, the "Tebicuary" and the "Paraná" rivers.


, the total amount of precipitation for the year 2012 in the city of San Juan Bautista was . The month with the most precipitation was April with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation was June with .

The average temperature for the year 2012 in San Juan Bautista was . The warmest month, on average, was February with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The department is divided in 22 districts:

The basic economical activity of this department is cattle raising. As for agriculture, the fields are mainly in the north and center of the department.

Its main attractions are the beaches formed by the rivers Paraná and Tebicuary. Villa Florida is a city which offers landscapes to its visitors.



Eigg

Eigg is a small island off the coast of Scotland. It is 9 km wide and has a population of 83 people. Eiggs highest point is it's only mountain, An Sgùrr.

Dayton S. Mak

Dayton S. Mak (10 July 1917 - 16 March 2018) was a U.S. diplomat. He served posts in England, Libya, Lebanon, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, and Germany. He was the first U.S. ambassador of Kuwait. Mak was also former Director of the Bureau of Intelligence and Research, for Near East South Asia Affairs.

Leah Bracknell

Leah Bracknell (born Alison Rosalind Bracknell 12 July 1964 – September 2019) was an English actress. She was best known for her role as Zoe Tate in "Emmerdale". She was also a teacher with the British School of Yoga and designs and produces her own line of jewelry.

In October 2016, Bracknell revealed that she was suffering from terminal lung cancer. She died from the disease at her Worthing home in September 2019, aged 55.


Gord Downie

Gordon Edgar "Gord" Downie (6 February 1964 – 17 October 2017) was a Canadian rock musician, writer, and occasional actor. 

He was the lead singer and lyricist for the Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip. He released five solo albums: "Coke Machine Glow" (2001), "Battle of the Nudes" (2003), "The Grand Bounce" (2010), "And the Conquering Sun" (2014) and "Secret Path" (2016). On the first three of these, he was backed by the Country of Miracles;

Downie was diagnosed with glioblastoma, a rare form of brain cancer in May 2016. He died from the disease on 17 October 2017 in Toronto at the age of 53.

Nobby Stiles

Norbert Peter "Nobby" Stiles MBE (May 18, 1942 – October 30, 2020) was an English footballer. He was born in Collyhurst, Manchester.

Stiles played for England for five years, winning 28 caps and scoring 1 goal. He played every minute of England's victorious 1966 FIFA World Cup campaign. His best performance in an England shirt was probably the semi-final of that tournament against Portugal, where he was given the job of marking the prolific Eusébio. His tough performance resulted in Eusébio being practically nullified for the entire game. 

Stiles also played very well in the final, which England won 4–2 against West Germany. His post-match celebration has become one of the most famous images in English sport history. The sight of Stiles dancing on the Wembley pitch, holding the World Cup trophy in one hand and his false teeth in the other, has lived for decades.

On 24 November 2013, it was announced that Stiles was diagnosed with prostate cancer.

Stiles died on 30 October 2020 after suffering with prostate cancer and advanced dementia in Manchester, aged 78.

Manchester United

England



Jill Gascoine

Jill Gascoine (11 April 1937 – 28 April 2020) was a British actress and novelist. She was best known for her role as Detective Inspector Maggie Forbes in the 1980s television series "The Gentle Touch" and its spin-off series "C.A.T.S. Eyes". In the 1990s, she also became a novelist and has published three books.

In June 2013, Gascoine publicly revealed that she has Alzheimer's disease. In November 2016 her husband, Alfred Molina, reported that she was "in a very advanced stage of Alzheimer's", and had been in a specialist care home for over two years. She died from the disease on 28 April 2020, aged 83.

Ian St John

Ian St John (7 June 1938 – 1 March 2021) was a Scottish footballer. He played as a centre-forward. He is best known as a Liverpool player from 1961 to 1971. He won two First Division league titles and an FA Cup (scoring the 117th minute winning goal in the 1965 final) with Liverpool. He played for Scotland 21 times. He later became a manager and pundit. He was born in Motherwell, Lanarkshire. In 2008, he was added to the Scottish Football Hall of Fame.

In June 2014, he announced that he had surgery for bladder cancer in April of that year. The surgery removed his bladder and prostate gland.

St John died on 1 March 2021 after a long illness in Arrowe Park, Merseyside at the age of 82.



Canna

Canna is a small island in the Small Isles in the Inner Hebrides. As of 2017, there are 12 people on the island. Canna is linked to its neighbouring island Sanday by a single road. Canna has its own native animal, the "Canna Fruit Bat".

Rum (island)

Rum (often spelt "Rùm") is a small island in the Small Islands in the Inner Hebrides. The population ia around 22 as of 2017. 

Sanday

Sanday is an island off the coast of Canna. Sanday is home to 9 people as of 2017. 

Gay Byrne

Gabriel Mary "Gay" Byrne (5 August 1934 – 4 November 2019), affectionately known as Uncle Gay, Gaybo or Uncle Gaybo, was a veteran Irish presenter of radio and television for several decades. His most known role was first host of "The Late Late Show" over a 37-year period spanning 1962 until 1999. 

Byrne was born in Rialto, Dublin. He studied at Trinity College, Dublin. He was the first person to broadcast The Beatles on television.

From 1973 until 1998, Byrne presented "The Gay Byrne Hour"—later "The Gay Byrne Show" when it expanded to two hours—on RTÉ Radio 1 each weekday morning. Since retiring from his long-running radio and television shows, Byrne has presented several other programmes, including "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?", "The Meaning of Life" and "For One Night Only" on RTÉ One and "Sunday Serenade"/"Sunday with Gay Byrne" on RTÉ lyric fm. 

In 2006 he was elected Chairman of Ireland's Road Safety Authority. Since retiring he has become the "Elder Lemon of Irish broadcasting".

Byrne is married to Kathleen Watkins. Together they have two adopted daughters. He lives in Sandymount, Dublin with his wife.

On 21 November 2016 he revealed, live on a radio broadcast, that he was to begin treatment for prostate cancer and that the cancer may have also spread to his lower back. He died from the disease in Dublin on 4 November 2019 at the age of 85.

Elizabeth Dawn

Elizabeth "Liz" Dawn MBE (8 November 1939 – 25 September 2017) was an English actress. She was best known for her role as Vera Duckworth in the long-running British soap opera "Coronation Street".

Dawn was awarded an MBE in October 2000 for her services to charity and for having helped raise hundreds of thousands of pounds for hospitals in the Manchester and Leeds areas.


Errol Christie

Errol Christie (29 June 1963 – 11 June 2017) was a former professional English boxer and currently a boxing trainer. He was the captain of the English amateur boxing team from 1980 to 1983 and European amateur champion in 1983. After turning professional he was a regular fixture on "ITV Fight Night" in the 1980s. After retiring from boxing he became a trainer in white collar boxing.

In March 2015 Christie was diagnosed with small-cell lung cancer. He died in London on 11 June 2017 from complications of the disease, aged 53.

Paul Rycaut

Sir Paul Rycaut (1628–1700) was a British diplomat, author and traveler. Rycaut served as secretary to the British Embassy at Constantinople. Afterward, he served as consul to the Levant Company in Smyrna, Turkey. He was the English ambassador to Hamburg. Rycaut was a Fellow of the Royal Society.

Rycaut was born in November or December of 1628 in Aylesford, Kent. His parents were Peter and Mary Rycaut. His father, Peter Rycaut, was originally from Spain and was a representative in London for the King of Spain. He had also loaned the king money during his war with Holland. Because of this he was exiled from England by Cromwell and lost all his property. 

Rycaut's mother, Mary van der Colge, was the daughter of silk merchant from Spitalfields whose father had fled Belgium as a result of the persecution of Protestants by the Spanish. Mary was born in London, United Kingdom and was a member of the Huguenot Society in London. Rycaut learned Greek and Latin probably while still in grammar school in Kent. He graduated from Trinity College, Cambridge in 1650. In 1652, he was admitted to Gray's Inn. 

When Rycaut traveled to Spain to ask Philip IV of Spain for repayment of his father's loans, the king received him warmly. The king arranged for Rycaut to attend the University of Alcalá free of charge. In 1659, Rycaut became the private secretary to Heneage Finch who was the Levant Company ambassador to Constantinople. While there Rycaut learned Turkish and began writing his book "The Present State of the Ottoman Empire." He returned to England in 1665. 

Rycaut was sent to Smyrna in 1667 as the agent of the Levant Company where he spent 11 years. On his return to England in 1778 he became private secretary to King William III of England for two years. He was then appointed as ambassador to Hamburg. He was knighted in 1685. On March 28, 1700 he returned to London. On November 9 that same year he suffered a heart attack. Rycaut died on November 16, 1700.




Cantor's theorem

In set theory Cantor's theorem states that the set which contains all subsets of a set has a greater cardinality than the set itself. Georg Cantor showed this in an article he published in 1890. The theorem is valid both for finite and infinite sets.

Small Isles

The Small isles are the four islands, Muck, Rùm, Eigg, Canna and several other islands. They are a small archipelago of islands in the Inner Hebrides, off the west coast of Scotland. They are south of Skye and north of Mull and Ardnamurchan. The Small Isles is one of 40 National Scenic Areas in Scotland. They can be reached by taking a ferry from either Arisaig or Mallaig on the mainland. 

Lycorhinus

Lycorhinus is a genus of omnivorous heterodontosaurid dinosaur.

Concepción, Paraguay

Concepción is a district and city in northern Paraguay and capital of the Concepción Department. It is next to the Paraguay River.

The city is at about to the north of Asunción, the capital of Paraguay.

The Spanish Governor of Paraguay, Agustín Fernado de Pinedo, founded Concepción in 1773 with the name of "Villa Real de Concepción". The town prospered in the early years of the 20th century, as a centre for the north of the country, the "Gran Chaco", and a river port. The town was also the initial centre for the Paraguayan civil war of 1947.

The city of Concepción is in the southwest of the Concepción department, in the north of the "Oriental" region. The district has an area of and an estimated population in 2015 of 80,622 for a population density of inhabitants/km.

Concepcion has a tropical wet and dry/ savanna climate (Köppen climate classification : Aw) with a pronounced dry season in winter.

The average amount of rainfall for the year in the city is . Most rains fall during summer. The month with the most precipitation on average is December with of rainfall, followed by November with .

The driest season is winter. The month with the least rainfall on average is July with an average of and the second is August with .

Concepción is in a warm region; the average temperature for the year is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is June, with an average temperature of .


Square rig

Square rig refers to a type of sail and rigging where the sails are mounted on horizontal spars. The number of masts, the square sails and how the yards (spars) are set out distinguishes a square-rigged ship. The classic example of a square-rig is a three masted fully rigged ship. The square-rigger descends from the lateen-rig. Its angled sails became square sails. The full-rigged ship is a ship with square-rigged sails on all its masts. The square rig with all its sails and rigging is hard to handle when tacking or "coming about". In the trade winds, square-rigged ships have an advantage, especially in deep water. 


Water Under the Bridge

"Water Under the Bridge" is a song by English singer-songwriter Adele. It is the sixth song on her third studio album, "25". It was written by Adele and her frequent writing partner, Greg Kurstin, who also produced the song. "Water Under the Bridge" was the fourth single from "25" on November 4, 2016.

The song is a more upbeat song, similar to "Rolling in the Deep". So far, it has charted at number 26 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified gold by the RIAA in 2017 for shipments of 500,000 copies in the US.

When reviewing "25", Lewis Corner from "Digital Spy" wrote that Adele and Kurstin "strike upon a shimmering mid-tempo pop parade, as the London singer proclaims 'if you're gonna let me down, let me down gently' over the chewiest melody she's laid her vocals on. […] Adele's perceptive lyric and rich vocal makes it entirely her own."

Večići

Večići is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is in the Kotor Varoš Municipality in central Bosnia and Herzegovina. It spreads across Večićko polje (Večići's field), nearby the mouth of Cvrcka (in Vrbanja river), and Vrbanjci, a larger village.

In 1991 its population was 1744. In 2013 it was 797, all of whom are Bosniaks.

During the Bosnian War, the village was a pocket of Bosniak resistance against the Bosnian Serb Army and Police forces. It suffered severe damages, including destruction of the village mosque. The anthropologist Madelyn Iris noted that


Merchant vessel

A merchant vessel or trading vessel is a boat or ship that transports cargo or carries passengers for hire. This does not include pleasure craft that do not carry passengers for hire. Warships are also not considered to be merchant ships.

They come in large number of sizes and shapes. They range from twenty-foot inflatable dive boats in Hawaii, to 5,000 passenger casino vessels on the Mississippi River. They include tugboats working in New York Harbor, to 1,000 foot oil tankers and container ships.

Some of the more common types are:

Most countries of the world operate fleets of merchant ships. However, due to the high costs of operations, today these fleets are in many cases sailing under the flags of other nations. These are countries that specialize in providing manpower and services at very good terms. Such flags are known as "flags of convenience". Currently, Liberia and Panama are two of the most popular flags of convenience. Ownership of the vessels can be by any country, however.

Today, Japan and Greece are two of the largest merchant fleets by capacity. In 2014, the two countries shipped about 30% of the world's tonnage. However, China is now the nation that owns the most merchant ships. 

During wars, merchant ships may be used as auxiliaries to the navies of their respective countries. They are called on to deliver military personnel and material.




Cvrcka

The Cvrcka is a river in Central Bosnia, the largest left bank tributary of Vrbanja river.

It rises in area of Skender Vakuf on the northern slopes of Čemernica, on the same drainage divide as the Jakotina. Jakotina is another tributary of the same river, which flows in same parallel direction to Vrbanja river. It streams are consisted by two rivers: Međurača (source at about 1,200 m) and Vukača (source at about 1,150 m). Its estuary is between Večići and Vrbanjci (310 m above sea level).


Vrbanjci

Vrbànjci is a village in the Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the Municipality of Kotor Varoš, Republika Srpska.

Vrbanjci spread along the Vrbanja river (for which it is named), between its tributaries Jezerka, Bosanka, and Cvrcka.

The history of this area commemorates the battle on The Field of Večići, on the Vrbanja river, where was the clash between the Ottomans army and repressed pro Bosnian forces, from almost the entire State of Bosnia. According to the historical context, it probably happened around 1463, when Bosnia fell under Ottoman Administration.

During the last War in Bosnia (1992–1995), Serb paramilitary and police forces have committed severe crimes against the civilian Bosniaks and Croats populations in Vrbanjaca and surrounding villages, including Večići

Most of the refugees of the Bosniak population are back in their native lands and have restored their houses, with the assistance of the international community, but above all thanks to their own resources.

Since 1995, parents of Bosniak's pupils at the local Elementary school "Sveti Sava" have been running a leongly court case to exercise their Constitutional right to teach in their native Bosnian language. Following a decade-long denial of the lawsuit at the Municipal Court in Kotor Varoš and the District Court in Banja Luka, the Constitutional Court of RS issued a verdict in their favor only in December 2019, obliging the defendant to reimburse all costs of the trial.


Bosanka (river)

Bosanka (Bosnian women) is a river in central Bosnia. It is a right tributary of the Vrbanja river. It rises on the southern slopes of the Uzlomac mountain (elevation about ) in four streams. The length is about . Flowing through Petrovići, and its mouth in Vrbanja river is between the villages of Dabovci and Dudići. The mouth of the river is downstream from Vrbanjci, along highway M-4 (Banja Luka - Doboj). 

The only significant (left) tributary to Bosanka is the Vodalka. 
In 1950 there were eight watermills in the Bosanke and Vodalke river basins.
On the eastern side of Vodalke are several creeks, such the Zmajevac, Pirizevac and Breska. On the western side are the Jelovac, Pušića potok, Svinjara and Jošavka. 

During the War in Bosnia people living in the area of the Bosanka were expelled and killed. This is especially true in the village of Vrbanjci, and nearby surrounding Večići, Hrvaćani, Garići and Rujevica.


Tony Atkinson

Sir Anthony Barnes "Tony" Atkinson, (4 September 1944 – 1 January 2017) was a British economist. He was the Senior Research Fellow of Nuffield College, Oxford and Centennial Professor at the London School of Economics. A student of James Meade, Atkinson virtually single-handedly established the modern British field of inequality and poverty studies. He worked on inequality and poverty for over four decades.

Atkinson died on 1 January 2017 from multiple myeloma in Oxford, England, aged 72.

Hilarion Capucci

Hilarion Capucci (2 March 1922 – 1 January 2017) was a Syrian Catholic bishop. He served as the titular archbishop of Caesarea in the Melkite Greek Catholic Church. He was born in Aleppo, Syria. During his time in office, he was a critic of Israel, showing support with the Palestinians.

On 20 July 1947, he was ordained a priest of the Basilian Alepian Order. On 30 July 1965, he was appointed archbishop and consecrated.

On 1 January 2017, the Vatican announced that Capucci had died in Rome, aged 94.


Memo Morales

Guillermo Enrique Morales Portillo, better known as Memo Morales (6 April 1937 – 1 January 2017) was a Venezuelan singer also known as "El Gitano Maracucho". He was the voice main of important orchestras of the country. 

In 1981, he founded, with Luisín Landaez, "La Nuestra", and in 1984, with Cheo García, created "La Gran Orquesta de Cheo y Memo". They performed together until Garcia's death in 1994.

Morales died on 1 January 2017 in Caracas, Venezuela from a heart attack, aged 79.

Uzlomac

Uzlomac is a long mountain in Central Bosnia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, east from line direction Maslovare – Vrbanjci – Kotor Varoš – Čelinac. It stretches in southeast – northwest direction, through the mountainous area, from Kruševica river to Jošavka. Its maximum altitude is . 

On Uzlomac rise many tributaries of Vrbanja river, Usora and Ukrina, i.e. tributaries of Vrbas and Bosna (river) confluences.


Yaakov Neeman

Yaakov Neeman (‎ , 16 September 1939 – 1 January 2017) was an Israeli lawyer and academic. He was born in Tel Aviv. Neeman served as Minister of Justice in 1996 and again from 2009 through 2013. He also served as Minister of Finance from 1997 through 1998.

He was also professor of law at the Bar-Ilan University.

Neeman died on 1 January 2017 in Jerusalem, aged 77.


Get Dumb

"Get Dumb" is a 2007 single by Swedish DJs Axwell, Steve Angello and Sebastian Ingrosso (later known as Swedish House Mafia) along with Dutch DJ Laidback Luke. The song was also the first ever collaboration by the Swedish trio before their formation as a supergroup.


Small-cell carcinoma

Small-cell carcinoma (also known as "small-cell lung cancer", or "oat-cell carcinoma") is a type of highly malignant cancer that most commonly arises within the lung, although it can occasionally arise in other body sites, such as the cervix, prostate, and gastrointestinal tract. Small cell carcinoma has a shorter doubling time, higher growth fraction, and earlier development of metastases compared to a non-small cell carcinoma.

Ciarán Hinds

Ciarán Hinds ( ; born 9 February 1953) is an Irish movie, television and stage actor. 

He is known for his roles in "Road to Perdition", "The Sum of All Fears", "The Phantom of the Opera", "Munich", "There Will Be Blood", "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2", "The Woman in Black", "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy", "" and "Frozen". He played Steppenwolf, in the 2017 movie "Justice League" and its director's cut in 2021. 

In 2022, Hinds was nominated for an Academy Award for his role in "Belfast".


Olivia (name)

Olivia [ oh-liv-ee-"uh" ] is a female given name in English. It is derived from the Latin word "olive". Olivia is a stunning appellation that has been on the rise in popularity in recent times. This name has a profound legacy and a significant connotation. Its Latin roots reveal that Olivia signifies "olive tree", which is a symbol of serenity, intelligence, and affluence. For centuries, the olive tree has been adored for its splendor and practicality. It dates back to the 13th century. Many people think the name was first used by William Shakespeare for a character in "Twelfth Night". This name was ranked #1 on the US Popular Female Names in 2021.


Wonder Woman (2017 movie)

Wonder Woman is an American superhero movie. It is based on the DC Comics character Wonder Woman. It is distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures.

The movie is intended to be the fourth installment in the DC Extended Universe. The movie is directed by Patty Jenkins, written by Allan Heinberg, Geoff Johns and Patty Jenkins, and from a story by Heinberg and Zack Snyder. Principal photography began in late November 2015 and wrapped in May 2016. "Wonder Woman" was released on June 2, 2017 in the United States, in 2D, 3D and IMAX 3D.


The movie set many box office records, including becoming the highest-grossing movie directed by a woman, the biggest domestic opening for a movie directed by a woman, the highest-grossing superhero origin movie domestically, the largest opening for a female-led comic book movie.

At the 2017 San Diego Comic Con, Warner Bros. officially announced a sequel would be released on December 13, 2019, and would be titled "Wonder Woman 1984"; the date was later moved up to November 1, 2019, to avoid competition with "".


Muriel (name)

Muriel is a female given name in the English language. It is also a family name. The name has been around for a long time in Breton, Celtic, Irish and Scottish Gaelic languages. The name was common in medieval England, often formatted as Merial. Usage of "Muriel" peaked in the early 1920s. Use of the name has steadily declined over time. Muriel is a beautiful name that has been around for centuries. It is a name that has a rich history and a deep meaning. The name Muriel has its roots in Gaelic and means "bright sea." It is a name that is associated with beauty, grace, and strength. The pronunciation of the name is [ my"oo"r-ee-"uh"l ]. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Emmanuel Niyonkuru

Emmanuel Niyonkuru (20 July 1962 – 1 January 2017) was a Burundian politician. He was appointed to the Government of Burundi as Minister of Water and Environment in 2015, after having been elected as a senator for the district of Muramvya. He was born in the Commune of Rutegama, Burundi.

Niyonkuru was assassinated by gunshot in the capital city of Bujumbura on 1 January 2016, aged 54. A woman was reportedly arrested.

Joseph A. Califano Jr.

Joseph Anthony Califano Jr. (born May 15, 1931) is a retired American politician. He served as United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare from 1977 through 1979 under the Jimmy Carter administration. He is the founder and chairman of The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University (CASAColumbia), an evidence-based research organization.

He is one of two living former Secretaries of Health, Education, and Welfare (the other is his predecessor, F. David Mathews).

He has been Adjunct Professor of Public Health (Health Policy and Management) at Columbia University Medical School (Department of Psychiatry) and School of Public Health and is a member of the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences.


Usora (river)

Usora is left tributary of the Bosnia in central Bosnia. The total length of the river Usora – from sources below the top of the mountain Očauš to the mouth above the Doboj is about 82 kilometers. The town of Teslić, through which it flows, bears the local name Velika Usora (Great Usora), since under the city at a place called Sastavci meets with his same named, but a lot less left tributary Mala Usora (Little Usora). It also comes from the mountain masiff Uzlomac – Borja – Očauš below it in smaller distances rises more Bosnia river and their tributaries, as well as the basin Vrbanja river and Ukrina. In its upper reaches, the river makes a wide loop around Borja, from its southwest to northeast slopes.

Great Usora created by merging Gomjenice and Brkića stream. Small Usora springs below (south) of the main road M-4 (Banja Luka – Matuzići, some 10 km west of Pribinić). Before Sastavci locality, right tributary to it are: Mišića rijeka, Great Ostružnja, Inova , Miljkovača, Velika rijeka (Great river), Brezna and smaller streams, as well as left: Rankovića rijeka, and Gračanica.

In much of the flow Ukrina is flooding river but the increasingly frequent flooding causes significant damages.

In the early Bosnian history Usora belonged to gold-bearing river, and it is believed that this is still in its upper course along with the many large and small tributaries and streams. Obvious hydro-energy potential Usora is permanently unused, and fish stocks almost negligible, especially if one takes into account the centuries-old discharging untreated waste industrial water Chemical Distillation of wood in Teslić.


Echinodon

Echinodon is a genus of Heterodontosaur dinosaur. It has been found in the Lower Cretaceous of Europe, 140 million years ago. 

"Saurechinodon" is a synonym of this genus.

Mel Lopez

Gemiliano "Mel" Campos Lopez, Jr. (1 September 1935 – 1 January 2017) was a Filipino politician. He served as the Mayor of Manila from 1986 to 1987 and 1988 to 1992. He was also an assemblyman of the Batasang Pambansa (former parliament of the Philippines) from 1984 to 1986. He was born in Manila.

Lopez died from a heart attack on 1 January 2017 in Quezon City. He was 81.

Megalosauridae

Megalosauridae is a monophyletic family of carnivorous theropod dinosaurs in the order Megalosauroidea. They appeared in the Middle Jurassic, 

They are closely related to the family Spinosauridae. Some members of this family include "Megalosaurus", "Torvosaurus", "Eustreptospondylus", and "Afrovenator". 

Megalosaurids were among the first major adaptive radiations of large theropod dinosaurs, but they became extinct by the end of the Jurassic period. They were a relatively primitive group of basal tetanurans with two main subfamilies, Megalosaurinae and Afrovenatorinae. 

The basal genus "Eustreptospondylus" differs from both subfamilies. Its position is unclear

François Chérèque

François Chérèque (1 June 1956 – 2 January 2017) was a French trade unionist. He was the leader of the trade union centre French Democratic Confederation of Labour (CFDT, ) from 2002 to 2012. He was born in Nancy, Meurthe-et-Moselle.

Chérèque died from leukaemia on 2 January 2017 at the age of 60.

Squash (drink)

Squash (also called "cordial" or "dilute") is a non-alcoholic concentrated syrup. It is used in beverage making. It is usually fruit-flavoured. Squash is made from fruit juice, water, and sugar. Modern squashes may also contain food coloring and additional flavoring. Some traditional squashes contain herbal extracts, most notably elderflower and ginger. The original name for Squash was "Lemon Squash" but the name was shortened to include other flavors.

Viktor Tsaryov

Viktor Grigoryevich Tsaryov (; 2 June 1931 – 2 January 2017) was a Russian footballer. He played professionally from 1954 to 1966. He was best known for playing as a midfielder for Dynamo Moscow. He later managed the USSR football team and Dynamo Moscow. He was born in Moscow.

Tsaryov died on 2 January 2017 in Moscow at the age of 85.


Bogdan Tuszyński

Bogdan Romuald Tuszyński (4 July 1932 – 1 January 2017) was a Polish sports journalist, reporter and historian. He was best known for his sports report "Studio S-13" of the Polskie Radio, beginning in 1970. He started his job as an editor of "Przegląd Sportowy" (1951–1952). He later moved to Polskie Radio in 1953, leaving them in 1981. He also reported on the Peace Race every year. He published about thirty books between 1975 and 2009. 

Tuszyński was born in Łódź. His daughter, Agata Tuszyńska (born 1957), also became a journalist.

Tuszyński died after a long illness on 1 January 2017 in Warsaw. He was 84.

Lateen

A lateen (from French "latine", meaning "Latin") or latin-rig is a triangular sail set on a long yard mounted at an angle on the mast. It runs in a fore-and-aft direction.

A square sail is a very simple device. It catches a following wind and pushes the vessel forward. The lateen sail is more complex. It is set at an angle to the wind. It works by creating a difference in air pressure between the two sides (concave and convex) of the sail. This is the same way a fore-and-aft sail works. This is why the lateen sail is considered the ancestor of the fore-and-aft sail. The advantages of the lateen sail is that it is effective in lighter winds. It causes less drag and so is more efficient. It allows the vessel to sail much "closer to the wind" (meaning it can sail at up to about 45 degrees into the wind). This made the lateen sail a very important invention.

The lateen sail did not directly come from the square sail. There was an intermediate sail type called the lug sail. It was one of the earliest fore-and-aft rigs. It was developed for use on the Indian Ocean. Sailors knew that the wind does not always come from behind the vessel. They learned that the square sail could be made more efficient by turning it on the mast so it remained at a right angle to the wind. When used with a keel and some form of steering, it provided more options. Instead of simply sailing downwind, the vessel could move in different directions relative to the direction of the wind. If the wind came from the beam (side of the ship), rotating the sail became less effective. But, if the luff (edge of the sail) was pointed into the wind and kept taut, the sail would provide forward movement. This could be made more effective if the yard (or spar) holding the sail is sloped downward into the wind. From this discovery came the lug, then the lateen.

In ancient history the square sail was used in the Mediterranean. It was used on seagoing ships of the Phoenicians, Egyptians, Greeks and Romans. In Northern Europe at this time, they only used the square sail. This was even after the ships in the Mediterranean were using the triangular lateen sails.

The 15th and 16th century caravel was a favorite type of ship used in the Portuguese and Spanish voyages of discovery. In addition to their distinctive single sterncastle, they carried lateen sails. During this time the caravel developed into a very fast and highly maneuverable ship. Two of Christopher Columbus's ships, the "Niña" and the "Pinta" were caravels. He repeatedly praised the "Niña" as his fastest and favorite ship.


John Berger

John Peter Berger (5 November 1926 – 2 January 2017) was an English art critic, novelist, painter and poet. 

Berger was born in Hackney, London, England. He was the son of Miriam (nee Branson) and Stanley Berger. Berger served in the British Army from 1944 to 1946. He studied at the Chelsea School of Art and the Central School of Art in London.

Berger's novel "G." won the 1972 Booker Prize. He wrote an essay on art criticism, "Ways of Seeing". The essay was written as an accompaniment to a BBC series. It is often used as a university text.

Berger died on 2 January 2017 in Paris at the age of 90.

Tacking (sailing)

Tacking or coming about is a term in sailing that means the boat is changing directions by turning the bow of the vessel in relationship to the wind. It also means the course you are on relative to the direction of the oncoming wind. A tack with the wind blowing over the port (left) side of the boat is called a "port tack". A tack with the wind coming over the starboard side of the boat is called a "starboard tack". The sailboat's helmsman is responsible for communicating with the rest of the crew when making a tacking maneuver. When making a tack the helmsman calls out "ready about!" When the crew is ready they call out "ready", and the maneuver is started. The opposite of a tack (into the wind) is a jibe (changing direction while moving with the wind).

In order to tack a boat moving into the wind, some speed is necessary. If too much time is taken in completing the tack, the forward momentum will be lost and the boat may move backwards. If a sailboat is caught going directly into the wind, it is called "in irons." This stops all forward motion of the boat. A tacking maneuver is a basic skill that is learned with practice. The maneuver also is different in a single person small sailboat than in a 40 or 50 foot racing sailboat.

Beating is the procedure by which a ship moves on a zig-zag course to make progress directly into the wind (upwind). No sailing vessel can move directly into the wind (though that may be the desired direction). Beating allows the vessel to advance indirectly upwind.

A ship that is beating will sail as "close to the wind" as possible. This position is known as close hauled. In general, the closest angle to the wind that a ship can sail is around 35 to 45 degrees. Some modern yachts can sail very near to the wind, while older ships, especially square-rigged ships, cannot sail very close to the wind.



The Lego Ninjago Movie

The Lego Ninjago Movie is an American-Danish 3D computer-animated action comedy adventure martial arts movie. It is directed by Charlie Bean and written by Dan Hageman, Kevin Hageman, Kevin Chesley and Bryan Shukoff. The movie was released in the United States on September 22, 2017 through Warner Bros. and starts the voices of Jackie Chan, Dave Franco, Olivia Munn, Justin Theroux, Zach Woods, Kumail Ninjiani, Abbi Jacobson, Fred Armisen and Michael Pena. It is the second spin-off of the 2014 movie The Lego Movie.

Six young ninjas are tasked to defend their home island Ninjago. By night, they are warriors and use their skills and vehicles to fight against villains and monsters. By they are ordinary teenagers struggling against their greatest enemy: high school.

Derek Parfit

Derek Parfit (11 December 1942 – 1 January 2017) was a British philosopher. He specialized in problems of personal identity, rationality, ethics, and the relations among them.

Parfit was born in Chengdu, China. His parents, Jessie and Norman Parfit, were British medical doctors who moved to Western China. After a year in China, Parfit moved to Oxford, England where he was raised. He studied at the University of Oxford.

Parfit's 1984 book "Reasons and Persons" has been very well known to other philosophers. His last book, "On What Matters" (2011), was widely published and discussed for many years before its publication.

Parfit worked at Oxford University for all of his academic career. He was an Emeritus Senior Research Fellow at All Souls College, Oxford. He was also a visiting professor of philosophy at New York University, Harvard University, and Rutgers University. He was awarded the 2014 Rolf Schock Prize "for his groundbreaking contributions concerning personal identity, regard for future generations, and analysis of the structure of moral theories."

Parfit was an experienced photographer and a poet. He was married to the philosopher Janet Radcliffe Richards.

Parfit died in London, England on 1 January 2017, aged 74.


Battle of Austerlitz

In the battle of Austerlitz, Napoleon Bonaparte fought Russian and Austrian troops. The battle took place near Austerlitz (now in the Czech Republic) in 1805. Napoleon’s big victory let him create the Confederation of the Rhine. The book War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy contains a detailed description of the battle.

The battle sometimes (as of the 2020s) gets acted out (or reenacted).

Rogue One

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (or just Rogue One) is an American science fiction movie. It was released worldwide in December 2016. A Lucasfilm movie, it is directed by Gareth Edwards. It was written by Chris Weitz and Tony Gilroy with the story by John Knoll and Gary Whitta. The film stars Felicity Jones, Diego Luna, Ben Mendelsohn, Donnie Yen, Mads Mikkelsen, Alan Tudyk, Jiang Wen and Forest Whitaker.

It is the first movie in the "Star Wars" anthology series. The story follows Jyn Erso, daughter of the unwilling designer of the Galactic Empire's super-weapon the Death Star. Her mission is to get the diagram so it can be destroyed.

James Dyer of Empire Magazine gave the film 4 stars, saying "The ultimate Star Wars fan film, it's short on whimsy but when it gets going there's enough risk-taking and spectacle to bode well for future standalones". Amy Nicholson of MTV gave the film a C-, saying "Audiences once packed theaters to gawk at the future; now, it's to soak in the past. The emphasis is on packing in as much nostalgia as possible and tersely editing it together to resemble a film". IGN's Eric Goldman gave the film a 9/10, stating "The film offers a remarkable recreation of the original Star Wars' world, while exploring this universe from a different, edgier perspective than is the norm". Matthew Pejkovic of Matt's Movie Reviews scored the film a 4/5, saying "Earns its intergalactic stripes as a Star Wars spin-off of visual gumption and gritty action filmmaking, securing its place as the glue between trilogies in this ever expanding space saga". Mark Dujsik of Mark Reviews Movies gave the film a 2/4, stating "We're used to the characters in this series existing primarily as archetypes. The characters here, though, barely qualify as archetypes".


Richard Machowicz

Richard John "Mack" Machowicz (May 30, 1965 – January 2, 2017) was an American television presenter and Navy SEAL. He was the host of the Discovery Channel and Military Channel show "Future Weapons". He also was a member of the Spike series "Deadliest Warrior". He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Machowicz was diagnosed with brain cancer in 2015. His condition got worse in December 2016. He died on January 2, 2017 in Pearland, Texas at the age of 51.

Alfonso Wong

Alfonso Wong (, 1925 – 1 January 2017) was a Hong Kong manhua artist. He also wrote under the pen name ""Wong Chak"" (), which is his son's name. He created the comic strip "Old Master Q" ("Lao Fu Zi"), which has been published since 1962. He was born in Tianjin, China and moved to Hong Kong in 1960. He had six sons.

Wong died from organ failure on 1 January 2017 in California, United States. He was 91.

Granny (orca)

Granny ( – ), also known by scientific name J2, was an orca, or killer whale. With an age of about 105, Granny was the oldest orca humans know of to ever live. She was first captured in 1967 with a group of orcas. However, she was believed to be too old for public aquariums and was released.

In January 2017, it was announced that researchers considered Granny dead. She had last been seen on October 12, 2016.

Prince Oscar, Duke of Skåne

Prince Oscar, Duke of Skåne (Oscar Carl Olof; born 2 March 2016) is the second child and only son of Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden. His older sister is Princess Estelle. 

(Swedish: "Hans Kunglig Höghet Oscar, Prins av Sverige, Hertig av Skåne)"

SOCATA MS.880 Rallye

The SOCATA MS.880 Rallye is a French light aircraft used by civilian and military users. It's first mission is training. 

It was create by Morane-Saulnier and after built by SOCATA. A military light attack version is known as Rallye 235 Guerrier.
Some were built under licence in Poland as PZL Koliber.

Sir Thaddeus

Sir Thaddeus, or the Last Lithuanian Foray: A Nobleman's Tale from the Years of 1811 and 1812 in Twelve Books of Verse (in Polish "Pan Tadeusz, czyli ostatni zajazd na Litwie. Historia szlachecka z roku 1811 i 1812 we dwunastu księgach wierszem") is a long poem by Polish romantic poet Adam Mickiewicz. It is regarded as a national epic. It was first published in Paris in 1834. The poet was then in exile in France. "Sir Thaddeus" is a story of a conflict between two noble families, the Soplicas and the Horeszkos. The time is 1811 and 1812, shortly before Napoleon invaded Russia. When attacked by Russian soldiers, both families fought against the enemy. The conflict between the families was ended with the marriage of Thaddeus Soplica and Sophia Horeszko.

Adam Mickiewicz was born in the East of the former Polish-Lithuanian state. Because of that he called Lithuania his mother-country.

<poem>
"Litwo! Ojczyzno moja! ty jesteś jak zdrowie."
"Ile cię trzeba cenić, ten tylko się dowie,"
"Kto cię stracił. Dziś piękność twą w całej ozdobie"
"Widzę i opisuję, bo tęsknię po tobie."
</poem>

Lithuania, my country, thou art like health; how much thou shouldst be prized only he can learn who has
lost thee. To-day thy beauty in all its splendour I see and describe, for I yearn for thee. (Translation in prose by George Rapall Noyes).

The poem is written in 13-syllable metre, very common in Polish literature.



Charles J. Colgan

Charles Joseph Colgan (September 25, 1926 – January 3, 2017) was an American politician and businessman. He served as a member of the Virginia Senate from the 29th district from January 1976 to January 2016. He also served two terms as President pro tempore from 2008 to 2012, and for less than four months in 2014.

Colgan was born in Frostburg, Maryland. He served in the U.S. Air Force (USAF) in 1945. He was married twice and had eight children.

Colgan died from a vascular illness on January 3, 2017 in Aldie, Virginia. He was 90.

Ivo Brešan

Ivo Brešan (27 May 1936 – 3 January 2017) was a Croatian playwright, novelist and screenwriter. He was for known for political satire. He was on screen from the early 1970s to 2006. His work included "Acting Hamlet in the Village of Mrdusa Donja" (1973), "How the War Started on My Island" (1996) and "Marshal Tito's Spirit" (1999). He had written screenplays with his son Vinko Brešan.

Brešan was born in Vodice. In 2001, he was awarded the Vladimir Nazor Award for Life Achievement in Literature

Brešan died on 3 January 2017 in Zagreb at the age of 80.

Rolf Noskwith

Rolf Noskwith (19 June 1919 – 3 January 2017) was a British businessman. During the Second World War, he worked under Alan Turing as a cryptographer at the British military base Bletchley Park in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire.

Noskwith was born in Chemnitz, Saxony, Germany. His parents were Eastern European-born Jews. He moved with his family to England in 1932. He was educated at Cambridge.

Noskwith died on 3 January 2017 in London at the age of 97.

Halal snack pack

A halal snack pack, or HSP, is a dish that comes from Australia. It is made up of halal-certified doner kebab meat (mainly lamb, chicken or beef), chips, sauces (mainly chili, garlic and barbecue sauces) and often cheese. The exact origin of the halal snack pack is unknown. Halal snack packs have become more popular since 2015, when the Facebook group "Halal Snack Pack Appreciation Society" was created.

Diego Luna

Diego Luna Alexander (born 29 December 1979) is a Mexican actor, director and producer. He has appeared in many movies, including "Y tu mamá también" (2001), "" (2004), "The Terminal" (2004), "Milk" (2008), "Elysium" (2013) and "Rogue One" (2016). He currently stars as Miguel Ángel Félix Gallardo in the Netflix crime series "" (2018–present).

Luna was born in Toluca and grew up in Mexico City. His mother Fiona Alexander, a British set designer, died in a car accident when Luna was two. His father Alejandro Luna is a Mexican set designer. He was married to actress Camila Sodi from 2008 to 2013. They have two children.

Donnie Yen

Donnie Yen (born 27 July 1963), also known as Yen Ji-dan (甄子丹), is a Chinese-born Hong Kong actor, martial artist, movie director, producer and action choreographer. He is also a wushu world champion many times. He is best known for his role as Ip Man in the "Ip Man" (2008–2015) trilogy movies. He also appeared in "Shanghai Knights" (2003), "Flash Point" (2007) and "Rogue One" (2016). 

Yen was born in Guangzhou, Guangdong. When he was two years old, his family moved to Hong Kong. They later moved to Boston, Massachusetts, United States when he was 11. He has been married twice and has three children.

Hercules (2014 movie)

Hercules is an American 2014 action-adventure-fantasy film. Directed by Brett Ratner, it stars Dwayne Johnson, Ian McShane, Rufus Sewell and John Hurt and is based off the graphic novel "Hercules: The Thracian Wars". It was released on July 25, 2014 and was one of two movies released in 2014 which were about the mythical warrior, the other being The Legend of Hercules; unlike the former, this film gained mixed to positive critical reviews and was a box office success.
Hercules (Dwayne Johnson), is the leader of a gang of mercenaries, comprised of the prophet Amphariaus (Ian McShane), the thief Autylocus (Rufus Sewell), the barbarian Tydeus (Aksel Hennie), the huntress Atalanta (Ingrid Bolsø Berdal) and his nephew Iolaus (Reece Ritchie). Hercules is supposedly the lovechild of Zeus and a mortal woman who engaged in 12 legendary labors, but was betrayed by Hera, who induced him with madness, which caused him to kill his wife and children while he was visiting King Eurystheus (Joseph Fiennes). Despite Hercules' origins not being clearly established in the movie, he displays powerful godlike strength and unmatched skill in combat. However, he is frequently plagued by the memory of murdering his family and visions of the three-headed hellhound Cerberus.

After saving his nephew on the coast of Macedonia, Hercules celebrates with his team. As they drink in a tavern, the group are approached by Ergenia (Rebecca Ferguson), the daughter of Lord Cotys (John Hurt) who wants Hercules to train the Thracian armies to defend his kingdom from the warrior king Rhesus, to which the hero accepts. The band are welcomed to Thrace by Cotys and General Sitacles (Peter Mullan). However, Rhesus has reached the Bessi people Cotys insists that Hercules leads the army into battle to defend the tribe, despite their lack of training. However, they arrive too late as Rhesus has cursed the Bessi into turning against the Thracians.

Igor Volk

Igor Petrovich Volk (, ; 12 April 1937 – 3 January 2017) was a Soviet cosmonaut and test pilot. He was best known for his involvement as a research cosmonaut in the Soyuz T-12 in 1980. It was seventh manned spaceflight to the Soviet space station Salyut 7. He bomber pilot in the Soviet Air Force. He later joined the Moscow Aviation Institute in 1962. He had over 7000 flight hours logged in over 80 different aircraft. He had the rank of colonel in the Russian Air Force.

Volk was born in Zmiiv, Kharkiv Oblast, Ukrainian SSR. He was given many awards, most famously the Hero of the Soviet Union and the Order of Lenin titles. He was married and had two children.

Volk died on 3 January 2017 while on holiday in Plovdiv, Bulgaria. He was 79.

René Ballet

René Ballet (1928 – 2 January 2017) was a French journalist and author. He was a communist and a member of the French Communist Party. He started his career as a civil servant in Paris in 1961. He was first a civil servant in finance and later in national education. He was the writer of 14 novels and 35 essays. In 1978, he started working for the communist newspaper "L'Humanité".

Ballet was born in Saint-Étienne. He grew up in Grenoble. He joined the French Resistance during World War II. He lived in Vanves.

Ballet died on 2 January 2017 at the age of 88.

Wayne Westner

Wayne Brett Westner (28 September 1961 – 4 January 2017) was a South African golfer. He turned professional in 1982. He had a total of 13 wins in his career. He was best known for his 1993 Dubai Desert Classic win. He also won the World Cup of Golf in 1996 with Ernie Els. His career ended in 1998 because of injury. He was born in Johannesburg.

Westner was involved in a hostage event on 4 January 2017 at his home in Pennington, KwaZulu-Natal. He later committed suicide (killed himself) with a gunshot wound to his head at his home. He was 55.


Rigging

The rigging of a sailing ship is made up of the ropes and/or chains used to support the ship's masts, yards and sails. The standing rigging is used to support the masts. The running rigging supports the yards and sails. Some types of sailboats that have unsupported masts do not have any rigging. These include the junk rig and catboat rigs. Bermuda sloops with a single mast and one headsail use fairly simple rigging. Cutter-rigged ketches and schooners have the most complex rigging.

A sailing ship's standing rigging is made up of the ropes used to support the masts, yards and booms. Most modern sailing vessels use wire rope for the standing rigging. Modern standing rigging is regularly checked for tension using a special gauge. Adjusting the tension is done by use of a turnbuckle. Ropes, wires or rods that run fore-and-aft along the centerline which stabilize the masts or spars are called stays. Those that from the mast to the bow are called forestays. Those that run from the mast to the stern are called backstays.

The running rigging of a sailing vessel controls the sails. The running rigging is usually made up of various kinds of rope (ropes are also called lines). It uses blocks and Sheaves to adjust the length of the ropes. A block is a kind of pulley. A sheave is the grooved wheel inside the block. Larger sailing boats and ships use winches. The adjustability of the running rigging allows the boat to perform various maneuvers such as tacking and jibing. Common to all sailboats are the outhaul and the downhaul. The outhaul pulls the sail to the free end of the boom. The downhaul keeps the boom from rising on the mast. 


Djoser

Djoser (other names include Netjerikhet, Tosorthos, and Sesorthos) was the first Pharaoh, or king of the Third Dynasty of Egypt, c. 2670 BCE. He is known for the building of the first pyramid built in Egypt, the Step Pyramid at Saqqara. The Third Dynasty, based in Memphis, was the beginning of the Old Kingdom, a period of stability, achievement and unity.

There have been claims that he was not the first king, as the Abydos King List and the Turin King List give a king by the name of Sanakht. There is no archaeological evidence to support this, and most experts agree that Djoser was the first. He ruled for at least 20 years, but he had so many temples, tombs and monuments built that some experts say he may have ruled for up to 30 years.

There is a painted limestone statue of Djoser, which is the oldest discovered life sized Egyptian statue. It was found in Saqqara during archaeological digging in 1924-1925. The statue is now in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo.

The building of the Step Pyramid was quite an achievement. It is the first massive monument built in stone, about 62 meters in height. It is surrounded by a 10 meter high wall, which encloses an area of about 16 hectares. It shows that the kingdom must have been stable and wealthy to have spent so much time and money to build it. The man who designed it and supervised the building was Imhotep, the oldest named architect known to us. Thousands of years later, Djoser was known to Egyptians as the "opener of stone", recognising his legacy of using stone for buildings.

The Egyptians believed in a story of how Djoser was able to end a famine. There is no evidence from the time of his rule, but an engraved stone, a stele, was made 2000 years later giving the details. Even if the story is a legend, it does show that Djoser was remembered as a great pharaoh. Egypt had been suffering from a famine for seven years, when the god of the Nile, Khnum, spoke to Djoser in a dream. Djoser rebuilt Khnum's temple on Elephantine, an island near modern Aswan. This pleased the god, and the famine ended. The ruins of the temple are still visible today.

Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan

Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan (February 15, 1927 – January 4, 2017) was an Indian "sitar" player and composer. Khan was born in Madhya Pradesh, India. He won the national awards Padma Shri (1970) and Padma Bhushan (2006) and was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for 1987. He composed musical movie scores for "Goonj Uthi Shehnai" (1959), "Kohinoor" (1960) and "Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baaje" (1971).

Khan died on January 4, 2017 at his home in Mumbai, India from cardiac arrest, aged 89.

Sonny Perdue

George Ervin "Sonny" Perdue III (born December 20, 1946) is an American politician. He was the 31st United States Secretary of Agriculture from April 25, 2017 to January 20, 2021. He was the 81st Governor of Georgia from 2003 to 2011. In January 2003, he became the first Republican Governor of Georgia since Reconstruction. Perdue served on the Governors’ Council of the Bipartisan Policy Center in Washington, D.C..

On January 18, 2017, incoming U.S. President Donald Trump announced that he would nominate Perdue to be United States Secretary of Agriculture. His nomination was sent to the Senate on March 9, 2017. He was approved by the United States senate with a vote of 87-11 on April 24, 2017. He left office on January 20, 2021 when Joe Biden became president. In April 2022, he became the 14th Chancellor of the University System of Georgia.

Perdue was born in Perry, Georgia. He is the son of Ophie Viola (Holt), a teacher, and George Ervin Perdue Jr., a farmer. The Perdue family owned slaves in Georgia during the 19th century.

Perdue played quarterback at Warner Robins High School. He studied at the University of Georgia.

In 1971, Perdue earned his Doctor of Veterinary Medicine (DVM) from the University of Georgia College of Veterinary Medicine and worked as a veterinarian before becoming a small business owner, eventually starting three businesses.

Perdue served in the U.S. Air Force. He became a captain before leaving the military.

After working as a member of the Houston County Planning & Zoning Commission in the 1980s, Perdue ran for a seat in the Georgia General Assembly. He defeated Republican candidate Ned Sanders in 1990 and succeeded Democratic incumbent Ed Barker as the Senator representing the 18th district.

Perdue was elected in 1991, 1994, and 1996. He was his party's leader in the Senate, from 1994 to 1997 and president pro tempore.

Perdue changed party from Democrat to Republican in 1998 and was re-elected to the Senate as a Republican. He also won re-election in 2000.

In December 2001, Perdue resigned as State Senator so he could run for the office of Governor. He won the 2002 Georgia gubernatorial election, defeating Democratic incumbent Roy Barnes, 51% to 46%, with Libertarian candidate Garrett Michael Hayes taking 2% of the vote. He became the first Republican governor of Georgia in over 130 years since Benjamin F. Conley.

As governor, Perdue led reforms designed to cut waste in government, most notably the sale of surplus vehicles and real estate. He helped Georgia moved up from last place in the country in SAT scores. Although it returned to last place in 2005, Georgia rose to 49th place in 2006 in the combined math and reading mean score, including the writing portion added to the test that year. Perdue also created additional opportunities for charter schools and private schools. In 2006, Perdue signed a law that gave Georgia "some of the nation's toughest measures against illegal immigration".

In 2006, Perdue was re-elected to a second term in the 2006 Georgia gubernatorial election, winning nearly 58% of the vote. His Democratic opponent was Lieutenant Governor Mark Taylor. Libertarian Garrett Michael Hayes was also on the ballot.

On November 13, 2007, while Georgia suffered from one of the worst droughts in several decades, Perdue led a group of several hundred people in a prayer on the steps of the state Capitol. Perdue spoke to the crowd, saying "We’ve come together here simply for one reason and one reason only: To very reverently and respectfully pray up a storm" and "God, we need you; we need rain".

On January 2, 2017, it was reported that Perdue had become President-elect Donald Trump's leading contender for the nomination to be Secretary of Agriculture in his incoming administration. On January 18, 2017, senior Trump transition officials announced that Perdue would be his nominee Secretary of Agriculture.

The Senate committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry approved his nomination on March 30, with a 19-1 vote. Senator David Perdue (R-GA) abstained, as he is the nominee's first cousin.

Perdue is the second Secretary of Agriculture from the Deep South. The first was Mike Espy of Mississippi, who served under President Bill Clinton from January 1993 to December 1994.

On April 24, 2017, Perdue's nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate with a 87-11 vote. He was sworn-in by Supreme Court Associate Justice Clarence Thomas the next day.

Perdue was chosen Designated survivor for the 2018 State of the Union Address.

Perdue and his wife, Mary (nee Ruff), were married in 1972 after dating for four years. They have four children (Leigh, Lara, Jim, and Dan), fourteen grandchildren (six boys and eight girls), and have also been foster parents for many children. Perdue lives in Bonaire, Georgia.


Joe Manganiello

Joseph Michael "Joe" Manganiello ( ; ; born December 28, 1976) is an American actor, director, producer, author and philanthropist.

He played Flash Thompson in Sam Raimi's "Spider-Man" trilogy and had many recurring roles in television on "ER", "How I Met Your Mother", and "One Tree Hill", before landing his breakout role as werewolf Alcide Herveaux on the HBO television series "True Blood".

He played the supervillain Deathstroke in Zack Snyder's 2017 movie "Justice League". He appeared as Burke in the 2018 movie "Rampage".

Manganiello has appeared in movies such as "Magic Mike," "What to Expect When You're Expecting", and "Sabotage".

In late 2013, he became a published author when his first book, "Evolution", was released by Simon & Schuster's Gallery Books. He is active with several charities, including Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh of UPMC, and he serves on the committee of The Art of Elysium.

In 2015, he married Sofía Vergara after three months of dating. In July 2023, Manganiello and Vergara announced that they have separated and are planning to divorce after seven years of marriage. He lives in Los Angeles, California. 

Deathstroke

Deathstroke (Slade Joseph Wilson) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by Marv Wolfman and George Perez.

He is a mercenary and assassin who first appeared in "The New Teen Titans" (vol. 1) #2 (1980). "Wizard" magazine rated him the 24th greatest villain of all time. Also, in 2009, Deathstroke was ranked as IGN's 32nd greatest comic book villain of all time.

Originally the archenemy of the Teen Titans, writers have developed him over the years as a villain of other heroes in the DC Universe; parallels have been established between him and Batman, and he has a deep-seated grudge against Green Arrow. The character has been adapted from the comics into multiple forms of media, including several "Batman" related projects and the "Teen Titans" animated series.

Deathstroke later appeared on The CW's live action TV series "Arrow", where he is portrayed by Manu Bennett. Joe Manganiello has been cast as Deathstroke for the DC Extended Universe movie series.

Stoning

Stoning or lapidation is a form of capital punishment: a group of people throws stones at the convicted person, until this person dies. Today, it is mostly used in countries which follow sharia law. For example if someone does adultery according to the Qur'an, Bible, and Torah they will have to be stoned until they die from the stones.

Hypnic jerk

A hypnic jerk, hypnagogic jerk or sleep twitch sometimes happens when a person is falling asleep. It is an involuntary movement, that is, not done on purpose. It may cause them to jump and awaken suddenly for a moment. 

Hypnic jerks are one form of involuntary muscle twitches called "myoclonus". Such movements do occur in healthy people. They have been associated with causes such as irregular sleep patterns or stress. Certain substances such as caffeine may also cause them.

Mads Mikkelsen

Mads Dittmann Mikkelsen (born 22 November 1965) is a Danish actor. He is best known for his roles in the movies "King Arthur" (2004), "Casino Royale" (2006), "Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky" (2009), "The Hunt" (2012) and "Doctor Strange" and "Rogue One" (both 2016). He also played Hannibal Lecter in the NBC television series "Hannibal" (2013–15).

Mikkelsen was born in Østerbro, Copenhagen. His older brother, Lars, is also an actor. He married Hanne Jacobsen in 2000. The couple have two children.


Jiang Wen

Jiang Wen (born 5 January 1963) is a Chinese movie actor, screenwriter and director. He directed and starred in the movies "In the Heat of the Sun" (1994), "Devils on the Doorstep" (2000), "Let the Bullets Fly" (2010) and "Gone with the Bullets" (2014). He also directed a segment of the movie "New York, I Love You" (2008). In 2016, he starred as Baze Malbus in the "Star Wars" anthology movie "Rogue One".

Jiang was born in Tangshan, Hebei. He moved to Beijing when he was ten. He has been married twice and has three children.

Dick Latessa

Richard Robert "Dick" Latessa (September 15, 1929 – December 19, 2016) was an American stage, movie, and television actor. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He was known for his stage role as Wilbur in the musical "Hairspray". In 2003, he won a Tony Award and Drama Desk Award in 2003.

Latessa died of heart failure in Manhattan, New York City, New York on December 19, 2016, aged 87.


Sharpeville massacre

The Sharpeville massacre was when a crowd of between 5,000 and 7,000 black people protested at the police station in Sharpeville, South Africa on March 21, 1960. The police started shooting into the crowd. A total of 69 people were killed including 8 women and 10 children, and 180 people were injured, including 31 women and 19 children. In South Africa today, this day is a public holiday in honor of human rights against racism.

The demonstration was to protest against pass laws out of apartheid. The crowd went to the police station demanding to be arrested for not carrying their passes. At some point the South African Police started shooting. People have different explanations to what the crowd was doing. Some say that the crowd was peaceful. Others say that the crowd were throwing stones at the police. The shooting started when the crowd started going toward the fence around the police station. Some say this was what led Nelson Mandela to engaging in more violent protests.

Tullio De Mauro

Tullio De Mauro (31 March 1932 – 5 January 2017) was an Italian linguist and politician. He was the Italian Minister of Education from 2000 to 2001, under Prime Minister Giuliano Amato (2nd government). He was also a professor of general linguistics at the Faculty of Humanities of the University of Rome. He was born in Torre Annunziata, Campania.

De Mauro died on 5 January 2017 in Rome at the age of 84.

Kafr Bara

Kafr Bara or Kfar Bara (; ) is an Israeli-Arab local council in Israel's Central District. It is a small town located near the Green Line. The town is a part of the Little Triangle with Kafr Qasim and Jaljulia. In , people lived there.

According to the latest statistics, the population of Kafr bara is Arab Muslims.

The town has a community center and retirement center. It also has three mosques, a public library, a post office, two clinics and a football playground. There is 2 schools in Kafr Bara; Omar Bin Khattab primary school and , the Comprehensive Secondary School of Kafr Bara.

Snowy owl

The snowy owl ("Bubo scandiacus") is an owl native to the Arctic regions of North America and Eurasia. They hunt rodents. Lemmings are a favourite prey. They will also hunt fish and small mammals. The male's mating call sounds like "krek-krek", while the female's mating call sounds like "pyee-pyee" or "prek-prek".

In the novel "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" (USA edition: "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone"), Harry is assigned a female snowy owl as his animal companion. Her name is Hedwig.

Poyang Lake

Poyang Lake is the largest freshwater lake in China. It is in the Jiangxi Province. Poyang is fed by the Gan, Xin, and Xiu rivers. They connect to the Yangtze through a channel.

Lake Poyang has always shrunk in the dry season and expanded in the wet season. It reached its greatest size during the Tang Dynasty, when its area reached . It is now around . Lake Pohang became much smaller because of the Three Gorges Dam on the Yangtze River.

Nanuqsaurus

Nanuqsaurus ('meaning polar bear lizard') is a genus of theropod dinosaur. It is only known from one specimen, DMNH 21461, a partial skull roof found in Alaska. This dinosaur may grown to about 6 m (~20 ft) long, half the size of "Tyrannosaurus".

The skull would have been about 50 cm (1.65 ft) when complete.

Madoc (poem)

Madoc is a long poem by Robert Southey. The author is famous as the third of the Lake Poets. "Madoc" is an epic poem. It was first published in 1805. The poet worked on the poem for ten years. It tells about legendary Welsh prince Madog, ab Owain Gwynedd. He lived in 12th century. According to the legend, he explored America long before Christopher Columbus. The poem is divided into two parts. The first is named "Madoc in Wales" while the second "Madoc in Aztlan". The poem is written in Blank verse that is in unrhymed iambic pentameter.

<poem>
"Fair blows the wind, the vessel drives along,"
"Her streamers fluttering at their length, her sails"
"All full, she drives along, and round her prow"
"Scatters the ocean spray. What feelings then"
"Filled every bosom, when the mariners,"
"After the peril of that weary way,"
"Beheld their own dear country ! Here stands one,"
"Stretching his sight toward the distant shore,"
"And, as to well known forms his busy joy"
"Shapes the dim outline, eagerly he points"
"The fancied headland and the cape and bay,"
"Till his eyes ache, o'erstraining."
</poem>

The poem was reviewed in "The Poetical Register, and Repository of Fugitive Poetry".

Irish poet Paul Muldoon named his book "Madoc: A Mystery" (1990) after Robert Southey's poem.



Arrondissements of the Bouches-du-Rhône department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Bouches-du-Rhône department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Bouches-du-Rhône are:

Bouches-du-Rhône is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on 4 March 1790. It was divided in six districts: Tarascon, Apt, Aix, Marseille, Salon and Arles, with Aix as is capital.

In 1800, with the creation of the "arrondissements" in France, the six districts were changed into three "arrondissements": Marseille, Aix and Tarascon. The prefecture was moved from Aix to Marseille.

In 1817, the subprefecture of Tarascon was moved to Arles. The "arrondissement" of Istres was created in 1981.


Arrondissement of Aix-en-Provence

The arrondissement of Aix-en-Provence is an arrondissement of France, in the Bouches-du-Rhône department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Aix-en-Provence.

When the Bouches-du-Rhône department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Aix-en-Provence was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Aix-en-Provence is in the northeast of the Bouches-du-Rhône department. It is bordered to the north by the Vaucluse department, to the east by the Var department, to the southeast by the Marseille "arrondissement", to the southwest by the Istres "arrondissement" and to the northwest by the Arles "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Aix-en-Provence is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department both in area, , and population (429,436 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 9 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Aix-en-Provence and 5 of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Aix-en-Provence has 44 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Arles

The arrondissement of Arles is an arrondissement of France, in the Bouches-du-Rhône department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Arles.

When the Bouches-du-Rhône department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Arles was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Arles is in the west of the Bouches-du-Rhône department. It is bordered to the north by the Vaucluse department, to the northeast by the Aix-en-Provence "arrondissement", to the southeast by the Istres "arrondissement", to the south by the Mediterranean Sea and to the west by the Gard department.

The "arrondissement" of Arles is the largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, but the one with fewest people living in it, with a population of 205,529 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 4 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Arles and 2 of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":

The "arrondissement" of Arles has 36 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Istres

The arrondissement of Istres is an arrondissement of France, in the Bouches-du-Rhône department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Istres.

The "arrondissement" of Istres was created in 1981.

The "arrondissement" of Istres is in the south of the Bouches-du-Rhône department. It is bordered to the north and east by the Aix-en-Provence "arrondissement", to the south by the Mediterranean Sea and to the west by the Arles "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Istres is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department in area, ; it has a population of 312,489 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 6 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Istres and 3 of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":

The "arrondissement" of Istres has 18 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Nata de coco

Nata de coco (also called coconut gel) is a chewy, translucent, jelly-like food produced by the fermentation of coconut water, which gels through the production of microbial cellulose by "Acetobacter xylinum". Originating in the Philippines, "nata de coco" is most commonly sweetened as a candy or dessert, and can accompany a variety of foods, including pickles, drinks, ice cream, puddings, and fruit mixes.

Arrondissement of Marseille

The arrondissement of Marseille is an arrondissement of France, in the Bouches-du-Rhône department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital, and the prefecture of the department, is the city of Marseille.

When the Bouches-du-Rhône department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Marseille was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Marseille is in the southeast of the Bouches-du-Rhône department. It is bordered to the north and west by the Aix-en-Provence "arrondissement", to the east by the Var department and to the south by the Mediterranean Sea.

The "arrondissement" of Marseille is the second smallest "arrondissement" in area of the department but the one with more people living in it. It has an area of and a population of 1,058,615 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 15 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Marseille and all of them have all their "communes' in the "arrondissement:

The "arrondissement" of Marseille has 37 "communes", including 16 subdivisions ("municipal arrondissements") of the city of Marseille; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Carl Johnson

Carl "CJ" Johnson is the main playable character of . The game's main storyline begins with Carl returning to Los Santos following the tragic demise of his mother.

CJ is a member of the Grove Street Families, a street gang located in Los Santos.

Prior to events in "San Andreas", CJ causes the accidental death of his brother. Eventually he decides to leave his gang life behind by moving to "Liberty City", where he commences to work with Joey Leone in the car theft business.

He is voiced by rapper Young Maylay.

Nisha Ayub

Nisha Ayub is a transgender rights activist from Malaysia. She started the SEED Foundation to help transgender people and Justice for Sisters for legal help. In 2016, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

When Nisha was 21 years old, she was sentenced to prison under Sharia law (Islamic law) for wearing women's clothing. When she got out of prison, she started working for the rights of transgender people in Malaysia. 



Jeremy Stone

Jeremy J. Stone (November 23, 1935 – January 1, 2017) was an American nuclear arms-control activist. He served as president of the Federation of American Scientists from 1970 to 2000. It led initiatives in arms control, human rights, and foreign policy. He retied inn 2000. Stone continued his work at a new organization called Catalytic Diplomacy.

Stone was born in New York City, New York. He studied at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and at Swarthmore College. Stone died in Carlsbad, California on January 1, 2017 from complications of prostate cancer, aged 81.


Willie Evans

Willie R. Evans (December 1, 1937 – January 4, 2017) was an American football player. He was the running back for the University at Buffalo football team in the late 1950s. He was born in Buffalo, New York. After his football career, Evans taught in Buffalo area schools for more than 30 years.

Evans died on January 4, 2017 in Buffalo, New York, aged 79.

Jordi Pagans i Monsalvatje

Jordi Pagans i Monsalvatje (18 April 1932 – 4 January 2017) was a Spanish painter. He was born in Barcelona, Spain. He was known for his traditional figurative and realistic paintings and drawings of the landscape of Cadaqués and Barcelona. His career began in 1948. He retired in 2014.

Pagans died in Barcelona, Spain from congestive heart failure on 4 January 2017, aged 84.


Christopher Weeramantry

Christopher Gregory Weeramantry, AM (November 17, 1926 – January 5, 2017) was a Sri Lankan lawyer. He was a Judge of the International Court of Justice (ICJ) from 1991 to 2000. He was the ICJ's Vice-President from 1997 to 2000. 

Weeramantry was born in Colombo, Sri Lanka. He studied at Royal College Colombo, at King's College London, and at the University of Ceylon.

Weeramantry was a Judge of the Supreme Court of Sri Lanka from 1967 to 1972. He was also an Emeritus Professor at Monash University and the President of the International Association of Lawyers against Nuclear Arms.

Weeramantry died in Colombo, Sri Lanka of natural causes on January 5, 2017, aged 90.


Om Puri

Om Prakesh Puri (18 October 1950 – 6 January 2017) was an Indian actor. He has appeared in mainstream commercial Pakistani, Indian, British, and Hollywood movies. He was also in independent and art movies. 

Puri was known for his roles in "Gandhi" (1982), "Ardh Satya" (1983), "City of Joy" (1992), "Wolf" (1994), "East Is East" (1999) and in "The Hundred-Foot Journey" (2014). His career began in 1972. He also narrated the widely known Indian nature documentary "Bharat Ek Khoj" (1988).

He has been awarded Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award of India. He won two National Film Awards in 1981 and in 1983. He was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role in 1999 for his role as George Khan in "East Is East". 

Puri was born in Ambala, Haryana, India. He studied at the Film and Television Institute of India and in the National School of Drama. He was married to Nandita Puri from 1993 until they divorced in 2013. 

Puri died in his sleep of a heart attack at his home in Andheri, Mumbai, India on 6 January 2017, aged 66.

Jill Saward

Jill Saward (14 January 1965 – 5 January 2017) was an English campaigner on issues relating to sexual violence. She was born in Liverpool. Saward was the victim of the 1986 Ealing vicarage rape, a crime whose sentencing scandalized the UK and led indirectly to changes in the law.

In 2009, she campaigned against a European Court of Justice ruling that DNA of people cleared of crimes must be deleted from the DNA Database after six years, or 12 years for serious crimes.

Saward stood against David Davis in the 2008 Haltemprice and Howden by-election in 2008. She lost the election after winning only 2.1% of the votes.

Saward died on 5 January 2017 in Wolverhampton from a cerebral hemorrhage, aged 51.

Smurfs: The Lost Village

Smurfs: The Lost Village is a 2017 American 3D computer-animated adventure-comedy movie. It is directed by Kelly Asbury. It is based on The Smurfs comic book series. It premiered on April 7, 2017.


Smurfette finds a creature in the Forbidden Forest who leaves a mysterious map. With Brainy, Clumsy and Hefty she goes on a mission to find the lost village.

It is set for release on August 5, 2016, and is previously set for release on May 20, 2016.

Penelope Wilton

Dame Penelope Alice Wilton (born 3 June 1946) is a British actress. On television, she is best known for her roles in "Ever Decreasing Circles" (1984–1989) and "Downton Abbey". She appeared in the TV film "Half Broken Things" in 2007. She also played the recurring role of Harriet Jones in "Doctor Who" (2005–08).

Wilton's movie appearances include "Clockwise" (1986), "Cry Freedom" (1987), "Shaun of the Dead" (2004), "Match Point" (2005), "Pride & Prejudice" (2005), "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" (2011) and "The BFG" (2016).

Wilton was born in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England. She has been married twice. She has a daughter, Alice (born 1977), with actor Daniel Massey.

Mighty Magiswords (International TV Series)

Mighty Magiswords is a French-German-Italian animation series produced by Alphanim and Nickelodeon Productions, and distributed by Nelvana, Discovery Kids and Globosat.

The series deals with the two light warriors, Prohyas and Vambre, with their dragon pet Gulp, go on adventures with their magiswords and the powerful imagination of the twins who was carefree and stayed with him. With Gulp, an anthropomorphic dragon that is the pet of Prohyas and Vambre.

In May 2005, the series was first broadcast in Jetix Germany and Nickelodeon Germany on the German worlds, and then was devoted to another in Jetix France, Jetix Italy, Nickelodeon Italy and Nickelodeon France.

In July 2006, the series was broadcast on Nickelodeon Latin America until 2009. In 2007, it was aired on Jetix Latin America through 2008 through the Jetix Original series. The series introduces the producer before inviting Jetix Animation Concepts, a 2006-2009 company that was produced by Yin Yang Yo, Get Ed and Super Robot Monkey Team Hyperforce Go.

During episodes, the series has three seasons and episodes with five episodes each season.

'Robin's Tales' " was the end of an hour of the series issued on May 1, 2009, and its sequel " Robin's Halloween Debuts " was the other end of an hour of the series was issued on 4 September 2010. His two last episodes are characterized first, Steven and the Titans with the Army Robin has discovered stealing his evil man, and in the second and final adventure continues with a special Halloween during the October season , Everyone has halloween, and then Steven and Connie love and have to leave the adventures through the final door during the Halloween extremes.

During the last five years, to his farewell messages

"Powerful Magistrates, 2005-2010"

After five years, Alphanim cancelled new seasons and new five episodes during the total of 5x5 episodes. When Jetix replaced by Disney XD, Disney XD eliminated the series, and Disney XD was emitted the series currently in Europe.



Decoration of Honour for Services to the Republic of Austria

The Decoration of Honour for Services to the Republic of Austria is a national honour awarded by the Republic of Austria. It is a visible honour. It is also called the Order of Merit of the Austrian Republic.

The Order has 15 levels. It is Austria's highest honour.

Below is a list with names of all Grand Star recipients and other notable recipients. It is in order of date.




¡Mucha Lucha!: Gigante

¡Mucha Lucha!: Gigante, formerly known as simply ¡Mucha Lucha!, is an animated Educational Television series co-produced by Nelvana Medialab Studio LA and AGOGO Entertainment (S3) and In Co-production With France 3 (S1-2) Canal J and TiJi (S2-3) 

Rikochet, Buena Girl and the Flea must rescue Blue Demon Jr. from a group of vampires who'll be at large during the solar eclipse.




Mint (money)

A mint is an industrial facility which makes coins that can be used in currency.

In coin collecting, the term ""mint condition"" means the coin has never been used ("in circulation"), just like it came out of the mint where it was made.

The earliest metallic money did not consist of coins, but of unminted metal in the form of rings and other ornaments or of weapons. These were used for thousands of years by the Egyptian, Chaldean and Assyrian empires.

The first mint was perhaps in Lydia in the 7th century BC, for coining gold, silver and electrum. The Lydian innovation spread to neighboring Greece, where several city-states operated their own mints. Some of the earliest Greek mints were in city-states on Greek islands such as Crete. A mint existed at the ancient city of Cydonia on Crete at least as early as the fifth century BC.

Vlissingen

Vlissingen, Zeelandic: "Vlissienge", English: "Flushing", is a city, municipality and seaport in the province of Zeeland, the Netherlands.

The city has about 33,000 people. The municipality has about 44,000 (2016). It has been an important harbor for centuries. Most of the Royal Netherlands Navy ships are built in Vlissingen.


BOAC Flight 911

British Overseas Airways Corporation Flight 911, was a Boeing 707 that was flying from San Francisco to Hong Kong, with stopovers at, Honolulu, Fukuoka, and Tokyo. On the 5th of March, 1966 the aircraft broke up in mid-air and crashed into Mount Fuji due to faulty maintenance to the vertical stabiliser. All 113 passengers and 11 crew members on board the plane were killed, in the 6th worst aviation accident on Japanese soil.

Jerusalem Delivered

Jerusalem Delivered ( ) is an epic poem by the Italian poet Torquato Tasso, first published in 1581. It tells a largely fictional version of the First Crusade in which Christian knights, led by Godfrey of Bouillon, battle Muslims in order to take Jerusalem. The poem is composed of eight-line stanzas grouped into 20 cantos of varying length.

The work belongs to the Italian Renaissance tradition of the romantic epic poem. The poet frequently borrows plot elements and character types directly from "Orlando furioso" ("The Frenzy of Roland"), written in 1516 by Ludovico Aristo (1474-1533). Tasso's poem also has elements inspired by the classical epics of Homer and Virgil, especially in those sections of their works that tell of sieges and warfare. One of the most typical literary devices in Tasso's poem is the emotional conflict suffered by characters torn between their heart and their duty; the depiction of love at odds with martial courage or honor is a central source of lyrical passion in the poem.

Goffred albo Jeruzalem wyzwolona is a Polish translation of Torquato Tasso's "Gerusalemme liberata" ("Jerusalem Delivered") (by Piotr Kochanowski. It was first printed in Cracow (Kraków) in 1618.

In the 16th century Polish literature flourished. One thing, however, lacked. There was no long epic poem in Poland. Jan Kochanowski, the greatest poet of the Renaissance in Kingdom of Poland, wrote many lyrical pieces and some stories in verse. His nephew, Piotr Kochanowski was the first poet to give an epic poem to the Poles. He did not write a poem on his own. He translated two epic masterpieces from the Italian. They were "Jerusalem Delivered" by Torquato Tasso and "Orlando Furioso" by Ludovico Ariosto.

The historical importance of Piotr Kochanowski's translation lies in its form. The poet used exactly the same form, ottava rima. It is an Italian strophe of eight lines. It is built of 11-syllable lines (endecasillabo in Italian). It rhymes abababcc. The strophe was used by Italian poets from 14th century. There are many long poems in ottava rima in Italian literature of 15th and 16th centuries. There were not any in Polish literature of the time. Piotr Kochanowski introduced the strophe into Polish poetry. There was another poet, Sebastian Grabowiecki, who used it earlier in Poland. He dit it, however, in one short poem. Into English poetry ottava rima was introduced many years before by Thomas Wyatt. In 17th century ottava rima became one of the most important verse forms in Poland.

Piotr Kochanowski's version of "Jerusalem Delivered" is still widely read. There are many new editions. His translation is used at school.


Bermuda rig

A Bermuda rig, also called a Marconi rig, is a fore-and-aft rig that uses a triangular mainsail. The sail is usually attached to a boom at its foot. It has a number of variations. Due to the physics of the wind, the tall thin sails of the Bermudian rigs have more power sailing into the wind than other types. This is why it is such a popular rig with modern sailboats. It was called a Marconi rig after the inventor Guglielmo Marconi because its system of mast stays that looked like the early wireless masts. However, the name Bermuda rig was in use two centuries earlier. It came from the late 1600s when European sailors noticed how well the small sloops in Bermuda worked.

It was developed in Bermuda in the 17th century. It was based on the leg-of-mutton sail. The strong gusty winds around the Bermuda islands made sailing around the waters difficult to navigate. The prevailing winds came out of the west which lined up with the islands. In addition, the number of reefs around the islands required caution. Most other sail designs did not address these issues.

It is widely thought the first of these designs was a fore-and-aft rig built by in the 17th century by a Dutch-born Bermudan. While his name is not remembered, he may have seen the Moorish lateen rigs that were widely used during the time Spain ruled Holland. The Dutch modified early lateen rigs turning the yards into angled masts. This design was called "bezaanjacht" in Dutch (in English this meant "leg of mutton"). By the 19th century the design had evolved into using tall triangular sails and jibs. They also used Bermuda cedar for the hulls which is much lighter than oak. This made the Bermuda sailboats very fast and easily maneuverable. They could travel into the wind with ease and were especially fast when heading downwind. Very soon they were being raced.

The name Marconi rig came from the 1899 America's Cup yacht race held in New York City. Guglielmo Marconi demonstrated his new wireless radio by reporting on the race. The masts of the Bermudan rigged vessels with their supporting cables looked like the wireless mast of Marconi's radio. This is how they came to be named Marconi rigs.

Agricultural fencing

Agricultural fencing is a type of fence that is often used in agriculture. Fencing is often used to help control livestock on farms. The fence can make sure they do not leave the farm. On farms that grow produce, fencing can be used to keep out wildlife that may eat or damage the crops.

Robotics

Robotics is a part of engineering and science. It is the work of creating and building robots. It is interdisciplinary, involving people who have studied mechanical engineering, electrical engineering or computer programming. It also needs people who understand the work of the robot. As an example, geologists need to be involved in making a robot that will take soil samples on another planet.

Robots are sometimes used to do things that humans cannot, like finding and destroying bombs, or going places that are too hot, small, dangerous or distant for humans. Some robots look like humans, but most just look like machines. Some robots can move by themselves, others need to be partly or completely controlled by a human.

Robotics comes from the word robot, which in turn comes from the Slavic word "robota". "Robota" means labor, or work. Karel Čapek invented the word "robot" to use in a play. This play was called "R.U.R. (Rossum's Universal Robots)". The word "robotics" was first used by Isaac Asimov in his story "Liar!" published in 1941.

Outsourcing

Outsourcing is a term from economics. Sometimes a company decides to change its structure, in such a way, that it no longer performs certain tasks which are not its core business. Instead, the company hires or collaborates with other companies which can then perform these functions.

Any business or company can hand over a part of their process or specific services to be handled by a third party. According to The Deloitte Global Outsourcing Survey 2018, among the industries that refer to outsourcing are technology and media, financial services, consumer and energy, followed by government and public services and life sciences and healthcare.

Among the industries that generate the most revenue are information technology outsourcing and business processes, that includes financial outsourcing and consumer. 
Global outsourcing industry revenue from 2010 to 2018, by service type 

There are many reasons why a company uses outsourcing, including:

Most of the processes in the company can be outsourced in parts or in general. However, depending on the location of the ultimate executor, level of their involvement and amount of services they render, there are following types of outsourcing:

If a company requires specific services and don't want or cannot afford to hire a dedicated specialist within the company, they can outsource such services. Among commonly outsourced professional services are accounting, legal services, IT, call center support, etc. This allows a company to be more flexible and manage their expenses rationally. 

One of the most commonly outsourced professional service, information technology (IT) represents the wide range of services. Companies can outsource research and prototype development, development of software, maintenance, and support. Such contracts allow reducing the costs as contractors can be hired for the period required.

If a company has both internal and external experts working on the same task, such form of outsourcing will be called multisourcing. It involves a distributed team that can be working in two or more locations all over the world. Unlike other types of outsourcing, this one is focused on the result and is often based on the ‘partners’ approach rather than ‘client/worker’ model.

Numerous enterprises refer to the outsourcing of their manufacturing if it allows reducing the cost and decreasing the prime cost of an item produced. Among other reasons for manufacturer outsourcing can be a lack of expertise, time/cost efficiency and a shortage of human resources. 
BPO
Unlike professional outsourcing when the whole exercise is transferred to a third-party, this type of outsourcing focuses on a specific process. The primary reason for business process outsourcing is a knowledge gap that is too expensive to close. A typical example of business process outsourcing would ba machinery maintenance (typically outsourced to a company that provided it).

Unlike business process outsourcing, process specific knowledge focuses on outsourcing of an action that another company can do faster or cheaper, which allows business to reduces the costs or improve clients’ experience. This form would request a third party to perform actions according to the contract (for example, delivery services have estimate dates/time, conditions of the delivered goods, etc.)

Globalization and expansion of international business cooperation have triggered offshore outsourcing, making companies choose the providers of services or goods from countries far from their location. Not only does it help reduce the costs, but also opens the business to new markets and experts from other parts of the globe. Common offshore destinations are China and India (manufacturing), Eastern Europe (Ukraine, Romania, Poland for IT).

The reversed process of bringing manufacturing or development back to the country is called reshoring. Such a decision can be justified if the costs of long-distance shipment, customs, and all the subsequent expenses overweight the benefits of offshoring.

If the company can transfer part of its manufacturing or services to the country nearby (common border or close proximity) and final destination has a similar business approach and legislation, then this form of outsourcing, is called nearshoring. One of the examples of nearshoring is cooperation between Scandinavian manufacturers and Baltic countries.

Time in Armenia

Armenia Time (AMT) is the standard time that is used in Armenia. It is 4 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (UTC+4). During its DST period, it used Armenia Summer Time (AMST) which was 5 hours ahead of UTC (UTC+5). The time zone was discounted in 2012.

SilkAir Flight 185

On December 19, 1997 a SilkAir Boeing 737-300 operated as SilkAir Flight 185 was a flight from Jakarta to Singapore with 97 passengers and 7 crew members on-board, which crashed into the Musi River for unknown reasons killing all 104 people on-board.

The cause of the crash remains disputed for the National Transportation Safety Committee, but the National Transportation Safety Board concludes the crash as a pilot suicide by the captain. But the Los Angeles Court thinks that the cause of the crash was a rudder malfunction.

SilkAir issued a press release on 19 December 1997 with a passenger count by nationality, and another the following day with crew details and a complete passenger manifest.

James Adomian

James Adomian (born January 31, 1980) is an American stand-up comedian, writer and actor.




Grass jelly

Grass jelly, or leaf jelly, is a jelly-like dessert eaten in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Southeast Asia and Taiwan. It is made using the "Platostoma palustre" plant (a member of the mint family). It has a mild, slightly bitter taste. It is served chilled, with other toppings such as fruit, or in bubble tea or other drinks. Outside of Asia, it is sold in Asian supermarkets.

Sago

Sago is a starch that comes from the spongy centre of tropical palm stems. In many cases, it comes from "Metroxylon sagu". It is a major staple food for many people living in New Guinea and the Moluccas. It is called "saksak", "rabia," and "sagu" in those areas. 

The largest suppliers are usually in Southeast Asia, particularly Indonesia and Malaysia. Big quantities of sago are often sent to Europe and North America for cooking purposes. 

It is traditionally cooked and eaten in various forms. It can be rolled into balls by boiling it in hot water. It forms a glue-like paste (papeda), or as a pancake. 

Sago is often sold in the form of "pearls". These small rounded starch become gelatinized by heating. Sago pearls can be boiled with water or milk and sugar to make a sweet sago pudding. Sago pearls look similar to other pearled starches like pearls made out of cassava starch (tapioca) and potato starch. They may be used interchangeably in some dishes or snacks. 

Tapioca

Tapioca () is a starch extracted from cassava root ("Manihot esculenta"). This species is native to the North Region of Brazil, but spread throughout the South American continent. The plant was carried by Portuguese and Spanish explorers to most of the West Indies, and continents of Africa and Asia, including the Philippines and Taiwan. It is now cultivated worldwide.

Tapioca starch has been used to make some foods, such as pão de queijo.

Konjac

Konjac ( ; Amorphophallus konjac; syn. "A. rivieri"; Japanese: 蒟蒻/菎蒻; こんにゃく; konnyaku; ; gonyak; ), also known as konjak, konjaku, konnyaku potato, devil's tongue, voodoo lily, snake palm, or elephant yam (though this name is also used for "A. paeoniifolius"), is a plant of the genus "Amorphophallus". 

Iveta Mukuchyan

Iveta Mukuchyan () is an Armenian-German singer-songwriter, model and actress. She was born in Yerevan, Armenia. She moved to Hamburg, Germany in 1992. In 2009, Mukuchyan returned to Armenia. She competed in the "Hay Superstar" content where she finished fifth. In 2010, Mukuchyan received the "Discovery of the Year" award at the Armenia Awards in Moscow, Russia. In 2012, she took part in The Voice of Germany. She was also named as "Sexiest Armenian".

In May 2016, Mukuchyan represented her country at the Eurovision Song Contest 2016. She sang the song "LoveWave" and finished in the top 10. In the same year, she was also in the cast of the movie "Run Away Or Get Married".

Iveta Mukuchyan was born in Yerevan, Armenia on 14 October 1986. Her family moved to Germany in 1992. She returned to Armenia in 2009 where she studied jazz-vocal at the Komitas State Conservatory of Yerevan.

Source: 


Leg-of-mutton sail

A leg-of-mutton sail (LOM) is a simple triangular sail set on a long spar mounted horizontally on the mast. It runs in a fore-and-aft direction. The leg-of-mutton uses a spar mounted high instead of a boom. This gives the helmsman more visibility and there is no boom hit his or her head on. It is a favorite type of sail for small boats. These include puddle ducks and canoes. A LOM is very similar to a spritsail. But instead of being square or having four corners, the LOM has three. Instead of the spar being mounted diagonally, as with the spritsail, it is mounted horizontally.


Medical laboratory

A medical laboratory or clinical laboratory is a laboratory where tests are usually done on laboratory specimens. This is to get information about the health of a patient. Labs perform tests on tissue, blood and other body fluids. Medical labs analyze data in five major categories. These are chemistry, immunology, hematology, microbiology and transfusion medicine.

Central Africa Time

Central Africa Time (CAT) also known as South Africa Standard Time (SAST) in South Africa, is a time zone in Africa that is 2 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (UTC+2). It is the same time as Eastern European Time (EET) during winter, and Central European Summer Time (CEST) during summer. This time zone does not observe daylight saving time, because it is near the equator.

This time zone is used in:

Lelio Lagorio

Lelio Lagorio (9 November 1925 – 7 January 2017) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Italian Socialist Party (Partito Socialista Italiano, PSI). He served as the first President of Tuscany from 1970 until 1978. Before that, he was mayor of Florence from 1964 to 1965. He was born in Trieste.

Lagorio died on 7 January 2017 in Florence. He was 91.

Buckingham Canal

The Buckingham Canal is a canal in India. It runs from Kakinada city in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh to cuddalore district of Tamil Nadu. It is a freshwater navigational canal. It runs parallel to the Coromandel Coast. The canal connects natural backwater areas along the coast to the Chennai port. 

Buckingham Canal was built by the British during their rule in India. It was first constructed in 1806 from Chennai North to present Ennore. Later it was extended up to the Pulicat Lake, about north of Chennai. In 1837 it was extended about from north of Chennai to Vijayawada and south of Chennai to pondicherry to cuddalore to Parangipettai.

Kosasthalaiyar River

The Kosasthalaiyar River is one of the three rivers flowing in the Chennai Metropolitan area. It is a long river that starts near Pallipattu, Thiruvallur District. Its northern tributary, the Nagari River, starts in Chitoor district, Andhra Pradesh. It joins the main river in the Poondi Resorvoir. It pass over the pulicat lake

Kosasthalaiyar River catchment area spreads in Vellore, Chitoor, North Arcot, Thiruvallur and Chennai districts. The discharge capacity of the river is 110000m/sec. The flood discharge capacity is about 125000m/sec.

Vattaparai Falls

Vattaparai Falls is a waterfall in the district of Kanyakumari in Tamil Nadu. It is high. It is in the forest region of Keeriparai, which is also known as Keerparai reserve forest near Bhoodhapandi village on the Pazhayar River.
There is a Kali temple near the waterfalls. But this has been in a underdeveloped area, only a single tea shop can be seen near.This stream is pollution free and people were allowed to bathe here.

Agaya Gangai

Agaya Gangai is a waterfall in Tamil Nadu. It is in the Kolli Hills of the Eastern Ghats. The name means that the waterfall is "The Ganges of the Sky". 

Agaya Gangai Waterfall starts near the Arapalleswarar Temple in Namakkal district of Tamil Nadu. The 300ft waterfall joins Aiyaru river. It is in a valley that is surrounded by mountains on all sides. 

The caves of Korakka Siddhar and Kalaanginatha Siddhar are in the nearby forest.

Tilikum (orca)

Tilikum ( – January 6, 2017), nicknamed Tilly, was an orca, or killer whale. He was notable for his role in the deaths of three humans, including two trainers. The first death, in 1991, was a trainer at the Sealand of the Pacific in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada. In 1992, he was moved to SeaWorld in Orlando, Florida, United States. In 1999, Tilikum killed a trespasser in his inclosure. In 2010, Tilikum killed trainer Dawn Brancheau. This would lead to the documentary movie "Blackfish" being based on Tilikum.

Born in 1981, Tilikum was captured in 1983 at Hafnarfjörður, near Reykjavík, Iceland.

Tilikum died on January 6, 2017 at SeaWorld Orlando of a bacterial infection, aged 35.

James Mancham

Sir James Richard Marie Mancham (11 August 1939 – 8 January 2017) was a Seychellois politician. He was the first President of Seychelles from 1976 to 1977. He was born in Victoria. He was also Prime Minister of Seychelles from 1975 to 1976.

Mancham died from a possible stroke on 8 January 2017 at his home in Glacis. He was 77.

Nat Hentoff

Nathan Irving "Nat" Hentoff (June 10, 1925 – January 7, 2017) was an American historian, novelist, jazz and country music critic, and syndicated columnist for United Media.

Hentoff was the jazz critic for "The Village Voice" from 1958 to 2009. Following his retirement from "The Village Voice", Hentoff moved his music column to "The Wall Street Journal", who published his work until his death.

Hentoff was formerly a columnist for "Down Beat", "JazzTimes", "Legal Times", "The Washington Post", "The Washington Times", "The Progressive", "Editor & Publisher" and "Free Inquiry". He was a staff writer for "The New Yorker", and his writing has also been published in "The New York Times", "Jewish World Review", "The Atlantic", "The New Republic", "Commonweal" and in the Italian "Enciclopedia dello Spettacolo".

Hentoff died of natural causes in his Manhattan apartment on January 7, 2017, aged 91.


Shameless (U.S. TV series)

Shameless is an American comedy-drama television series which airs on Showtime. This remake of the British series is set in Chicago, although filmed in Los Angeles, with the exterior scenes shot in Chicago.

The series is about a dysfunctional family of an alcoholic named Frank Gallagher. He is a single father of six children. While he spends his days drunk or in search of misadventures, his kids learn to take care of themselves. His older daughter, Fiona, took responsibilities as a parent and raised her five siblings.

It stars William H. Macy as Frank Gallagher and Emmy Rossum as Fiona Gallagher. It also stars Joan Cusack who plays Sheila Jackson, a woman who loves Frank and is obsessive. Justin Chatwin, Jeremy Allen White, Cameron Monaghan, Emma Kenney, Ethan Cutkosky, Steve Howey and Shanola Hampton are also in the show.

It first aired on January 9, 2011. It has been nominated for many awards such as Emmy Awards, Screen Actors Guild Awards and Golden Globe Awards.

Jerzy Kossela

Jerzy Kossela (né Kosela; 15 July 1942 – 7 January 2017) was a Polish guitarist and vocalist. He was born in Częstochowa, Poland. Kossela was the founding member of the bands Electron, Niebiekso-Czarni, Pięciolinie and Czerwone Gitary.

Kossela died on 7 January 2017 in Gdynia, aged 74.


Lech Trzeciakowski

Lech Trzeciakowski (24 December 1931 – 7 January 2017) was a Polish historian. He was born in Poznań, Poland. Trzeciakowski served as director of the Western Institute ("Instytut Zachodni") in Poznań from 1974 to 1978.

Trzeciakowski died on January 7 2017 in Poznań of cancer, aged 86.

Ricardo Piglia

Ricardo Piglia (November 24, 1941 – January 6, 2017) was an Argentine one of the most famous contemporary writers in Argentina. He was born in Adrogué and raised in Mar del Plata. He was known for his fiction books "Artificial Respiration" (1980), "The Absent City" (1992), "Burnt Money" (1997); and criticism including "Criticism and Fiction" (1986), "Brief Forms" (1999) and "The Last Reader" (2005).

Piglia died at 75 on January 6, 2017 in Buenos Aires, Argentina after suffering from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis for three years.

Francine York

Francine York (born Francine Yerich; August 26, 1936 – January 6, 2017) was an American movie and television actress. She was born in Aurora, Minnesota. Her career began in 1961. She was known for her role as Lydia Limpet in "Batman" and appeared on "Death Valley Days" with Ronald Reagan. She retired in 2014.

York died in Van Nuys, California on January 6, 2017 from cancer, aged 80.


Tom Harpur

The Reverend Thomas William "Tom" Harpur (April 24, 1929 – January 2, 2017) was a Canadian author, broadcaster, journalist, columnist and theologian. He was an ordained Anglican priest. 

He was a known figure of the Christ myth theory. He believed in the idea that Jesus did not exist but is a fictional or mythological figure. He was the author of a number of books, including "For Christ's Sake" (1993), "Life after Death" (1996), and "The Pagan Christ" (2004).

Géori Boué

Georgette "Géori" Boué (16 October 1918 – 5 January 2017) was a French soprano. She worked with the French repertory theater areas. She was known especially for her work in "Thais". She was born in Toulouse. Her career began in 1939. She retired in 1970.

Boué died in Paris on 5 January 2017 at the age of 98.

Paul Goble

Paul Goble (27 September 1933 – 5 January 2017) was an English writer and illustrator of children's books. He especially wrote about Native American stories. His book "The Girl Who Loved Wild Horses" won a Caldecott Medal in 1979.

Goble died from Parkinson's disease on 5 January 2017, aged 83.

Brinicle

A brinicle is a column of ice that forms in seawater. The name is a combination of the words "brine", which means saltwater, and "icicle". A brinicle starts forming from the top of the water down. A brinicle freezes everything in its way as it forms. It can reach the bottom of the ocean, where it can also form ice on the seabed. It is dangerous to sea stars and sea urchins living on the bottom of the ocean. They move too slowly to get out of the way. They are very rare and only occur in places where it is very cold, such as Antarctica. 


Angelo Sodano

Angelo Raffaele Sodano (23 November 1927 – 27 May 2022) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Dean of the College of Cardinals from 2005 to 2019. He was born in Isola d'Asti, Piedmont.

He was Cardinal Secretary of State from 1991 to 2006, under both popes John Paul II and Benedict XVI. On 27 April 2005, he was elected to succeed Benedict XVI as Dean of the College of Cardinals by his fellow Cardinal Bishops. Sodano was the first person since 1828 to serve as Dean and Secretary of State at the same time.

On 22 June 2006, Benedict XVI accepted Sodano's resignation as Secretary of State on 15 September 2006. He was replaced by Tarcisio Bertone, then Archbishop of Genoa.

On 21 December 2019, the Legion of Christ discovered that Sodano was the one who led efforts to cover up the reports of abuse when he was serving as Secretariat of State. Sodano was accused of seeking a deal to bury documents detailing abuse. The same day, Pope Francis accepted Sodano's resignation as Dean of the College of Cardinals. 

Sodano died of COVID-19 on 27 May 2022 at a hospital in Rome, Italy at the age of 94.


Spartak Belyaev

Spartak Belyaev (October 27, 1923 – January 5, 2017) was Russian theoretical physicist. He was born in Moscow. Belyaev was awarded a Lomonosov Gold Medal.

He was elected as a head of Russian Academy of Sciences and also held the same position at the Budker Institute of Nuclear Physics. For his breakthroughs and research in physics he was awarded Feenberg medal in 2004. On May 17, 2011 he and Gerard 't Hooft were awarded a Lomonosov Gold Medal by the Russian Academy of Sciences.

Belyaev died on January 5, 2017 in Moscow, Russia, aged 93.

Cedarosaurus

Cedarosaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous epoch. It was a herbivore of unknown size. Cedarosaurus was named for the Cedar Mountain Formation in eastern Utah, USA. It was a brachiosaurid sauropod that ate tall vegetation from the tree canopy. The skeleton was found in the Cedar Mountains the late 1990s by a team of paleontologists from the Denver Museum of Nature and Science. The skeleton was missing the neck, head and other parts.


Saurexallopus

Saurexallopus (Pronunciation: Saw-ex-allo-pu) is an ichnogenus, which is a trace fossil of a footprint. What made the footprint is unknown although possibly it was by a bird.

Dijon FCO

Dijon Football Côte-d'Or is a football club which plays in France.

Otto Wichterle

Otto Wichterle (27 October 1913  now in the Czech Republic – 18 August 1998) was a Czech chemist known for his invention of modern soft contact lenses. 

He decided to be a chemist after his father, which co-owned a farm machine factory. He graduated from high school in and then he studied at the of the . After he got his diploma he wanted to continue in his studies, but the Protectorate regime didn't let him do so. Fortunately, he could continue in his scientific work because he was able to take part in the research institute at 's works in Zlín. His team made the first Czechoslovak  called "silon." He was arrested by the Gestapo in 1942 but was released few months later. After World War II he returned to the university and started teaching and inorganic chemistry. He wrote an inorganic chemistry textbook and German and Czech organic chemistry textbook. In 1952 he was made the dean of the I in Prague.

Otto studied the synthesis of hydrophilous gels. He wanted to find a perfect material that can be in permanent contact with living tissues. His colleague  helped him and together they prepared a gel. This gel absorbed up to 40% of water and was transparent. This new material is the Poly(2-hydroxyethyl methacrylate). They patented it in 1953. Wichterle thought that it might be a good material for contact lenses and gained his first patent for soft contact lenses. In 1957 Wichterle produced around 100 soft lenses. The problem was that the edges tore when the lens was getting removed. He wanted to find a better way to make them. Unfortunately, he was forced to leave the because of its Communist leadership in 1958. So the research at the Institute came to an end, but he did the important experiments to transform into a good shape of a contact lens by himself at home.

By late 1961 produced the first four hydrogel contact lenses on a home-made apparatus built from children's building kit (Merkur). All the glass tubing was also made by himself. On Christmas afternoon he finally made a contact lens in his apparatus. He tried the lenses in his own eyes. He said that they were comfortable. He built more new prototype machines using Merkur toys  with stronger motor taken from his gramophone. With these devices he made 5,500 lenses.
Wichterle was well-known all around the world not only because of his achievements but also because of his activities in international organizations. He is the author of a large number of studies. He is the author or co-author of approximately 180 patents and of over 200 publications. 

In 1970, Wichterle was expelled again from his position in the institute, this time for signing "" . Full recognition did not come until the Velvet Revolution in 1989. In 1990, he was made president of the and was the honorary president of the  after that. Wichterle was a member of a number of foreign academies of science, he received many awards and honorary doctorates from several universities.

The asteroid number 3899 was named after Wichterle in 1993. A high school in Ostrava was named after him on September 1, 2006.

Quentin Matsys

Quentin Matsys (other spellings: Massijs, Matsijs, Metsys for the last name; Quinten or Kwinten for the given name) was a Dutch painter. He was born around 1466 in Leuven. He died in 1530 in Antwerp.

Peoria, Arizona

Peoria is a city in Maricopa and Yavapai counties in the US state of Arizona. Most of the city is in Maricopa County. The northern part is in Yapavai County. It is a major suburb of Phoenix. It was named for Peoria, Illinois because that is where many of the early settlers came from.

In the 2020 United States Census, 190,985 people lived in the city. Peoria is the eighth largest city in Arizona. Peoria has a Mayor–council government; a mayor and six councilmen who are all elected.

Small groups of hunter-gatherers called Paleo-Indians moved through what would later become Peoria. Spear points found in Peoria date from 10,000–8,000 BC and show there was hunting activity here. About 1500 BC, there was farming here which indicates that semi-nomadic peoples used the area. From about 1–500 AD the peoples here settled into two areas. There were crops being raised here in the Peoria area during the spring and summer. At other times they lived in the upland areas where they gathered seeds, cholla, and cactus fruits.

There is evidence that the Hohokam lived here before 1150 AD. They built their houses out of wattle and daub. Later they used adobe and stone. They vanished after about the mid-1400s. They left almost no clues as to where they went or what happened to their civilization.
As late as the 1870s, small bands of Yavapai were farming small pieces of land in the area depending on surface runoff and springs for water. 

European and American explorers discovered gold in 1863 near Wickenburg, Arizona. This caused a conflict with the Yavapai in the area. Ranchers were attracted to the area because of the grasslands for cattle. Relations with the Yavapai turned to war over the land. This was in part because the American Civil War caused the Army to leave the area. When the army returned, the Yavapai were eventually removed to a reservation. 

For about 13 years, the area around what would become Peoria lay vacant. In the late 1880s, four farming families moved to Peoria from Peoria, Illinois, naming the new town after the town they came from. From that time Peoria steadily grew as a farming community. Peoria incorporated in 1954. 

Lake Pleasant Regional Park is a large recreational area that is in Peoria. It serves the entire Phoenix area. Its main feature is the 10,000 acre (40 km² or 15.6 mi²) Lake Pleasant. It is an artificial reservoir that has campgrounds, boating and fishing. 

Peoria also is home the Peoria Sports Complex. It is the official spring training facility for the Seattle Mariners and the San Diego Padres. It has the Challenger Space Center and Canyon Raceway.

Waterbed

A waterbed is a bed or mattress filled with water. Waterbeds intended for medical therapy date back to the 19th century. The modern waterbed was invented San Francisco in the late 1960s by Charlie Hall. It was patented in 1971. It became a very popular in the United States in the 1980s and 1990s.

Waterbeds are made of two types: hard-sided and soft-sided.

Fort Lauderdale airport shooting

The Fort Lauderdale airport shooting was an attack in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, United States. The mass shooting took place at the Fort Lauderdale—Hollywood International Airport on January 6, 2017.

At 12:55 pm Eastern Standard Time, Esteban Santiago-Ruiz started shooting. The shooting killed five people. Forty two people were injured.

Devil (Islam)

In Islam, the Devil is known as Iblīs (Arabic: إبليس‎‎), Shayṭān, (Arabic: شيطان‎‎, plural: شياطين shayāṭīn) or Shaitan.
His primary activity is to incite humans to commit evil and lead the wrong path through deception. which is referred to as "whispering into the hearts".
The Quran mentions that there is not only one, but many satans. Satans are the assistants of those who disbelieve in God: "We have made the evil ones friends to those without faith."

Muhammad said that every man has his own satan. Some satans are attached to bad people and makes them evil. A satan runs in the blood of human beings. Another satan makes people forgetful or tries to interupt prayers to God. 

Thes satans are actually human weakness. They call towards evil things, and influence human's mind. When a human dies, Iblis sometimes sends a satan as a last attempt to make him an unbeliever. This satan is sent to make the dying person disbelieving in God. 

Punica

Punica is a small genus of fruit-bearing deciduous shrubs or small trees. It belongs in the family Lythraceae.

The name of the genus "Punica" was given by Linnaeus in 1753 in "Species Plantarum" (Vol. 1, page 472). The type species is "Punica granatum" L.

"Punica" comes from the Latin name for the pomegranate, "malum punicum", meaning "Carthaginian apple" ("apple from Carthage").

The species in this genus are shrubs or small trees that could grow up to high. Leaves are opossite. Flowers and fruits are yellow to bright red.

Fruits are berries with a strong skin, like leather. Fruits have many seeds with and edible coats (called sacrotesta).

There are only two species accepted in the genus "Punica":

Although previously placed in its own family Punicaceae, recent phylogenetic studies have shown that "Punica" belongs in the family Lythraceae, and it is classified in that family by the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group.

Unadilla, Georgia

Unadilla is a town in Dooly County, Georgia. The population of Unadilla was 3,118 as of 2020.

Needed Me

"Needed Me" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It is the seventh track from her eighth studio album, "Anti". The song was written by Rihanna, DJ Mustard, Adam Feeney, Brittany Hazzard, Charles Hinshaw, Derrus Rachel, Khaled Rohaim, Lewis Hughes, Nick Audino, and Te Whiti Barbrick, while DJ Mustard produced the song. It was released as a single in the US on March 26, 2016. "Needed Me" reached number seven on the "Billboard" Hot 100. On the year-end Hot 100 of 2016, the song ranked number 13. It has been certified four-times Platinum by the RIAA.

Mentha arvensis

Mentha arvensis – also known as field mint wild mint, or corn mint – is a species of Mentha genera, family "Lamiaceae". 
It has circumboreal distribution. It is native to the temperate regions of Europe and western and central Asia. It is also found naturally in North America.

Field mint is a herbaceous perennial plant generally growing to and rarely up to tall. It has erect or semi-sprawling squarish stems. The leaves are paired in opposite positions. They are simple, long and broad. Leaves are hairy, and with a coarsely serrated margin. The flowers are pale purple, but rarely white or pink. These are in whorls on the stem at the bases of the leaves. Flower's Length is about . It has a five-lobed hairy calyx, a four-lobed corolla with the uppermost lobe larger than the others. It has four stamens. The fruit is a two-chambered carpel.


John Deely

John Deely (April 26, 1942 – January 7, 2017) was an American philosopher and semiotician. He was a Professor of Philosophy at Saint Vincent College and Seminary in Latrobe, Pennsylvania. He was at the Center for Thomistic Studies of the University of St. Thomas in Houston, Texas. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Deely died in Latrobe, Pennsylvania on January 7, 2017 from cancer, aged 74.

Heinz Billing

Heinz Billing (7 April 1914 – 4 January 2017) was a German physicist and computer scientist. He is thought to be a pioneer in the construction of computer systems, computer data storage and built prototype laser interferometric gravitational wave detector. He was award the Konrad Zuse Medal in 1987.

Billing was born in Salzwedel, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. He studied at University of Göttingen. During his career, Billing worked at Aerodynamic Test Centre at Göttingen, the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics, and at the Max Planck Institute for Physics. In 1943, he married Anneliese Oetker. They had three children. He turned 100 in April 2014

Billing died on 4 January 2017 in Garching bei München, Bavaria, Germany at the age of 102.


Robert Lighthizer

Robert Emmet Lighthizer (born October 11, 1947) is an American lawyer. He was the 18th United States Trade Representative from May 15, 2017 to January 20, 2021.

Lighthizer is a partner with the law firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, where he works to gain access to foreign markets on behalf of U.S. corporations. In the 1980s, he served as deputy trade representative during President Ronald Reagan's administration.

Lighthizer was born in Ashtabula, Ohio. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1969 and a Juris Doctor in 1973 from Georgetown University.

From 1973 through 1978, before working in government, Lighthizer worked for the Washington, DC law firm of Covington & Burling. 

In 1983, during the administration of President Ronald Reagan, he became deputy trade representative. He negotiated two dozen bilateral international agreements on subjects ranging from steel to grain.

In 1985, Lighthizer negotiated against the United States, on behalf of Brazil, in a trade dispute over ethanol. Between 1985 and 1990, Lighthizer represented five foreign clients.

He has been a long time supporter of the U.S. steel industry. He convinced Japan, South Korea, Mexico, and the United Kingdom to accept “voluntary restraint agreements” to limit the amount of cheap steel they could dump on the U.S. market.

On January 3, 2017, then-President-elect Donald Trump announced that he planned to nominate Lighthizer as U.S. trade representative, a cabinet-level position.

Lighthizer's nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on a 82-14 vote.

Lighthizer lives in Rockville, Maryland and has 2 children.


Lois Smith

Lois Smith (born November 3, 1930) is an American actress. She won a Drama Desk Award in 2006.

She has played supporting roles in movies including "East of Eden", "Five Easy Pieces", "Resurrection", "Fatal Attraction", "Fried Green Tomatoes", "Dead Man Walking", "Tumbleweeds", "Twister", and "Please Give". 

In television she has performed in series that include "The Americans", "True Blood", and "Desperate Housewives".

Eddie Garcia

Eduardo Verchez García (2 May 1929 – 20 June 2019), popularly known as Eddie Garcia or Manoy, was a Filipino movie actor and movie director. He appeared in over 600 movies and TV shows as of 2019.

He is also the only person in the Philippines inducted into the FAMAS "Hall of Fame" in three categories: "Best Actor", "Best Supporting Actor" and "Best Director".

On 8 June 2019, Garcia suffered a neck fracture after having a fall and was hospitalised in Manila. He was soon moved to Makati, where he died on 20 June 2019. He was 90.

Henry Haller

Henry Haller (January 10, 1923 – November 7, 2020) was a Swiss-American chef. He served as Executive Chef of the White House from 1966 to 1987. He served under the presidencies of Lyndon Johnson, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan. He retired on October 1, 1987.

Haller was born in Altdorf, Switzerland. He studied as an apprentice at hotels and ski resorts in Bern, Davos and Lucerne. He married Carole Itjem in the 1950s. They had four children. Haller died on November 7, 2020 in Rockville, Maryland at the age of 97.

Greg Jelks

Gregory Dion "Greg" Jelks (August 16, 1961 – January 5 or 6, 2017) was an American Australian baseball third baseman. He played with the Philadelphia Phillies of the National Basketball League (NBL) in 1987. He later moved to Australia and played for Perth Heat and the national team. He was born in Centre, Alabama.

Jelks died sometime returning to Australia from the United States. His death was confirmed when his plane arrived in Sydney. He was 55.

Sex Tape (movie)

Sex Tape is a 2014 American comedy movie.

Jay and Annie Hargrove are a married couple. After having two kids, they have sex every chance they get. When Jay struggles to have an erection, Annie suggests making a sex tape. After making it, Annie asks Jay to delete the recording.

The son of Jay and Annie's friend says he will upload a copy of the sex tape to YouPorn unless they give him $25,000. They are not able to pay the money. Jay and Annie break into YouPorn's headquarters. They begin destroying the web servers. Their plan is stopped when an alarm sounds. The owner of YouPorn removes the sex tape.

Jay and Annie watch the video once themselves. After this, they take the USB flash drive and later destroy it.


"Sex Tape" was released on July 18, 2014.

The movie earned a total of $38.5 million in the United States alone. Worldwide, it earned a total of $126.1 million.

In the United Kingdom, it topped the box office. It earned £1.43 million. The movie opened at #1 in markets, such as Bulgaria, the Netherlands and Slovenia.

The biggest market was in countries like Germany, Australia and the United Kingdom. In those countries, the movie got back $12.14 million, $6.9 million and $7.14 million, respectively.

"Sex Tape" earned mostly negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the movie has an approval rating of 17%. Metacritic gives the movie a score of 36, meaning generally unfavorable reviews.

"Sex Tape" won a Golden Raspberry Award for the Worst Actress. It was also nominated for Worst Screen Combo and Worst Screenplay.

Michael Chamberlain

Michael Leigh Chamberlain (27 February 1944 – 9 January 2017) was a New Zealand-born Australian writer, teacher and pastor. He was best known due to the August 1980 death of his missing daughter Azaria as the result of a dingo attack while camping near Uluru in the Northern Territory, Australia. 

Chamberlain's then-wife Lindy was falsely convicted of the baby's murder in 1982 and he was convicted of being an accessory after the fact. The findings of a 1987 royal commission made sure that the couple was innocent, but not before they were hated by the public and negatively covered by the media.

Chamberlain died on 9 January 2017 at Gosford Hospital, on the New South Wales central coast, aged 72 from complications of acute myeloid leukemia.

Phil Rudd

Phillip Hugh Norman Witschke Rudzevecuis (born 19 May 1954), better known as Phil Rudd, is an Australian drummer. He is best known for being a member of the hard rock band AC/DC from 1975 to 1983, and again from 1994 to 2015. He lives in Tauranga, New Zealand. In November 2014, he was arrested for many crimes, including threatening to kill, trying to plan a murder and keeping illegal drugs. In July 2015, he was sentenced to eight months home detention.

Rudd was born in Melbourne. He is of a German and Irish background. His stepfather was from Lithuania. He has six children.

Urk

Urk is a municipality in the province of Flevoland, the Netherlands. It has about 20,000 people (2016), and is both a former municipality of North Holland and of Overijssel.

Urk is a former island and well-known for its fishery activities.


Dokkum

Dokkum is a city in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands. It is a part of the municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân. It has about 13,000 people (2014).


Ulf Dinkelspiel

Ulf Adolf Roger Dinkelspiel (4 July 1939 – 9 January 2017) was a Swedish politician and financier. He was a member of the Moderate Party. He served as the Minister of European Affairs and Foreign Trade from 1991 to 1994. He was born in Stockholm.

Dinkelspiel died from cancer on 9 January 2017 in Stockholm. He was 77.

Winschoten

Winschoten is a small city in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. Since 2010, it has been a part of the municipality of Oldambt. It has about 18,000 people (2013).

There is a railway station with direct connections to Groningen and Leer (Germany).


Zierikzee

Zierikzee, Zeelandic: "Zurrikzeê", is a city in the province of Zeeland, the Netherlands. It is a part of the municipality and island of Schouwen-Duiveland. It has about 11,000 people (2015). 


Torgny (village)

Torgny is a village in the province of Luxembourg, Belgium. It is part of the municipality of Rouvroy. About 200 people live there. 

Torgny is the southernmost settlement in Belgium.

Tithe

A tithe, means the tenth-part of something, usually income, paid to a religious organization. A tithe can be seen as a tax, a fee for a service or a voluntary contribution. Tithing came from the Book of Numbers. In ancient Israel, the tribes of Levites were the priests. The other tribes gave tithes to the tribes of Levies because they had been given no land in Canaan. Tithes may be money or crops or other valuable thing.

Under the Laws of Moses a tenth part is given to the priests. Then, the priests were required to give a tenth part of what they received as an offering to God. These tithes were paid once a year.

In France, tithes were taxes levied by The Roman Catholic Church before the French Revolution. Tithes were levied on the Third Estate (common people), which made up about 98% of the French population. The Tithes were taxes for land owned by members of the Third Estate. The tithe was abolished after the creation of The New Constitution of France in 1791, when the Constitution was completed.

Gouda, Netherlands

Gouda is a municipality in the province of South Holland, the Netherlands. In 2016 about 71,000 people lived there.

The city is famous for its Gouda cheese and stroopwafels. The city hall was built in the 15th century.


Jacob Cats

Jacob Cats (10 November 1577 in Brouwershaven - 12 September 1660 in The Hague) was a Dutch poet, jurist and politician. He is most famous for his emblem books. His poems were told like nursery rhymes for many years.

Cats was pensionary of Middelburg and Dordrecht, and grand pensionary of Holland.


The Bottom

The Bottom is the capital of the Caribbean island of Saba. In 2001, 462 people lived there.

The town was first called "De Botte", which is old Dutch for "The Bowl". This is because the town made a bowl shape at the bottom of the mountains.

ENAC Foundation

The ENAC Foundation (French: "Fondation de l'École nationale de l'aviation civile") has been created in 2012. It is to promote scientific and public interest activities in aviation, aerospace and aeronautics.

The Foundation has been created in 2012. The first scholarships have been given in 2014, in order to help students to go abroad. In 2015, the first research activity in UAV is financed, in partnership with Ineo, Cofely and Sagem.


List of Baku metro stations

This is a list of metro stations of Baku Metro in Baku, Azerbaijan. Currently, Baku Metro has 27 metro stations. Line 1 has 13 metro stations, Line 2 has 10 metro stations and Line 3 has 4 metro stations.



La La Land (movie)

La La Land is a 2016 American romantic musical comedy-drama movie. Its title is a reference to the nickname for the city of Los Angeles. It is also an idiom for being out of touch with reality.

On a crowded Los Angeles highway, an aspiring actress named Mia is distracted by her preparation for an upcoming audition. That leads to a moment of road rage between her and a pianist named Sebastian. Her audition is yet another failure. At the same time, Sebastian is having a problem paying his bills. This leads to an argument with his sister, Laura. Mia's car is towed. She has to walk back to her apartment.

Sebastian is told by the owner of a restaurant not to play any jazz. Instead, he plays simple variations of Christmas songs. But he begins a heartfelt improvisation at the restaurant. Mia overhears Sebastian playing. She is moved by his talent, and goes to watch him play. Sebastian, however, is quickly fired.

Months later, Mia goes to another party. She sees Sebastian again. He is now playing as the keyboardist for a 1980s pop music cover band. Mia requests that the band play "I Ran (So Far Away)" by A Flock of Seagulls. Afterward the two walk together and look for their cars.

Five years later, Mia is a famous actress. She is married to another man, with whom she has a daughter.

The world premiere for "La La Land" was at the Venice Film Festival. It was an opening night movie on August 31, 2016. The movie also showed at the Telluride Film Festival, Toronto International Film Festival, and many others.

"La La Land" has taken in more than $85 million against a budget of $30 million. The movie was released in the United States in December 2016. In January 2017, the movie showed in more theaters for a total of 1,515 theaters.

"La La Land" was named by Peter Travers as his favorite movie of 2016. Other critics gave the movie high marks. Rotten Tomatoes rated the movie 91%.

"La La Land" won a number of awards. At the Golden Globe Awards, it won seven awards. These included Best Picture-Musical or Comedy, Best Actor-Musical or Comedy and Best Actress-Musical or Comedy.

Angelica Ross

Angelica Ross (born 1980/1981) is an American activist for transgender rights. She started TransTech Social Enterprises to help transgender people. She was born in Kenosha, Wisconsin.

In 2014, Angelica Ross started the TransTech Social Enterprises organization in Chicago. Transtech is a training and design organization. It trains and contracts transgender people in technology. Transtech is a project of Allied Media Projects, an NGO in Detroit.

According to Ross, who transitioned in 2000, the time of gender transition can be difficult. Some people need work but do not have the skills. Other people have skills, but cannot find work because of discrimination. If people can telecommute, they can work during the time of gender transition.

In 2016, Ros received a Visibility Award from the Human Rights Campaign. 


Charlie Brotman

Charles J. "Charlie" Brotman (born December 30, 1927) is an American public relations specialist and public address announcer. He is known for his presentation of U.S. presidential inaugural parades of 11 presidents from Dwight D. Eisenhower to Barack Obama.

Brotman has been behind the microphone for every inaugural parade in Washington, DC, since 1957, when Dwight D. Eisenhower was sworn in for his second term. Barack Obama's second inauguration in 2013 was the 15th consecutive ceremony that Brotman has announced, and his 16th overall.

In 2017, President-Elect Donald Trump's Presidential Inauguration Committee said that Brotman will not broadcast his inauguration, ending his broadcasting streak.

Leanne Pittsford

Leanne Pittsford is an American entrepreneur. She started the professional network Lesbians Who Tech.

Pittsford received a master's degree in education, equity and social justice from San Francisco State University and a bachelor's degree in political science from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo.

Leanne Pittsford started her career with the organization Equality California. She wanted to repeal Proposition 8, a law in California against marriage for same sex couples. She saw there were not enough networking opportunities for lesbian women. There were not any lesbian mentors to give help and advice to new people.

In 2012, Pittsford started Lesbians in Tech. In 2015 she got Edie Windsor, a former manager from IBM, to speak to the organization, and started a scholarship in her name. Lesbians in Tech is now an international organization with 20 chapters from Berlin to Vermont. It has 10,000 members. In two years, they had over 200 events in 22 cities. Every year they have summits in New York, San Francisco, and Berlin. In 2015 they had their first summit in Tel Aviv.

In 2015, Lesbians in Tech received a $165,000 award from the Arrillaga-Andreessen Foundation. They wanted to create more inclusion in the technology sector. The money will help start two programs: Bring a Lesbian to Work Day, for mentoring, and the Coding Scholarship Fund, for tuition.

In 2015, U.S. President Obama had an LGBT Pride reception at the White House for prominent member of the LGBT tech community. The event was attended by former Google executive and U.S. chief technology officer Megan Smith, Lesbians Who Tech founder Leanne Pittsford, and others.

Pittsford also helped support five other organizations for diversity in tech: AllOut, Astraea Lesbian Foundation for Justice, CODE2040, Chicana Latina Foundation, and the National Center for Lesbian Rights.



Deaths in 2017

The following is a list of notable deaths in 2017. For notable deaths for a selective month during the year, please see "Months". Per month, names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



Deaths in January 2017

The following is a list of notable deaths in January 2017. For notable deaths of other months in 2017, please see "Months".



































Ramanuja Devnathan

Ramanuja Devanathan (2 April 1959 – 7 January 2017) was an Indian educator. He was the head of the Rashtriya Sanskrit Sansthan at Jammu and the former Vice Chancellor of Jagadguru Ramanandacharya Rajasthan Sanskrit University. He was the Registrar of Rashtriya Sanskrit Sansthan, New Delhi.

In 2013, Devanathan was the recipient of Maharana of Mewar Charitable Foundation (MMCF)'s 32nd annual award. He is also the editor of 2007 edition of English-Sanskrit Dictionary.

Devanathan died on 7 January 2017 in Mumbai while traveling on work of a heart attack, aged 57.

Miriam Goldberg

Miriam Harris Goldberg (May 18, 1916 – January 8, 2017) was an American newspaper publisher. She was born in Chicago. From 1972 to 2017, she was the editor and publisher of the "Intermountain Jewish News" in Denver, Colorado. She was inducted into the Colorado Women's Hall of Fame in 1987. She turned 100 in May 2016.

Goldberg died on January 8, 2017 in Denver at the age of 100.

Zygmunt Bauman

Zygmunt Bauman (19 November 1925 – 9 January 2017) was a Polish-British sociologist and philosopher. He had been living in England since 1971. 
Bauman was born to a Jewish family in Poland. 

After World War II, he rose in the ranks of Poland's military and by the early 1950s he had become one of the youngest majors in the Polish army, but was driven out of Poland by a political purge in 1953 engineered by the Communist government of the Polish People's Republic. 

He was the Professor Emeritus of Sociology at the University of Leeds. Bauman was one of the world's most eminent social theorists writing on issues as diverse as modernity and the Holocaust, postmodern consumerism and liquid modernity.


Ali Shariatmadari

Ali Shariatmadari (6 January 1924 – 9 January 2017) was an Iranian academic and educationist. He was Minister of Culture in the interim government of Mehdi Bazargan in 1979. He was President of the Iranian Academy of Sciences from 1990 until 1998. He was also a Professor of Education at the Teacher Training University in Tehran and a member of High Council of the Cultural Revolution from 1982 until his death.

Shariatmadari died in Shiraz, Iran on 9 January 2017, aged 93.

Bayezid Osman

Bayezid Osman, also known as Osman Bayezid Osmanoğlu with a surname as required by the Turkish Republic, or known by the Ottoman imperial name as Prince Şehzade Bayezid Efendi (; 23 June 1924 – 6 January 2017), was the 44th Head of the Imperial House of Osman, which ruled the Ottoman Empire from 1281 to 1922. The monarchy was abolished in 1922, with the modern Republic of Turkey replacing it.

Osman died in New York on 6 January 2017, aged 92.

Progressive supranuclear palsy

Progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP; or the Steele-Richardson-Olszewski syndrome, after the doctors who described it in 1963) is a degenerative disease involving the deterioration and death of specific volumes of the brain.
Males and females are affected the same equally and there is no racial, geographical or occupational predilection. Approximately 6 people per 100,000 population have PSP.
It has been described as a tauopathy.

Peter Sarstedt

Peter Eardley Sarstedt (10 December 1941 – 8 January 2017) was an English singer, instrumentalist and award-winning songwriter. He was the brother of musicians Eden Kane and Robin Sarstedt. His music was traditional folk music rather than traditional rock and roll.

He was best known for writing and performing the single "Where Do You Go To (My Lovely)?". It topped the UK Singles Chart in 1969 and won the Ivor Novello Award along with "Space Oddity" by David Bowie. Sarstedt remained a one-hit wonder, despite having released numerous successful albums and singles beginning from the late 1960s and releasing two singles a year from 1967 until 1987, with the popular track "Frozen Orange Juice" and the novelty song "Take off Your Clothes" entering the top ten.

Sarstedt had progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP) since 2015. He died on 8 January 2017 in Sussex at the age of 75.

Buddy Bregman

Buddy Bregman (July 9, 1930 – January 8, 2017) was an American arranger, television producer, and composer. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

He worked with many of the greatest musical artists of 20th Century popular music, including: Ella Fitzgerald, Bing Crosby, Judy Garland, Fred Astaire, Louis Armstrong, Sammy Davis Jr., Peggy Lee, Bobby Darin, Anita O'Day, Frank Sinatra, Count Basie, Oscar Peterson, Jerry Lewis, Paul Anka, Buddy Rich, Eddie Fisher, Annie Ross, and Carmen McRae. He became Ethel Merman's personal arranger.

In the early 1960s Bregman became a television producer and director. After producing several TV specials in Europe, he was hired by David Attenborough for BBC 2 in 1964. In 1966, he was appointed head of light entertainment for the weekday ITV company Rediffusion London.

Bregman wrote "Jump Jim Crow" – a musical for the Royal Shakespeare Company. It moved into London-based independent TV and movie production.

Bregman died in Los Angeles, California from complications of Alzheimer's disease on January 8, 2017, aged 86.

Rauda Morcos

Rauda Morcos, Arabic: روضة مرقص , (born 1974) is a Palestinian lesbian activist. She started Aswat (أصوات), the first Palestinian group for lesbian rights. In 2006, she received the Felipa de Souza Award from the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission (Now called OutRight Action International). 

In 2002, Morcos joined the first online group for Palestinian lesbians in Israel and the Palestinian Authority. In 2003, she was outed after she gave an interview to an Israeli newspaper. Morcos asked that her sexual orientation not be published. But the newspaper wrote “lesbian” in the headline and printed her photograph. After Morcos's sexual orientation was made public, she was harassed and physically assaulted. Her car was vandalized many times. She lost her job. She volunteered her time at Aswat until the organization had enough money to hire her.

Temple Run 2

Temple Run 2 is a video game for Android. It was released in January 17, 2013 by Imangi Studios. It was produced, designed and programmed by Keith Sheperd and Natalia Luckyanova. The art was by Kiril Tchangov. As of June 2014, Temple Run and Temple Run 2, it has been download over 1 billion times. 

Our Revolution: A Future to Believe In

Our Revolution: A Future to Believe In is a book by U.S. Senator of Vermont, Bernie Sanders. It was published by Thomas Dunne Books in 2016.

It was released on November 15, 2016, a week after the election of Donald Trump. The book was written in the context of Sanders's 2016 presidential campaign and aimed to explain some of its rationale.

In the book, Sanders sets out his position on climate change, free college tuition, income inequality, close the gender wage gap and to defeat Donald Trump while campaigning for Hillary Clinton during the last three months leading to the 2016 presidential election.

Our Revolution

Our Revolution is an American progressive political action organization spun out of Bernie Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign to continue its work.

The organization officially launched on August 24, 2016, designated as a 501(c)(4), with a presentation that was live-streamed online via YouTube to meetings across the country and shown by Free Speech TV.

The organization's mission is to educate voters about issues, get people involved in the political process, and work to organize and elect progressive candidates. "Our Revolution" is also the title of a book by Sanders released in November 2016.

On August 29, 2016 the board of Our Revolution was announced as:


Versailles University Foundation

The Versailles University Foundation (French: "Fondation Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines") has been created in 2011. It is to promote scientific and public interest activities in medicine, sciences, disability, sustainable development.

The Foundation has been created in 2011. The first scholarships have been given in 2014, in order to help students to go abroad. Between October 2014 and June 2015, the Foundation works to develop the library.
In December 2015, a laboratory is created.


Boško Krunić

Boško Krunić (21 October 1929 in Prhovo – 23 January 2017 in Novi Sad) was a Yugoslavian Communist political figure. He was a Chairman of the Presidium of League of Communists of Yugoslavia for one year between 1987 and 1988. Krunić died on 23 January 2017 from a stroke at the age of 87.

Gombojavyn Ochirbat

Gombojavyn Ochirbat (Гомбожавын Очирбат, born 15 November 1929) is a Mongolian Communist political figure. 

He was a general secretary of the Central Committee of the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party from 14 March, 1990 until 13 April, 1990. During his reign, the party's leading role was abolished (on March 23).

Eduardo Martínez Somalo

Eduardo Martínez Somalo (31 March 1927 – 10 August 2021) was a Spanish cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. Martínez was born in the small town of Baños de Río Tobía in La Rioja, Spain. 

Martínez received his episcopal consecration on 13 December 1975. He was Cardinal protodeacon from 29 January 1996 to 9 January 1999. Martínez retired as Prefect of the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life on 11 February 2004.

Martínez Somalo had a heart attack in July 2021. He died a month later on 10 August 2021 in Vatican City, aged 94.


Kim Yong-ju

Kim Yong-ju (Chosŏn'gŭl: 김영주; 1920 – 2021) was a North Korean politician. He was the younger brother of Kim Il-sung, who ruled North Korea from 1948 to 1994. 

Under his brother's rule, Kim Yong-ju held key posts in the Workers' Party of Korea during the 1960s and early 1970s, but he fell out of favor in 1974 following a power struggle with Kim Jong-il. Since 1998, he has held the ceremonial position of Honorary Vice President of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly, North Korea's parliament.

His death was announced by state media on December 15, 2021.

Nebelhorn

The Nebelhorn is a -high mountain in the Allgäu Alps. It is next to the village of Oberstdorf, in Germany. Its summit is a well-known viewing point of the Alps. It also gives its name to several competitions, including the Nebelhorn Trophy, a figure skating competition.


Fellhorn

The Fellhorn is a tall mountain in the Allgäu Alps near Oberstdorf, Germany, on the border with Austria. According to Austrian information the mountain is 2039 m tall.

In 1972, a gondola lift, the Fellhorn Lift, was built that goes up the mountain from the Stillach valley. Its top station is at 1,967 metres. The Fellhorn/Kanzelwand Ski Region has 24 kilometres of piste and 14 lifts.


Back to the Future (franchise)

Back to the Future is an American live action trilogy, consisting of three movies:

The trilogy follows a teenager, who travels through time, by driving an automobile time machine, made by a scientist. Living in 1985, he travels to the past and future for several adventures in Hill Valley.




Ben Feringa

Bernard Lucas "Ben" Feringa (born May 18, 1951 in Barger-Compascuum) is a Dutch chemist, specialized in organic chemistry, materials science, nanotechnology and photochemistry.

Feringa studied at the University of Groningen and is also an academic at the same university. 

In 2016, he won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for supramolecular chemistry, together with Jean-Pierre Sauvage and Fraser Stoddart.

Milada Horáková

Milada Horáková (née Králová, 25 December 1901 – 27 June 1950) was a Czech politician and a victim of a judicial murder. She was executed by Communists on charges of treason. Moreover she was the only woman who was executed within these proceedings. She was born and died in Prague.

She was born as "Milada Králová" in Prague. She had three siblings. In 1918 she was excluded from grammar school, because she participated at antiwar demonstrations, which was banned. Nevertheless in 1921 she graduated at another grammar school. She was awarded one’s degree in 1926 at Law School at the Charles University. When she met with the senator Františka Plamínková, the founder of Women’s National Council, she joined.

Shortly after her studies she got married with <nowiki>Bohuslav Horák</nowiki>, an agricultural economist. In 1933 she gave birth to a girl called Jana.

She is considered as an important czech feminist. Moreover she participated in creating new Civil Code.

In her life she travelled a lot, for example to England, France and the USSR. She could even speak english, french and german.

After year 1939 she used to ensure flats and gain secret information. Unfourtunately on august 2 1940, her husband and her were arrested by gestapo. Two years she was kept at Charles Square, after Heydrich’s assassination was sent to Terezín. In june 1944 she was sent to Liepzig and Dresden. Prosecutor proposed her death penalty, however it was changed to 8 years of penitentiary. She was discharged by american army in <nowiki>Aichachu</nowiki> close to Munich in 1945.

After her exemption she returned to Prague, where she again met her husband, who survived the death march.

February 25 1948 – september 27 1949 at this time she was little by little excluded from all of her public positions. Horáková got into a view-finder as a suitable candidate for an action of STB called „the middle“. It was planned to execute her on september 27 1949. The attempt of arresting her was not successful because she was not at home.

Maltreating Horáková is proved by her fellow inmates Zdena Mašínová. The proces with Milada Horáková lasted since may 31 till june 8, 1950, and was contrived as a public political process. There was onwards learned screenplay, according to which the defendants were forced to behave.

Milada Horáková refused the petition for mercy. Moreover president Gottwald, formally on recommendation of Minister of Justice, signed the death penalty. Her last letter she wrote the day she was executed at 2:30 at night. Her execution was effectuated by hanging her at Pankrác prison yard on june 27, 1950 at 5:35 am.

During her life she was strongly influenced by thoughts of T. G. Masaryk and later even Edvard Beneš.

Leen Verbeek

Leendert "Leen" Verbeek (born March 5, 1954 in Leiderdorp) is a Dutch politician. He is a member of the Labour Party (PvdA). He has been King's Commissioner of Flevoland since 2008. From 1990 to 1994, he was an alderman of Houten. Verbeek was the mayor of Purmerend from 2003 to 2008.

Heliskiing

Heli-skiing is off-trail, downhill skiing or snowboarding that is accessed by a helicopter. This is instead of using a ski lift. As early as the late 1950s helicopters were used in Alaska and Europe to access remote terrain. The birth of heli-skiing as a commercial sport is attributed to Hans Gmoser in 1965.

Skiers get on the helicopter and are flown to a landing zone on the mountain. Skis, snowboards and ski poles are generally carried in an exterior basket on the helicopter. Snow conditions on the mountains vary considerably over the course of the winter. The snow is subjected to sun, wind, temperature variation, and new snowfalls. Snow conditions change almost every day. Risks include those of backcountry skiing, such as avalanches and tree wells, plus those of helicopter flight. Risks are lessened by using experienced pilots and certified guides. Also avalanche transceivers, avalanche air-bags, and radios make it safer.


Quirine Oosterveld

Quirine Oosterveld (born March 5, 1990 in Almere) is a Dutch female volleyball player. 

Oosterveld plays for Rote Raben Vilsbiburg and played for Alterno Apeldoorn. She has been a member of the Netherlands women's national volleyball team since 2013.

Kanzelwand

Kanzelwand is a high mountain on the border between Vorarlberg, Austria and Bavaria, Germany. The summit can be accessed by the Kanzelwand lift, or by hiking. The Fellhorn/Kanzelwand ski area is located here with of pistes and 13 lifts.

Michiel van Hulten

Michiel Frans van Hulten (born February 18, 1969 in Lelystad) is a Dutch former politician of the Labour Party (PvdA). He is currently Director of Transparency International EU.

Van Hulten was an MEP from 1999 to 2004, and Chair of the Labour Party from 2005 to 2007 (succeeded by Lilianne Ploumen).

His father is retired politician Michel van Hulten.


Clare Hollingworth

Clare Hollingworth (10 October 1911 – 10 January 2017) was an English journalist and author. She worked for the newspaper "The Daily Telegraph". In 1939, she became the first person to report the beginning of World War II while in Poland. She was born in Knighton, Leicester, England. In World War I, her father took over the running of his father's footwear factory, and they moved to a farm near Shepshed.

Hollingworth moved to Hong Kong in the 1980s. She turned 100 in 2011. She died on 10 January 2017 in Central, Hong Kong at the age of 105.

Mojave Desert

The Mojave Desert is a desert in California and Arizona.

North American deserts have a wide variety of vegetation in the sandy plains. Some plants in the Mojave include California Dalia, Golden head, Silver Cholla and the Creosote Bush. These plants don’t actually need much water as most desert plants don’t either. Many plants support animals in this desert space. Some other plants/bushes in the Chihuahuan Desert include the Tarbush and Arizona Rainbow Cactus. 

Arrondissements of the Gard department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Gard department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Gard are:

Gard is one of the 83 French departments made during the French revolution, on 4 March 1790. it was divided in 8 districts: Alais, Beaucaire, Nîmes, Pont-Saint-Esprit, Saint-Hippolyte, Sommières, Uzès and Le Vigan. The capital was Nîmes alternating with Alais and Uzès. In 1794, Nîmes became the only capital.

With the creation of the "arrondissements", the 8 districts became four "arrondissements": Nîmes, Alais, Uzès and Le Vigan. In 1926, the "arrondissement" of Uzès was eliminated.


The Daughter of Sláva

The Daughter of Sláva (in Czech "Slávy dcera") is a poetic work by Ján Kollár. It is a long cycle of sonnets. In fact, it is an epic poem written in the form of sonnet. The author was a Slovak Lutheran pastor and poet, who wrote in Czech. The work was intended to become a national epic of all the Slavic peoples. It was first printed in 1824. It was published some more times and expanded in every edition. The number of poems increased from 150 to 645.

There is a pun in the title of the book. "Sláva" in Czech means "Fame". Slavic people regard themselves as "the people of fame", never "the slaves", as they are considered to be in the West.

The work is provided with a "Prologue" ("Předzpěv"). This part is written in hexameter and pentameter. The metre is shaped like Greek one. It is based on length of vowels.
<poem>
"Ai, zde leží zem ta, před okem mým selzy ronícím,"
"někdy kolébka, nyní národu mého rakev."
"Stoj noho! posvátná místa jsou, kamkoli kráčíš,"
"k obloze, Tatry synu, vznes se, vyvýše pohled."
</poem>
The poem is divided into five parts. They are named after the rivers. The first part is named "Sála", the second "Labe, Rén, Veltava" and the third "Dunaj". These are the rivers, Slavic nations live around. Two next parts of the poem are named "Lethe" and "Acheron". These are the rivers know from Greek mythology. All the sonnets are written in decasyllable. It is trochaic pentameter. In his poem Kollár described the past of the Slavs, full of glory, and bright future for them.

<poem>
"A hundred times I spoke, but now I call"
"To you divided, O Slavonians!"
"Let's be a whole and not a part in clans;"
"Be one in harmony or naught at all."

"A dove-like nation we in scorn are styled."
"But doves you know are come of such a stock"
"That loves to live within a common flock,"
"And so may you apply this trait reviled."

"O Slavs, thou race of many fragments!"
"United forces e'er results will show,"
"But waste and dry the circling currents."

"O Slavs, who are of many heads a race!"
"The wise indeed a death no worse can know"
"Than life that sloth, void, darkness doth embrace."
"(Canto III, sonnet 62)"
</poem>

The poem is strongly influenced by Dante's "Divine Commedy". The last parts of Kollár's work are descriptions Slavic heaven and hell. Ján Kollár was a representative of the Panslavism ideology. He believed in union of all the Slavs. He opposed everything, he thought to destroy this union. He described Adam Mickiewicz, the greatest Polish poet, to be in hell. It was because Mickiewicz wrote poems about Polish people's fight against Russian tzar.


Honeyberry

The honeyberry ("Lonicera caerulea") (also known as a blue honeysuckle, sweetberry honeysuckle, fly honeysuckle, blue fly honeysuckle, blue-berried honeysuckle or haskap) is a fruit that is edible. It is a member of the honeysuckle family. It is easy to grow and has few pests. They are native to Russia and can tolerate very cold weather. They can survive down to . They have been raised for centuries in Asia and Eastern Europe. Honeyberry is a well-behaved plant that is not seen as being an Invasive species.

Arrondissement of Alès

The arrondissement of Alès is an arrondissement of France, in the Gard department, Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Alès.

When the Gard department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Alès, with the name of Alais, was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Alès is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the Gard department. It is bordered to the north by the Ardèche department, to the east by the Nîmes "arrondissement", to the south by the Le Vigan "arrondissement" and to the west by the Lozère department.

The "arrondissement" of Alès is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , and the second in population (151,823 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Alès, there are three cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Cazères, Escalquens and Plaisance-du-Touch. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondiissements":

The "arrondissement" of Alès has 101 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Gol Transportes Aéreos Flight 1907

Gol Transportes Aéreos Flight 1907, was a passenger flight flying from Manaus to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. On 29 September 2006, the Boeing 737-8EH operating the flight was involved in a midair collision with an Embraer Legacy 600 while cruising over the Amazon rainforest. The Embraer landed at a military base safely with no injuries on board, and minor damage to the left wingtip and horizontal stabilizer, but the Boeing lost flight path control and was completely destroyed by aerodynamic forces, killing all 154 occupants on board.

The Embraer had a set computer-generated flight plan to Air Traffic Control for the run north to Manaus. This would take N600XL over Brasília, where airway UZ6 would lead the airplane to Manaus. The computer requested a climb to FL370. Until Brasília, that direction was slightly to the east side of magnetic north. Since the airway to Manaus required a westerly turn over Brasília, the computer proposed a descent to 36,000, since it was supposed to be at that flight level by that point.

GOL Flight 1907 rapidly approached from the opposite direction, also at FL370. The Legacy struck the Boeing about 30 feet and 2 feet to the left of the fuselage. Due to the speed at which both aircraft traveled, the Legacy’s winglet acted like a knife, slicing through the Boeing’s left wing about halfway out and severing the wing’s internal spar. On the cockpit voice recorder, the collision sequence sounded like a car crash. Instantly, the 737 twisted out of control, yawing and banking violently to the left and pitching straight down into a rotating vertical dive. The autopilot automatically disconnected and the bank angle warning activated. 

The pilots fought to regain control, and extended the landing gear to slow the dive. 22 seconds into the plunge, the airplane’s overspeed clacker activated as the aircraft passed it's maximum rated dive speed. As the aircraft continued to spin rapidly, uncontrollably, the aircraft's load reached 4 Gs. 45 seconds into the dive, the first officer shouted in response to the aircraft breaking apart. Seven seconds later, the Boeing broke into three parts, which plummeted into the forest below.

Passenger remains were found to be several inches deep in the dirt as a result of the impact forces.

Pilot-in-command of the Embraer, Captain Lepore, immediately declared an emergency to ATC, and took control. The aircraft landed safely at Cachimbo Airbase following careful flight.

Arrondissement of Le Vigan

The arrondissement of Le Vigan is an arrondissement of France, in the Gard department, Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Le Vigan.

When the Gard department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Le Vigan was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Le Vigan is the most western of the "arrondissements" of the Gard department. It is bordered to the north by the Lozère department, to the northeast by the Alès "arrondissement", to the southeast by the Nîmes "arrondissement", to the south by the Hérault department and to the west by the Aveyron department.

The "arrondissement" of Le Vigan is the second smallest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the one with fewest people living in it (36,608 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are only 4 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Le Vigan. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondiissements":

The "arrondissement" of Le Vigan has 75 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Nîmes

The arrondissement of Nîmes is an arrondissement of France, in the Gard department, Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Nîmes.

When the Gard department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Nîmes was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Nîmes is the most eastern of the "arrondissements" of the Gard department. It is bordered to the north by the Ardèche department, to the northeast by the Vaucluse department, to the east by the Bouches-du-Rhône department, to the south by the Mediterranean Sea, to the southwest by the Hérault department and to the west by the Le Vigan and the Alès "arrondissements".

The "arrondissement" of Nîmes is the largest "arrondissement" of the department, both in area, , and population (547,598 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 18 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Nîmes. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondiissements":

The "arrondissement" of Nîmes has 177 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Roy Innis

Roy Emile Alfredo Innis (June 6, 1934 – January 8, 2017) was an American activist and politician. He had been National Chairman of the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) since his election to the position in 1968.

Innis died on January 8, 2017 in his apartment in Manhattan, New York from complications of Parkinson's disease, aged 82.

Jovanka Nikolić

Jovanka Nikolić (16 December 1952 – 8 January 2017) was a Serbian author and poet.

She graduated from the College of Education (Physical Education) at the University of Novi Sad and the Faculty of Dramatic Arts in Belgrade (Organization of stage, cultural and artistic activities). She worked in the sport organization sector and was, for a long time, involved in designing sports choreography for public ceremonies at major sports and social events.

Nikolić died on 8 January 2017 in Novi Sad, Serbia, aged 64.

Buddy Greco

Armando "Buddy" Greco (August 14, 1926 – January 10, 2017) was an American jazz and pop singer, pianist and actor. He records, in several genres, have sold over one million records. He appeared often in the TV series "Away We Go" and had a role in the movie "The Girl Who Knew Too Much". He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Greco died on January 10, 2017 in Las Vegas, Nevada, aged 90.


Gardon

The Gardon or Gard is a river in southeastern France, in the Lozère and Gard departments in the Occitanie region. It is a right tributary of the Rhône river.

The Gard department is named after this river.

The Gardon river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Sanilhac-Sagriès in the Gard department.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Sanilhac-Sagriès
The Gardon (known here as "Gardon d'Anduze") starts in the Cévennes, southeastern Massif Central, in the "commune" of Saint-Martin-de-Lansuscle, Lozère department near "Prat Reboubalès", at an altitude of about .

The "Gardon d'Anduze" joins the Gardon d'Alès between the "communes" Cassagnoles and Vézénobres, at an altitude of about ; from here, the river is usually known simply as Gard.

The Gardon flows to the southeast, in general, and passes through the Lozère and Gard departments, in the Occitanie region, and a total of 37 "communes", most of them in the Gard department.

Finally, it flows, as a right tributary into the Rhône river near Comps at of altitude.

The main tributaries, with a length greater than 20 km, of the Gardon are:



Uta Ranke-Heinemann

Uta Ranke-Heinemann (2 October 1927 in Essen – 25 March 2021) was a German theologian, academic and author. She held the (nondenominational) chair of History of Religion at the University of Duisburg-Essen in Essen, her birthplace. Her father Gustav Heinemann was an SPD politician and president of Germany 1969–74.

Ranke-Heinemann died on 25 March 2021, aged 93.

Mir Hazar Khan Khoso

Justice (R) Mir Hazar Khan Khoso (Urdu, ) (30 September 1929 – 26 June 2021), was the caretaker Prime Minister of Pakistan, from 25 March 2013 to 5 June 2013. 

Khoso is a retired judge. He was the Chief Justice of the Federal Shariat Court. He was the interim Prime Minister ahead of the general elections scheduled in May 2013.

Khoso died on 26 June 2021 in Karachi from a heart attack at the age of 91.

Jamshid bin Abdullah of Zanzibar

Sayyid Jamshid bin Abdullah Al Said , () (born 16 September 1929 in Unguja) was the last Sultan of Zanzibar. He ruled Zanzibar from 1 July 1963 to 12 January 1964. 

On 10 December 1963, Zanzibar received its independence from the United Kingdom as a constitutional monarchy under Jamshid. This state of affairs was short lived and he was overthrown by the Zanzibar Revolution. 

He fled into exile firstly to Oman and then to the United Kingdom, where, as of 2012, he continues to live in Portsmouth with his wife and six children as the Head of the Zanzibari Royal Family and as the Sovereign of the Order of the Brilliant Star of Zanzibar and the Most Illustrious Order of Independence of Zanzibar. Secondly, he is married to Zuleika bin Abdullah Al Aufy.

Orbital revolution

Orbital revolution is the movement of a planet around a star, or a moon around a planet. For example, the Earth revolves around the Sun, and the Moon revolves about the Earth.

Planets and moons revolve in elliptical orbits. One orbital revolution of a planet takes one year, while a revolution of the Moon takes a month.

Astronomers usually use different words for the orbit of a planet around a star, and for the spin of a planet about its own axis. If an item is in orbit, it is "revolving", while the spin of a planet is called "rotating". The amount of time it takes for an object to revolve around the Sun is a year, and the amount of time it takes to revolve around its axis is one day. According to the Gregorian calendar, a year on Earth is equal to 365 days, with an extra day added every four years.

The amount of time it takes for an object to move around the sun is different for every object. For example, it takes the planet Mercury about 88 days to revolve around the sun, but it takes the dwarf planet Pluto over 248 years to revolve around the sun.

Adenan Satem

Adenan bin Satem (27 January 1944 – 11 January 2017) was a Malaysian politician. He was the fifth Chief Minister of Sarawak from 1 March 2014 until his death. He was born in Kuching, Sarawak when it was under Japanese rule during World War II.

Satem died from a heart attack on 11 January 2017 in Kota Samarahan, Sarawak. He was 72.

American Pit Bull Terrier

The American Pit Bull Terrier is a dog breed. It is a medium-sized, solidly-built, short-haired dog. Its early ancestors came from the British Isles. Originally they were bred for fighting. As early as the 13th century in Great Britain, blood sports were popular. These included bull-baiting and bear-baiting where dogs would fight against these larger animals to entertain the crowds. In the 1800s, when baiting became illegal, the dogs fought each other. Pit bulls are not always aggressive despite their bad reputation. Some owners describe them as clowns and goofballs. Depending on how they are raised and treated, they can make very good family pets.


Kerime Nadir

Kerime Nadir Azrak (5 February 1917 – 20 March 1984) was a Turkish writer. She was born in Istanbul, Turkey in 1917. She attended "Saint Joseph French High School for Girls" in Bebek, Istanbul. After starting to write poetry and stories. Her first works were published in magazines such as Servet-i Fünun, Uyanış and Yarımay magazines. Other writings were published in Aydabir, Yedigün, Hayat magazines. She wrote about 40 novels. Many became movies. She died in Istanbul on March 20, 1984.


Tekin Akmansoy

Tekin Akmansoy (born January 20, 1924, Saraykoy - died February 12, 2013) is a Turkish theater and cinema artist.

Tekin Akmansoy, who served in various theaters for many years, was one of the meddah traders.
Starting from 1974, Kayseri in the Kaynanalar Dizi has come to the forefront with the prospect of the awake businessman Nuri Kantar. This character has been portrayed in the movies of Kaynalar and Neutral Gantar family as well as the series for many years.
In the 1990s, her daughter Arzu Akmansoy directed and later returned to television with new series of Kaynanas, as well as series such as Görmeler. In 1998 he received the title of State Artist. Tahir revived the character of Pamukçuoğlu. Treatment with the diagnosis of pneumonia lost his life on February 12, 2013 in the hospital; He was buried next to his wife Meral Akmansoy, who died in 2002 at the Zincirlikuyu Cemetery, which was removed from the Teşvikiye Mosque on Thursday, February 14, 2013.




Cem Özer

Cem Özer (born October 5, 1959, Göksun, Kahramanmaraş) is a Turkish theater, cinema and serial player, server and writer.

The artist who created the Istanbul University Faculty of Law, later worked in communities such as the Dostlar Theater. He was recognized on television by the presentation of the program. He was a lucky competitor in the Dene competition. He has appeared in several motion picture films and series. Fashion designer Esin Maraşlıoğlu and actress Nurgül Yeşilçay were married.



Sırrı Gültekin

Sırrı Gültekin (born 27 July 1924, Bakırköy, Istanbul - died 7 February 2008, Istanbul), Turkish actor, film director, screenwriter, film producer.

Sırrı Gültekin, who started his art life in Bakırköy People's House in 1939, later entered the cadre of City Theater. After his acting career, he stepped into the cinema with the assistance of Sami Ayanoglu in 1949. Lütfi Akad, the artist was brought up by the influence, he played in a few films. Since 1954 he has been directing his own films, writing a script after 1957, and after 1963 he started producing. Up to 150 filings have been signed. Gültekin, who is a member of the Film Directors Association and presided over the Foundation of the Filmsan Foundation, has also directed series for TV.



Ekrem Bora

Ekrem Şerif Bora (born 7 March 1934, Ankara - died 1 April 2012, Istanbul) is a cinema and series player.

Although he was the first to participate in the competition of the cinema actress opened by Yıldız Magazine in 1953, he went to the military without translating the film. Although he was the first to participate in the competition of the cinema actress opened by Yıldız Magazine in 1953, he went to the military without translating the film. The transformation of military service translates the article (1956). The artist continued to play in motion picture films after two years, and despite continuing age, he continued to play in the series. Ekrem Bora, who was hospitalized on 8 March 2012 due to heart failure died on April 1, 2012.


Filiz Taçbaş

Filiz Taçbaş, (born 1964, Istanbul), Turkish cinema and drama player, former national tennis player.

When she was 10 years old, she went to the camera with Bilge Olgaç. After a long break, he continued to work on movies and series. The recognition of large audiences was made in 1992 by the headmen of the neighborhood. Taçbaş is a professional tennis player, a part of art life.
He got high points in 2007, entered the mill team, dressed in the form of a mill and writes articles about tennis in newspapers at the same time.


Osman Alyanak

Osman Alyanak (born 1916, Istanbul - died September 30, 1991 - Istanbul) is a Turkish play and voice actor.

Osman Alyanak, who has been playing football for a while in Galatasaray, started acting in operas in his art life. After short-time plays in some theatrical ensembles, he moved to camera in 1950 and played supporting roles in various movies and series. Over 150 artists were working in the production, and at the same time had worked on voice acting. Besides being known as "Oralet Osman" because of the commercial film he played for a while, "Tayyare Osman" was known in Yeşilçam. 


Güzin Özipek

Güzin Özipek (born March 11, 1925 - Istanbul, August 12, 2000 - Istanbul) Opera, cinema and theater artist.

In 1944, Cemal Reşit Rey and Ekrem Reşit Rey brothers started to work in the artistic circles of the Air Flight operation in İzmir. One year later, he was involved in operas such as Journeys, Sweet Hard, Zırdeliler, Yaman Well, Platin Palas, the wife of Judge, and served at Muammer Karaca theater.
He stayed in Karaca Theater until 1956. In 1952, he starred in Istanbul Stars with Muammer Karaca and stepped into the cinema.
Having spent 12 years in art life after marrying and placing in Bolu, the artist returned to the stage with the musical of Keşanlı Ali Destanı in Gülriz Sururi-Engin Cezzar Theater in 1965.
Guzin Özipek, who attracted Aydın Tezel's life, lived with his wife seven films and photoshops between 1969-1974. The artist, who played for 12 years in her role as Grandmother Leyla in her last episode of Ours, died at the age of 75 after being given the stage for 56 years.



Esra Akkaya

Esra Akkaya (born 1970, Istanbul), is a Turkish theater, cinema and series actress.

Esra Akkaya, known for his role as "Şirin" in the headman's section of the locality, was put into art life with Tevfik Gelenbe Theater in 1983. In 1988, she graduated from Mimar Sinan University State Conservatory and started her studies in Istanbul State Theater. She worked in Bakırköy Municipal Theater's "Free Sand Sand" and "Prometheus". She also worked in the Antalya State Theater and took part in various TV series and films outside the theater. Between 1999 and 2000, the actress was married to Yetkin Dikinciler.

The children's play "This is My Tale", which was written in 1994, was staged by the Mediterranean Cultures Foundation.


Ahmet Üstel

Ahmet Üstel (born 1930, Istanbul - died July 13, 1983, Istanbul) is a Turkish writer, producer and actor.

Ahmet Üstel, a graduate of Galatasaray High School, continued his education due to his interest in the writing of theater plays. She started acting life in acting on the Small Stage. Istanbul Theater and Kong Theater. He wrote many screenplay scenarios and radio scythe. After moving to cinema in 1952, he moved to writing altogether, leaving the actor after playing in a movie. In 1954 he founded his own production company called "Cobra". In 1957, he was the first director to experience directing, again working with the comedy genre.


Savaş Başar

Savaş Başar (15 June 1938 in Silifke – 21 August 1985 in Ankara) was a theater and movie actor, voice actor, director, screenwriter.

In 1959 Muhsin Ertuğrul noticed himself and his friends and was taken to the positions of the State Theater. Having played in all provinces of Turkey, Savaş Başar had a well-known, well-known structure that was widely known. Outside of the theater, he took and starred in important films such as Devlan Aşkı, İffet, Ugly World, and he was also very successful in the voice-over profession. Newly snakes and single poles of theater decorate the theater and the shapes are shaped. Commissioner Colombo and McCoy were very successful in vocalizing. He died at the age of 47 at the heart attack.



Yücel Erten

Yücel Erten (born 19 October 1945, Muş), is Turkish actor, director, art director, writer, translator.

Born in Muş in 1945, Erten had his primary and secondary education in Antalya and Ankara. In 1969 he graduated from Ankara State Conservatory Theater Department. He started as a trainee artist at the Ankara State Theater. 

In 1970, he went to Federal Germany to study at state universities and completed the Reji Department of the Essen Folkwang High School. At the same time, he finished his education in Interior-Costume interior specialization at school. 

During his studies in Germany; Züricher Schauspielhaus in Switzerland, Staatstheater Hannover in Germany, Stædtische Bühnen Essen and Bühne as assistant director and assistant director in 1964. In 1974 Erten returned to his home country, completing the "Folkwang Award" by playing a performance with his diploma.

From October 1992, Erten worked for 16 months in the State Teatroller as General Manager and Principal. He resigned with the General Directorate in order to implement electoral methods.


Zeyno Günenç

Zeyno Günenç (born June 22, 1967, İzmit) is a theater, cinema and serialist.

Zeyno Günenç graduated from Mimar Sinan University State Conservatory Theater Department. He worked in Bursa State Theater for three years. He resigned from this institution and went to Vancouver. Süheyl Uygur and Behzat Uygur brothers traveled to Turkey for a three-year tour of the game titled "Three Slakers". Famous with the character "Aunt Dominant Gonul" in the series named Çocuklar Duymasın ("Children's Hearing"). He married Okan Bayülgen and worked in the Tiyatrokare community. It was alleged that some of the morning program at TRT broke down due to pressures.


Alper Kul

Alper Kul (born 5 December 1975, Fatih, Istanbul), Turkish actor and writer.

Alper Kul was born on December 5, 1975 in Süleymaniye, Istanbul. His family is from Trabzon. Having completed his education at the Theater Department of the Indiana University after MSM, he acted in forms such as City Theaters, DOT, IUSB (USA), BKM. Various movies and series have appeared.

At the beginning of October 2, 2009, he played in the BKM for one season. His 2010 autographed son of Babamin played for three years in Turkey and Europe. He received the prize of the Year of the Year award with the AUT theater play staged for the first time in 2010. The theater play "Barcelo" written in 2011 was performed in the theater Ikincikat.

After the comedy theater program of 5'er Beşer started in 2011 at ATV, he made and played the similar project designs of the programs called "İnsanlar Alemi" and "Güldür Güldür" which started at Star TV and continued as the program alongside his wife Aylin Kontente.

He was cast in such as hit series "Kınalı Kar" and "Yılan Hikayesi". He had leading role in surreal period comedy series "Osmanlı Tokadı". He played as Temel in franchise comedy films "Sümela'nın Şifresi", "Moskova'nın Şifresi".

Münibe Millet

Münibe Millet (born January 23, 1980, Elazığ) is a cinema and theater actor, theater and dance instructor.

He began his education at the Pera Fine Arts Theater Department and took part in many plays in Theater Pera. He got his acting aducation from Mimar Sinan University. After finishing Modern Dance Department, Millet played in cinema, serials and commercials as well as the theater. At the same time she is a theater and dance instructor and voice actor.



François Van der Elst

François "Swat" Van der Elst (1 December 1954 – 11 January 2017) was a Belgian footballer. He played as a right winger. He played from 1971 to 1986. He played for Anderlecht, New York Cosmos, West Ham United and Lokeren. He was born in Opwijk, Flemish Brabant.

On 1 January 2017, Van der Elst was put in an induced coma because of heart failure. He died from cardiac arrest on 11 January 2017 in Aalst, East Flanders. He was 62.

List of caravanserais in Azerbaijan

This is a list of caravanserais in Azerbaijan.

Egyptian goose

The Egyptian goose ("Alopochen aegyptiacus") is a member of the duck, goose, and swan family, Anatidae. It lives in Africa, south of the Sahara and the Nile River Valley.

Egyptian geese were thought to be sacred by the people in Ancient Egypt. They appeared in much of their artwork. They have been raised for food and bred in parts of Africa since they were domesticated by the ancient Egyptians. Because of their popularity as an ornamental bird, they often escape. Small feral populations have become established in Western Europe.

St. Helier railway station

St Helier railway station opened in 1930. The only operator for the station is Thameslink. The station is in Fare Zone 4.

There are two platforms for this station. Platform 1 is for trains towards Luton. Platform 2 is for trains towards Sutton (Surrey).

This list shows the frequency of trains on typical off-peak hours.



London buses route 154 and S4 operates at this station.

This table shows the departures from this station with the calling points and the time that is taken to get to the end of the line.


Bothriospondylus

"Bothriospondylus" ('excavated vertebrae') is a genus of sauropodomorph dinosaur known from a handful of vertebrae. It lived during the Late Jurassic in England. It belongs to the family "Bothriospondylidae" that was coined by Richard Lydekker in 1885. The genus is based on the specimen BMNH R44529-5.

Richard Lydekker

Richard Lydekker (25 July 1849 – 16 April 1915) was an English paleontologist and mammalogist. He wrote a number books on natural history. He was a member of the Geological Survey of India. He later joined the British Museum of Natural History. He was responsible for creating their catalog on their vertebrate fossil collections.

Rubihorn

The Rubihorn is a mountain in Bavaria, Germany. It is tall and is to the east of Oberstdorf. With the Nebelhorn it makes part of the Daumen Group. On 9 July 1987 there was a rockfall on the north face. The remains can still be seen today.

Saeeduzzaman Siddiqui

Saeed Uz Zaman Siddiqui (1 December 1938 – 11 January 2017) (pronunciation 'sa'eed -uz- zam'an'; alternatively Saiduzzaman Siddiqui; was a Pakistani jurist and legislator. He served as the Chief Justice of Pakistan at the Supreme Court of Pakistan from November 11, 2016 until his death in 2017. 

He was the Chief Justice of Pakistan when the 1999 military coup d'état was staged by then-Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee and Chief of Army Staff General Pervez Musharraf.

Siddiqui died at the age of 78 on 11 January 2017 in Karachi.

Martin Brandtner

Martin L. Brandtner (3 July 1938 – 3 January 2017) was an American Marine Corps lieutenant general. He served as the Director for Operations for the Joint Staff until his retirement on 1 June 1993.

Brandtner died on 3 January 2017, at the age of 78, in Reno, Nevada. 

Bob McCullough

Robert "Bob" McCullough OAM (died 9 January 2017) was an Australian sport administrator in the area of disability sport. He was President of the Australian Paralympic Federation and the International Stoke Mandeville Wheelchair Sports Federation.

McCullough died in Australia on 9 January 2017.

David Shulkin

David Jonathon Shulkin (born June 22, 1959) is an American physician and politician. Shulkin was the 9th United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs from February 14, 2017 to March 28, 2018. He served as Under Secretary of Health for the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. He was nominated by President Barack Obama on March 18, 2015 and sworn in on July 6, 2015.

On January 11, 2017, President-elect Donald Trump announced that he will nominate Shulkin to serve as United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs.

Shulkin was born in Highland Park, Illinois. He was raised in Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania. He studied at Hampshire College and at Drexel University.

He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Beth Israel Medical Center in New York City. He also served as president of Morristown Medical Center and as vice president of Atlantic Health System Accountable Care Organization.

He has been Chief Medical Officer of the University of Pennsylvania Health System, the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, Temple University Hospital, and the Medical College of Pennsylvania Hospital.

On January 11, 2017, Shulkin was selected by President-elect Trump as Secretary of Veterans Affairs pending Senate confirmation. Shulkin resigned from a private sector position in 2015 to work in the Department of Veterans Affairs as the undersecretary of health.

On February 13, 2017, the Senate unanimously confirmed Shulkin as the U.S. Secretary of Veteran's Affairs with a 100-0 vote.

For President Trump's address to a Joint Session of Congress on February 28, 2017, Shulkin served as the designated survivor.

In September 2017, "The Washington Post" revealed that Shulkin spent nearly half his time on a recent international trip to Europe, covered by taxpayers, sightseeing and shopping with his wife, Merle Bari.

On March 28, 2018, President Trump fired Shulkin.

Shulkin is married to Merle Bari.


Warren Allen Smith

Warren Allen Smith (October 27, 1921 – January 9, 2017) was an American gay rights activist, writer and humanities humanist. 

In 1961, Smith started the Variety Recording Studio, a major independent company off Broadway, New York City, with his business partner and longtime companion Fernando Rodolfo de Jesus Vargas Zamora. Smith ran the company for almost thirty years (1961–90). In 1969, Smith participated in the Stonewall riots.

Smith was one of the signatories of the 1973 "Humanist Manifesto II" as well as the Humanist Manifesto III in 2003.

Smith died on January 9, 2017 at the age of 95.

Takobeya (Japanese bureaucrats)

Takobeya is a room. When Japanese bureaucrats make a new law, they establish a takobeya. In general, 5-6 bureaucrats are gathered in takobeya to make a new law. Mainly a takobeya is changed from a conference room in the buildings of central government ministries.

Originally, takobeya means an accommodation hut for harsh labors at construction sites in the Meiji period. The work of bureaucrats in takobeya for laws are so harsh that bureaucrats call their room "Takobeya".

Manlio Rocchetti

Manlio Rocchetti (28 November 1943 – 10 January 2017) was an Italian makeup artist. He won an Academy Award at the 1989 Academy Awards for Best Makeup for the movie "Driving Miss Daisy," which he shared with Lynn Barber and Kevin Haney.

His career started in 1960 and he has continued working on makeup with most recently in 2012. He often works with Martin Scorsese.

He also won an Emmy for the makeup in "Lonesome Dove".

Tommy Allsup

Thomas Douglas Allsup (November 24, 1931 – January 11, 2017) was an American rockabilly and country swing guitarist.

Allsup was born near Owasso, Oklahoma in 1931. He was an enrolled member of the Cherokee Nation.

He worked with entertainers such as Buddy Holly and Bob Wills & His Texas Playboys. Allsup was touring with Holly, Ritchie Valens and J.P. "The Big Bopper" Richardson when he lost a fateful coin toss with Valens for a seat on the plane that crashed, killing Valens, Holly and Richardson on February 3, 1959.

Allsup died on January 11, 2017 at his home in Springfield, Missouri of complications from hernia surgery. He was 85 years old.


Kenny Wharram

Kenneth Malcolm Wharram (July 2, 1933 – January 10, 2017) was a retired professional ice hockey right winger who played 14 seasons in the National Hockey League. He played for the Chicago Black Hawks from 1951 through 1952 and again from 1958 until he retired in 1969. He won a Stanley Cup in 1961. He was born in North Bay, Ontario.

Wharram died on January 10, 2017 from heart failure in North Bay, Ontario, aged 83.

Jean-Jacques Annaud

Jean-Jacques Annaud (born 1 October 1943) is a French movie director, screenwriter and producer. He is best known for directing "Quest for Fire" (1981), "The Name of the Rose" (1986), "The Lover" (1991), and "Seven Years in Tibet" (1997). 

Annaud has received many awards for his work, including four César Awards, one David di Donatello Award, and one National Academy of Cinema Award. Annaud's first movie, "Black and White in Color" (1976), received an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.

Mont Aigoual

Mont Aigoual () is a French mountain in the Cévennes, a southern part of the Massif Central in the Occitanie region. It is on the border of the Lozère and Gard departments and is the highest mountain of Gard.

When the sky is clear, it is possible to see the Mediterranean Sea, the Pyrenees, and also the Alps and Mont Blanc in particular.

The word "Aigoual" appears with different meanings: "ad stratam Aigoaldi" in 1228 refers to a route, "marcha Algoaldi" in 1238 names the limits of a territory, and "mons Aigoaldi" in 1249 is the name of the mountain. It seems that Aigoual comes from the word "Algwarld", the name of a person in the region.

Mont Aigoual has an elevation of and is the highest mountain in the Gard department and the second in the Lozère department and in the Cévennes mountains after Mont Lozère that is high. Mont Aigoual is within the "Cévennes National Park" ().

The summit of Mont Aigoual is on plateau with an altitude more than high and with an area of about in the "communes" Valleraugue (Gard) et Bassurels (Lozère). The watershed across the plateau divides the drainage basin in two: the Atlantic to the north and the Mediterranean to the south.

On its southern slopes is the source of the Hérault river, that flows to the south into the Mediterranean Sea.

The mountain is formed by granite from the Palaeozoic era.

On top of the mountain there is a meteorological station built in 1887. It is the last remaining weather station in France which is still inhabited by meteorologists. An exhibition on weather forecasting is open to visitors in the summer months.

Mont Aigoual has an oceanic climate (Cfc), bordering to a subartic (Dfc) (highland) climate.

A well-known hiking route is the "Climbing of the 4,000 steps" that begins in Valleraugue and ends in the weather station.

The ski station (a place where people go to practice skiing) of Prat Peyrot is on the sides of the Aigoual. It is the biggest ski station of the Cévennes.


Stanley Russ

Otis Stanley Russ (August 31, 1930 – January 5, 2017) was an American politician. He served as a member of the Arkansas Senate from the 21st (later 30th) district from January 1975 to January 2001. He also served as President pro tempore of the Senate from 1995 to 1997.

Russ was born in Conway, Arkansas. He married Nina Benton in 1951. They had two children, and she died in 2005.

Russ died from acute myeloid leukemia on January 5, 2017 in Conway. He was 86.

Russell Trood

Russell Brunell Trood (5 December 1948 – 9 January 2017) was an Australian politician. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He served as a Senator for Queensland from 1 July 2005 until 30 June 2011. He later served as the National President of the United Nations Association of Australia from 2012 to 2016. He was born in Melbourne, Victoria.

Trood died from thyroid cancer on 9 January 2017 in Brisbane, Queensland. He was 68.

Mark Andrews

Mark Andrews (May 19, 1926 – October 3, 2020) was an American politician from the state of North Dakota. He was a member of the United States Republican Party.

During the 1950s he began to enter politics, serving on farmers' organizations and Republican committees. In 1962, Andrews ran for Governor of North Dakota, losing to incumbent William L. Guy by just 2,000 votes out of over 228,500 cast. He ran for one of North Dakota's seats in the United States Senate which was being vacated by the long-serving Republican Milton Young who announced that he would not run for reelection and retire after the election. Andrews won the election with 70% of the vote and served in the Senate for one term, from 1981 to 1987.

Andrews was defeated for re-election in 1986 by Democratic-NPL Tax Commissioner Kent Conrad by a mere 2,120 votes in what is still considered an upset.

Andrews was born in Cass County, North Dakota. He studied at North Dakota State University. Andrews died on October 3, 2020 in Fargo, North Dakota at the age of 94.

Roger Angell

Roger Angell (September 19, 1920 – May 20, 2022) was an American essayist. He was known for his writing on sports, especially baseball. He was a regular contributor to "The New Yorker" and was its chief fiction editor for many years. He wrote many works of fiction, non-fiction, and criticism, and for many years wrote an annual Christmas poem for "The New Yorker".

He received awards for his writing, including the George Polk Award for Commentary in 1980, the "Kenyon Review" Award for Literary Achievement in 2005 along with Umberto Eco, and the inaugural PEN/ESPN Lifetime Achievement Award for Literary Sports Writing in 2011.

He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2007 and was a long-time ex-officio member of the council of the Authors Guild.

Angell died of congestive heart failure on May 20, 2022 at his apartment in New York City, aged 101.

Douglas Wass

Sir Douglas William Gretton Wass (15 April 1923 – 4 January 2017) was a British civil servant. He served as Permanent Secretary to HM Treasury from 1974 to 1983. Wass was Permanent Secretary to HM Treasury from 1974 to 1983 and served as joint head of the civil service in 1981.

He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in 1971, elevated to Knight Commander (KCB) in 1975 and further elevated to Knight Grand Cross (GCB) in 1980. In 1985, he was awarded an Honorary Degree (Doctor of Letters) by the University of Bath.

In 1983, the BBC invited Sir Douglas to present the annual Reith Lectures. In a series of six lectures titled Government and the Governed, he examined the role and responsibilities of government.

Wass died on 4 January 2017 in London at the age of 93.

Tony Rosato

Antonio "Tony" Rosato (December 26, 1954 – January 10, 2017) was an Italian-born Canadian actor, voice actor and comedian. He was best known for his work on "Second City Television" (1980-1984) and "Night Heat". He had voice roles in "Sailor Moon", "Franklin", "George Shrinks", "Atomic Betty" and the video game "" (1999).

Rosato was born in Naples. He moved to Canada at the age of four. He grew up in the cities of Halifax, Ottawa and Toronto.

Rosato died from a heart attack on January 10, 2017 in Toronto, Ontario. He was 62.

Gavin Whittaker

Gavin Whittaker (13 January 1970 – 6 January 2017) was an Australian professional rugby league player. He played as in the front row during the 1990s. He played for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs, the Gold Coast Chargers and the Western Suburbs Magpies. He retired in 1998. He was born in Pittsworth, Queensland.

Whittaker died from stomach cancer on 6 January 2017 at his home in Parkwood, Queensland. He was 46, and would of turned 47th a week after his death.


Allgäu Alps

The Allgäu Alps are a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps. They are located in Bavaria in Germany, and Tyrol and Vorarlberg in Austria. The range is directly east of Lake Constance. 

There are relatively high levels of rain and it is the rainiest place in Germany. While there are some permanent snowfields, there are no glaciers. Most mountains have grassy faces on one side, and sheer cliffs on the other. Further south the mountains begin to look Dolomite, as they have crevices and gullies. The main river in the region is the Iller, which splits the mountains in half. The high peaks are all on the east of the Iller. On the west they are usually not taller than 2200m. Many activities occur in them, including hiking and skiing.

The highest peaks of the Allgäu Alps are either on Austrian soil or on the Austro-German border.

Lucina da Costa Gomez-Matheeuws

Lucina Elena da Costa Gomez-Matheeuws (5 April 1929 – 7 January 2017) was a Dutch Antillean politician for the National People's Party (PNP). She served as the Prime Minister of the Netherlands Antilles, an office her husband Moises Frumencio da Costa Gomez previously held, briefly in 1977. She was also the first female to hold the office. Prior to this, she was the Minister of Health and Environment, Welfare, Youth, Sports, Culture and Recreation (1970–1977).

Costa Gomez-Matheeuws died on 7 January 2017 in Willemstad, Curaçao at the age of 87.

Großer Krottenkopf

The Großer Krottenkopf is the highest mountain in the Allgäu Alps. It is in Austria and is tall. It is part of the Hornbach chain, which runs along the main branch of the Allgäu Alps for 15 km eastwards. There are several routes to climb it from different directions.

Tony Booth (artist)

Anthony "Tony" Booth (22 June 1933 – 11 January 2017) was a British artist. He was best known as the original poster artist for The Beatles and other bands in the Merseybeat era. He also worked with The Cavern Club. He was known as Brian Epstein's "right-hand man" in the 1960s in Liverpool. He was born in Merseyside and grew up in Moreton.

Booth died from cancer on 11 January 2017 in Upton, Merseyside, aged 83.

Party for Freedom

The Party for Freedom, Dutch: "Partij voor de Vrijheid" (shortened "PVV"), is a right-wing political party in the Netherlands.

Party leader, founder and only member is Geert Wilders.

The party was founded on 22 February 2006. In the 2006 Dutch general election, PVV won 6 seats in the House of Representatives with 579,490 votes. In the 2010 elections, PVV won 24 seats with 1,435,349 votes. In the 2012 elections, PVV won 15 seats with 950,263 votes. In the 2017 elections, the PVV won 20 seats (+5) with 1,372,941 votes. In the 2021 elections they have won 17 seats (-3).

PVV is Eurosceptic, meaning they are against the European Union. They are also openly very critical of Islam. Economically, the party supports economic liberalism and wants to lower taxes. It is also a populist party.

The PVV gained a great amount of popularity in 2017, coming second in the election.


Anthony King (professor)

Anthony Stephen "Tony" King (17 November 1934 – 12 January 2017) was a Canadian-born British professor of government, psephologist and commentator. He was best known for his work at the University of Essex. He was considered a leading expert of democracy. He was also the BBC television analyst on election night from 1983 to 2005. He moved to the United Kingdom in the 1950s.

King died on 12 January 2017 at the age of 82.


Claudia Poll

Claudia Maria Poll Ahrens (born 21 December 1972 in Managua) is a Costa Rican swimmer of German descent.

She competes in the 200 m to 800 m freestyle swimming. 

At the 1996 Summer Olympics she won a gold medal in the 200 meter freestyle.

She is the only gold-medalist Costa Rica ever had.

At the 2000 Summer Olympics she won two bronze medals, in the 200 meter and 400 meter freestyle.

Claudia Poll began swimming in 1979 under coach Francisco Rivas.

No article about Claudia Poll can be complete without mentioning mentioning that she has tested positive for an illegal, performance-enhancing steroid and was suspended from competition for four years, according to an announcement this afternoon by the International Amateur Swimming Federation (FINA) in Lausanne, Switzerland. 6 June 2002"

Ironically, Poll's older sister, Sylvia, was a silver medalist at the 1988 Olympics in Seoul, beaten to the wall by East Germany's Heike Friedrich. After the collapse of Communism, East German Secret police (Stasi) files revealed that Friedrich — along with all other East German Olympic swimmers — had systematically been doped as a matter of national policy.


Silvia Poll

Sylvia Poll Ahrens (born September 24, 1970 in Managua) is a Costa Rican swimmer of German descent.

She is a backstroker and freestyle swimmer.

At the 1988 Summer Olympics she won a silver medal in the 200 meter freestyle. It was the first medal for a Costa Rican athlete.


Yelko Gómez

Yelko Gómez (born March 9, 1989 in Chiriquí Province) is a Panamanian cyclist.

He has been riding for Hyundai-Momi-Continental since 2015.

In 2014 and 2015 he won the National Time Trial Championships.

Igloofest

Igloofest is a yearly music festival. It is held outside in Montreal, Canada at the Old Port of Montreal. It began in January 2007 with about 4,000 people attending. In 2012 about 70,000 people attended.


Graham Taylor

Graham Taylor (15 September 1944 – 12 January 2017) was a British football manager and player. He was the chairman of Watford Football Club. He was the manager of the England national football team from 1990 to 1993. He also managed Lincoln City, Watford, Aston Villa and Wolverhampton Wanderers. He played for Lincoln City and Grimsby Town between 1962 and 1972.

Taylor was born in Worksop, Nottinghamshire. He married Rita Cowling in 1965. They had two daughters.

Taylor died from a heart attack on 12 January 2017 in Kings Langley, Hertfordshire. He was 72.




Dash

The dash is a punctuation mark that is usually written in the middle of a line of text. A hyphen is sometimes called a dash, but it is used differently.

Dashes are used to add more drama to writing. The two main forms of dashes are:


Hohes Licht

The Hohes Licht is a mountain in the Allgäu Alps. It is high. It is the second highest in the Allgäu range after the Großer Krottenkopf. The summit is in Tyrol, Austria.

Hohes Licht is 14km south of Oberstdorf. It was first climbed in 1854, and a "survey signal" was left on top for triangulation. On 6 August 1869 it was first climbed for leisure purposes by Hermann von Barth. When he arrived the signal was still there.

Oil refining

Oil refining is the name for a number of processes from chemical engineering, which transform crude oil into useful products such as different fuel oils, Liquefied petroleum gas, gasoline, kerosene or diesel oil. These transformation occur in plants called petroleum refineries. The transformations are done in many steps. The refineries are large industrial complexes, that have many different sub-units, and facilities. Each refinery has its own unique arrangement and combination of refining processes. The exact setup of the refinery is largely determined by the its location, desired products and economic considerations.

Modern petroleum refineries process as much as 800,000 to 900,000 barrels (127,000 to 143,000 cubic meters) per day of crude oil.

Barbary

From about the 16th to the 19th century, barbary was a name for a region in North Africa, from Egypt to the Atlantic, and from the Mediterranean to the Sahara. The states were called barbary states or berbery states, after the people of the Berbers, who lived there. The coastal regions were commonly called barbary coast.

During the era of Colonialism, names were introduced or re-used, to split this area into single states: Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, and Libya.

Today, this region is commonly called Maghreb.

New Braunfels, Texas

New Braunfels ( ) is a city in Comal and Guadalupe counties in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the seat of Comal County. New Braunfels is a principal city of the San Antonio–New Braunfels metropolitan statistical area. The city's population was 90,403 at the 2020 census.

New Braunfels is northeast of downtown San Antonio. It is southwest of San Marcos, and southwest of Austin.

New Braunfels was established in 1845 by Prince Carl of Solms-Braunfels. Prince Solms named the settlement in honor of his home in Solms-Braunfels, Germany. The city has a strong German influence. This is seen in the downtown area architecture. The city uses ZIP codes 78130–78133 and telephone area code (830).


Brian Fletcher

Brian Fletcher (18 May 1947 – 11 January 2017) was an English Jockey. He was born in Cockfield, County Durham. 

He was known for riding the horse Red Rum to win the Grand National in 1973 and 1974 and for second place in 1975. He first won the Grand National at the age of 20, in 1968 riding Red Alligator. He retired in 1976 with a head injury. Fletcher is one of the only jockey to have won the Grand National three times. He won the Scottish National in 1974. His record winning time on Red Rum in the 1973 Grand National was to stand for 17 years till beaten by Mr Frisk ridden by Marcus Armytage. 

Fletcher died on 11 January 2017 in England, aged 69.


Partisan

A partisan is an armed fighter, who is not part of the regular troops of a country or state. The term comes from Italian, where it meant member of a political party. There is no separate legal status for partisans in international law. The law of war uses four criteria to legally define someone as a prisoner of war, if the person is captured:
In 1977, there were two additional protocols: They clarified that it is sufficient to carry the weapons openly only on some occasions, to be titled armed combatant.

Nikolay Neprimerov

Nikolay Neprimerov (1 May 1921 – 11 January 2017) was a Doctor of Technical Sciences and professor of physics at the Kazan State University. Neprimerov was Head of the Department of Radioelectronics of the Kazan University for 32 years and is author of more than 150 scientific papers and 9 monographs. 

He also authored a book about the everyday life of military pilots during World War II. He was awarded numerous honours and medals. Neprimerov dedicated more than 40 years to and is internationally known for physical research in oil recovery.

One-Two-GO Airlines Flight 269

One-Two-GO Airlines Flight 269 (OG269), on September 16, 2007, a McDonnell Douglas MD-82 crashed after an aborted landing. It hit an embankment next to runway 27 at Phuket International Airport. The aircraft burst into flames on impact at about 3:45pm. The crash killed 89 of the 130 persons on board. OG269 was a scheduled domestic passenger flight from Bangkok to Phuket, Thailand.

A two-year investigation by the NTSB resulted in a report. It was based in part on the crash report published by the Aircraft Accident Investigation Committee of the Ministry of Transport. The probable cause of the accident was determined to be crew error.

Giulio Angioni

Giulio Angioni (28 October 1939 – 12 January 2017) was an Italian writer and anthropologist. He was known for his works "" and "Assandira" . He was born in Guasila, Sardinia.

Angioni died on 12 January 2017 in Cagliari, Sardinia, aged 77.


Central Department

Central () is a department in Paraguay. The capital is the city of Areguá. Its code is PY-11.

The department has 2,297,739 inhabitants. That is more than any other department of Paraguay. The department is also the smallest of all the departments.

The Central Department, known as “Comarca Asuncena”, was the most populated country region in old times.

The towns of this department had different origin. Domingo Martínez de Irala started the towns of Itá, Ypané and Areguá in 1538 and 1539. Villeta was founded by the governor Juan Gregorio Bazán de Pedraza in 1714. Other towns were founded around chapels.

The towns of Nueva Italia, Colonia Thompson and Villa Elisa were already established as agricultural settlements in the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century. These were mainly settled by immigrants.

The Central department is in the central western part of the "Oriental" region. It is on the southern border of the "Western" region. It surrounds the capital, Asunción.

The department has an area of . That is of the area of Paraguay. Its estimated population in 2013 was 2,297,739. That gave a population density of inhabitants per square kilometre.

The Central department is relatively flat. It has only small hills. It has several rivers, as the Paraguay river, and streams flow through it. The Ypacaraí and Ypoá lakes are on the borders of the department.


The department is divided in 19 districts:

Industries include the processing of food, furniture, clothing, pharmaceutical production, metallurgic, plastic and ceramics. The city of Villeta has a large number of industries. Central is the second biggest economy of Paraguay.

The Central Department has many attractions for tourism. Among the most famous natural resources at an international level, is the Lago Ypacaraí. This lake is a very important natural attraction and the town of Areguá. The capital of the department is located on the banks of this lake



Jim Bunning

James Paul David "Jim" Bunning (October 23, 1931 – May 26, 2017) was an American former Major League Baseball pitcher and politician.

Bunning played as a pitcher in the Major League Baseball. In his career, he played for the Detroit Tigers (1955–1963), the Philadelphia Phillies (1964–1967; 1970–1971), the Pittsburgh Pirates (1968–1969) and the Los Angeles Dodgers (1969). He retired from baseball in 1971.

Bunning served in the United States House of Representatives from January 3, 1987 through January 3, 1999. He was a member of the Republican Party. Bunning served in the United States Senate from January 3, 1999 through January 3, 2011 after retiring.

Bunning was 67 years old when he entered U.S. Senate. Among the bills that Bunning sponsored is the Bunning-Bereuter-Blumenauer Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004. Bunning was also the only member of the United States Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs to have opposed Ben Bernanke for Chief of the Federal Reserve.

In the 2010 Senate election, Bunning said he would not run and later supported then-eye doctor Rand Paul. Paul won the election with 56% of the vote.

Bunning was born in Southgate, Kentucky. He studied at St. Xavier High School in Cincinnati, Ohio and later at Xavier University where he got a Bachelor's degree.

During his baseball career, he pitched from 1955 to 1971, most notably with the Detroit Tigers and the Philadelphia Phillies. In 1959, the right-hander struck out the side, throwing the minimum nine pitches as a reliever in the top of the ninth inning of Detroit's 5–4 loss to Boston at Briggs Stadium. Sammy White, Jim Mahoney and Ike Delock were the victims of his inning.

When Bunning retired, he had the second-highest total of career strikeouts in Major League history; he currently ranks 17th.

As a member of the Phillies, Bunning pitched the seventh perfect game in Major League Baseball history on Father's Day Sunday, June 21, 1964, against the New York Mets. He was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in 1996.

After retiring from baseball, Bunning returned to his native northern Kentucky and was elected to the city council, then the state senate, in which he served as minority leader.

In 1986, Bunning was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives from Kentucky's 4th congressional district, and served in the House from 1987 to 1999. He was elected to the United States Senate from Kentucky in 1998 and served two terms as the Republican junior U.S. Senator.

Bunning reportedly blocked the move to restore public access to the records of past United States Presidents which had been removed under Executive Order 13233.

A September 2009 statewide opinion poll said Bunning had a 35% approval rating, with 55% disapproving of his performance.

In July 2009, he announced that he would not run for re-election in 2010. Bunning gave his farewell speech to the Senate on December 9, 2010, and was succeeded by Rand Paul on January 3, 2011.

In 1952, Bunning married his wife Mary Catherine Theis. They had five daughters and four sons together. He lived in his hometown in Southgate, Kentucky.

Bunning died at a Fort Thomas, Kentucky hospital on the night of May 26, 2017 at the age of 85 following a stoke he suffered in October 2016.



Meir Banai

Meir Banai (‎; 5 July 1961 – 12 January 2017) was an Israeli musician, singer, and songwriter. He was a pop, rock and soul musician. He released ten albums, starting in 1984. He was best known his 2007 album "Shma Koli", which had traditional Jewish texts and prayers in the music. He was born in Beersheba.

Banai died from cancer on 12 January 2017 in Ganot. He was 55.

2010 Dutch general election

The 2010 Dutch general election to elect the members of the House of Representatives was held on 9 June 2010.

The conservative liberal People's Party for Freedom and Democracy won the most seats. Mark Rutte became the prime minister shortly after the election. The Christian Democratic Appeal lost the most seats in this election, while the Party for Freedom won the most.



Venkateswara Temple, Tirumala

Sri Venkateswara Swamy Temple is one of the most popular and most visited Vaishnavite temple in India. It is in the hills of Tirumala at the city of Tirupati in Chitoor District of Andhra Pradesh.This temple is dedicated to Lord Venkateswara, an avatar of Vishnu. This lord is also called by the names: Balaji, Govinda, Srinivasa, and Venkatajalapati. It was built around the year 300. 

The Tirumala Venkateswara Temple is on the Venkatadri hill, which is one of the seven hills of the Seshadri hills range. This is why the temple is called Temple of Seven Hills. Tirumala Venkateswara Temple is the second richest temple in the world after the Padmanabhaswamy Temple, Thiruvananthapuram.

The temple is daily visited by about 50,000 to 100,000 devotees. On Special days like Brahmotsava, Tirumala Temple is visited by more than 500,000 devotees making the temple the most-visited holy place in the world.

Christian Democratic Appeal

The Christian Democratic Appeal, (shortened "CDA"), is a political party in the Netherlands. It was the merger of three major former political parties: Anti-Revolutionary Party (ARP), Christian Historical Union (CHU) and Catholic People's Party (KVP).

The party was established on 11 October 1980. From 1982 to 2006, the party was very popular in the Netherlands. Their support was strongest in the 1986, 1989, 2002, 2003 and 2006 elections. In the 2010 elections, they lost 20 seats and received less than half of the votes from the previous election. In the 2012 elections, they received 801,620 and lost 8 more seats. In the 2017 elections they won 19 seats (+6), and in the 2021 elections 15 (-4).

The party supports Christian democracy. The party can also have Jewish, Muslim and Hindu members of parliament. The party heavily supports the European Union and environmentalism. They call themselves a moderate party, but they have been in an alliance with the centre-right People's Party for Freedom and Democracy. The CDA believes that the toleration of "soft drugs" like marijuana should stop, and practices like abortion and prostitution should be limited. They also want a more friendly and open immigration policy. However, they do want immigrants to integrate into Dutch culture.

On 12 June 2021, MP Pieter Omtzigt left the CDA and has become an independent politician.



Democrats 66

Democrats 66, , official name: "Politieke Partij Democraten 66" (shortened "D66"), is a political party in the Netherlands. They are a social liberal party.

The party was formed on 14 October 1966 by a group of young academics led by Hans van Mierlo. The party had their most success in the 1994 election, where they won 24 out of 150 seats. In the 2010 elections, they received 654,167 votes and won 10 seats. In the 2012 elections they received 757,091 votes and won 12 seats. In the 2017 elections they won 19 seats (+7), and in the 2021 election 24 (+5).

D66 is very supportive of the European Union. They historically supported the legalization of gay marriage, prostitution, and euthanasia. The party supports environmentalism and wants a mixed economy. D66 wants tax-cuts for the lower and middle classes. They also want direct democracy.



Euroscepticism

Euroscepticism is the criticism of the European Union (EU). Some observers also say that the total rejection of the EU is euroscepticism. Euroscepticism should not be confused with Anti-Europeanism, which is the dislike or fear of European culture and/or people.

Eurosceptics says that the European Union weakens the nation state. They also say that the European Union is too bureaucratic (meaning that important decisions are made by officials who aren't elected). In 2016, the countries with the most unfavourable view of the EU were Greece, France, Spain and the United Kingdom.

The rise of right-wing populist parties in Europe have been contributed to their Eurosceptic views. On 23 June 2016, the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union with 52% voting to leave.

In November 2015, a poll showed that those with a positive image of the EU went down from 52% in 2007 to 37%. Distrust of the EU was highest in Greece (81%), Cyprus (72%), Austria (65%), France (65%) Germany (63%), the United Kingdom (63%) and the Czech Republic (63%).

Some major Eurosceptic parties are shown below (organized by country):

Sweden Democrats

The Sweden Democrats (Swedish: "Sverigedemokraterna", SD) is a political party in Sweden.

The party was founded on 6 February 1988. In the 1988 Swedish general election, they only received 1,118 votes. However, their support has been slowly increasing since. In 2018, they received 1,135,627 votes and won 62 out of 349 seats in the Riksdag.

Other political parties in Sweden refuse to cooperate with the SD.

The Sweden Democrats mainly believe in social conservatism and nationalism. They believe that the current immigration policies in Sweden have failed. They also to make it harder for people to become citizens. According to the SD, a person who wants to become a citizen should: live in Sweden for 10 years, show that they are not criminals, be fluent in Swedish and know Swedish history.

The SD wants to ban abortion after 12 weeks unless the mother's life is in danger. They want a restrictive policy towards drugs and alcohol. They are Eurosceptic, meaning they are critical of the European Union. They awknowledge that LGBT people do not chose their sexuality, and believe that discrimination towards them should be illegal. The SD wants to bring back the conscription (meaning the government forces people to join the armed forces). They are supportive of nuclear power. They are against the death penalty.


Ari Rath

Ari Rath (‎; 6 January 1925 – 13 January 2017) was an Austrian-Israeli journalist and writer. He was born and grew up in Vienna. After the "Anschluss", Rath, who was Jewish, came through a Kindertransport as a thirteen-year-old boy to Palestine. In 1975, he became an editor for "The Jerusalem Post". Later, in 1979, he became the chief editor. In 1989, he left "The Jerusalem Post", and taught at the University of Potsdam. He supported a peaceful bringing together of Israel and Palestine.

Rath died on 13 January 2017 in Vienna at the age of 92.

Alexandra Föderl-Schmid

Alexandra Föderl-Schmid (born 30 January 1971) is an Austrian journalist. She has been the chief editor of the newspaper "Der Standard" since 2007. She began working at the newspaper in 1990. She has been the newspaper's Germany on-the-scene reporter and Brussels-based European Union on-the-scene reporter.

Föderl-Schmid was born in Haslach an der Mühl, Upper Austria. She studied at the University of Salzburg.

Palakkad

Palakkad is a city in the state of Kerala, India. It is the administrative capital of Palakkad District. Palakkad has the seventh most people in Kerala. Malayalam is the most spoken language in Palakkad city.

Palakkad had 130,955 people as of the 2011 Census of India. The literacy rate of the city is 94.20%. The metro area of Palakkad has 293,566 people.

Tourist places in Palakkad include:

Irfan Pathan

Irfan Khan Pathan is an Indian cricketer from Gujarat. He is a left arm fast bowler and left handed batsman. He started with the India national cricket team in the Border–Gavaskar Trophy. Pathan was the first person to take a hat-trick in the first over. He did this achievement against Pakistan at Karachi.

Irfan Pathan was born on 27 October 1984 in what is now Vadodara. His older brother is Yusuf Pathan. He is also a cricketer who played for the National Team of India. 

Irfan's top score in Test cricket: 102 out. Total wicket:100. ODI Top Score:83 out. Total wicket:173. 

Anton Nanut

Anton Nanut (13 September 1932 – 13 January 2017) was a Slovenian conductor of classical music. From 1981 to 1999, he served as the chief conductor of the RTV Slovenia Symphony Orchestra. He was a professor of conducting at the Academy of Music in Ljubljana. He also had worked with over 200 orchestras and had made over 200 recordings with many labels. He also worked with Milenko Stefanovic. He was born in Kanal ob Soči.

Nanut died after a long illness on 13 January 2017 in Šempeter pri Gorici. He was 84.

Oude IJsselstreek

Oude IJsselstreek is a municipality in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. About 39,000 people were living there in 2021.

The western part of Oude IJsselstreek lies in the Liemers region, the eastern part in the Achterhoek region. It borders Germany.

Oude IJsselstreek was created from the former municipalities of Gendringen and Wisch on 1 January 2005. It is named after the Oude IJssel river.


Aa en Hunze

Aa en Hunze is a municipality of the province of Drenthe, the Netherlands. In 2016 about 25,000 people were living in this municipality.

Aa en Hunze lies in the northeastern part of Drenthe.

Aa en Hunze was established in 1998 by combining the municipalities of Anloo, Gasselte, Gieten, and Rolde.


Tracer

Tracer is a fictional video game character from "Overwatch". She first appeared in an update for the game "Heroes of the Storm". She later appeared in the 2016 video game, "Overwatch". These games are made by Blizzard Entertainment, a company that makes and publishes video games.

In "Overwatch", the character is known as Tracer, but her real name is Lena Oxton. Her personality is noticeably happy and energetic. She is known as one of the faster characters in the game, but also one with low health. In the game, she is able to teleport and time travel, with her abilities "Blink" and "Recall". She is an "Offense" hero commonly used to flank or distract the enemy team. Her Ultimate Ability, "Pulse Bomb" is commonly used to eliminate high priority targets in a small area, it can also stick to enemies and eliminate others nearby, Tracer herself can also be damaged by this if she is too close. 

In the real world, she is one of the more well known characters from "Overwatch". This is because she is seen on the cover of the video game and Blizzard has made animated videos featuring her.

Tracer was first seen in 2014 at Blizzard Entertainment's "BlizzCon 2014" event. The main designer on "Overwatch", Scott Mercer, said that Blizzard's canceled project, "Titan", had a character with Tracer's abilities. Jeff Kaplan was the main hero designer for "Overwatch"; he had a big part in Tracer's design. While the game was still being designed and tested, or its "beta" period, Tracer's health was lowered. 

Her personality was designed as heroic and happy. "Overwatch" game designer Michael Chu said, "the thing about Tracer is that she has a personality which is out of the norm for most people. She is incredibly optimistic, she is incredibly bubbly - it's part of her hero persona. We love her, I think she is very much one of the main characters of the game [...] [to] really carry the torch of what the game is all about: heroism." She is British and the British actress Cara Theobold voices her in the game.

While the game was still being designed, victory poses were added to the characters. Tracer's "Over the Shoulder" victory pose caused a controversy, because some players thought that the pose's focus on her physical features did not line up with her personality traits. Some players disagreed with this, finding nothing wrong with it, but Jeff Kaplan, the director of "Overwatch" apologized for the pose. Blizzard then changed the victory pose to better fit Tracer's personality, and while some players were happy with the change, as well as with Blizzard listening to the game's community, other players thought that the game's makers were giving up their creative control to offended players.

Noordoostpolder

Noordoostpolder is a municipality of Flevoland, the Netherlands, and a former municipality of Overijssel. In 2016 about 47,000 people were living in Noordoostpolder.


Dronten

Dronten is a municipality of Flevoland, the Netherlands. 

In 2016 about 41,000 people were living in the municipality and 28,000 in the town of Dronten.


Zeewolde

Zeewolde is a municipality of Flevoland, the Netherlands. 

In 2016 about 22,000 people were living here.


Kosi River

The Kosi river is a river in Asia. It is called the "Sorrow of Bihar" because of the damage caused when it floods.

Jallikattu

Jallikattu is a traditional event in Tamil Nadu. It is an ancient Tamil event where participants try to embrace a bull, when the bull try to knock them off. It displays the bravery of a person who embraces the bull. The person who wins the event was awarded with money in the ancient Tamil period

The earliest history of Jallikattu was from about 2500 years ago. It is held on the day of third day of Pongal festival and second day of Thai month of the Tamil calendar which is known as Maatu Pongal.

The Supreme Court ordered a ban on this event on 7th of May,2014 because of animal welfare issues.And the Tamil Nadu youngsters protested against the Supreme Court's decision at the Marina beach .Despite being banned more than 2 million people participate in this annual event. The ongoing protests forced the government of India to issue a special ordinance for jallikattu and hence the ban was lifted by the Union Government on 8th of Januar,2018. Organisations like PETA protested against this order and the people of Tamil Nadu asked for the banishment of this organisation from the state.

Scallion

A scallion is a vegetable. Scallions are also called spring onions, green onions, and salad onions. 

Achtkarspelen

Achtkarspelen is a municipality of Friesland, the Netherlands. In 2016 the municipality had about 28,000 people.

Ameland

Ameland is an island and municipality of the province of Friesland, the Netherlands. In 2016 the municipality had about 3,600 people. The municipality covers an area of 269 km², the island an area of 59 km².

Ameland makes part of the West Frisian Islands ().

It lies west of the island of Schiermonnikoog and east of the island of Terschelling.

Hochfrottspitze

The Hochfrottspitze is a mountain near Oberstdorf, Germany. It is the highest German mountain in the Allgäu Alps at high. The border with Austria is on its ridge. 

With the Trettachspitze and Mädelegabel, the Hochfrottspitze forms a well known trio of peaks on the main ridge of the Allgäu Alps. It was first climbed in 1869 by Hermann von Barth. The route to the top is difficult to climb. The mountain is made of dolomite.

Stadskanaal

Stadskanaal is a municipality of the province of Groningen, the Netherlands. 

About 32,000 people were living in the municipality in 2016, and about 20,000 in the village of Stadskanaal in 2012.

Kapelle

Kapelle, Zeelandic: "Kapelle" or "Kapel'n", is a village and municipality on the former island of Zuid-Beveland, Province of Zeeland, the Netherlands.

In 2017 the municipality had about 13,000 people.
In 2016 the village had about 7,000 people.


Blattodea

Blattodea is an order of insects made up of the cockroaches and termites.

Milton Metz

Milton Metz (c. 1921 – January 12, 2017) was an American radio and television personality in Louisville, Kentucky. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He occasionally did commercial work for local radio and television stations until he was unable to due to his health in the last year of his life.

Metz was inducted into the University of Kentucky Journalism Hall of Fame in 1989. He was also named as a Gold Circle Honoree in 2009 by the Ohio Valley Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.

Metz died in Louisville, Kentucky at a retirement facility from complications of a fall on January 12, 2017, aged 95.

Paleoconservatism

Paleoconservatism (sometimes called paleocon) is a conservative idea that stresses tradition, limited government and civil society, along with religious, national and Western identity. The idea is mainly found in the United States.

According to scholar Michael Foley, paleoconservatives want more restrictions on immigration, cuts in multicultural programs, protectionism (basically meaning that foreign goods will be taxed more), isolationism, and to bring back traditional societal roles.

Paul Gottfried created the term in the 1980s. It was used to refer to conservative traditional Catholics and agrarian Southerners who turned against Communism during the Cold War.




Vsevolod Murakhovsky

Vsevolod Serafimovich Murakhovsky (; 20 October 1926 – 12 January 2017) was a Ukrainian-Russian politician. He was born in Luhansk Oblast, Ukrainian SSR. Murakhovsky served as first deputy premier during the Gorbachev Era from 1985 through 1989.

Murakhovsky died on 12 January 2017, aged 90.

John Jacobs (English golfer)

John Robert Maurice Jacobs OBE (14 March 1925 – 13 January 2017) was an English professional golfer, coach, entrepreneur, writer and administrator. He was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2000. He was born in Yorkshire. He founded the PGA European Tour in 1972.

Jacobs' death was announced on 13 January 2017 at the age of 91.


Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon

Antony Charles Robert Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon (7 March 1930 – 13 January 2017), commonly known as Lord Snowdon, was an English photographer and filmmaker. He was married to Princess Margaret, younger daughter of King George VI and younger sister of Queen Elizabeth II.

Snowdon retired from the House of Lords on 31 March 2016.

Armstrong-Jones died at his home in Kensington, London, England on 13 January 2017, aged 86.

Gilberto Agustoni

Gilberto Agustoni (26 July 1922 – 13 January 2017) was a Swiss Roman Catholic prelate. He served as the Prefect of the Apostolic Signatura from 1994 to 1998. He was later a Cardinal-Priest of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Schaffhausen.

Agustoni died on 13 January 2017 at the age of 94.

Horacio Guarany

Eraclio Catalin Rodríguez Cereijo (15 May 1925 – 13 January 2017), better known as Horacio Guarany, was an Argentine singer, musician and writer. He was called one of the most important Argentine folklore singers. He won a Platinum Konex Award in 1985. He began his career in the 1940s. He released around 57 solo albums. He was signed with the record labels Philips and EMI. He was born in Las Garzas, Santa Fe Province.

Guarany died from a cardiac arrest on 13 January 2017 in Luján, Buenos Aires Province. He was 91.


Magic Alex

Yanni (later John) Alexis Mardas (; 2 May 1942 – 13 January 2017) was better known as Magic Alex, was a Greek electrical engineer and businessman. His nickname, "Magic Alex", was given to him by The Beatles when he worked with the group between 1965 and 1969, including being head of Apple Electronics. He was born in Athens, Greece.

Mardas died from complications of pneumonia in his apartment in Athens on 13 January 2017, aged 74.


Nationalist Movement Party

The Nationalist Movement Party (sometimes called Nationalist Action Party; Turkish: "Milliyetçi Hareket Partisi", MHP) is a political party in Turkey.

The MHP was founded on 9 February 1969 by Alparslan Türkeş. Their most successful performance in an election was in 1999, where they received 5,606,634 votes and won 129 out of 550 seats in the Grand National Assembly of Turkey. In the last election, they received 5,599,600 votes and won 40 out of 550 seats.

The Nationalist Movement Party has been called a neo-fascist party, and has been linked to some violent militias. They are cultural nationalists, and moved from supporting secularism to having a pro-Islamic stance. They are Eurosceptics, meaning they are against the European Union.

Their slogan is: "Ülkenin Geleceğine Oy Ver" (meaning "Vote for the country's future").

The MHP refuses to have any form of dialogue with the left-wing Kurdish nationalist Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP).


National Alliance (Latvia)

The National Alliance (officially called the National Alliance "All For Latvia!" or "For Fatherland and Freedom/LNNK"; Latvian: "Nacionālā apvienība „Visu Latvijai!”" or "„Tēvzemei un Brīvībai/LNNK”"; NA) is a political party in Latvia.

The current party was founded on 23 July 2011. The party is a merger of All For Latvia! and For Fatherland and Freedom/LNNK. Their support has been rising since their creation, and in the last parliament election they received 151,567 votes and won 17 out of 100 seats in the Saeima. In the 2014 European election, they received 63,229 votes and won 1 out of 8 seats.

The party is based on nationalism and conservatism. They are Eurosceptic, meaning that they are against the European Union. The party also wants the government to have a stricter anti-Russia stance.


Bonaire

Bonaire is an island of the Caribbean Netherlands and the former Netherlands Antilles. It is a special municipality (public body) of the Netherlands. It lies off the coast of Venezuela, near the islands of Aruba and Curaçao, which are also parts of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.

Bonaire lies at . It has a land area of 288 km². In 2014 about 18,000 people were living there.

Kralendijk is the island's capital city.

Epsom Downs railway station

Epsom Downs railway station is a station in the borough of Reigate and Banstead. It opened in 1865. The only operator for this station is Southern.

There is only one platform for this station and it is used for trains towards London Victoria via Norbury. There is no Sunday service for this station.

This list shows the frequency of trains on typical off-peak hours.


This table shows the departures from this station with the calling points and the time that is taken to get to the end of the line.


Surjit Singh Barnala

Surjit Singh Barnala (21 October 1925 – 14 January 2017) was an Indian politician. He was Chief Minister of Punjab from 29 September 1985 to 11 June 1987. He was also the Governor of Tamil Nadu from 3 November 2004 to 31 August 2011, as well as Uttarakhand, Andhra Pradesh and Andaman and Nicobar Islands. He was a member of the Shiromani Akali Dal party.

Barnala was born in Ateli, Punjab (Haryana) to a Sikh family. He married to Surjit Kaur Barnala. They had a daughter and two sons.

Barnala died after a long illness on 14 January 2017 in Chandigarh, Punjab. He was 91.

Prayagraj

Prayagraj (), is a city in Uttar Pradesh state of India. It is located where three Ganges and Yamuna and Saraswati rivers join. This city is a holy city for Hindus. It is best known for Kumbha Mela. This fair occurs every 12th year in Prayagraj. The city was named "Allahabad" by the Mughal emperor Akbar.

Previously Prayagraj known as Allahabad. The name has changed in Yogi Government Uttar Pradesh in 2018.

A civic body called Prayagraj Nagar nigam adminiters the whole city,City comprises 1 police zone and 3 circles of district. And yes its administration is very strict

As a main city, various roads connecting the other places.
G.T road passes through the city.

There are 7 main stations in the city. Prayagraj junction is the headquarter of North Central Railway Zone. Daily thousands of trains go to the different routes. 

In city ,Many lines are proposed for better connections a light rail metro is proposed.

Approved lines 

Two lines will be priority line.

Proposed lines 


Thirthraj Prayag International airport: There is one domestic/Military airport in Prayagraj Airport that holds various routes. There been has a proposal to develop as airport into international airport.

River Port (near naini) in karchana a starting point of N.W 1 city connects to the Haldia.

Mädelegabel

The Mädelegabel is a mountain on the border of Austria and Germany. It is near Oberstdorf in the Allgäu Alps. It is one of the most-famous and most-climbed high mountains in the German Alps. 

Mädelegabel is high and made of Dolomite. It is the fourth tallest mountain in the Allgäu Alps, with a 400m tall rock face. With the Trettachspitze and the Hochfrottspitze, the Mädelegabel makes up the well known trio of peaks on the main ridge of the Allgäu Alps. Originally Mädelegabel was the name for all three mountains of the trio. Only later were they given different names. On its southeastern slopes is the Schwarzmilzferner, a small glacier. It was first climbed in 1818, by a survey team.

Udo Ulfkotte

Udo Konstantin Ulfkotte (20 January 1960 – 13 January 2017) was a German journalist and political scientist. He was an assistant editor for the main daily Frankfurt newspaper, "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" ("FAZ"). Between 1986 and 1998, Ulfkotte lived in the Middle East mostly, inlcuding Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, Saudi Arabia, Oman, United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Jordan. He was became a Muslim while living in Afghanistan. He later became a born-again Christian. He later held conservative and anti-Muslim views and was against immigration. He was born in Lippstadt, North Rhine-Westphalia (then in West Germany).

Ulfkotte died from a heart attack on 13 January 2017 at the age of 56.

Jupiter Ghosh

Jupiter Ghosh is a cricketer from Bangladesh. He was born on 22nd July 1989 in Bagerhat, Khulna. Jupiter Ghosh is a Bangladeshi first-class and List A cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and right-arm bowler. Ghosh is an all-rounder and plays as a right-handed batsman. He is currently playing for Khulna Division.

Mexicana Flight 940

Mexicana Flight 940, was flying from Mexico City to Los Angeles the plane was operated by a Boeing 727 with 159 passengers and 8 crew members on-board. On March 31, 1986 the plane suffered an in-flight fire and crashed near Michoacán, all 167 people on-board were killed, in Mexico's worst air-disaster.

Mark Fisher

Mark Fisher (11 July 1968 – 13 January 2017) was a British writer, cultural theorist and blogger. He was also known by his blogging name k-punk from 2003. He was known for his writing on radical politics, popular culture and music. He wrote books, including "Capitalist Realism" (2009). He also wrote as a journalist for "The Wire", "The Guardian", "Fact", "New Statesman" and "Sight & Sound". He was based at Goldsmiths, University of London.

Fisher died on 13 January 2017 at the age of 48. His wife, Zöe Fisher, said he had taken his own life.

Gil Cuerva

Gil Cuerva is a Filipino-Spanish actor and model. Cuerva appeared in his debut television remake of the hit South Korean romantic comedy series, "My Love from the Star" in 2017. He played one of the leading characters. The show aired on GMA Network.

In 2017, he was nominated as the Best New Male TV Personality by 31st PMPC Star Awards for Television.

ASAP (Philippine TV program)

ASAP  is the musical variety show is a philippine television variety show broadcast by on ABS-CBN, it premiered on February 5, 1995 replacing "Sa Linggo nAPO Sila". It is the longest running Sunday noontime variety airs at 11:45 AM to 2:30 PM, and is seen worldwide through the subscription-based global TV channel The Filipino Channel. 




" Abra 


Urbeleskarspitze

The Urbeleskarspitze is a mountain in the Allgäu Alps. It is tall. It is in the state of Tyrol, Austria. It is the fifth tallest mountain in the Allgäu Alps. It is also the second tallest mountain of the Hornbach chain. It is located next to the Bretterspitze in the Hornbach chain. It is made of dolomite, and has a bell-shaped summit. The first recorded climb was in 1869, by Hermann von Barth, but many think locals climbed it first. There are no easy routes to the top. There are only two useable routes, both of which are quite difficult.

Dabwali fire accident

The Dabwali fire accident was a fire in a building in Haryana, India on 23 December 1995. At least 400 people were killed.

Chopper (movie)

Chopper is a 2000 Australian black comedy crime drama movie. It was written and directed by Andrew Dominik and based on the autobiographical books by Mark "Chopper" Read. It stars Eric Bana as the title character and co-stars Vince Colosimo, Simon Lyndon, Kate Beahan and David Field. It has a cult following.

Interstate 275 (Michigan)

Interstate 275 (I-275) is an Interstate in the U.S. state of Michigan that acts as a western bypass of the Detroit metropolitan area. The Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT) maintains the highway. The freeway runs through the western suburbs near Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport. The southern end is the interchange with I-75 near Newport. MDOT considers the Interstate to run to I-96, I-696 and M-5 on the Farmington Hills–Novi city line, running together with I-96 for about . This gives a total length of about . According to the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), the length is because they consider I-275 to end at the junction with I-96 and M-14.

Addis Ababa–Djibouti Railway

The Addis Ababa–Djibouti Railway is an international railway that connects Ethiopia's capital of Addis Ababa with Djibouti. It is linked to the Red Sea and Indian Ocean.

Smith &amp; Wesson M&amp;P

Smith & Wesson M&P (Military and Police) is a series of handguns named after the famous 20th century Smith & Wesson service revolvers. They are designed mainly for military, police and personal defense use. They are offered in calibers including: .22 LR, .380 ACP, 9×19mm Parabellum, .357 Magnum and .45 ACP.

In 1852, gunsmiths Horace Smith and Daniel B. Wesson formed the partnership Smith & Wesson. After having financial troubles, in 1854 they sold the company to a shirt manufacturer named Oliver Winchester. In 1866, Winchester renamed the company Winchester Repeating Arms Company. That same year Smith and Wesson formed the second company called Smith & Wesson, which is still in operation.

In 1899, the company produced their now-famous Military & Police pistol. It was a double-action which set a standard for modern revolvers. It also introduced what has become a very popular caliber, the .38 S&W Special.
In 2005, the company introduced Smith & Wesson M&P model pistol. It was the first polymer handgun for S&W. It is available in 9mm and .40 S&W, and as of February 2016, in .45 ACP. It is recoil-operated and uses the Browning-type locking system.

In 2008 the name M&P expanded to became a series of handguns. It includes polymer pistols, (alloy) revolvers and AR-type rifles. The color, with a few exceptions, is usually black.

The M&P line has expanded to include the "Pro-series", "Shield-series" and "Bodyguard-series" guns.



Supergirl (TV series)

Supergirl is an American superhero television series that aired on CBS and later The CW from October 26, 2015, to November 9, 2021. It is based on the DC Comics character Supergirl and stars Melissa Benoist. Supergirl is the cousin of Superman and along with him is one of the last surviving Kryptonians.

The series premiered on October 26, 2015 on CBS, and on May 12, 2016 it was renewed for a second season that premiered on October 10, 2016 by The CW. On January 8, 2017, The CW renewed the series for a third season.

Kara Zor-El was sent to Earth from her planet Kyrpton that was about to explode at age of 13 years old by her parents Alura and Zor-El. Alura gave her instructions to protect her baby cousin Kal-El (Superman) who had been sent previously to Earth as well, and told her that due to the Earth yellow's sun, she will obtain extraordinary powers.

Kara's spacecraft was hit by a wave of the Krypton explosion and was taken off course to the Phantom Zone, a region in space where time doesn't pass. She stayed there for 24 years, and when the spacecraft escaped for the Phantom Zone and arrived at Earth, she still looked like a 13-year-old girl. Her cousin, Kal-El, had grown up and became Superman. Superman took Kara to be adopted by his friends, the Danvers family. The series begins eleven years old later when the now 24-year-old Kara is learning to use her powers after previously hiding them, while at the same working as a normal person.


Steinschartenkopf

The Steinschartenkopf is a high mountain in the Allgäu Alps. It is north of the Hohes Licht, in Tyrol, Austria. It is the sixth tallest mountain in the Allgäu Alps. The popular Heilbronn Way ("Heilbronner Weg") runs over the summit. It is the highest point on the Heilbronn Way.



Aswan High Dam

The Aswan High Dam is a dam on the river Nile, near Aswan, Egypt. It was built from 1960 to 1971, and created Lake Nasser. 


Dick Gautier

Richard "Dick" Gautier (October 30, 1931 – January 13, 2017) was an American actor, comedian, singer and caricaturist. He was best as Hymie the Robot in the television series "Get Smart", Robin Hood in the short-lived comedy series "When Things Were Rotten". He also played Stanley Beamish in the short-lived sitcom series "Mister Terrific" (1967). He had many voice roles in the 1986 animated "" series.

Gautier was born in Los Angeles, California. He had three children from his first marriage. He married actress Barbara Stuart in 1967. They later divorced and Gautier married Tess Hightower.

Gautier died after a long illness on January 13, 2017 in Arcadia, California. He was 85.


Yama Buddha

Anil Adhikari (; 30 May 1987 – 14 January 2017) was a Nepalese rapper. He was better known by his stage name Yama Buddha. He was a Nepalese hip hop artist, also known as "NepHop". He was known for his songs "Mero Juttama", "Saathi, Aaudaichu Ma", "Footpath mero ghar" and "Yo prasanga", all in Nepali. He began his career in 2007. He was a presenter of the rap battle show "Raw Barz". He was born in the Eastern Development Region. He lived in the United Kingdom with his wife.
Upcoming Second Khatra Album (feat. Nasty,Alex, BEAIM )

Yama Buddha committed suicide on 14 January 2017 in London at the age of 29. It is said that he was not happy about his popularity after his peak in 2012

Inner peace

Inner peace (or peace of mind) happens when a person is able to make their mind calm despite stressful things that may be happening around them.

Marchspitze

The Marchspitze is a mountain in the Allgäu Alps. It is made of Dolomite and is part of the Hornbach chain. The mountain is high. It is in Tyrol, Austria, 1.5 kilometres east of the Großer Krottenkopf. It is a hard climb and therefore not many people visit it.


Bretterspitze

The Bretterspitze is a mountain in Tyrol, Austria. It is part of the Hornbach chain in the Allgäu Alps. The mountain is high. It is next to the Gliegerkarspitze to the west and the Urbeleskarspitze to the northeast. The summit of the Bretterspitze is made of dolomite.

Bockkarkopf

The Bockkarkopf is a mountain in the Allgäu Alps on the main ridge. It is high. It is the ninth highest peak in the Allgäu Alps.

Bockkarkopf forms a border between Bavarian border with Tyrol. It is found between the Wilder Mann mountain to the southwest and the Hochfrottspitze mountain to the northeast. The popular Heilbronn Way ("Heilbronner Weg") runs over the triangular peak.

Lieutenant Governor of Iowa

The Lieutenant Governor of Iowa is a assistant governor. If the governor quits or dies, then the lieutenant governor will become governor of the state. The current Lieutenant Governor is Republican Adam Gregg since January 18, 2019.

Before 1990, the governor and lieutenant governor were elected in separate elections; since then they have run together on the same ticket.

, there are seven former lieutenant governors of Iowa who are currently living at this time, the oldest lieutenant governor of Iowa being Roger Jepsen (served 1969–1973, born 1928). The most recent death of a former lieutenant governor of Iowa was that of Jo Ann Zimmerman (served 1987–1991, born 1936), on October 23, 2019.

Rudolf Slánský

Rudolf Slánský (31 July 1901 – 3 December 1952) was a Czechoslovak Communist politician. He was a longtime member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party. Later he was the General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee (1945-1951). Slánský was one of the main organizers of the 1948 Czechoslovak coup d'état. During World War II he was a member of Czechoslovak exile resistance in the foreign centre in Moscow. Slánský was executed on December 3, 1952 at Prague’s Pankrac Prison.

Slánský was born on July 31, 1901 in Nezvěstice near Pilsen, Bohemia. His father was a Jewish merchant. He studied at a public academy in Plzeň. Slánský joined the Czechoslovak Communist Party in 1921, three years after it was formed. In 1924 he was the editor of the Communist Party newspaper, "Rude Pravo". He rose in the ranks of the Party becoming a member of the Central Committee. He was in hiding from 1929 to 1935 because the Party was illegal in Czechoslovakia at the time. He became a member of the National Assembly and a close associate of Klement Gottwald.

When the Munich Agreement was signed in 1938, Czechoslovakia’s Sudetenland was taken over by Nazi Germany. When the German army marched into the Sudetenland on October 1, 1938, Slánský fled. He went to the Soviet Union and stayed there during most of World War II. He returned to Czechoslovakia in 1944 and took part in the Slovak National Uprising.

After the war, he was involved in politics. The Communist Party in Czechoslovakia agreed to accept many of Joseph Stalin's trained Czechs. Slánský was made the Secretary-General of the Party in Czechoslovakia. By 1948, it was clear that Gottwald was following the Stalinist style of politics. 

Slánský himself had been in charge of purges of several of his associates. When Gottwald thought he might be next, he had Slánský and 13 others arrested. The charges against Slánský included treason, spying and sabotage. Slánský finally confessed after being tortured. Then he had to memorize a speech for the show trial. All of the 14 had confessed. Slánský was one of the 11 who was given a death sentence. Twice Slánský attempted suicide while he was waiting for his execution. Finally, on December 3, 1952, he was hanged at Pankrac Prison.

After Stalin died in 1953, there were fewer purges. In April 1963, Slánský and his fellow victims were cleared of the charges against them. In May, 1968, Slánský and the others were formally exonerated.

Aero Caribbean Flight 883

Aero Caribbean Flight 883 was a passenger flight from Port-au-Prince to Havana with a stopover at Santiago de Cuba. On November 4, 2010, the ATR-72-212 crashed near Sancti Spíritus due to icing. All 68 people on-board were killed in Cuba's 3rd deadliest air-disaster.

Herbert Mies

Herbert Mies (23 February 1929 – 14 January 2017) was a German politician. He joined the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) in 1945. He was the chairman of the party from 1973 to 1989. He was a winner of the 1985–86 Lenin Peace Prize. He was born in Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg.

Mies died on 14 January 2017 in Mannheim at the age of 87.

Ferdinand Peroutka

Ferdinand Peroutka (6 February 1895 – 20 April 1978) was a Czech journalist and writer. He is considered to be one of the most important journalists in Czech history.

From 1919 to 1924 he worked as editor of magazine "Tribuna" (Tribune), then from 1924 to 1939 he was editor-in-chief of revue "Přítomnost" (Presence). His activity was supported by T. G. Masaryk, who also contributed to his magazines. Peroutka was also wrote about politics in "Lidové noviny," where he wrote against Nazis and communists, whose idelogies he saw as dangerous. For this he was frequently attacked by members of those parties. He also openly criticiced Adolf Hitler, for his lies and false promises. 

After German occupation of Czechoslovakia in 1939, Peroutka was forced to write propaganda for the Nazis. He didn't listen and in April 1939 issue of "Přítomnost" he wrote an article "Dynamický život" (Dynamic life) about the 50th birthday of Adolf Hitler. In this article he acknowledged Hitler's power, but refused that Czechs should listen to him. For this he was sent to concentration camp, but was released after few days. Although, a few months later in September 1939 he was jailed again, along with other potential enemies of Nazi regime.

Peroutka was jailed in concentration camps Dachau and Buchenwald, where he was liberated by American army in 1945.

After the war Peroutka became editor-in-chief of "Svobodné noviny" and "Dnešek," that replaced his previous magazines.

In those years he was repeatedly accused by communists of sympathizing with Nazis. Peroutka refused those claims. The alleged evidence of the communists were articles "Dynamický život" and "Hitler po lidské strance" (Hitler with a human face), that Peroutka didn't actually write.

Many years later in 2015, Czech president Miloš Zeman claimed that Peroutka was fascinated by Nazism and wrote an article called "Hitler je gentleman" (Hitler is gentleman). Although this was not proved, Zeman refused to offer an excuse. Zeman was eventually forced by the court to apologize for his false statement.

In the years 1945-1946 he was a member of the parliament for Czech National Social Party.

After Soviets assumed control over Czech government in 1948 Peroutka went to exile. First he went to England and later to United States. He worked for Radio Free Europe in Munich and was one of the members of The Council of Free Czechoslovakia.

Peroutka became one of the most important anti-communist personalities and his works were banned behind Iron Curtain. Reading and spreading his work was illegal and Communist government pretented he never existed. Because of this Czechs growing up after normalization had practically no way to find out who he was.

Peroutka died in 1978 in New York. After Velvet revolution he was buried on Vyšehrad in 1991.

Richard Divall

Richard Divall (9 September 1945 – 15 January 2017) was an Australian conductor and musicologist. He spent nine years as a music producer at the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. He was born in Sydney, New South Wales.

From 1972, on the invitation of Dame Joan Hammond, he became the music director of the Victoria State Opera in Melbourne, Victoria. He stayed with the opera for 25 years. His teachers included Nikolaus Harnoncourt, Sir Charles Mackerras, Sir Reginald Goodall and Wolfgang Wagner. He was also a professor in Melbourne, London and Malta.

Divall died after a long illness 15 January 2017 in Melbourne. He was 71.

After Eight

After Eight is the name of mint chocolate candies made by Nestlé.

Biberkopf

The Biberkopf is a mountain in the Alps. It is on the border between Germany and Austria. The mountain is high.

The Biberkopf is on the main ridge of the Allgäu Alps. It forms a border between Bavaria, Germany and Tyrol, Austria. It is about 15.5 km southwest of Oberstdorf and about 2.5 km east of the Schrofen Pass. The "Biberkopf" is sometimes called the most southerly point in Bavaria and Germany. However, its summit is 110 metres further north than the Haldenwanger Eck, which is 4,088 metres to the west. The mountain is made of dolomite.


Hornbach chain

The Hornbach chain () is a string of mountains, about 15 kilometres long. They are part of the Allgäu Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol. The Hornbach chain leaves the main ridge of the Allgäu Alps at the Öfnerspitze. It arcs from the north to the east. 

In the west another branch goes south, which is where the Großer Krottenkopf (2,656 m) is found. The mountain is the highest in the whole Allgäu Alps. 

On the main ridge of the Hornbach chain, the highest peaks are the Marchspitze (2,609 m), the Bretterspitze (2,608 m) and the Urbeleskarspitze (2,632 m). They are all in the ten most important summits of the Allgäu Alps.


Carlos Fernández Gondín

Carlos Fernández Gondín (1 July 1938 – 7 January 2017) was a Cuban politician. He was born in Santiago de Cuba. He served as the Minister of the Interior of Cuba from 2015 until his death in 2017 during the Raul Castro presidency.

In 2015, he suffered a stroke. He died in Havana from complications of a chronic condition on 7 January 2017, aged 78.

Ryszard Parulski

Ryszard Parulski (9 March 1938 – 10 January 2017) was a Polish fencer. He won a silver medal in the team foil event at the 1964 Summer Olympics and a bronze in the same event at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Warsaw.

Parulski served as the vice-chairman of the Polish Olympic Committee from 1990 until 1992.

James Fairfax

James Oswald Fairfax (27 March 1933 – 11 January 2017) was an Australian company director and philanthropist. He was a member of the Fairfax family, an Australian family in the newspaper publisher industry. He became a director of John Fairfax & Sons Ltd in 1957 and took over from his father in 1977. He resigned in 1987 and sold his shares to his half brother Warwick Fairfax, during 'young Warwick's' ultimately disastrous takeover bid.

Fairfax was born in Sydney. He studied at Cranbrook School, Geelong Grammar School and Balliol College, Oxford.

Fairfax published a memoir in 1991. He died on 11 January 2017 in Sydney at the age of 83.

James Ferguson-Lees

Ian James Ferguson-Lees (8 January 1929 – 11 January 2017) was a British ornithologist. He became known as a member of the British Birds Rarities Committee who was responsible, with John Nelder and Max Nicholson, for publicly debunking the Hastings Rarities.

Ferguson-Lees was born in Italy. He died on 11 January 2017 in England at the age of 88.

Jan Szczepański

Jan Antoni Szczepański (20 November 1939 – 15 January 2017) was a Polish boxer. He won the gold medal in the lightweight division (– 60 kg) at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. In the final he defeated Hungary's László Orbán on points (5:0).

Szczepanski died on 15 January 2017, after long illness in Warsaw, aged 77.

Eddie Long

Eddie Lee Long (May 12, 1953 – January 15, 2017) was an American pastor. He was the senior pastor of New Birth Missionary Baptist Church, a megachurch in unincorporated DeKalb County, Georgia, from 1987 until his death in 2017. 

When Long started as pastor for New Birth Church, there were 300 church members, which grew to 25,000. During this time, Long was found not guilty in Senate investigations concerning whether he personally profited from his church's tax-exempt status. 

Also, civil lawsuits were filed against him alleging sexual abuse of multiple underage male members of his parish. Long has denied wrongdoing through his attorneys and privately settled the lawsuits out of court for undisclosed amounts. 

Long died from cancer-related causes on January 15, 2017, aged 63.


Frank Spellman

Frank Isaac Spellman (September 17, 1922 – January 12, 2017) was an American weightlifter. He set several Olympic records and earned a gold medal in 1948. Spellman has been elected to the United States Weightlifting Hall of Fame, the Helms Athletic Foundation Hall of Fame and the Porterville Quarterback Hall of Fame. He was born in Malvern, Pennsylvania.

In addition to being inducted into the Philadelphia Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in its class of 2003 / 2004, Spellman was inducted into the International Jewish Sports Hall of Fame in 1983. 

Spellman died on January 12, 2017 at the age of 94.

Xavier University

Xavier University ( ) is a co-educational Jesuit, Catholic university located in Norwood, an enclave of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. It was established in 1831.

The school is the sixth-oldest Catholic and fourth-oldest Jesuit university in the nation. Xavier has an undergraduate enrollment of 4,485 students and graduate enrollment of 2,165. Xavier is primarily an undergraduate, liberal arts institution.


Greg Trooper

Greg Trooper (January 13, 1956 – January 15, 2017) was an American singer-songwriter. His songs have been recorded by many artists, including Steve Earle, Billy Bragg and Vince Gill.

Trooper was born in Neptune Township, New Jersey, and raised in nearby Little Silver. He studied at the University of Kansas.

Trooper moved to New York City for the 1980s and part of the 1990s, where he formed The Greg Trooper Band along with Larry Campbell on guitar, Greg Shirley on bass and Walter Thompson on drums. During this time he recorded his first two records: "We Won't Dance" and the critically acclaimed "Everywhere" produced by Stewart Lerman. 

He also met songwriter/publisher Earl Shuman, who secured Trooper's first publishing deal with CBS Songs. Trooper's records caught the attention of Steve Earle, who recorded Trooper's "Little Sister."

In the early 1990s, Trooper met E Street Band bassist Garry Tallent who, like Trooper, would move to Nashville. Tallent produced Trooper's 1996 album "Noises in the Hallway" and released it on his D'Ville Record Group label. 

"Popular Demons" followed in 1998, on Koch Records and produced by Buddy Miller. After the release of that album, Trooper signed with Nashville indie Eminent Records, which released "Straight Down Rain" in 2001.

Tropper died on January 15, 2017 in Nashville, Tennessee from pancreatic cancer, aged 61.


Super Mario Run

Super Mario Run is a side-scrolling auto-running video game developed and published by Nintendo for iOS and Android devices. It was released first for iOS on December 15, 2016. It was released for Android in March 22, 2017.

Super Mario Run has three game modes. It has core game where the player controls Mario or other characters and automatically run across the screen while jumping to collect coins and other awards. It has a Toad Rally where players compete against ghosts of other players. It also has a Mushroom Kingdom area for players to expand using coins and other collectibles from the other game modes.

David Modell

David Modell (born David Orrick McDearmon, Jr.; August 16, 1960 – January 13, 2017) was an American business executive and sports team owner. He was born in Willoughby, Ohio. He served as president and COO of the National Football League's Baltimore Ravens. Modell served as chairman for 3ality Digital, Inc..

Modell died on January 13, 2017 from lung cancer in Baltimore, Maryland, aged 56.

Willoughby, Ohio

Willoughby is a city in Lake County, Ohio, United States and is a suburb of Cleveland. The population was 23,959 at the 2020 census.


Harwood Heights, Illinois

Harwood Heights is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 9,065 at the 2020 census. The current mayor is Arlene Jezierny. She is the second woman to serve as mayor in Harwood Heights, the first being Margaret Fuller.

Mohammed bin Faisal Al Saud

Mohammed bin Faisal (1937 – 14 January 2017) was a Saudi businessman and a member of House of Saud. He was a son of King Faisal. He was one of the pioneers in the establishment of Islamic banking. He was born in Taif, Saudi Arabia. Mohammed bin Faisal was the chairman of the board of trustees of the King Faisal Foundation. He was also a member of Effat University's board of founders and of trustees.

Mohammed bin Faisal died on 14 January 2017 in Mecca, Saudi Arabia at the age of 80.

Nicodemo Scarfo

Nicodemo Domenico "Little Nicky" Scarfo (March 8, 1929 – January 15, 2017) was a member of the American Mafia who eventually became the Boss of the Philadelphia crime family after the death of Angelo Bruno and Phil Testa. 

During his criminal career, Scarfo was described by some as psychotic, cruel and vicious. From many accounts of his former criminal associates who testified against him, he would want to murder someone if he was shown the slightest bit of disrespect or even if he was stared at.

John Wightman

John Matthew Wightman (October 2, 1938 – January 5, 2017) was an American politician from the state of Nebraska. He served two terms, from 2007 to 2015, in the Nebraska Legislature, representing a district in the central part of the state. Wightman was a member of the Republican Party. He was also mayor of Lexington, Nebraska.

Wightman died on January 5, 2017 of respiratory failure at the age of 78 in Lexington, Nebraska.

Claude Steiner

Claude M. Steiner (6 January 1935 – 9 January 2016) was a French-born American psychotherapist and writer. He wrote about transactional analysis (TA). His writings have focused especially on life scripts, alcoholism, emotional literacy, and interpersonal power plays.

In the 1970s and '80s, Steiner was a founder and practitioner of Radical Psychiatry, a new approach to psychotherapy based in a social theory (of alienation) rather than a medical one (of individual pathology). Influenced by progressive movements of the time, work in this modality continues into the present and is gaining recent recognition worldwide.

Steiner died at his ranch in Ukiah, California on 9 January 2017, aged 81.

Kevin Starr

Kevin Starr (September 3, 1940 – January 14, 2017) was an American historian. He was born in San Francisco, California. Starr was best known for his multi-volume series on the history of California, collectively called "Americans and the California Dream".

Starr died of a heart attack in San Francisco on January 14, 2017, aged 76.


Steve Dillon

Steve Dillon (22 March 1962 – 22 October 2016) was a British comic book artist. He was best known for his work with writer Garth Ennis on "Hellblazer", "Preacher" and "The Punisher". He began his career in the 1970s. He was born in London and grew up in Luton, Bedfordshire.

Dillon died of problems caused by appendicitis on 22 October 2016 in Manhattan, New York, United States. He was 54.

The Chainsmokers

The Chainsmokers are an American pop and electronic dance music duo. They are made up of Andrew “Drew” Taggart and Alexander “Alex” Pall. The Chainsmokers are from New York City.

The duo released their first extended play, "Bouquet", in October 2015. Their song, "Roses", reached the Top 10 on "Billboard" Hot 100. In 2016, "Closer", with vocals from Halsey, became their first #1 single on the Hot 100 chart.

The duo have been one of the most successful EDM groups, being ranked as the third most popular group of the 2010s behind Imagine Dragons and One Direction.


Krottenspitze

The Krottenspitze is a mountain in the Allgäu Alps. It is high. It is one of the few rocky summits of the main ridge that is visible from Oberstdorf. There are no marked routes to the Krottenspitze. It was first climbed in 1854 for survey work. It is made of Dolomite.

Rick Parfitt

Richard John "Rick" Parfitt, OBE (12 October 1948 – 24 December 2016) was an English musician, singer-songwriter and guitarist. He was born in Woking, Surrey. Parfitt was best known as a singer, songwriter and rhythm guitarist for rock band Status Quo.

Parfitt died, aged 68, on 24 December 2016 in a hospital in Marbella, Spain from sepsis complicated by an infected shoulder injury he suffered two days before.


Marbella

Marbella is a city and municipality in southern Spain, belonging to the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia. It is part of the Costa del Sol and is the headquarters of the Association of Municipalities of the region; it is also the head of the judicial district that bears its name.

Marbella is near the Mediterranean Sea, between Málaga and the Strait of Gibraltar, in the foothills of the Sierra Blanca. The municipality covers an area of crossed by highways on the coast, which are its main entrances.

In 2012 the population of the city was 140,473 inhabitants, making it the second most populous city in the province of Málaga and the eighth in Andalusia. It is one of the most important tourist cities of the Costa del Sol and throughout most of the year is an international tourist attraction, due mainly to its climate and tourist infrastructure.

The city also has a significant archaeological heritage, several museums and performance spaces, and a cultural calendar with events ranging from reggae concerts to opera performances.

Marbella is protected on its northern side by the coastal mountains of the Cordillera Penibética and so enjoys a climate with an average annual temperature above . The highest peaks of the mountains are occasionally covered with snow, which usually melts in a day or two. Average rainfall is 628 l/m², while hours of sunshine average 2,900 annually.

Howard Shore

Howard Leslie Shore (born October 18, 1946) is a Canadian composer. He is known for his movie scores. 

He has composed the scores for over 80 movies, mostly known for the scores for "The Lord of the Rings" and "The Hobbit" movie trilogies. 

Shore has also composed a few concert works including one opera, "The Fly", based on the plot of David Cronenberg's 1986 movie premiered at the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris on July 2, 2008, a short piece Fanfare for the Wanamaker Organ and the Philadelphia Orchestra, and a short overture for the Swiss 21st Century Symphony Orchestra.

In addition to his three Academy Award wins, Shore has also won three Golden Globe Awards and four Grammy Awards.

Shore stated composers like Elmer Bernstein, Henry Mancini, Jerry Goldsmith, John Barry, John Williams, Alfred Newman, Bernard Herrmann, Michel Legrand, Lalo Schifrin, Oliver Wallace, Buddy Baker, Leonard Bernstein and Maurice Jarre as influences.

Inauguration of Donald Trump

The inauguration of Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States happened on Friday, January 20, 2017, on the West Front of the United States Capitol Building in Washington, D.C.

The inauguration marked the beginning of the four-year term of Donald Trump as President and of Mike Pence as Vice President. The presidential oath of office was administered to Trump by Chief Justice John Roberts on the Lincoln Bible and the vice presidential oath of office was administered to Pence by Associate Justice Clarence Thomas.

Benedictions were given by several clerics (among them a rabbi and reverend Franklin Graham, son of the retired reverend Billy Graham, who for decades gave benedictions at the inauguration of US presidents).

The main theme in the inauguration speech of President Trump was his focus on the interests of the United States ("America first!", "Make America Great Again").

Spectators were far fewer than at the inaugurations of his predecessor Barack Obama, although this was contested by President Trump and his spokesman. Most voters in Washington D.C. had voted for Hillary Clinton, Trump's main opponent in the 2016 United States presidential election.

Presidents Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, and Barack Obama, along with their respective wives, the First Ladies (including Hillary Clinton), had all confirmed their attendance at Trump's inauguration, and were all present. George H. W. Bush, age 92, did not attend the inauguration due to health reasons.

Many groups applied for demonstration permits for Donald J. Trump's inauguration, including Bikers for Trump, and the Women's March on Washington, scheduled for the day after inauguration day. Most of the demonstrators were against the new president, and a few were rioters.


Amin Nasir

Amin Nasir ( – 16 January 2017) was a Singaporean football player and manager. He played as a defender for sides including Sembawang Rangers and Woodlands Wellington. 

Amin managed the S.League side Hougang United from 2013 to 2014. He also represented the Singapore national football team and was awarded a bronze medal at the 1993 Southeast Asian Games. His brother, Nazri, captained the Singapore national team from 1997 to 2003.

Amin was first diagnosed with colon cancer in 2012. He died on 16 January 2017 at the age of 48 in Yishun, Singapore. He was survived by his wife and two children.

Barry Cassin

Barry Cassin (1924 – 14 January 2017) was an Irish television, stage and screen actor. On stage, he is best known for his role in the production of "Twelve Angry Men". He was born in Dublin.

On screen and on television, Cassin played mostly secondary roles such as in the recent movie "Byzantium". Cassin's daughter, Anne, is a well-known journalist and news presenter for Raidió Teilifís Éireann.

Cassin died in Dublin on 14 January 2017, aged 92. 

Royal Rumble (2014)

Royal Rumble (2014) was a wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) made by WWE. It happened on January 26, 2014. It was performed at the Consol Energy Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It was the twenty-seventh time a Royal Rumble was held and the first to be held in Pittsburgh.

Five matches were performed at the event. The most important match was the Royal Rumble match. Batista won it by last eliminating Roman Reigns and Roman eliminate 12 men which broke Kane's record for most eliminations in one match from 2001. Alexander Rusev also wrestled in WWE for the first time in the Royal Rumble match.


Lists of state leaders by age

This article contains various lists of state leaders organized by age, defined as heads of state and/or heads of government.

People currently serving as head of state and/or head of government, a party leader of a one-party state, or a representative of a head of state.

The following lists are the top ten all-time state leaders and the top ten living.

Leaders still serving are highlighted in italicized bold.

Shigeru Kōyama

Kōyama died from pneumonia on 3 January 2017 in Kyoto Prefecture. He was 87.

Franca Sozzani

Franca Sozzani (20 January 1950 – 22 December 2016) was an Italian journalist. She was the editor-in-chief of "Vogue Italia" from 1988 until her death in 2016. She was born in Mantua. Her son, Francesco Carrozzini (born 1982), is a director and photographer.

Sozzani died after a long illness on 22 December 2016 in Milan. She was 66.

Aleksandr Ezhevsky

Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Ezhevsky (; 3 November 1915 – 15 January 2017) was a Soviet Russian statesman and politician. He served as the minister of tractor and agricultural machinery (engineering) of the USSR from 1980 to 1988. He was given for Order of Lenin awards. He was born in Tulun, Irkutsk Governorate of Siberia.

Ezhevsky turned 100 in 2015. He died on 15 January 2017 at the age of 101.

Franz Jarnach

Franz Jarnach (14 October 1943 – 16 January 2017) was a German actor and musician. He was also known by his stage name Mr. Piggi. He was best for his role as Schildkröte in the improv comedy series "Dittsche". He appeared in the series at least 188 times between 2004 and 2014. He was a pianist for the 1960s British beat group Lee Curtis and the All-Stars. He appeared on the music program "Beat-Club" with the group twice. He was also a member of the rock band The Rattles during the early 1990s.

Jarnach was born in the Bad Godesberg district of Bonn, North Rhine-Westphalia. His father, Philipp Jarnach (1892–1982), was a composer.

Jarnach died from a heart attack on 16 January 2017 in Hamburg. He was 73.


Zdeněk Svěrák

Zdeněk Svěrák (born 28th March 1936 in Prague) is best known as a Czech actor and writer. He is also a noted playwright and songwriter. He is the holder of 3 Magnesia Litera awards and 3 Czech Leo awards. He studied at the Pedagogic University and was a teacher. After 4 years as a teacher, he started to work in Czechoslovak radio. There he met musician Jaroslav Uhlíř and since then he collaborated with him. 

Zdeněk Svěrák and Ladislav Smoljak are creators of czech most famous entertaining genious person Jára Cimrman. They have made 13 theatre plays about him and his life. As actor he appears in czech classic movies as: Na samotě u lesa, Marečku, podejte mi pero!, Trhák, Tři veteráni, Obecná škola or Vratné Láhve. He founded the Theater of Jara Cimrman in 1966.

Zdeněk's son, Jan Svěrák (*1965), is czech film director and one of 4 Czechoslovakian/Czech men who won Oscar. In 1997, the Father and son team won an Oscar for their movie "Kolja". Zdeněk Svěrák starred in the movie. In 2014 he was awarded the President's Prize for lifetime achievements ad the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival.


Vicki Lansky

Vicki Lee Lansky (née Rogosin; January 6, 1942 – January 15, 2017) was an American author and publisher. She wrote parenting books and other advice books. She wrote over forty books, first with "Feed Me I’m Yours". Other books she wrote include "Divorce Book for Parents", "101 Ways To Tell Your Sweetheart "I Love You"" and five "101 Ways" books. Her books sold over six million copies.

Lansky was born in Louisville, Kentucky and grew up in Westchester, New York. She had two children with her first husband, Bruce. They later divorced. In 2008, she married Stephen M. Schaefer.

Lansky died from cirrhosis on January 15, 2017 in Plymouth, Minnesota. She was 75.

Cuvier's dwarf caiman

The Cuvier's dwarf caiman ("Paleosuchus palpebrosus"), also called a musky caiman and dwarf caiman, is a genus of Caiman native to northern and central South America. They are the smallest living crocodilians in South America. They live in freshwater lakes. It was first described by the French zoologist, Georges Cuvier, in 1807. They grow up to long for males and long for females. Cuvier's dwarf caiman weigh between and . They live up to 40 years. Cuvier's dwarf caiman was first described by the French zoologist Georges Cuvier in
1807. It is one of only two species in the genus Paleosuchus. The Cuvier's dwarf caiman has an average length of 1.4 m (4.6 ft) for males. The average length for females is 1.2 m (3.9 ft). An adult weighs around 6 to 7 kg (13 to 15 lb). It has strong body armor, which provides protection against predators. Young dwarf caimans mainly
feed on invertebrates. It also eats small fish and frogs. Adults eat larger fish,
amphibians, and invertebrates, such as large molluscs. It is listed Least concern.


Věra Čáslavská

Věra Čáslavská (3 May 1942 – 30 August 2016) was a Czechoslovakian artistic gymnast and Czech sportswoman. She was very attractive, cheerful and popular with the general public. Věra Čáslavská won 22 international titles between 1959 and 1968, including seven Olympic gold medals, four World titles and eleven European championship. Čáslavská and Soviet Larisa Latynina, they are only two female gymnasts, who win the all-around gold medal at two consecutive Olympics. In years 1964 - 1968 she wasn’t never lose out in big competition in multicontest.

She was born in Prague. She did ballet and figure skating when she was small. In 2015 she met Eva Bosáková and with her they started to do gymnastics.

Shortly after the 1968 Olympics, Čáslavská was married with runner Josef Odložil. He was a silver medalist at the 1964 Olympics in Tokyo. They had ceremony at the Mexico City Cathedral.

In 1969 was born her daughter Radka and in 1974 son Martin. The couple divorced in 1987.

She became a president Václav Havel’s counselor for social issues and sport in January 1990 and since 1991 she worked as his assistant.

In next ten years she was alone and she don’t associate with anyone.  Čáslavská lived in a nursing home. She was treated with depression in mental home in Bohnice and added addiction on pharmaceuticals. Fortunately in 2007 she came back with great enthusiasm and she began helping Czech athletes. But in summer 2015 she was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer, which next year has worsened. In her final days she was taken to a hospital in Prague on 30 August, where she died at the age of 74. Her funeral took place in the narrow family circle on 8 September in 2016 and her remains were cremated at the crematorium Šumperk.

Věra 68 - it’s a feature movie, overhead Olga Sommerová.

After Věra Čáslavská is named asteroid (26986) Čáslavská (improvised name 1997 VC5).

Brachistochrone curve

A Brachistochrone curve is the fastest path for a ball to roll between two points that are at different heights. A ball can roll along the curve faster than a straight line between the points.

The curve will always be the quickest route regardless of how strong gravity is or how heavy the object is. However, it might not be the quickest if there is friction.

The curve can be found using calculus of variations and optimal control.


Heliodor Píka

General Heliodor Píka (July 3, 1897 Štítina – June 21, 1949 Plzeň ) was a Czechoslovakian army officer. He is also well known as representative of Czechoslovakian anti-Nazi resistance and a victim of communism.

Heliodor Píka was born on July 3,1897 in Štítina near Opava. His father was Ignác Píka, who was a wheelwright. In 1915 he graduated from the Gymnasium in Opava. Originally, he wanted to study Pharmacy. In 1916 he was sent to the Galician front. On July 28, 1916, he was captured by Russian units in Berestechko. Later he joined Czechoslovakian legion.

In 1917 he was sent to the Western front in France. In Le Havre he went through intensive military training. He fought there until 1919.

In 1920 he graduated from École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr. He became a teacher at the Military academy in Hranice. In the 1930s, Píka acted as a military attaché to Romania and Turkey.

At the time of the February coup, General Píka was ill. In March 1948, he had to stay at the military hospital in Prague. While he was recovering, General Reicin ordered him to be arrested and interrogated. He was falsely accused of spying and of High treason. In January 26 to 28, 1948 he was tried and sentenced to death. The execution took place in the prison in Plzeň on June 21, 1948.

Thanks to Milan Píka, who was Píkas son, his case was reviewed. A military court proved that there is no single piece of evidence, which would convict him. On December 13, 1968 he was cleared of all charges and fully rehabilitated.

Dermot Gallagher

Dermot Anthony Gallagher (1944 – 15 January 2017) was an Irish civil servant. He served as the Secretary General of the Department of Foreign Affairs. He left office as Secretary-General on 24 January 2009 and was replaced by David Cooney, former Ambassador to the United Kingdom. He was known for serving as Ireland's ambassador to the United States and for helping establishing peace with Northern Ireland.

Gallagher was born in Carrick-on-Shannon, Leitrim. He studied and taught at the University College Dublin. His diplomatic career began in 1969.

During his diplomat career, Gallagher worked in London, New York City at the United Nations Headquarters, in Brussels and in San Francisco, California. He was made "deputy chief of the cabinet" at the European Commission. In 1971, he married his wife, Maeve Farrell.

He was appointed Ambassador to the United States in 1991 where he developed a wide range of friendships and contacts. One of these was Bill Clinton, then governor of Arkansas. During his time as ambassador, he helped secure a U.S. visa for Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams. After his posting in Washington D.C., he returned home in 1997 with the title of Second Secretary General. Along with Bertie Ahern, Gallagher wanted to establish peace with Northern Ireland.

In February 2009 he was nominated to be Chairman of the Garda Síochána Ombudsman Commission and was appointed Chairman of University College Dublin Governing Authority.

Gallagher died on 15 January 2017 in Dublin, aged 72. On his death, President of Ireland, Michael D. Higgins, said: "Mr Gallagher dedicated a lifetime to public service, serving with distinction as ambassador to the United States and making a significant contribution to the peace process in Northern Ireland.

Han Peixin

Han Peixin () (October 1921 – January 15, 2017) was a People's Republic of China politician. He was born in Xiangshui County, Jiangsu.

He was Communist Party of China Committee Secretary and governor of his home province of Jiangsu. He first served as governor for a year from 1982 through 1983 and later secretary from 1983 through 1989. He was a delegate to the 5th National People's Congress (1978–1983), 6th National People's Congress (1983–1988) and 7th National People's Congress (1988–1993).

Peixin died in Jiangsu, China on January 15, 2017 from cardiac arrest at the age of 95.

Jiří Navrátil

Jiří Navrátil (10 September 1923 – 16 January 2017) was a Czech scout leader and anti-communist activist. He served as the President of Junák, the Czech Scout and Guide association.

Navrátil was born in Germany. In 1937. he became a Scout in Prague.

He was arrested and held several months by the Gestapo during World War II. In 1949, he tried to oppose the Communist takeover of Czechoslovakia with other Scouts. He was sentenced to 20 years in prison, and was released in 1960.

During the Prague Spring in 1968, Navrátil was one of the refounders of Junák, the Czech Scout movement. The movement was suppressed again in 1970. Following the Velvet Revolution in 1989, he became one of the main Leaders of the third restoration of Junák.

He was one of the important people of the 1999 10th European Conference of Guiding and Scouting in Prague, in which President Václav Havel gave the opening speech.

In 2002, Navrátil was awarded the 292nd "Bronze Wolf", the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting.

Navrátil died on 16 January 2017 in Prague at the age of 93.

Eugene Cernan

Eugene Andrew "Gene" Cernan (; March 14, 1934 – January 16, 2017), (CAPT, USN, Ret.), was an American naval officer and Naval Aviator, electrical engineer, aeronautical engineer, fighter pilot, and NASA astronaut.

Cernan was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was raised in Bellwood, Illinois and in Maywood, Illinois. He studied at Purdue University and at the Naval Postgraduate School. 

He traveled into space three times: as Pilot of Gemini 9A in June 1966, as Lunar Module Pilot of Apollo 10 in May 1969, and as Commander of Apollo 17 in December 1972, the final Apollo lunar landing.

On Apollo 17, Cernan became the eleventh person to walk on the Moon and the most recent man to walk on the Moon since he was the last to re-enter the Lunar Module "Challenger" after the mission's third and final mission. Cernan was also a backup crew member for the Gemini 12, Apollo 7 and Apollo 14 space missions.

Cernan died on January 16, 2017 at a hospital in Houston, Texas, aged 82.


Jan Jánský

Jan Jánský (30 March 1873 in Prague,Czech Republic - 8 September 1921 in Černošice) was a neurologist and psychiatrist. He was the first to divide human blood into the four types (A, B, AB, 0) of the AB0 blood group system. His discovery saved millions of lives.

He studied medicine at Charles University in Prague. From 1899 he worked in a psychiatric clinic. He became a professor at Charles University and a doctor of medicine.

He served as a doctor for 2 years on the front lines. After suffering a heart attack in 1916, he was dismissed from the army. After that he was in charge of the department of Neurology and Forensic Psychiatry at the Central Military Hospital in Prague.

He suffered from angina pectoris. Jánský died of Coronary artery disease.

Jánský was a promoter of blood donations. Donators of Czech Republic or Slovakia receive a medal. In 1953 he was the subject of a movie directed by Martin Frič.

Emil Zátopek

Emil Zátopek (19 September 1922 - 22 November 2000) was a Czechoslovak runner from town Kopřivnice. He is mostly known for winning 3 gold medals at the 1952 Summer Olympic games in Helsinki. He won in 5,000 metres, 10,000 metres runs and in marathon. He never ran a marathon before. But he decided at the last minute to start with others. He set former record with time 2:23:03,2.

Zátopek was born in Kopřivnice. He finished Industrial high school in Zlin. He studied at the Military Academy in Prague. His wife was Dana, also an olympic athlete. They were married in 1948. In Helsinki she competed in jevelin. She won a gold medal at the same day as Zátopek. His olympic rivals (friends) called him "Czech Locomotive". In 1997 he was called the best Czech athlete of 20th century. Then in 1999, he was declared the best Olympian in Czech history. Altogether he won six Olympic medals, five European Championship and he broke the records for 18 times. His life credo was: ""Are you running out of breath? Go faster!""

His Career began at an elementary school in Zlin. There he ran at school events with good results. He accepted an invitation to train with Zlin´s athletes. He mostly trained by himself with his own running system. He ran sections with multiple repetitions. In 1943 he tried his first 5,000 metres run and the year after that he set his first record at 2,000 metres track. His most successful event were Summer Olympic games in 1952 where he won 3 gold medals. After that he went through an operation for a hernia. Zátopek´s athlete career ended in 1958 then he worked as a minister (Christianity).

John W. Young

Captain John Watts Young (September 24, 1930 – January 5, 2018) was an American astronaut, naval officer and aviator, test pilot, and aeronautical engineer. He became the ninth person to walk on the Moon as Commander of the Apollo 16 mission in 1972. Young was on the first orbital Space Shuttle mission, STS-1, in April 1981. He was the only person to have piloted, and been commander of, four different classes of spacecraft: Gemini, the Apollo Command/Service Module, the Apollo Lunar Module, and the Space Shuttle.

Young was born in San Francisco, California. He studied at the Georgia Institute of Technology where he was a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity. In 1956, Young married Barbara White. They divorced in 1972. They had two children. Young died of complications from pneumonia in Houston, Texas on January 5, 2018 at the age of 87.


Len Deighton

Leonard Cyril Deighton (; born 18 February 1929), known as Len Deighton, is a British author. He is thought to be one of the top three spy novelists of his time (along with Ian Fleming and John le Carré). 

He is a well known military historian, cookery writer, and graphic artist. His first book, "The IPCRESS File", was an instant bestseller. The Sunday Times called him "the poet of the spy story". 

Deighton was born in the London inner-city of Marylebone. He studied at St Marylebone Grammar School, at Saint Martin's School of Art and at the Royal College of Art. He is married to Ysabele Deighton. 

Sergei Makarov

Sergei Mikhailovich Makarov (; born 19 June 1958 in Chelyabinsk, Soviet Union) is a Russian former ice hockey right wing. He was a two-time Olympic gold medalist. He was voted one of six players to the International Ice Hockey Federation's (IIHF) Centennial All-Star Team. This was in a poll conducted by a group of 56 experts from 16 countries.

Aswat

Aswat (Arabic: أصوات) is a Palestinian group for lesbian rights. Rauda Morcos is the co-founder. Aswat means "voices" in the Arabic language. The group started in 2001.

Aswat started as a forum for discussion on the internet.

The first group for LGBT Palestinians was the international Jerusalem Open House. Palestinians started to meet there in 2001. After the Oslo Accords in 1993, many Palestinian groups were part of Israeli groups. But later, in the 2000s, many groups decided to be independent. In 2002, "Aswat: Palestinian Gay Women" started as an independent project with Kayan, a Palestinian feminist group in Haifa.

In March 2007, the group had its first conference in Haifa. The meeting had 350 people. The Islamic Movement protested outside the meeting with 30 people.

The group publishes Arabic literature about homosexuality. They published five newsletters in Arabic about gays and lesbians, and they published an Arabic glossary of terms of sexual orientation. They also published a book called "Home and Exile in Queer Experience".



Kaliningrad Time

Kaliningrad Time (UZ1) is a time zone in western Russia that applies to the city of Kaliningrad. It is 2 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time () since October 2014. Originally, under president Dmitry Medvedev's law in 2011, Kaliningrad Time was hours, the same time as the Further-eastern European Time and Eastern European Summer Time in the summer. Russia does not currently observe daylight saving time (DST).

Hans Berliner

Hans Jack Berliner (January 27, 1929 – January 13, 2017) was a German-born American computer scientist and chess player. He was born in Berlin and of Jewish descent.

He was Professor of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University, was a former World Correspondence Chess Champion, from 1965–68. He was a Grandmaster of Correspondence Chess and an International Master for over-the-board chess. He directed the construction of the chess computer HiTech, and was also a published chess writer.

Berliner died on January 13, 2017 in Riviera Beach, Florida at the age of 87.


David Poythress

David B. Poythress (October 24, 1943 – January 15, 2017) was an American politician and military commander. He was born in Bibb County, Georgia.

He has served terms as Secretary of State and Commissioner of Labor of the state of Georgia. Poythress also served as the Adjutant General of the Georgia National Guard from 1999 until 2007, initially appointed by Governor Roy Barnes and reappointed by Governor Sonny Perdue. He retired as a Lieutenant General.

Pothyress died on January 15, 2017 in Cartersville, Georgia at the age of 73.

M. M. Ruhul Amin

M. M. Ruhul Amin (23 December 1942 – 17 January 2017) was a Bangladeshi politician and judge. He served as the Chief Justice of Bangladesh from 1 June 2008 to 22 December 2009. He studied at the University of Dhaka. He was born in Lakshmipur District.

Amin died after an illness on 17 January 2017 in Bukit Merah, Singapore. He was 74.

Great Comet of 1811

The Great Comet of 1811 (C/1811 F1) was a comet visible to the naked eye for about 260 days. This was a record until the appearance of Comet Hale–Bopp in 1997. In October 1811, at its brightest, it displayed an apparent magnitude of 0, with an easily visible tail

Dion, Pieria

Dion was an Ancient Greek city in Pieria, Greece. It is now a village.

Chrysaor

Chrysaor was the brother of the winged-horse Pegasus.

Christen-Democratisch en Vlaams

Christen-Democratisch en Vlaams (shortened to "CD&V") is a Flemish political party in Belgium. It belongs to the political ideology of the Christian democrats.

Colo (gorilla)

Colo (December 22, 1956 – January 17, 2017) was an American Western gorilla. She was known as the first gorilla to be born in captivity anywhere in the world and as the oldest known gorilla in the world. Colo was born at the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium near Powell, Ohio. Colo's name came from the place of her birth, Columbus, Ohio. Tomatoes were her favorite food.

Colo died in her sleep on January 17, 2017 at the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium, aged 60.


Killing of Harambe

Harambe was a gorilla at the Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden. On May 28, 2016, a three-year-old boy climbed into a gorilla enclosure at the zoo and was grabbed and dragged by Harambe, a 17-year-old Western lowland gorilla. Fearing for the boy's life, a zoo worker shot and killed Harambe. It was recorded on video and was shown on news services around the world. There was a lot of argument about the decision to kill Harambe. 

A number of primatologists and conservationists said that the zoo had no other choice under the circumstances, and that they did the right thing. Harambe was killed one day after his 17th birthday. The boy was given a trauma assessment and taken to a children's hospital; where his injuries were non-life-threatening.

The boy's mother also became the target of harassment on the internet and social media. On June 6, 2016, the Ohio prosecutor said that the mother would not face any charges of wrongdoing. The zoo was being investigated by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA), which sets the standards for zoos, and the USDA.

Experts Jack Hanna and Jane Goodall defended the zoo's actions in killing Harambe.

Harambe was born at the Gladys Porter Zoo in Brownsville, Texas, on May 27, 1999. He was named by Dan Van Coppenolle, a local area counselor who won a naming contest sponsored by the zoo. He came up with the name after listening to the 1988 song "Harambe (Working Together for Freedom)" by Rita Marley, widow of Bob Marley.

Several internet memes were made, and the director encouraged people to stop. In Australia, people joked about supporting Harambe's corpse as a write-in candidate on the ballot for the federal election. Public Policy Polling included Harambe in their polling for the U.S. presidential election. Harambe had 5% support in late July 2016 (ahead of Green Party nominee Jill Stein) and 2% in August 2016 (tied with Stein).

American Pharoah

American Pharoah (born 2011; foaled February 2, 2012) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He won the American Triple Crown and the Breeders' Cup Classic in 2015. In winning all four races, he became the first horse to win the "Grand Slam" of American horse racing. He won the 2015 Eclipse Award for Horse of the Year and 2015 Champion three-year-old.

He was bred and owned throughout his racing career by Ahmed Zayat of Zayat Stables, trained by Bob Baffert, and ridden in most of his races by Victor Espinoza. He now stands at stud at Ashford Stud in Kentucky.

His sire was Pioneerof the Nile and his dam was Littleprincessemma.

Rockabye

"Rockabye" is a house and pop song from the electronic dance group Clean Bandit. The song also has Jamaican singer Sean Paul and British singer Anne-Marie. The song is about how hard it is to be a single mother. The song refers to the nursery rhyme "Rock-a-bye Baby."

On 28 October 2016, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at #7. The following week, it went to #3. In its third week, it reached #1. In the United Kingdom, the song became their second #1, after "Rather Be" in 2014. The song also topped charts in Australia, Germany, Italy, Switzerland, Denmark, Austria, Belgium, Italy, Sweden, Finland, and New Zealand.

In the United States, "Rockabye" began at #100 on "Billboard" Hot 100 during the week of 24 December. It was Clean Bandit's first entry on the chart since "Rather Be" with Jess Glynne. The song reached number nine on the US Hot 100, becoming their second US top-ten hit after "Rather Be".

Scottish Government

The Scottish Government is the national, devolved government of Scotland. It has power over many aspects of government in Scotland, from providing health care, to justice, through to education.

Donald Trump Jr.

Donald John "Don" Trump Jr. (born December 31, 1977) is an American businessman and former reality television personality. He is the oldest child of Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States and his first wife Ivana Trump. He works alongside his brother Eric as a trustee and executive vice president of The Trump Organization. Trump and his brother ran the company during his father's presidency.

He wrote two books: "Triggered" in 2019 and "Liberal Privilege" in 2020.

On February 12, 2018, Donald Trump Jr's wife Vanessa opened mail with white powder in it, so she was rushed to hospital as a precaution.

Eric Trump

Eric Frederick Trump (born January 6, 1984) is an American businessman, former reality TV personality and philanthropist. He is the third child and second son of the former President of the United States, Donald Trump, and Ivana Trump.

Alongside his older brother Don Jr., he serves as a trustee of The Trump Organization. Trump and his brother took over the company during their father's presidency.

In 2006, he founded the Eric Trump Foundation, which raises money for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.

Tiffany Trump

Tiffany Ariana Trump Boulos (born October 13, 1993) is an American socialite, television personality, and research assistant at Georgetown University. She is the fourth child of former President Donald Trump and his second wife, Marla Maples.

Tiffany Ariana Trump was born on October 13, 1993, at St. Mary's Medical Center in West Palm Beach, Florida, to Donald Trump and Marla Maples. She has three older half-siblings, Donald Trump Jr., Eric Trump, Ivanka Trump and a younger half brother named from Barron Trump.

She attended schools and universities such as, Viewpoint School, University of Pennsylvania and Georgetown University. Trump has remained with Georgetown Law after graduating in 2020, and is currently a research assistant for professor Shon Hopwood.

In 2015, she worked as an intern for Vogue, and, in 2016, modeled for an Andrew Warren fashion show during New York Fashion Week. 

Fred Trump

Frederick Christ "Fred" Trump (October 11, 1905 – June 25, 1999) was an American real estate developer and philanthropist. He was the father of Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States. He also had a daughter Maryanne, who became an attorney and was appointed as a judge to the United States Court of Appeals.

Trump's development company built and managed single-family houses in Queens, barracks and garden apartments for U.S. Navy personnel near major shipyards along the East Coast, and more than 27,000 apartments in New York City.

Trump was born in The Bronx, New York. He married Mary Anne MacLeod in 1936. Their marriage would last until Trump's death in 1999. Trump died in New Hyde Park, New York from pneumonia complicated by Alzheimer's disease, aged 93.

Maryanne Trump Barry

Maryanne Trump Barry (formerly Desmond; April 5, 1937 – November 13, 2023) was an American attorney and a senior judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit after being appointed by President Bill Clinton. She served as judge from 1999 until her retirement in 2011. 

She was the older sister of Donald Trump, the 45th President of the United States.

Barry was born in New York City. She studied at Mount Holyoke College and at Columbia University. She later went to Hofstra University to earn her J.D.. From 1960 until their divorce in 1980, she was married to David Desmond. In 1982, she married John Barry. John died in 2000. Barry had one son, David.

Barry died of cardiac arrest on November 13, 2023 while under hospice care for cancer at her apartment in New York City at the age of 86.

William A. Hilliard

William A. Hilliard (May 28, 1927 – January 16, 2017) was an American journalist. He was editor of "The Oregonian", the major daily newspaper in Portland, Oregon, from 1987 to 1994 and was that newspaper's first African-American editor. He was also president of the American Society of Newspaper Editors in 1993–94.

Hilliard was born in Chicago, Illinois. He studied at Benson Polytechnic High School, at Portland State University, at University of Oregon and at Pacific University.

Hilliard worked at "The Oregonian" from 1952 to 1994, starting as a copy boy, and then rising to clerk, sports reporter, religion and general assignment reporter, and in 1965 assistant city editor. In 1971, he became city editor, and in 1982 was named executive editor.

Hilliard served as president of the American Society of Newspaper Editors (ASNE) in 1993–94. He remained editor of "The Oregonian" until retiring in 1994, although during the last year of his tenure with the paper he gave his designated successor, executive editor Sandra M. Rowe, effective control of the editor's duties and focused his attention on ASNE duties.

In 1998, Hilliard was given the Oregon Newspaper Hall of Fame Award by the Oregon Newspaper Publishers Association.

Hilliard died on January 16, 2017 in Portland, Oregon at the age of 89.


Oscar López Rivera

Oscar López Rivera (born January 6, 1943) is a Puerto Rican nationalist. He was one of the leaders of the FALN.

In 1981, López Rivera was convicted and sentenced to 55 years in federal prison for conspiracy, use of force to commit robbery, interstate transportation of firearms, and conspiracy to transport explosives with intent to destroy government property. In 1988 he was sentenced to an additional 15 years in prison for conspiring to escape from the Leavenworth federal prison.

López Rivera was among the 14 convicted FALN members offered conditional clemency by U.S. President Bill Clinton in 1999, but rejected the offer.

The imprisonment of López Rivera was opposed or supported by individuals and groups representing political, religious, and other constituencies. Some called him a terrorist, but others said he was a political prisoner. Several U.S. Congressmen supported Oscar López Rivera's release from prison such as Senators Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren.

On January 17, 2017, President Barack Obama lowered López Rivera's sentence and was released from prison on May 17, 2017. At the time, he was the longest-incarcerated member of the FALN.


Christopher C. Kraft Jr.

Christopher Columbus "Chris" Kraft Jr. (February 28, 1924 – July 22, 2019) was an American NASA engineer and manager. He was important in the creation of the agency's Mission Control operation.

Kraft Jr. was born in Phoebus, Virginia. He studied at the Virginia Tech and graduated in 1944. 

Kraft was hired by the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA), the organization before the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). He worked for over ten years in aeronautical research before being asked in 1958 to join the Space Task Group, a small team entrusted with the responsibility of putting America's first man in space. He was given the job to the flight operations division, Kraft became NASA's first flight director. 

He was on duty during such historic missions as America's first manned spaceflight, first manned orbital flight, and first spacewalk.

He retired in April 1982.

In 2011, the Mission Control Center building was named after him.

In 1950, Kraft married Betty Anne Turnbull. They had two children. He was an Episcopalian. Kraft died on July 22, 2019 in Houston, Texas, aged 95, two days after the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 moonwalks.


Peter Jones (Australian politician)

Peter Vernon Jones (28 January 1933 – 16 January 2017) was an Australian politician. He served as a member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1974 to 1986 from the seat of Narrogin. He was the Deputy Leader of the National Country Party in Western Australia. He was later a member of the Liberal Party.

Jones was born in Launceston, Tasmania. He married Margaret Antonia Maslin in 1960. They had three children.

Jones died on 16 January 2017 in Perth, Western Australia. He was 83.

Ronald Buxton

Ronald Carlile Buxton (20 August 1923 – 10 January 2017) was a British politician and civil engineer. He was a member of the Conservative Party. He served as a Member of Parliament for Leyton from 1965 to 1966.

Buxton was born in Norfolk. He married Phyllida in 1959. They had four children.

Buxton died on 10 January 2017 at the age of 93.

Nigel Spearing

Nigel John Spearing (8 October 1930 – 8 January 2017) was a British politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He served as a Member of Parliament for South Newham from 1974 to 1997. Before this, he served as a Member of Parliament for Acton from 1970 to 1974. He was born in Hammersmith, London.

Spearing died from Alzheimer's disease on 8 January 2017. He was 86.

Les Lazarowitz

Leslie "Les" Lazarowitz (October 2, 1941 – January 6, 2017) was an American sound engineer. He was active between 1971 and 1999. He was nominated for two Academy Awards in the Best Sound category. He was best known for movies including "Taxi Driver" (1976), "Raging Bull" (1980), "Tootsie" (1982), "Carlito's Way" (1993) and "Groundhog Day" (1993).

Lazarowitz died from cancer on January 6, 2017 in Florida. He was 75.

Claude Lebey

Claude Lebey (born Claude Jolly; 20 November 1923 – 10 January 2017) was a French food critic and writer. He was known for writing the food book "Guide Lebey". He also wrote for the news magazines "Paris Match" and "L'Express". He co-presented a show on TF1 between 1974 and 1981.

Lebey died on 10 January 2017 in Provence at the age of 93.

Steve Wright (bassist)

Steve Wright ( – January 16, 2017) was an American bass guitarist. He played with The Greg Kihn Band. He was from El Cerrito, California.

Wright died from a heart attack on January 16, 2017 in Sacramento, California.

Sergei Aman

Sergei Amanovich Khummedov (, born 12 February 1957), better known by the pen name Sergei Aman (), is a Russian writer and journalist.

Sergei Aman was born in former Soviet Union in Turkmenia. He graduated the Moscow State University in 1985.

In 1995 Sergei Aman became a journalist of the daily "Moskovskij Komsomolets". Also he worked in "Vechernyaya Moskva", "Stupeni", "The New Medical Gazette", magazine "Auto M".

The most famous book of Sergei Aman is "Journalists" (novel). He published this novel in 2013. Also he wrote the love story "Nights after" in the book “On the Edge of Magellanic Clouds”.
In 2018 Sergei Aman published the novel "Everything Will Be Okay, We're All Going to Die!"

Sergei Aman lives in Moscow. His hobby is sport fishing from a boat.


Brenda C. Barnes

Brenda C. Barnes ( – January 17, 2017) was an American businesswoman. She served as the chief executive officer of Sara Lee from 2005 to 2010. She was also the first female CEO of PepsiCo from 1996 to 1997.

Barnes died from a stroke on January 17, 2017 in Naperville of Chicago, Illinois. She was 63. Her three children outlived her.

Yaron Ben-Dov

Yaron Ben-Dov (11 January 1970 – 6 January 2017) was an Israeli footballer. He played for Ironi Rishon LeZion, Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Tel Aviv. He was born in Netanya.

Ben-Dov died after an illness on 6 January 2017 at the age of 46.

Srirangam

Srirangam is an island in the Kaveri River. It is a part of the city of Tiruchirapalli in Tamil Nadu, India. It is a famous place because it is one of the 108 Divya Desams, or holy places, according to Hinduism.

Srirangam is border by the Kaveri River and its tributary Kollidam River. Srirangam can be considered the largest functioning Hindu temple in the world, as it covers an area of about 631000 m2 with a perimeter of 4km (10,710 ft).

There are many other famous temples near Srirangam. They include Rockfort Temple, Samayapuram Mariamman Temple, and Vayalur Murugan Temple.

Ion Besoiu

Ion Besoiu (11 March 1931 – 18 January 2017) was a Romanian actor. He played the lead role in the television series "Toate pînzele sus". He appeared in movies when Romania was under a Communist one-party state rule. Those movies include "Thirst" (1961), "Michael the Brave" (1970), "The Actor and the Savages" (1975), "Mihail, câine de circ" (1979), "The Last Assault" (1985). His later roles included "Loverboy" (2011) and "Bucharest Non Stop" (2015). He was born in Sibiu.

Besoiu died on 18 January 2017 in Bucharest at the age of 85.

Gustav Frištenský

Gustav Frištenský (18 May 1879 – 6 April 1957) was a Czech strongman and Greco-Roman wrestler. He competed in the first half of the 20th century. During his career, he competed in almost 10,000 fights. His first fight was when he was just 19 years old and the last one was when he was 72. Frištenský was a legend among Czech strongmen.

Gustav Frištenský was born in Kamhajek (now part of the village of Křečhoř). He had 3 brothers and 2 sisters. When he was child, he was small so nobody thought he could become famous sportsman. As teenager he started to lift weights and wrestle. He was learning to be a blacksmith but after suffering serious burns on his hand by a horseshoe, he left his craft. Frištenský went to Brno and he became a butcher in the butchery of Moritz Soffer. He trained in the gymnasium of the Hellas sports club. Soon, he left his job in butchery and started to focus on wrestling. In 1900, Frištenský participated in an international competition in Prague. There he won in weightlifting, wrestling and the discus throw. In 1901 he became the Moravia champion in wrestling and discus throw. In 1902, he became the Austria-Hungary champion. The following year he was the European champion.

But Frištenský was still an amateur. After these achievements, he became a professional. He worked for the Kludský circus. Frištenský traveled around the world including the United States. Finally, he returned to his homeland. Frištenský married Miroslava Ellederová in Litovel. In 1917, he stayed in Litovel permanently. He and his wife built a house next to the Morava River. Frištenský traveled to the US again and wrestled in New York in front of an audience of 30,000. In 1921, Frištenský became the Czechoslovakia champion. In 1929, he became a professional European champion. During World War II, Frištenský joined the resistance movement. Soon, afterwards he became a prisoner of war and his wife had to bribe a Nazi prison commander to free him. After the war, in 1945, Frištenský left the Sport world and lived in Litovel. In 1947, he became a widower. In 1956, Frištenský received a title "Merited Master of Sports". He died on 6 April 1957.


Dzemijetul Hajrije

Dzemijetul Hajrije is the oldest Muslim organization in the United States. It is a benevolent society started in 1906 to help Muslim immigrants from Bosnia.

In the late 1800s, many young men came from Bosnia to Chicago to work in construction. They built roads, buildings, and tunnels for the Chicago commuter train system. Many Bosnians worked on the tunnels for Arif Dilich’s Paschen Construction Company, a large company in Chicago. The Dzemijetul Hajrije was like a family to the many young single men. It had religious services and special activities for Eid and other holidays. It helped pay for medical expenses and funerals.

Many Muslims also lived in Gary, Indiana and worked in the steel mills. Another group of Bosnian Muslims went to work in the copper mines in Butte, Montana. Dzemijetul Hajrije started chapters in Gary, Indiana in 1913, Wilpen, Pennyslvania in 1915, and Butte, Montana in 1916. They did not have a mosque, but they met in coffeehouses. In 1956 the last Bosnian coffeehouse closed.

After World War II more Bosnians immigrated to Chicago. Many were well-educated, but they had to take jobs as taxi cab drivers, factory workers, and janitors. In the early 1950s, they asked Sheik Kamil Avdich, a religious scholar, to be their first imam. They started the Muslim Religious and Cultural Home. In 1957, they opened a mosque on Halsted Street. In 1968, they changed their name to the Bosnian American Cultural Association. In the 1970s they bought land in Northbrook for a larger mosque, the Islamic Cultural Center of Greater Chicago.

Nagham Nawzat Hasan

Nagham Nawzat Hasan (Arabic: نغم نوزات حسن ) or Nagham Nawzat is a doctor from Iraq. In 2015 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Nagham Nawzat Hasan is a Kurdish Yazidi gynecologist. She works with Yazidi girls who were kidnapped by the Islamic State (ISIS).

After the city of Sinjar fell in 2014, ISIL killed many Yezidi men and enslaved many Yezidi women. Hasan rescued many Yezidi girls. She gave psychological and medical help. She visits Yezidi people in refugee camps to encourage girls to visit her clinic. She started a program against sexual abuse called ""I am Yezidi – I am against harassment.""



Sinjar

Sinjar is a city in the north of Iraq. It is in Shingal District, Nineveh Province, near Mount Shingal. Many Yezidi people live in this city. In 2014, it was the site of the Sinjar massacre.

Takobeya labour

Takobeya labour (, Romanization of Japanese: tako-beya rōdō) was a Japanese form of work. It was a harsh system started in Hokkaido during the Meiji period. It replaced in Hokkaido. The workers slept in accommodation huts at construction sites. The concentration huts were called "Takobeya". Takobeya workers engaged in takobeya labour without enough meals. They were oppressed as labor camps. Some also died from overwork.

In 1946, the Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers in occupied Japan banned takobeya labour.

In Japanese, "Tako" often means octopus. But Takobeya (Tako room) doesn’t necessarily mean octopus room. About Takobeya's "Tako", the original meanings is not clear.



Latifa Ibn Ziaten

Latifa Ibn Ziaten (Arabic: لطيفة بن زياتن) is an activist from France. She started the Imad Association for Youth and Peace for interfaith understanding. In 2016, she received an International Women of Courage Award.

Latifa ibn Ziaten was born in Morocco. She is Muslim. When she was a teenager, she moved to France. In 2012, Latifa's son, Imad, died in a terrorist attack. Imad was a French soldier.

Latifa went to the neighborhood of her son's killer in Toulouse. She talked to the boys in the neighborhood. The boys told her the killer was a hero of Islam. When she told them her son was killed, they apologized. Then Latifa decided to start an organization to help the young people. She tells young people to learn about Islam from their parents, not from the internet. Latifa receives threats and has a bodyguard.



Peter Abrahams

Peter Henry Abrahams Deras (3 March 1919 – 18 January 2017), better known as Peter Abrahams, was a South African-born Jamaican novelist, journalist and political commentator. He was best known for his novels "Mine Boy" (1946), "A Wreath for Udomo" (1956), "A Night of Their Own" (1965), "This Island Now" (1966) and "The View from Coyaba" (1985). He also wrote the memoir, "Tell Freedom" (1954).

Abrahams was born in Vrededorp, Johannesburg. His father was from Ethiopia and his mother was mixed race. He moved to Jamaica in 1956.

Abrahams was found dead on 18 January 2017 in Rock Hall, Saint Andrew Parish. He was 97.

Yosl Bergner

Yosl Bergner (‎; 13 October 1920 – 18 January 2017) was an Israeli painter. He was best known for his art which had people with long pale faces, pointed chins and huge dark, soulful eyes. This was said to show joy and sadness of being Jewish. He was awarded the Israel Prize in 1980.

Bergner was born in Vienna, Austria. He grew up in Warsaw, Poland. He lived in Melbourne, Australia from 1937 until 1948, when he moved to Israel.

Bergner died on 18 January 2017 in Tel Aviv at the age of 96.

Charles &quot;Bobo&quot; Shaw

Charles Wesley "Bobo" Shaw (September 15, 1947 – January 16, 2017) was an American jazz drummer. He worked in the free jazz genre. He was best known as a member of the Human Arts Ensemble and Black Artists Group. He was born in Pope, Mississippi.

Shaw died on January 16, 2017 in St. Louis, Missouri. He was 69.


Rachael Heyhoe Flint, Baroness Heyhoe Flint

Rachael Heyhoe Flint, Baroness Heyhoe Flint (11 June 1939 – 18 January 2017) was an English female cricketer, businesswoman and philanthropist. She was born in Wolverhampton, England.

Flint was best known for being captain of England from 1966 to 1978, and was unbeaten in six Test series, while in total she played for the English women's cricket team from 1960 to 1982. She was captain when England won the inaugural Women's Cricket World Cup, held in England in 1973. She was also the first women cricketer ever to hit a six in a test match.

Flint's death was announced by Lord's on 18 January 2017 at the age of 77.

Kingston Parish, Jamaica

Kingston is a parish in Jamaica. It is in the county of Surrey. The parish capital is Kingston.

Saint Andrew Parish, Jamaica

Saint Andrew is a parish in Jamaica. It is in the county of Surrey. The parish capital is Half Way Tree.

Portland Parish, Jamaica

Portland is a parish in Jamaica. It is in the county of Surrey. The parish capital is Port Antonio.

Saint Thomas Parish, Jamaica

Saint Thomas is a parish in Jamaica. It is in the county of Surrey. The parish capital is Morant Bay.

Clarendon Parish, Jamaica

Clarendon is a parish in Jamaica. It is in the county of Middlesex. The parish capital is May Pen.

Manchester Parish, Jamaica

Manchester is a parish in Jamaica. It is in the county of Middlesex. The parish capital is Mandeville.

Saint Ann Parish, Jamaica

Saint Ann is a parish in Jamaica. It is in the county of Middlesex. The parish capital is Saint Ann's Bay.

Saint Catherine Parish, Jamaica

Saint Catherine is a parish in Jamaica. It is in the county of Middlesex. The parish capital is Spanish Town.

Saint Mary Parish, Jamaica

Saint Mary is a parish in Jamaica. It is in the county of Middlesex. The parish capital is Port Maria.

Saint Elizabeth Parish, Jamaica

Saint Elizabeth is a parish in Jamaica. It is in the county of Cornwall. The parish capital is Black River.

Saint James Parish, Jamaica

Saint James is a parish in Jamaica. It is in the county of Cornwall. The parish capital is Montego Bay.

Hanover Parish, Jamaica

Hanover is a parish in Jamaica. It is in the county of Cornwall. The parish capital is Lucea.

Trelawny Parish, Jamaica

Trelawny is a parish in Jamaica. It is in the county of Cornwall. The parish capital is Falmouth.

Westmoreland Parish, Jamaica

Westmoreland is a parish in Jamaica. It is in the county of Cornwall. The parish capital is Savanna-la-Mar.

Willow Shields

Willow Shields (born June 1, 2000) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Primrose Everdeen in all four of "The Hunger Games" movies (2012–2015). She was also a dancer on "Dancing with the Stars" in 2015. At the age of 14, she was the youngest to ever compete on the show.

Shields was born in Albuquerque, New Mexico. She has a twin sister and an older brother, both of whom are actors.

New Medical Gazette

New Medical Gazette (NMG) () is a Russian newspaper published in Moscow.

"New Medical Gazette (NMG)" was established in 1992 in Moscow by a group of journalists (, Andrei Gusev and others; some of them had medical education and practical experience in health care).
The Russian newspaper "NMG" registered with the Ministry of press and information of the Russian Federation in December 18, 1992.

The first number of "NMG" was released on May 18, 1993. Since 1993 Andrei Gusev (, born 27 October 1952 in Moscow) serves as "NMG’"s editor-in-chief.

"NMG" came out in format A3 and A4. Since 1999 "NMG" has web-based publications. 
The paper specialises in topical medical materials and medical news. 
Famous journalists and writers work in "NMG’" editorial staff: Sergei Aman, , Andrei Gusev, Sergei Sokurov, etc. However, the newspaper authors write not only on medical topics. "NMG" has literary pages created in conjunction with public fund "Union of Writers of Moscow”.


Andrei Gusev

Andrei Gusev (, born 27 October 1952) is a Russian writer and journalist.

Andrei Gusev was born in former Soviet Union, in Moscow. His father Evgeny Gusev and mother Rosalind Maltseva were engineers. His father was born in Ukraine, his mother in Moscow.

Andrei Gusev graduated the Moscow Engineering Physics Institute in 1975. He worked as a medical physicist more than ten years. Also he received a medical education. He is the author of 10 inventions, 23 published scientific works.

In 1990 Andrei Gusev became a correspondent of the daily "Moskovskij Komsomolets". Later he worked as the special correspondent of the All-Russia "Rossiyskaya Gazeta" and an editor-in-chief deputy of the youth newspaper "Stupeni".

Since 1993 Andrei Gusev serves as editor-in-chief of "The New Medical Gazette" (published in Russian).

The first book of Andrei Gusev is "Presentation" (1993). Then he published "Mister Novelist" (1994), "With Chronos’ Permit" (1995), "The Russian Story" (1996) and also the story collection "On the Edge of Magellanic Clouds" (1998). He published his novels "The Painter & Eros" and "Role Plays" in 2003 and "The World According to Novikoff" in 2006.

In his prose in 2010s Andrei Gusev developed the themes of BDSM subculture in Russia. Themes include female domination, bondage, erotic spanking and BDSM fiction.

Andrei Gusev lives in Moscow. He was married twice and divorced twice. The first wife – Nina Guseva (nee Odnoletko), worked as a nurse; the second wife – Ivetta Sarkisyan, philologist by education. He has two daughters. 
His hobby is beekeeping.




William Margold

William "Bill" Margold (October 2, 1943 – January 18, 2017) was an American pornographic actor and director. He was born in Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States. He began his career in 1972. He continued to perform until 2007. He had more than 250 credits to his name as an actor and director. He was added to the AVN Hall of Fame.

Margold died on January 18, 2017 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 73.


Rodney Bennett

Rodney Bennett (24 March 1935 – 3 January 2017) was a British television director. He directed ten "Doctor Who" episodes, including the stories, "The Ark in Space", "The Sontaran Experiment", (both 1975) and "The Masque of Mandragora" (1976).

Bennet died on 3 January 2017 at the age of 81.

Hisham Al-Otaibi

Hisham Al-Otaibi (1946 – 4 January 2017) was a Kuwaiti politician. He served as the Minister of Finance and Industry from 1998 to 1999. He got a Bachelor of Science in engineering from the University of Oklahoma.

Al-Otaibi died on 4 January 2017 at the age of 70.

John Little (footballer)

Robert John "Johnny" Little (7 July 1930 – 18 January 2017) was a Scottish footballer. He played as a defender. He played for Queen's Park, Rangers, Morton and the Scotland national team.

Little was born in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. He moved to Scotland at a young age and grew up in Millport of Great Cumbrae.

Little died on 18 January 2017 at the age of 86.

Yaacov Zilberman

Yaacov Zilberman (born May 26, 1954 in the Soviet Union) is an Israeli and former Soviet chess player. He became a grandmaster in 1998. 

Zilberman participated in the 30th Chess Olympiad at Manila in 1992. 
With Robert Hübner and Ivan Morovic he was first at the Capablanca Memorial, Elite at Havana in 1998.


École nationale supérieure d'informatique pour l'industrie et l'entreprise

École nationale supérieure d'informatique pour l'industrie et l'entreprise (National School of Computer Science for Industry and Business) is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Paris-Saclay (Northern France, associate member).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at ENSIIE.

Most of the 500 graduate engineer students at ENSIIE live in dedicated residential buildings nearby research labs and metro public transports.

Research activities at École nationale supérieure d'informatique pour l'industrie et l'entreprise relate to the following topics:


Eddie Filgate

Edward "Eddie" Filgate (16 September 1915 – 19 January 2017) was an Irish politician. He was a member of Fianna Fáil. He served as Teachta Dála (TD) from 1977 to 1982 for the Louth constituency. He was born in County Louth.

Filgate turned 100 in 2015. He died on 19 January 2017 at the age of 101.

Robert Timlin

Robert James Timlin (July 26, 1932 – January 17, 2017) was an American federal judge. He served as a Senior Judge of the United States District Court for the Central District of California from 2005 to his death in 2017. Before this, he served as a judge for the court from 1994 to 2005. 

Timlin was born in Buffalo, New York. He was married to Caroline. They had two children.

Timlin died on January 17, 2017 in Santa Barbara, California. He was 84.

Daniel Vischer

Daniel Vischer (16 January 1950 – 17 January 2017) was a Swiss politician for the Green Party. He was a member of the National Council from 2003 to 2015.

Vischer was born in Basel. He was the son of jurist Frank Vischer (1923–2015). He was married and had two children.

Vischer died from cancer on 17 January 2017, a day after his 67th birthday, in Zürich.

Ludvík Svoboda

Ludvík Svoboda  (25 November 1895 – 20 September 1979) was a czechoslovak legionnaire in World War I and Commander of Czechoslovak army in Russia in World War II. Later he became a president (1968-1975)

Ludvík Svoboda was born in Hroznatín in Moravia in district Třebíč. He joined Austro-Hungaryan army when he was 20 in year 1915.They send to east to fight against Russia. He was captured and then he joined Czecholovak legion in Russia. He fought in battles like of Zborov and Bakhmach. When he came back he was hero and then his military carreer started in new Czechoslovak army in the year 1921. 

In early 1930' he taught in military academy in Prague. After the Munich betrayal in spring 1939 he was in underground organization named National Defence (Obrana národa). He started in cooperation with Soviet Union (SSSR). In start of June he moved to Poland and established a Czechoslovak legion, but when SSSR invade Poland from east, he was captured and senteced to die. His contacts in Moscow freed him.With connection to Moscow he started to free people from gulag and used them to his legion.He became a commander of Czechoslovak army on east. The first battle of his was in 1943 in battle of Sokolov in Ukraine. His position was leader of 1st Czechoslovak corps. In this battle died a Czech hero captain Jaroš. Then he fight in battle of Dukla Pass. With trust from Klement Gottwald he became a general in year 1945 and was named a Hero of East front.

After the ending of the Antonín Novotný regime, in the period known as the Prague Spring, Svoboda was elected President of Czechoslovakia on 30 March 1968, on the recommendation of Alexander Dubček, the First Secretary. He was an acceptable candidate both for Czechs and Slovaks, and as a war hero and a victim of the purges of the early 1950s. People saw him as a new light of democracy and reform. But he was afraid of Soviet Union, because he saw all the crimes that they made.

He was respects by nation, because he took war hostiges from gulags and save them. Until he sign paper of Warsaw pact that Czechoslovakia will do nothing against Russian invasion in the year 1969. He has no word in home and abroad politic. He was puppet of KSČ. He said he don't trust leadership of political party. He tried to meet important people of factories and normal people, but his political status lower and lower. He even tryied to help poor east Slovakia.

When he was elected 2nd time he had a heart attack and must left his post. His succesor was G.Husák.

Rest of his life spend on wheelchair in his house in Prague with wife Irena. After his death in 1979 he had big national and military funeral. His funeral was not organized, but thousands of people came to show respect.He was bury on Žižkov with anthem of 1st Czechoslovak corpse ,Směrem k Praze<nowiki>"</nowiki> (Headed to the Prague). In 1995 he was removed and send to his family crypt in Kroměříž.

Kendang

Kendang or Gendang is a two-headed drum. It is used by people from the Indonesian Archipelago. Kendang is one of the first instruments used in the Gamelan ensembles of Javanese, Sundanese, and Balinese, the Kendang ensemble as well as various Kulintang ensembles in Indonesia. It is made in many ways by different ethnic groups.
In Sundanese Gamelan, a minimum set consists of three drums.
Many types of Sundanese Kendang are distinguished according to their function in accompaniment :
Each type of drums in Sundanese music has a difference in size, pattern, variety, and motif.

In Gamelan Surakarta, four sizes of kendhang are used:

In , there are two :

 (Makassarese s) can be divided to three types: 

Among the Bugis ' there are two types of playing techniques based on the position of the . if the is placed on the player's lap it is called '. If the players are standing with the s tied with a shoulder strap it is called , this position are usually used for sacred ceremony, or for entertainment like beating of rice mortars or . There are generally three types of beats pattern in playing:




Vasco Núñez de Balboa

Vasco Núñez de Balboa (1475–1519) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador. He was the first European to see the Pacific Ocean. Balboa was one of those who established the settlement at Darién in what is now Panama. He was elected mayor, then governor. In 1513, he claimed the Pacific Ocean and all of its shores for Spain. He was searching for gold at the time. In Darién, he had been replaced by a new governor, Pedro Arias Dávila. On orders from Spain, Dávila was to investigate Balboa. On Balboa's return to Darién in 1519, Dávila had him placed on trial, then executed for treason.

Eldar Kuliev

Eldar Kaisynovich Kuliev (December 31, 1951 – January 14, 2017) was a Soviet movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Frunze, in present day Kyrgyz Republic. He was a writer of original script for the TV miniseries "The Wounded Stones".

Kuliev died at his home in Moscow, Russia on January 14, 2017, aged 65.

Ciel Bergman

Ciel Bergman, a.k.a. Cheryl Bowers (Cheryl Marie Olsen; September 11, 1938 – January 15, 2017) was an American painter of Swedish origin. Her work, was called post-modern, and had a focus on the environment as well as feminine consciousness. She was born in Berkeley, California.

Babette Cole

Babette Cole (10 September 1950 – 15 January 2017) was an English children's writer and illustrator. She was born on Jersey in the Channel Islands. She was known for her works in "Drop Dead", "Princess Smartypants" and "Prince Cinders". As a children's writer, Cole created more than 150 picture books. Her best-seller "Doctor Dog" has been adapted as a successful children's cartoon series.

Cole died from a short illness on 15 January 2017 in Devon, England, aged 66.

Steven Plaut

Steven Plaut (1951 – January 17, 2017) was an American-born Israeli economist, academic and writer. He was an associate professor of Business Administration at Haifa University as well as a member of the editorial board of the "Middle East Quarterly". Plaut was an outspoken critic of the Israeli-Arab peace process and Israel's unilateral withdrawal policy. He taught at Oberlin College, the Technion, UC Berkeley, UC Irvine, Central European University, Tel Aviv University, University of Nantes, and Athens Laboratory for Business Administration.

Plaut died in Haifa, Israel on January 17, 2017 from complications of kidney cancer at the age of 65.

Jalal Allakhverdiyev

Jalal Eyvaz oglu Allakhverdiyev (; September 17, 1929 – January 19, 2017) was an Azerbaijani mathematician. He was a member of the Academy of Sciences of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic (now the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences) (1972). He was born in Baku, Azerbaijan.

Allakhverdiyev was a Azerbaijan State Prize laureate of the Azerbaijan SSR (1982). He was director of the Institute of Cybernetics of the Academy of Sciences of Azerbaijan SSR since 1970.

Allakhverdiyev died in Baku on January 19, 2017, aged 87.

Teori Zavascki

Teori Albino Zavascki (August 15, 1948 – January 19, 2017) was a Brazilian justice of the Supreme Court of Brazil serving since November 29, 2012. At the time of his death, he was the justice in charge of the trials resulting from Operation Car Wash. He was born in Faxinal dos Guedes, Brazil. From 2003 through 2012, Zavascki served as Minister of Superior Court of Justice.

Zavascki was killed in a plane crash near Paraty, Brazil on January 19, 2017, aged 68.

Loalwa Braz

Loalwa Braz Vieira (Loalva Braz, 3 June 1953 – 19 January 2017) was a Brazilian singer and songwriter. She was born in Rio de Janeiro. Braz was better known as providing the lead vocals for the French-Brazilian pop group Kaoma in their worldwide hit "Lambada". 

Braz, aged 63, was found dead in a burned car near a highway in Rio de Janiero on 19 January 2017. According to police, two men were seen leaving her house earlier that day. Police say Braz was murdered.

Miguel Ferrer

Miguel José Ferrer (February 7, 1955 – January 19, 2017) was an American actor. He was mostly known for villainous roles such as Bob Morton in "RoboCop". He also voiced Delgado in "Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2", the villain Hun leader Shan Yu in "Mulan" (1998) and Big Boss in "Rio 2". Ferrer's other notable roles include Dr. Garret Macy on "Crossing Jordan", NCIS Assistant Director Owen Granger on "", Vice President Rodriguez in "Iron Man 3", and FBI forensic pathologist Albert Rosenfield in "Twin Peaks".

Ferrer was born in Santa Monica, California to Academy Award-winning actor José Ferrer and singer Rosemary Clooney. His first cousin is actor George Clooney. He never went to college because he began his Hollywood career at an early age. His career began in 1981. He was married to actress Leilani Sarelle from 1991 until they divorced in 2003. In 2005, he married Lori Weintraub. They had three children.

Ferrer died on January 19, 2017 from throat cancer at his home in Los Angeles, California, aged 61.





José Ferrer

José Vicente Ferrer de Otero y Cintrón (January 8, 1912 – January 26, 1992), known as José Ferrer, was a Puerto Rican actor and director. He was the first Puerto Rican actor, as well as the first Hispanic actor, to win an Academy Award (in 1950 for "Cyrano de Bergerac"). He was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico.

Ferrer was married to Rosemary Clooney, aunt of George Clooney, from 1954 through 1961 and again from 1964 through 1967. They had a son, actor Miguel Ferrer. In 1985 he received the National Medal of Arts from President Ronald Reagan, becoming the first actor to receive that honor.

Ferrer died of colorectal cancer in Coral Gables, Florida on January 26, 1992, aged 80.


Mike Kellie

Michael "Mike" Alexander Kellie (24 March 1947 – 18 January 2017) was an English multi-instrumentalist, and record producer.

In a career spanning more than 40 years, Kellie has been a member of the rock bands the V.I.P.s, Spooky Tooth and the Only Ones. He also played with Traffic, on one song "Rainmaker" on the "The Low Spark of High Heeled Boys" album in 1971.

Wayne Barrett

Wayne Barrett (July 11, 1945 – January 19, 2017) was an American journalist. He was an investigative reporter and senior editor for the "Village Voice" for over 20 years. Barrett worked with the Nation Institute and contributor to "Newsweek". He held degrees from St. Joseph's University and the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, where he served on the adjunct faculty for over thirty years.

Barrett wrote many articles and books about politicians, especially New York City figures such as Ed Koch, Donald Trump, and Rudy Giuliani. 

Barrett died in Manhattan from lung cancer on January 19, 2017, aged 71.

Shaimaa Sabbagh

Shaimaa Sabbagh, Arabic: شيماء الصباغ , (1984 – January 24, 2015) was an Egyptian poet and activist. She died at Tahrir Square during a demonstration to remember the anniversary of the Arab Spring. 

Sabbagh was a leading member of the Socialist Popular Alliance Party. She became a symbol against Egypt's military.

A photograph of Sabbagh's death got international attention. The Egyptian photographer was Islam Osama. He worked for the Egyptian newspaper Youm El Sabea. His photo received the Shawkan Photo Award in 2015. The man in the picture who tried to help Sabbagh was Sayyid Abu el-Ela. He was a friend who was also at the demonstration.

A police officer was convicted of killing her. In 2015, the conviction was reversed.

Red Adams

Charles Dwight "Red" Adams (October 7, 1921 – January 18, 2017) was an American professional baseball player, scout and pitching coach. He played as a pitcher. He was best known for playing for the Los Angeles Angels and later being a scout for the Los Angeles Dodgers. He also played for the Chicago Cubs of the Major League Baseball (MLB) in 1946. He was born in Parlier, California.

Adams died on January 18, 2017 in Fresno, California at the age of 95.

