Cadwalader, Wickersham &amp; Taft

Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP, (known as Cadwalader), is New York City's oldest law firm. Attorney John Wells founded the practice in 1792. Cadwalader's Lower Manhattan headquarters is one of five offices in three countries. At the end of 2014 the firm had approximately 400 attorneys.

Orphans of the Tide

Orphans of the Tide is the first book of the trilogy of the same name written by Struan Murray and first published on 20 February 2020.

It was shortlisted for the 2021 Branford Boase Award Shortlist in April 2021.

Willkie Farr Gallagher

Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP, commonly known as Willkie, is an international law firm founded in 1888. It has over 750 lawyers, in 12 offices in six countries (including offices in New York, Washington, D.C., Houston, Palo Alto, San Francisco, Chicago, Paris, London, Rome, Milan, Frankfurt, and Brussels). The firm specializes in corporate practice. Supreme Court Justices Felix Frankfurter and Charles Evans Hughes began their careers at the firm, as did former Supreme Court nominee Robert Bork, and former New York Governor Mario Cuomo served as of counsel at Willkie Farr after leaving office. The law firm's profits per equity partner were $3.52 million in 2020.

GypsyCrusader

Paul Nicholas Miller (born August 11, 1988) known by his online username GypsyCrusader, is an American white supremacist. He uses the social media program Telegram to show videos about his political beliefs. He calls himself an investigative journalist and calls his videos "News for Patriots, Christians and God loving Americans."

Miller was convicted of making and selling drugs in 2007 and 2009. In 2021, FBI agents and Fort Lauderdale police officers arrested Miller for having a gun. In Florida, where Miller was, people who have been convicted of large crimes are not allowed to have guns. Miller said he needed a gun because he was afraid of Antifa and Black Lives Matter. Miller said he did not know he was not allowed to have a gun.

The lawyer for the government, Kiran Bhat, said that Miller was dangerous because he was a white supremacist and asked the judge not to let him out on bail before his trial but instead make him stay in jail. Miller's own lawyer said that Miller's videos were only entertainment and theater and that Miller was not dangerous. The judge agreed with that.

Embassy of the United Kingdom, Berlin

The Embassy of the United Kingdom, Berlin () is the United Kingdom's diplomatic mission to Germany. It is located on 70-71 Wilhelmstraße, near the Hotel Adlon, in Berlin. In October 2021, the ambassador is Jill Gallard.

Before moving to the current location of the embassy, the embassy could be found used Building Leipziger Platz 12, the Dutch Palace and other places from 1797 to 1803. The original building at 70 Wilhelmstraße, known as the Palais Strousberg and designed by August Orth, was finished being created in 1868 by the railway businessman Bethel Henry Strousberg. The United Kingdom would officially buy the place in December 1884, as they were previously just renting it for use as the embassy.

After World War 1 started and relations with the United Kingdom and Germany started being bad, the building would become empty. It would only be in 1920 that the United Kingdom would start to use it again, as the war had ended. However, the building would return to being empty after World War 2 started, as United Kingdom-Germany relations became bad again. After allied bombing on Germany, the building would become very damaged. After the end of the war, it was decided that the building would be completely destroyed in 1950. The United Kingdom still owned the land though.

Between 1949 and 1991, Germany was split in 2 countries, East Germany and West Germany. The British Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Germany (West Germany) was based in Bonn, the capital city of West Germany. The British embassy to the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) was near the old embassy, at Unter den Linden 32-34.

After the reunification of Germany, the German government returned to Berlin. After this, the British government decided to go back to the Wilhelmstraße embassy spot. A new building was opened by Queen Elizabeth II on the 18 July 2000.

This article contains material that was originally translated from the German Wikipedia article .
That article contains the following references:-

Fight the New Drug

Fight the New Drug is an anti-pornography non-profit organization based in the United States. It was founded in 2009 and calls itself as "a non-religious and non-legislative organization." Fight the New Drug says that pornography is like a drug, and argues that it is a public health issue.

The group spreads its messages with presentations and videos. It focuses on people from ages 18 to 24.

In a 2015 campaign, Fight the New Drug posted 100 billboards in the San Francisco Bay Area which said "Porn Kills Love". In addition, the group promotes its campaign using social media presence and by selling products, such as T-shirts and marketing kits.

In 2016, the group is allowed to give its material to students in some public school districts in the United States. In 2018, the group released a three-part documentary film entitled "Brain, Heart, World."

Terry Crews, a former football player and actor, has endorsed Fight the New Drug. He also did an interview with "Consider Before Consuming", a podcast by Fight the New Drug. In his book "Manhood" (2014), he wrote about how he was first addicted to porn at the age of 12 years old. It went on even when he grew up, eventually deeply affecting his marriage to his wife, Rebecca.

Actress Marisol Nichols has publicly supported Fight the New Drug on social media. He also went on an episode of Fight the New Drug's "Consider Before Consuming" podcast, where she talks about her work on fighting human trafficking.

In August 2019, former NBA star Lamar Odom said he had given up pornography as part of building a healthier lifestyle for himself and for his future work in basketball. Lamar Odom went on an episode of Fight the New Drug's podcast, "Consider Before Consuming". He has been seen several times wearing Fight the New Drug's signature "Porn Kills Love" T-shirt.

In March 2018, the Kansas City Royals became the first Major League Baseball (MLB) team to take a stand against pornography. The Royals held an anti-pornography seminar for players during their spring training put on by Fight the New Drug. Dayton Moore, the Kansas City Royals General Manager, has talked about pornography before, saying, "We talk about pornography, and the effects of what that does to the minds of players and the distractions, and how that leads to abuse of—domestic abuse—to abuse of women."

In May 2019, Garrett Jonsson, a Fight the New Drug presenter, was interviewed in Jada Pinkett Smith's show "Red Table Talk" in an episode called "Does Porn Ruin Relationships?"

In an interview with Fight the New Drug, Elizabeth Smart talks about how pornography had played a role in her kidnapping. Smart said of her kidnapper to Fight the New Drug, "I can't say that he would not have gone out and kidnapped me had he not looked at pornography. All I know is that pornography made my living hell ... worse." Smart was also in a video made by Fight the New Drug, and continues to talk about the dangers of pornography.

YouTuber Chaz Smith has been a supporter of Fight the New Drug. Smith's May 2018 YouTube video, "What Was He Looking At?", shares statistics related to porn viewing and how it affects people. Chaz Smith also went with Fight the New Drug to Guatemala, where they did an anti-pornography presentation for locals.



Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends (video game)

Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends is a video game developed and published by Crave Entertainment and released for the Game Boy Advance line of handhelds on October 17, 2006. The game is based on the animated series with the same name.

The player controls Mac or Bloo. Both characters can throw paper balls, and you barely have to do that. Mostly you spend time collecting items to complete objectives. There are also three boss battles with Terrence, who mostly fires his slingshot and is accompinied by another enemy in the second and third battles. Mac and Bloo both have different abilities. Mac can slingshot paper balls (but only after the first fight with Terrence), double-jump to reach higher platforms, and duck to avoid flying objects. Bloo can roll his body into a ball to get into narrow spaces. Both of them have the abilities to slide down banisters, launch paper balls, talk to non-playable characters, and hide from enemies. Talking can give you an advantage. For example, every time the player would need to get up to a higher place that Mac can't double-jump to, if Wilt is around, talking to him will get him to lift the player up. Sometimes, you have to make it past enemies. Bendy is the most common enemy. He throws things down from above. Hitting him with a paper ball will make him cry and stop doing things for a short amount of time. Getting hit by an enemy will deplete the player's health, which is a row of three candies. Every time you get hit, you lose a candy, but you could collect more to replenish them. Dying will cause you to come from the door you last entered. The game has three minigames which can be unlocked by collecting Game-Hive tickets. When the player enters a door they might switch characters. The player is not in control of who they are using. Every time he or she enters a door, there is a chance of characters switching. In the final battle with Terrence and Duchess, the player can change between Mac and Bloo at any time.


Camp Lazlo: Leaky Lake Games

Camp Lazlo: Leaky Lake Games is a video game released for Game Boy Advance. It was released on November 6, 2006, as a tie-in to the show. The game is published by Crave Entertainment and developed by Collision Studios.

The player plays as the three main characters (Lazlo, Clam and Raj) to compete in a series of game challenges and earn merit badges in the Leaky Lake Games event. That will allow them to compete against the Squirrel Scouts in a final tournament. In the game, the player meets characters, such as Scoutmaster Lumpus, Slinkman, Edward, and many others to receive hints and directions in achieving goals in the game. 

They trigger some of the mini-games, which are all timed. The game received generally mixed reviews.


Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi: Kaznapped!

Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi: Kaznapped! (ひ！ひ！ ぷふぃ あみゆみ, Hi! Hi! Puffy Amiyumi) is one of the 2 video games based off the series. This one was made exclusively for Nintendo's Game Boy Advance.

Ami and Yumi had just got back from a world tour concert and decide to take a break. Kaz asks them why they aren't making new songs, and Ami and Yumi respond by telling him they were tired. Then Harmony came walking in asking Ami and Yumi to play another concert and they again claimed they were tired. So Harmony hypnotizes Kaz and kidnaps him while Ami and Yumi were stuck to the ground by a giant lollipop that Harmony threw. Their cats, Jang Keng and Tekirai, come and lick them free and Ami and Yumi start a new journey to rescue Kaz.


Red October

Red October or Krasny Oktyaber may mean:


Generator Rex: Agent of Providence

Generator Rex: Agent of Providence is the first console video game based on the critically acclaimed Cartoon Network series "Generator Rex". It is available for the Nintendo DS, Nintendo 3DS, Wii, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. It was released November 1, 2011 in the USA and November 4, 2011 in the UK.

Rex goes on a mission to defeat the Multi-faced EVO in Mexico. Once he cures it he discovers a piece of a blueprint hidden in a church which later is stolen by Breach. This causes Rex to lose some of his builds. He reports this happening to Providence and is sent to the Amazon jungle on another mission from Providence.

A massive group of EVOs is migrating through the Amazon to Dr. Rylander's lab, where Rex copies Rylander's data, learning that the piece Breach stole is part of a Omega-1 Nanite blueprint. He is then quickly attacked by the Rabbit EVO, whom he later defeats. Breach steals a blueprint piece again as Rex returns to Providence.

Afterwards, Rex goes to Hong Kong with Bobo Haha to stop Quarry from stealing items from a bank, including a piece of the blueprint. To Rex's interest here they encounter his love, Circe. He finds out that she is working for Van Kleiss again, as he helped her escape from him. Rex is ambushed by Breach and he and Bobo are separated. Later, Rex stops Quarry but he is knocked into a river, unable to get the blueprint.

Rex leaves Hong Kong right when Quarry gets out of the river and gives Circe the blueprint. It is later revealed that Circe is only helping Van Kleiss so that she can become a normal girl again. Back at Providence, Rex's brother, Caesar Salazar, tells Rex that Van Kleiss can never make another Omega-1 Nanite because he has a quarter of the blueprint memorized in his mind.

Suddenly Doctor Holiday is attacked and is taken into the Petting Zoo. Once she is safe, Rex goes to the landing platform to save Caesar but Van Kleiss manages to kidnap him. Rex later sets out to find the rest of the blueprints, going to Aquania and discovering that the entire area has turned into an EVO and is trying to kill him.

Once inside Rex discovers that Biowulf has taken Serge hostage, believing he has the blueprint piece. Rex defeats Biowulf and is informed by Serge that in order to save Aquania he must cure its Heart. Rex successfully fights the Heart and cures it. Afterwards Serge finds the blueprint piece and meets up with Rex, telling him to get the cursed thing out of his sight.

However, before Rex can get back to Providence, he is transported to Breach's pocket dimension. Once there he once again fights the Rabbit EVO. Rex then confronts Breach and makes her open a portal back to the real world by destroying her toys, escaping with the Aquania blueprint. Rex goes to Abysus to find Caesar and bring him back.

Circe steals Rex's blueprint when kissing him. Once Rex rescues his brother, Van Kleiss informs him that he had already created his Omega-1 Nanite, resulting with him becoming a giant EVO When he loses control of the nanite, Rex explains he tampered with the blueprint. Rex defeats Van Kleiss with the help of Circe, they then return to Providence where he and Bobo decide to go partying before the next end of the world crisis pops up.








Dashboard Confessional

Dashboard Confessional is an American rock band from Boca Raton, Florida, led by singer-songwriter Chris Carrabba.
Dashboard Confessional's influences include Sunny Day Real Estate, Elvis Costello, Jawbreaker, The Beach Boys, Tom Petty, Embrace, Green Day, Refused, Seaweed, Weezer, Bob Dylan, Jawbox, R.E.M., Counting Crows, Knapsack, Ani DiFranco, Goo Goo Dolls, Nirvana, Rites of Spring, The Promise Ring and Billy Bragg.

Atlantis: The Lost Empire (video game)

Atlantis: The Lost Empire is an action game based on the , developed by Eurocom for the PlayStation console, Game Boy Advance and Game Boy Color.


The player takes control of Milo and the other characters Vinny, Audrey and Moleire and in some stages also Princess Kida as they cross Atlantis and stop the evil schemes of Commander Rourke and save Atlantis itself from doom. Some features in the game unlock special features such as a movie for a level by finding Atlantean symbols that spell Atlantis.  The characters each have their own unique moves to get through an obstacle or solve a puzzle in the game.

Goodbye Mr. Fish

"Goodbye Mr. Fish" is the 2nd episode of "The Cosby Show". It was first broadcast on NBC on September 27, 1984. It was written by Earl Pomerantz. Jay Sandrich is the director of the episode. In the episode, Rudy Huxtable's pet goldfish dies. Her parents try to tell her why it is dead.

The father Cliff tries to nap after working for a long time. Vanessa (his third daughter) tells him that Rudy's (the youngest daughter) goldfish has died, and Rudy does not know. Cliff and Vanessa try to help Rudy understand why her goldfish died. Rudy learns and starts feeling depressed. Later in the day, Cliff's older children Denise and Theo make jokes about the dead goldfish. Theo says that they should have a funeral for it. Cliff makes everyone in the family wear black clothing for the fish's funeral in their bathroom. Rudy is not interested in the funeral and goes away to watch television. 

This was the first episode made for "The Cosby Show". It was finished being made on August 1, 1984. The episode before it ("Pilot") was made three months earlier. The show was recorded on an NBC studio in Brooklyn. It had six sets: a living room, a master bedroom, a kitchen, a child's bedroom, a hallway, and a bathroom.

The episode got a Nielsen rating of 22.5. This means that about 19.1 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast. "TV Guide" put the episode as number 15 in their list of 100 Greatest Episodes of All-Time. Earl Pomerantz got a nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award for writing the episode.

David Hinckley from the "Daily News" said that Rudy is "impossibly cute" in the episode. Marcy Carsey uses this episode to show how "The Cosby Show" makes stories of how people act to small events. Lisa Schwarzbaum from "The Entertainmeny Weekly" said that many people think that it is the most memorable episode of "The Cosby Show". Allison Samuels from "Newsweek" remembers Bill Cosby (who was the role of Cliff Huxtable) for the fish's funeral. William Raspberry from "The Washington Post" and Graham Jefferson from "USA Today" talked about the episode when they talked about good moments of "The Cosby Show". Cosby talked about it in "Ebony" when making a list of good episodes. The season 4 episode "Looking Back" makes a flashback to this episode.

Ed, Edd n Eddy: Jawbreakers!

Ed, Edd n Eddy: Jawbreakers! is a 2D side-scrolling video game developed by Climax Group and published by BAM! Entertainment. It was released exclusively for the Game Boy Advance on September 15, 2002. Based on Cartoon Network's animated television series "Ed, Edd n Eddy", the game mirrors Ed, Edd, and Eddy's television quest to make money to buy jawbreakers.

Cartoon Network later released "" in 2005 and "" in 2007.

Players control the Eds, the series' titular characters, to collect raffle tickets for competition in a contest to win a lifetime supply of jawbreakers. Ed, Double D, and Eddy use resourceful means to earn money, solve physical puzzles, interact with neighborhood children, and find hidden goodies. Ed can head-butt; Double D can use a slingshot or a wrench and activate context-sensitive switches; and Eddy can use the hypnotizing wheel or the jetpack. Players control one Ed at a time, each with his own unique strength and weakness, and may dynamically cycle through the three main characters. The game's 29 levels each offer a short animated cut-scene at the beginning and end.

The game received negative reviews among critics, with IGN's Craig Harris criticizing the game's lack of a tutorial. Others complained of lack of indication as to time necessary to complete levels coupled with each level's time limit. Harris also criticized the game's timing, as its blueprints are based on "The Lost Vikings", which was shipped as a Game Boy Advance conversion only a week before "Jawbreakers!"'s release.


Terrorism and Kebab

Terrorism and Kebab (, transliterated: Al-irhab wal kabab) is a 1992 Egyptian black comedy movie directed by Sherif Arafah and also starring Adel Emam, Yousra, Kamal el-Shennawi, Ahmed Rateb.

Ma'ali al Wazir

Ma'ali al Wazir () is a 2003 Egyptian mystery movie directed by Samir Seif and starring Ahmed Zaki, Yousra, Lebleba, Omar El-Hariri.

Epididymectomy

An epididymectomy is a male sterilization surgery that removes the epididymis, or the tube in the scrotum where the sperm become able to move. An epididymectomy can be done on either one side or both sides of the scrotum. It does not always make the male animal sterile forever, because the tubing can grow back later. It is performed on animals such as bulls. It is sometimes done on human men if the men have pain after vasectomy, a tumor, or a cyst that is difficult to treat.


Vasectomy

A vasectomy is a male sterilization surgery that involves snipping the vas deferens, which is the reproductive tube that carries sperm from a male's epididymis all of the way to this man's prostate. More than 500,000 men each year in the U.S. get vasectomies for birth control purposes, and one out of every 2,000 vasectomies subsequently ends up failing.

Happy Birthday to Me

Happy Birthday to Me is a 1981 Canadian American horror movie directed by J. Lee Thompson and starring Melissa Sue Anderson, Glenn Ford, Lawrence Dane, Sharon Acker, Frances Hyland, Matt Craven, Tracey E. Bregman, Jack Blum. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Shimla district

Shimla is a district in the state of Himachal Pradesh in northern India. Its headquarters is the state capital of Shimla. Neighbouring districts are Mandi and Kullu in the north, Kinnaur in the east, Uttarakhand in the southeast, Solan to the southwest and Sirmaur in the south. The elevation of the district ranges from to .

As of 2011 it is the third most populous district of Himachal Pradesh (out of 12), after Kangra and Mandi. It is the most urbanized district of Himachal Pradesh.

The most commonly practised religions in the district is Hinduism and Sikhism. Pahari Panjabi and Dogri Panjabi are the languages spoken. Tourism and agriculture/horticulture are the majors source of income. 

The Lion King: Simba's Mighty Adventure

Disney's The Lion King: Simba's Mighty Adventure is a video game based on the Walt Disney Feature Animation film, "The Lion King" and the DVD only sequel, "", came out on PlayStation and Game Boy Color December 22, 2000. Unlike the older "The Lion King" video game, it was more like the film and the storyline carried on into "The Lion King II: Simba's Pride". The bosses Simba faces in this game are Scar and Zira.

The game's gameplay varied between the two consoles.

Due to the PlayStation console's 3D graphics, the gameplay became slightly more varied. Simba's capabilities are identical to the first "The Lion King" video game in which he can growl, leap, roll and run.

The game is mostly a side-scrolling platformer with occasional levels where the camera is top-down. The gameplay is very similar to the first "The Lion King" video game, in which the player takes control of Simba and must leap and run between platforms while fighting enemies and avoiding pitfalls. During levels Simba can collect pawprint-shaped tokens which add to the overall score.


In the PlayStation version, voices, music and sound effects from the film were used. Clips from the film are placed between levels although many of the lines were redubbed by other Lion King related actors, including but not limited to Cam Clarke, Shaun Fleming, Vanessa Marshall, Jim Cummings, and Kevin Schon.

In the Game Boy Color version of the game there was only one piece of music used on every level. Some of the animation for both adult Simba and cub Simba was recycled from the previous "The Lion King" video game.

The PlayStation release of the game generally received negative reviews as it was criticized for being too short and for the repetitive level designs.


Amazon Women on the Moon

Amazon Women on the Moon is a 1987 American science fiction comedy movie directed by Joe Dante, John Landis, Peter Horton, Carl Gottlieb, Robert K. Weiss and starring Arsenio Hall, Steve Allen, Lou Jacobi, Monique Gabrielle, Michelle Pfeiffer, Rosanna Arquette, Henry Silva, Kelly Preston, Ed Begley Jr., BB King. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Johnny Bravo in The Hukka Mega Mighty Ultra Extreme Date-O-Rama!

Johnny Bravo in The Hukka Mega Mighty Ultra Extreme Date-O-Rama! (Also known as: Johnny Bravo Date-O-Rama!) is a party video game developed by EM Studios and published by Blast! Entertainment for the PlayStation 2. The game is based on the Cartoon Network animated series "Johnny Bravo" as well as the game. It was released in Europe on November 1, 2007 & Australia on May 15, 2008. In Nintendo DS version it was published by MumboJumbo released in North America on June 9, 2009

The gameplay is similar to Nintendo's "Mario Party" video game series. Players can experience places from Johnny Bravo in a party video game. They can also play games based on the Johnny Bravo. Players can choose any of the Johnny Bravo characters they like. Such as like Mario Party DS or Mario Party 7 in Nintendo franchise.

Cartoon Network Racing

Cartoon Network Racing is a racing video game developed by Eutechnyx for PlayStation 2 and Firebrand Games for Nintendo DS, published by Danish video game developer The Game Factory, and released on December 4, 2006, in North America, and on February 9, 2007, in Europe. The gameplay is similar to Nintendo's 2003 game "", but the characters and racetracks are all from Cartoon Network's original animated television series. The six animated television series that are featured in the game, in alphabetical order, are "Courage the Cowardly Dog", "Cow and Chicken", "Dexter's Laboratory", "I Am Weasel", "Johnny Bravo", and "The Powerpuff Girls".

There are two characters the player must choose: a driver, who drives a go-kart, and a co-driver, who uses all weapons and has two "toon powers". There are tournaments which players must race a series of races and win with the most points. Battle modes in arenas let two teams battle in different modes, and Cartoon Eliminators are endurance races where last kart in each lap is eliminated. The karts have three stats: acceleration, speed, and handling (if chosen as driver). If co-driver, they have two toon powers that fall into four categories: Shield, Attack, Boost and Flight.

All 20 characters in the DS version get their own kart (the Powerpuff Girls have separate karts, unlike the PS2 version). Each character's toon power can be used when their toon power bar is full. There are 1-8 players available in this version. Unlike the PlayStation 2 version, there are two mini-games and three cartoons.

A gallery in the PlayStation 2 version contains two cartoons from each show. The first cartoon is unlocked by completing each cartoon-themed tournament while the other is unlocked by winning the super tournament with the driver of the series the player wants to unlock.

The DS version received "mixed" reviews, while the PlayStation 2 version received "generally unfavorable reviews" according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.

Lucas M. Thomas of IGN criticized the DS version for its similarities to the Mario Kart series, especially "Mario Kart DS", as well as for having no characters from other Cartoon Network shows that were airing new episodes at the time such as "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends", "Camp Lazlo", "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy", "", and "My Gym Partner's a Monkey". GameSpot's Aaron Thomas pointed out the same version's resemblance to "Mario Kart", but he explained that a younger audience would find the game more enjoyable than an audience of serious gamers would.


And Hope to Die

And Hope to Die (, ) is a 1972 French Italian Canadian crime thriller movie directed by René Clément and was based on the novel "Black Friday" by David Goodis. It stars Jean-Louis Trintignant, Robert Ryan, Aldo Ray, Lea Massari, Jean Gaven, Robert Party, Jean Coutu, Tisa Farrow, Daniel Breton and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Stuart Little 2 (video game)

Stuart Little 2 is a 2002 platform video game, based on the film of the same name. It is for PlayStation, Game Boy Advance, and PC.

A mouse named Stuart Little is in his brother George's bedroom. Stuart is sleeping on the top bunk when the alarm wakes up Stuart. He yawns, and rides a rope line down to the floor, and bounces on top of the deck to find a note from Margalo. It reads: "Dear Stuart, I'm in deep, deep trouble. The evil Falcons have been forcing me to steal jewelry for him from the people of New York. I want to stop, but I need your help to escape theses crime lords talons. Will you help me find all the hidden jewelry so we can return it to its rightful owners? If you can help, please come meet me in the backyard so we can begin the search. Your friend forever, Margalo."

The gameplay is based on the movie Stuart Little 2, giving players an open 3-D environment where players control Stuart and use moves like jumping, tail whip, ammo throw, and speaking with Margalo.









Codename: Kids Next Door – Operation: V.I.D.E.O.G.A.M.E.

Codename: Kids Next Door – Operation: V.I.D.E.O.G.A.M.E. (Villains In Detention Escape Outpost Growing Amalgamation Mega Enormously) is a 2005 platform game developed by High Voltage Software and published by Global Star Software. It was released for the GameCube, Xbox, and PlayStation 2, and is based on the American animated television series "", which aired from 2002 to 2008 on Cartoon Network.

"Operation: V.I.D.E.O.G.A.M.E." is one of the only two video games to be solely based on "Codename: Kids Next Door". The other, "", is a 2D platform game developed by Vicarious Visions for the Game Boy Advance.

One day, the KND are playing a videogame. While Numbuh 2 gives Numbuh 1 a training simulation helmet, which according to Numbuh 2 "a numbuh one size fits all." Then, the Toilenator shows up and ties up the rest of the team, while Numbuh 1 thinks this is a simulation, not the real thing. So after he defeats the "simulated" Toilenator, he decides to throw him out the window, which he also thinks is simulated. After Numbuh 1 frees the team, and they inform him that the Toilenator is, in fact real, Numbuh 86 reports. The most dangerous villains the KND has fought have escaped from the maximum security prison at the KND Arctic Base. Numbuh 86 states that while she will normally get the other KND sectors to help out they are all at the beach and so Sector V is tasked with recapturing the villains and taking them to their even more maximum security prison on the dark side of the moon. She also mentions that Gramma Stuffum has taken over the Sprinkle Puff Donut Shoppe and is filling the donuts with liver and spinach creme Numbuh 1 has decided to go after Gramma Stuffum and assigns Numbuhs 2, 3, and 5 to track down the other villains while leaving Numbuh 4 to guard the Treehouse (a role in which with he is not happy). Numbuh 1 makes his way through the Sprinkle Puff Donut Shoppe through a giant oven, a giant fan, a river of dough, and finally confronting Gramma Stuffum and her Chuck Wagon in her lair. After he defeats Gramma Stuffum Numbuh 1 gets a call from Numbuh 4 (who really needs the toilet) informing him that the KND Treehouse is covered in snot. Numbuh 1 is convinced that all the snot means the Common Cold has invaded the treehouse. He informs all of Sector V that the treehouse is under attack and Numbuh 5 heads back to stop him meanwhile a mysterious person steals the engine core from the Chuck Wagon.

Arriving back at the treehouse Numbuh 5 finds out that the Common Cold has infected the Treehouse Security System And turns the defences against her so Numbuh 5 is tasked to get through the snot infested Treehouse to try and turn off the Treehouse Security System, defeat the Flu Bugs and W.A.T.C.H.B.O.T.S and free Numbuh 4.

After Numbuh 5 achieves this, the Common Cold introduces his Snot Bomber, which happens to be floating outside the treehouse. Numbuh 2 appears piloting the KND C.O.O.L.B.U.S, which he uses to chase the Common Cold through the countryside, city and finally confronting the Snot Bomber at the beach. Afterwards the same mysterious person appears in a jetpack and takes the power core from the Snot Bomber, causing it to plummet to the ground, but Numbuh 2 doesn't notice this because he is trying to pick up the phone he dropped.

While Numbuh 4 is at ‘the toilet we never use’ (as all the other toilets are still full of snot and he has been holding it in since the Common Cold captured him), the power goes out and one-by-one, Count Spankulot has turned the KND (excluding Numbuh 4) into spank-happy vampires.

Once Numbuh 4 finds out about his teammates, he travels through the treehouse to find and defeat them.

Once all the KND are back to normal, they have decided their next course of action will be catching all the hamsters to repower the treehouse (as Count Spankulot has released them while Numbuh 4 is fighting the other KND members). Unfortunately chasing the hamsters tires them out, except for Numbuh 3, who thinks this as a game. So Numbuh 3 is assigned to catch all the hamsters throughout the treehouse and restart the power core.

Once Numbuh 3 powers up the treehouse, Numbuh 1 has decided to strike back at Count Spankulot. Numbuh 1 heads out and browses the neighborhood to free children, defeat Count Spankulot's minions, and to confront Count Spankulot at the School Clocktower among a barrage of enemies.

After Count Spankulot's defeat, Numbuh 86 reports again. He states that while the KND are fighting Count Spankulot, Sector P has spotted Stickybeard and the Sweet Revenge off the coast of South Dakota. But their plan of using Numbuh 2's T.A.R.P.O.O.N to anchor a rope so Numbuh 5 may board the Sweet Revenge and capture Stickybeard has to be adjusted because of Numbuh 4's curiosity of pressing buttons resulted in the T.A.R.P.O.O.N being fired at the Treehouse instead of the Sweet Revenge so they make a plan to make a new T.A.R.P.O.O.N by collecting all the parts from the boats of Stickybeard's henchmen.

Once the new T.A.R.P.O.O.N. is built, Numbuh 2 fires it at the Sweet Revenge and Numbuh 5 slid along the T.A.R.P.O.O.N. rope to the ship.

Numbuh 5 then makes her way through the ship, defeating all of the pirates until she confronted Stickybeard in his candy treasury room. After Numbuh 5 defeats Stickybeard the mysterious person is revealed to be Numbuh 5's older sister Cree, who while once used to be a KND operative now works for the Delightful Children From Down the Lane and Father, then after she traps Numbuh 5 under Stickybeard she takes his candy cane peg leg and leaves.

Later that night, Numbuh 86 informs Sector V that Knightbrace is collecting fireflies for 'Bug Brite' glow in the dark toothpaste. Knowing Knightbrace has to be stopped (and the fact she adores fireflies). Numbuh 3 volunteers to browse the neighborhood for fireflies after finding and befriending one of the fireflies (and using her surprising knowledge of firefly speak) she convinces the firefly and any other fireflies that Knightbrace has not captured to help her burn through the garden fences to where the fireflies are being held captive, the School Clocktower. From here, Numbuh 3 uses the fireflies not being held captive to burn the jar lids open. This leaves a glow from the tower once the fireflies leave.

The fireflies grateful at being freed help the KND find the location of Knightbrace's Cavity Cave, from where Numbuh 1 will find the passcodes to open the path to Knightbrace's lair. Once here, Numbuh 1 crosses a river of pure fluoride and gets to a Dentadrone spawner to short circuit the entrance to Knightbrace's lair. Once in the lair, Numbuh 1 finds Knightbrace in his Dental Assault Chair.

After Numbuh 1 defeats Knightbrace, Numbuh 4 finds the Toilenator trying to flood the Treehouse with sewage (as he has tried to do at the beginning of the game). Numbuh 4 makes his way through the flooding treehouse, defeating the Toilenator's new henchmen, Scrummy Mummies and Poohemoths, to his room. Numbuh 4 challenges the Toilenator to a race to Numbuh 4's toilet. When Numbuh 4 wins, the Toilenator is sent to the C.O.O.L.B.U.S with the other villains.

The KND begin to take off after they have checked the villains. Since they are all there, the KND blast off for the moon in the C.O.O.L.B.U.S. While they're up there, Numbuh 2 mistakes the DCFDTL's Mega-Mansion for the Moon. The KND defeat all the Assault Satilities and the DCFDTL's Mega-Mansion.

But no sooner have the KND done this, the DCFDTL's Mega-Mansion sends out a beam which merges the villains. With the amalgamation bearing down on them Sector V And Numbuh 86 activate the T.R.E.E.H.E.M.O.T.H. After the amalgamation is defeated an explosion destroys the amalgamation and sends the villains flying. Later at the Moon Base Sector V is given celebratory medals by Numbuh 86 then the credits roll. It's later discovered that the adventure is just Sector V playing the game as Numbuh 3 celebrates that they've finished the game and Numbuhs 2 and 5 discussing special moves for the game (with Numbuh 4 complaining that for the last time, sneaking is not a special move) Numbuh 1 reminds Sector V that the video game is in fact an important training exercise. However, the Toilenator then arrives at the Treehouse just like in the beginning suggest the events in the game are going to repeat themselves in reality.

The game received generally mixed ratings, with the Gamecube version having overall better reception than the PS2 or Xbox versions. IGN rated it poorly, 4.0 out of 10, criticizing its bad camera angles and unreliable controls.


Balmuri Falls

Balmuri Falls is a small water body that runs through Srirangapatna, Karnataka. The cascading water is a man-made waterfall over a dam. The Cauvery River flows through, with lush greenery and tall coconut trees surrounding it. 
The falls act as a tourist attraction but also continues to run along areas such as It is a car ride away from the city of Mysore and a mid-point for those traveling from Bangalore to enjoy its scenic views. Balmuri Falls is around 16.5 kilometres away from the Mysore and 138 kilometres away from Bangalore. Not only can one experience these falls but they can also visit Edmuri Falls, that flows a few kilometres away.

Its name is derived from the local language, Kannada and is named so due to the direction that river flows in. ‘Bala’ in the state’s language means, ‘Right’ while ‘Muri’ is ‘Turn.’ As the river flows slightly in a right direction, the dam thus, got its name. 

The dam was constructed in attempts to hold water of the Cauvery River. It was mainly built to help and control irrigation of the fields surrounding the river. Once it fills up, river water falls down a length of 6 to 7 feet from over the dam wall. The length of the dam approximately 1.6 km and drops off into the flow of mini waterfall due to a descent of 6 feet. 

The waterfall is open throughout the year for tourists but, it is most enjoyable from March to August. The summer time is apt to go for a dip or swim the Balmuri’s waters. The water levels are also relatively low during these months, making it safe to take a walk or play in it. Winter months can be pleasant to visit as well.

Visitors can choose this spot as a destination for picnics and leisurely strolls. There are also facilities for seasonal boat rides at the water cascade, when water levels are high enough. Along with this there are food stalls from which visitors can buy fresh food from. 

There are many other tourist attractions that can be visited near and around the vicinity, including this vast sanctuary. Being the largest of its kind in the state, it holds ground to many exotic, migrant and native birds. Is located 10 kilometres away from the falls and stretches across 40 acres of land. 

These gardens are known to be Mysore city’s greatest attraction. The vicinity also has the Krishna Raja Sagara Dam (KRS) built on the Cauvery river. Brindavan Gardens stretches over 60 acres and is located 8 kilometres away from Balmuri Falls.

This tourist attraction is also near Balamuri Falls and is known to be the summer palace of Tipu Sultan, a king from the Kingdom of Mysore. The palace is filled with history that visitors can experience, first hand. It stands 14 kilometres away from Balmuri Falls.

Though the falls have become a great tourist attraction, 48 deaths have been reported since 2008. Many of the youth from different districts in Karnataka have visited, some drowning to death. The depth of the water during the Monsoon season has been difficult to measure, causing many to drown. This has been caused due to numerous whirlpools that have acted as “death traps.” Authorities have reported many of the fatalities to be men under the influence of alcohol found at nearby shops. 
At certain periods of time, authorities have had to close down access to the falls due to opening of the Krishnaraja Sagar Dam (KRS). This dam holds most of the water flowing through the river Cauvery which surpasses dangerous levels that tourists can handle. 


The Last Summer of the Rich

The Last Summer of the Rich () is a 2014 Austrian drama movie directed by Peter Kern and starring Amira Casar, Nicole Gerdon, Winfried Glatzeder, Nicole Beutler, Margarete Tiesel.

OBA Market

"OBA Market" LLC is Azerbaijan based network of neighboring stores. The company currently has more than 1200 stores around the country.

"OBA Market" LLC, which included in the "Vodafone" Group of Companies, entered the retail market in Azerbaijan in 2016 with a new stores concept. The main goal of the chain is to provide customers with daily necessities.

Since 2020, the "OBA Market" LLC has multiplied the number of assortments and sells its own brands (PL-Private Label), as well as local and foreign brands. With the changes implemented from 2020, it moved out of the discount model and entered the convenience store model. 

The company rebranded and introduced a new logo in 2020. The new "OBA" logo consists of three components: the "OBA" logo, the green uniform, and the yellow stock. The main color of "OBA" Market LLC is green. Other colors of the logo make the targets clearer and more understandable. Green represents development, health, nature, freshness and generosity typical of "OBA Market”, yellow represents friendship, happiness and optimism, and white represents the purity and purity used to write the word "OBA".

New Hampshire's 3rd congressional district

Before 1883, the U.S. state of New Hampshire used to have a 3rd congressional district. The last representative is Republican Ossian Ray.

Maine's 3rd congressional district

Before 1963, the U.S. state of Maine used to have a 3rd congressional district. The last representative is republican Clifford McIntire.

A Stranger Among Us

A Stranger Among Us, also known as Close to Eden, is a 1992 American crime drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Melanie Griffith, Eric Thal, Mia Sara, Tracy Pollan, John Pankow, James Gandolfini, Chris Latta. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures and was a box office failure.


Richards town

Richards Town is in the North Bengaluru, Karnataka, India. It is in the Pulakeshinagar constituency. It is a suburban area which was developed during the British rule in India. The town is planned in the European Town Planning way. It has broad roads for horse carriages. 

Richards Town is in the North Bengaluru. The nearest post office of Richards Town is the Frazer Town Post Office. The pin code of the area is 560005. The police station is the Pulakeshinagar Police Station. The nearest airport, Kempegowda International Airport is 17.84 kilometres away from Richards Town. The nearest railway station to Richards Town is the Bangalore East Railways Station, which is located within the town. The closest Bus Depot to Richards Town is the Kalyan nagar Bus Depot, which is 4.8 kilometres away. 

The Vidhan Sabha constituency is the Pulakeshinagar constituency. The member of the Vidhana Sabha is Akhanda Srinivasamurthy, from the Indian National Congress. It is part of the Bangalore North Lok Sabha constituency. The member of the Lok Sabha is D.V.Sadananda Gowda, from the Bharatiya Janata Party.

One of the main attractions in Richards Town is the Richards Park. It was developed with the town during the British Period. It is more than a hundred years old. Richards Park is frequently visited by tourists as a part of walk-tours of Richards Town.

Holy Ghost Church is a significiant landmark in Richards Town. The church opened on May 24th, 1953 by Archibishop A S Colas of Pondicherry. Holy Ghost Chruch was opened on Pentecost Sunday, the Feast of the Patron. There are weekly masses held at the church. This church has the largest parish in the Archdiocese in Bengaluru. The church holds services and sacraments in three languages: Kannada, Tamil and English. 

Clarence High School is one of the schools in Richards Town. It was founded by the Redwood brothers, Alfred and Walter Redwood in 1914. It reached the 100 year milestone in the year 2014 and it was the fourth Anglo-Indian school to reach this milestone.

Soyuz 3

Soyuz 3 was a space flight by the Soviet Union in 1968. It used a Soyuz capsule flown by Georgy Beregovoy. He was 47 years old and the oldest person to go to space at that time. 81 orbits were made over 4 days.

2020 Karnataka Floods

The South Indian state of Karnataka experienced heavy floods on 18 August 2020 continuing till late October due to heavy rainfall. This was added trouble to the existing problem of pandemic caused by the virus, COVID19. Even before flood hit the areas, the Karnataka State Natural Disaster Management Centre predicted floods in the month of June itself, basing the observation on destruction caused in 2019 floods of the state. The flood fury was seen in 23 districts of the state, out of which the Malenadu region and all the districts of Coastal Karnataka were declared in flood zones. The districts like Belagavi, Kalburgi, Raichur and Bagalkot in northern part of the state received rainfall almost touching the highest of 21cms, which in normal conditions is as low as, below 10cms.  The Malenadu regions like Bhagamandala, Aiyamageri received 647mm of rainfall on an average in the year 2020.

Apart from increased downpour in the state,  many different reasons have been reported regionally. The capital of the state, Bengaluru is known to have more rainfall on an average, but in the last decade flood instances have cropped up time and again, it is attributed to amplified urbanisation causing stress on the natural resources, encroachment of flood plains, loss of vegetation and biodiversity, improper city planning leading to reckless constructions of sites and buildings. Along with these reasons, change in the river course of movement, deforestation and land modifications to accommodate tourists have been  the reasons for recurring floods and landslides in Malenadu region of the state. In northern Karnataka, heavy discharge of water from the Dams in Maharashtra and Karnataka, also aggravated the situation. Release of water from Ujjani Dam built on the river Bhima in Maharashtra rooted for flooding of 400 villages in Vijaypura, Kalburgi and Yadgir district. The Ghataprabha, Malaprabha, Tungabhadra, Almatti and Narayanapura, reservoirs were filled to the brim affecting Yadgir, Raichur, Ballari, Bidar, Vijayapura, Bagalkot, Belagavi, Dakshina Kannada, Udupi, Uttara Kannada, Gadag, Koppal, Haveri and Dharwad districts in north Karnataka.

The Karnataka Civil Administration called for a humanitarian response towards the destruction caused due to the floods. Twenty flood relief and ten Engineering Task force from Madras Engineering Group, Maratha Light Infantry Centre and Bison Division from Hyderabad were also employed to provide assistance in Yadgir, Gadag districts. More than two thousand crore rupees from State Relief Natural Disaster Fund was demanded for rebuilding houses, reestablishment of the lost livestock and creation of jobs. There was also a demand for extension of work days under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Generation Scheme by the state government in the light of fractured employment system due to the spread of COVID19 and loss of agrarian activities in floods.

Red October (steel factory)

The Red October factory or Krasny Oktyabr was a factory in the Soviet Union where people made steel. It became famous because the Soviet troops fought the Nazis there during the Battle of Stalingrad in 1942 and 1943.

The Modern Lovers

The Modern Lovers is a musical band started by Jonathan Richman. Richman liked the band The Velvet Underground, but his own sound was more simple. Many music experts say "Roadrunner" is one of the first punk rock songs. Musicians like the Sex Pistols, David Bowie, and the Pixies listened to the Modern Lovers.

The keyboard player in the Modern Lovers, Jerry Harrison, later joined the band The Talking Heads.

Mujhse Dosti Karoge

Mujhse Dosti Karoge! () is a 2002 Indian Hindi-language coming-of-age romance movie directed by Kunal Kohli and produced by Yash Chopra for his banner, Yash Raj Films. It stars Hrithik Roshan, Rani Mukerji and Kareena Kapoor. This movie is a remake of the 1996 American comedy "The Truth About Cats & Dogs."

"Mujhse Dosti Karoge!" marked the directorial debut of Kohli, who also co-wrote the screenplay and story with Aditya Chopra. The film's cinematography was jointly handled by Ravi K. Chandran and Gopal Shah, while Rahul Sharma served as the composer. "Mujhse Dosti Karoge!" was released on 9 August 2002. The movie received mixed reviews from critics and was successful at the box office. For her portrayal, Kareena Kapoor was nominated for Best Supporting Actress at the 4th IIFA Awards, but she was the only one to win any awards for the film.


Red October (chocolate factory)

The Red October or Krasny Oktybr chocolate factory was a place in Moscow where people made chocolate. It began in 1851.

Theodore von Einem started making candy and chocolate in 1851. The factory became famous in 1913 when it began selling candy to the Tsar. After the Russian Revolution, the factory's name was changed to State Confectionery Factory Number One in 1917. It was renamed Red October in 1922.

The Misha bear chocolate bear is one of the chocolates made at Red October. The Misha bear shows Russian national pride. The candy bear looks like paintings of brown bears by artist Ivan Shishkin. The factory started makinng Alyonka chocolate bars in 1966. Alyonka is the name of the fictional girl on the package.

In 2007, the factory had 3000 workers. The factory owners moved the factory out of central Moscow to a place outside the city. They moved the factory because the real estate in the middle of the city had become very valuable.

B♭ (musical note)

B (B-flat; also called si bémol) is the first note of the B♭ major scale. It is also enharmonic to A-sharp.


Wetterhoun

A Wetterhoun (West Frisian: "Wetterhûn" English: "Water dog") is a type of water dog breed that came from the Friesland province of the Netherlands. It was originally used as a hunting dog. The population is small which could threaten the breed.

Even though it is a very rare breed, it is still generally healthy. Hip evaluation, elbow evaluation, and Severe Combine Immune Deficiency Syndrome tests are recommend for the breed.

The breed is a little stubborn, but it usually stable.

B-flat

B-flat or B may refer to:


Holstein Friesian

Holstein Friesians are a breed of cattle originating from the North Holland and Friesland provinces of the Netherlands, and also the Schleswig-Holtstein state in northern Germany. Like other cattle, they are used as livestock for dairy and beef.

The breed weighs about 600 to 750 kg. A newborn calf weighs about 40 to 45 kg (sometimes even more). The breed is about about 1.45 m high. It can produce up to about 8,000 kg of milk per year (10,000 to 16,000 kg / year in top animals). It's milk is 4.2% fat and 3.4% egg white per liter (at high milk production the percentages may be slightly lower).

The Holstein Friesian could have originated after Frisian and Batavian cows were bred with each other, about 2000 years ago. Over the centuries, the cow is being used as a dairy breed. The breed was also popular abroad in the 19th century because of its high milk production. In the United States, Dutch cows were further bred. These cows were named Holstein-Friesian (the Holsteiners were introduced by German emigrants in the 17th century). In the second half of the 20th century, the descendants of the Dutch cows were cited in the Netherlands, because they produced more milk than the Dutch breeds Meuse-Rhine-Issel and Frisian-Holland. Since then, the black-colored Holstein-Friesian has been by far the most important cow breed in the Netherlands.

Kaabil

Kaabil () is a 2017 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Sanjay Gupta, written by Vijay Kumar Mishra, produced by Rakesh Roshan under his banner FilmKraft Productions. It stars Hrithik Roshan, Yami Gautam, Ronit Roy and Rohit Roy. The music was composed by Rajesh Roshan.

"Kaabil" was released theatrically on 25 January 2017 and received positive reviews. Roshan received the Nomination of Filmfare Award for Best Actor for his performance at the 63rd Filmfare Awards. The film was commercially successful despite performing weakly upon its release in China in 2019.


Taco Ockerse

Taco Ockerse (born July 21, 1955), known mononymously as Taco, is an English-language Dutch New Wave singer from the song "Puttin' On The Ritz" in 1982.





Baldini &amp; Castoldi

Baldini Castoldi Dalai Editore is an Italian publishing house, founded in 1897 and located under the arcades of Galleria Vittorio Emanuele in Milan. Baldini & Castoldi changed its name to Dalai Editore in 2011, and "Baldini & Castoldi" became a series of Dalai Editore. The company has published several successful authors.
In 1940 the management was renewed with the arrival of Enrico Castoldi that opened more to the presence in the catalog of foreign authors (especially Hungarian), but begin a descent of sales that took it to suspend its activities in 1970.

Some of the publisher's most successful authors are Enrico Brizzi, Giorgio Faletti, Fabio Geda, Gianluca Arrighi, Antonio Pennacchi, Aldo Busi and, since 1993, Paolo Mereghetti with his "Dictionary of the film".

Lavazza

Luigi Lavazza S.p.A. () is an Italian manufacturer of coffee products. Founded in Turin in 1895 by Luigi Lavazza, it was initially run from a small grocery store at Via San Tommaso 10. The business of Lavazza S.p.A. is currently administered by the third and fourth generations of the Lavazza family.

Lavazza imports coffee from around the world, including Brazil, Colombia, Guatemala, Costa Rica, Honduras, Uganda, Indonesia, United States and Mexico. Sustainable production concerns have led the company to develop the ¡Tierra! project, a sustainable agriculture program in Honduras, Colombia and Peru, that seeks to improve the quality of coffee as well as the environmental and working conditions of those communities.

Lavazza became a sponsor of Liverpool F.C. in 2018, and the Williams Racing team in the 2020 Formula One season. Also through the agreement reached in September 2020, Lavazza became the official coffee brand used by Juventus F.C.

Since 1991, Lavazza has produced the "Lavazza Calendar", featuring fashion photography from some of the world's leading photographers. The calendar is not available for purchase. Contributors have included Annie Leibovitz in 2009, David LaChapelle in 2002, Helmut Newton in 1993 and 1994, Ellen Von Unwerth in 1995, Eugenio Recuenco in 2007, Erwin Olaf in 2005, and Platon in 2018. The calendar has become a showpiece of conceptual fashion photography.

Cheek to Cheek (song)

"Cheek To Cheek" is a pop song by Fred Astaire provided was written by Irving Berlin in 1935. Taco Ockerse using the song synthpop version of "Cheek To Cheek" in 1983 by RCA Records. in other media by soundtrack from television and movies included, "Nutri Ventures" in English-dubbed version of the first episode.

Nautilus (counterculture publisher)

Nautilus is an Italian publisher based in Turin. Started in 1981, it is linked with Anarchism. One of its most prestigious publications is the translation of the complete collection of the issues of the Situationist International.


Pininfarina

Pininfarina S.p.A. (short for Carrozzeria Pininfarina) is an Italian car design firm and coachbuilder, with headquarters in Cambiano, Turin, Italy. It was founded by Battista "Pinin" Farina in 1930. On 14 December 2015, Mahindra Group acquired Pininfarina S.p.A. for about €168 million.

Pininfarina is employed by a wide variety of automobile manufacturers to design vehicles. These firms have included long-established customers such as Ferrari, Alfa Romeo, Peugeot, Fiat, GM, Lancia, and Maserati, to emerging companies in the Asian market with Chinese manufactures like AviChina, Chery, Changfeng, Brilliance, JAC and VinFast in Vietnam and Korean manufacturers Daewoo and Hyundai.

When automobile designer and builder Battista "Pinin" Farina broke away from his brother's coach building firm, Stabilimenti Farina, in 1928, he founded "Carrozzeria Pinin Farina" with financial help from his wife's family and Vincenzo Lancia. That first year the firm employed eighteen and built 50 automobile bodies.

After the war, Italy was banned from the 1946 Paris Motor Show. The Paris show was attended by 809,000 visitors (twice the pre-war figure), queues stretched from the main gate all the way to the Seine. Pinin Farina and his son Sergio, determined to defy the ban, drove two of their cars (an Alfa Romeo 6C 2500 S and a Lancia Aprilia cabriolet) from Turin to Paris, and found a place at the entrance to the exhibition to display the two new creations. The managers of the Grand Palais said of the display, "the devil Pinin Farina", but to the press and the public it was the successful "Turin coachbuilder's anti-salon".

It started in 1951 with a meeting at a restaurant in Tortona, a small town halfway between Turin and Modena. This neutral territory was chosen because neither Farina nor Enzo Ferrari wanted to meet at the other's headquarters. Battista’s son, Sergio Pininfarina recalled, "It is not difficult to imagine how I felt that afternoon when my father, without taking his eyes off the road for one moment told me his decision as we drove back to Turin: "From now on you'll be looking after the Ferrari, from A to Z. Design, engineering, technology, construction—the lot!"—I was over the moon with happiness."

From 1954 to 1955 Pinin Farina purchased land in Grugliasco, outside of Turin, for a new factory. "The factory in no way would look like the one of Corso Trapani. It would be a car no longer on my measurements but on those of my children, built looking like them; I had this in mind and wanted it," said Farina.

Starting with the planning for the new plant in Grugliasco in 1956, Farina started to groom his replacements–Sergio his son and Renzo Carli his son-in-law. To his heirs apparent, Farina said of the Corso Trapani facility "This old plant has reached the limits of its growth. It has no room for expansion and is far from being up to date. If I were alone I'd leave it as it is. But I want you to decide which way to go–to stay as we are or to enlarge. Either way is fine with me. It's your decision to make and I don't want to know what it is. I'm finished and it's your time to take over. The future is absolutely up to you." In 1958, upon leaving for a world tour Farina added, "In my family, we inherit our legacies from live people–not from the dead."

In 1961 at the age of 68, “Pinin” Farina formally turned his firm over to his son Sergio and his son-in-law, Renzo Carli, it was the same year that the President of Italy formally authorized the change of Farina’s last name to Pininfarina and the business took on the same name.

Pininfarina was run by Battista's grandson Andrea Pininfarina from 2001 until his death in 2008. Andrea's younger brother Paolo Pininfarina was then appointed as successor.

Great Soviet Encyclopedia

The Great Soviet Encyclopedia is one of the largest Russian-language encyclopedias, submitted in the Soviet Union from 1926 to 1990. After 2002, the encyclopedia's information was partially added into the later "Great Russian Encyclopedia" in an updated and changed form. The GSE said to be "the first Marxist–Leninist general-purpose encyclopedia".

The idea of the "Great Soviet Encyclopedia came" in 1923 on the idea of Otto Schmidt, a member of the Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union (today, the "Russian Academy of Sciences"). In early 1924 Schmidt worked with a group which had Mikhail Pokrovsky, (rector of the Institute of Red Professors), Nikolai Meshcheryakov (Former head of the Glavit, the State Administration of Publishing Affairs), Valery Bryusov (poet), Veniamin Kagan (mathematician) and Konstantin Kuzminsky to draw up a proposal which was chosen in April 1924. Also involved was Anatoly Lunacharsky.

Contributors to the GSE are in this list.

The third version was translated and submitted into English in 31 books between 1974 and 1983 by Macmillan Publishers. Each book was translated separately, making use of the index found at the front of each book to locate specific items; knowledge of Russian can be helpful to find the right book the first time. Not all versions were translated into English; these are indicated in the index. Articles from the English version are made available online by TheFreeDictionary.com.

The third version was translated into Greek and submitted in 34 books between 1977 and 1983 from Akadimos publishing company (owned by Giannis Giannikos), which has also translated various Soviet encyclopedias and literature. All articles that were related to Greece or Greek history, culture and society were expanded and hundreds of new ones were written especially for the Greek version. The encyclopedia contains, for example, both the Russian entry on Greece as well as a much larger one prepared by Greek contributors. Each article written especially in the Greek version is marked with the note "Greek version supplement" (or "Συμπλήρωμα ελληνικής έκδοσης" as written in the Greek translation).

Finally, a supplementary book covering the 1980s was submitted in 1989. It contains translated and original Greek articles which, sometimes, do not exist in the 34-book set. The articles of the Greek version are being gradually made digital now; the digital books can be found on "vivlio2ebook" blog, which is dedicated on digital various books in Greek language.

Publication of the "Great Soviet Encyclopedia" was suspended in 1990 and halted in 1991, but in 2002 it was reinstituted by decree of Vladimir Putin. In 2003 and 2004 a team of editors overhauled the old encyclopedia by updating facts, removing most examples of overt political bias, and changing its name to the "Great Russian Encyclopedia". Many outdated articles are being entirely rewritten. In 2004 the first book of the newly overhauled "Great Russian Encyclopedia" was submitted. The complete version of 35 books was released by 2017.

Publication of the "Great Russian Encyclopedia" is overseen by the Russian Academy of Sciences, and funded by the Government of the Russian Federation. The encyclopedia is now found in libraries and schools throughout the CIS. Additionally, the 1980s versions remain in widespread use, particularly as references in scientific and mathematical research.




Borsa Italiana

The Italian Bourse (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), based in Milan, is Italy's stock exchange. It manages and organises domestic market, regulating procedures for admission and listing of companies and intermediaries and supervising disclosures for listed companies. Borsa Italiana is also informally known as Piazza Affari ("Business Square"), after the city square of Milan where its headquarters (the Palazzo Mezzanotte building) is located.

The Borsa di commercio di Milano (Milan Stock Exchange) was established by Eugène de Beauharnais, viceroy of the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy, through decrees dated 16 January and 6 February 1808. It operated under public ownership until 1998, when it was privatized. In 1997, all the Italian stocks were merged. Before this year, other smaller stocks exchanges based in Naples, Turin, Trieste, Venice, Genoa, Florence, Bologna, Rome, and Palermo. In 1991, the electronic exchanges were approved, and in 1994, the market with grida (A,B,C) was abolished. In Milan were also the currencies exchange rates fixing and the commodities fixing. 

Idaho's at-large congressional district

Before 1913, the U.S. state of Idaho only had one congressional district. The last representative is republican Burton L. French.

Yemalur Main Road

Yemalur Main Road begins at Borewell Crossing at HAL Old Airport Road in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It runs behind the HAL Airport and meets with Wind Tunnel Road that connects to Murugesh Palya further West on Old Airport Road.

Yemalur Main Road falls under the Marathahalli Ward and C.V. Raman Nagar assembly constituency. The MLA (Member of the Legislative Assembly) of the constituency is S. Raghu. It falls under the Bangalore Central parliamentary constituency. The MP (member of Parliament) of the constituency is P.C. Mohan.

Yemalur Main Road begins on Old Airport Road from the Borewell Crossing. The road follows the length of the rear wall of the HAL Flight Testing Centre (HAL Airport) up until a narrow, kuccha pathway through Kempapura, which eventually opens out into Wind Tunnel Road. Its coordinates are from 12.955214, 77.689368 to 12.946359, 77.670829.

The pincode of Yemalur Main Road is Bangalore 560037. It lies in the Bangalore South taluk, and Bangalore East postal division.

A wide turning on Yemalur Main Road leads to the Bellandur Lake, defining the limits of Yemalur Village between the Bellandur lake and HAL airport.

The neighbourhood of Yemalur Main Road is a mixture of various economic classes of people. Where there are several high-rise apartments and villaments, there are also single-room apartments lining the road. The following is a list of apartments (along with villaments) on Yemalur Main Road (in the order that they appear starting at Borewell Crossing to the end of the road which meets at Wind Tunnel Road).

There is an important tech park at Yemalur Main Road called Divyasree Technopolis. This technopolis houses the offices of CGI Inc, Fujitsu, Thomson Reuters, Aditya Birla Group, Deloitte and Landmark Group.

There are several small temples that one may visit in the Yemalur area. These include Ranganatha Temple, Ganesha Temple, Basavanna Temple, Mulakantamma Temple and Shani Temple.

Another notable place close to Yemalur Main Road is Yemalur Bridge. It was constructed at the boundary of Yemalur Village to connect it to Bellandur Lake Road after there were complaints that the lake flooded into homes in Yemalur after heavy rainfall. This bridge paves the way between Bellandur and the offices at tech parks at Yemalur Main Road.

The schools in the Yemalur Main Road area are mostly primary schools, except for Neev Academy (which has classes up to high school). Neev Academy is located 550 metres away from Yemalur Bridge.

The primary schools in this area are as follows.

Yemalur Main Road has links to several locations in india.

Marathahalli lies to the East of Yemalur Main Road. 500 metres into the road, there is a kuccha road or walkway to go to Marathahalli market. You cannot drive through this path, only walk or cycle.

Yemalur Main Road gets its name from being the road that takes you from HAL Old Airport Road to Yemalur Village.

The NAL Wind Tunnel Road begins where Yemalur Main Road ends. It provides a link between Yemalur and Bellandur to Murugesh Palya, Old Airport Road.

A wide turning on Yemalur Main Road will take you straight to Bellandur Lake Road. This lake is commonly known as Snowfall Lake. This is because the pollution in the lake creates a stinky, white foam. This foam has even caught fire a few times.

The Bellandur Lake Road starting in Yemalur is the way towards Bellandur. This will take you the Bellandur Main Road, which eventually leads out to the Outer Ring Road.

The HAL Flight Testing Centre or HAL Airport runs adjacent to the Yemalur Main Road. Residents of this road are prone to hearing the loud noise created by the aircrafts while they take off and land. The noise has increased as of December 2020 because the Flight Testing Centre was made an airport for chartered aircrafts.

Kempapura is the area between the end of Yemalur Main Road and the beginning of Wind Tunnel Road.

Ambedkar Nagar falls directly after Kempapura towards the direction of the East.

One of the main problems in homes and workplaces in and around Yemalur Main Road include the stench which comes from Bellandur Lake. The foam is another issue which causes major grievance to the residents in the area. This is accompanied with the flooding of several homes in Yemalur Village and neighbouring areas by Bellandur Lake. This often used to happen after heavy rains.

Another problem that residents of Yemalur Main Road and Yemalur Village have is the road problem. The narrow connecting street between Yemalur Main Road and Wind Tunnel Road is a 300 metre stretch which is terrible quality and has potholes all over it. This road is the official property of HAL Bengaluru, so the fixing of potholes is the responsibility of HAL. Due to lack of funds, this road has not been repaired.

Hatha Coco Nest is an upcoming apartment building in the Yemalur Main Road area. Possession of flats in this apartment will begin in June 2021. Other recent constructions in the area include Sai Smaran Sai Garden, Prestige Kew Gardens, Rohan Jharoka II Apartments, R.S. Green View Apartments and Sai Johith Homes.

Sanborn's tree frog

Sanborn's tree frog ("Dendropsophus sanborni") is a frog that lives in Paraguay, Uruguay, Argentina, and Brazil.

Structuralism

Structuralism is an idea in many sciences, especially social sciences. Structuralism says that when looking at the way culture works, it is important to look at the structure. For example, structuralism is important in the study of languages and how they affect culture. The word structuralism comes from "structure." It has been in use since the 19th century.

Systems have structure:

King Charles Spaniel

The King Charles Spaniel (also called the English Toy Spaniel, especially in the United States) is a small dog breed of the spaniel type. 

In 1903, the Kennel Club in the United Kingdom combined four small spaniel breeds into a single breed of dog and called it the King Charles Spaniel. The other breeds merged into this breed were the Blenheim, Ruby and Prince Charles Spaniels. Originally from East Asia, toy spaniels were first seen in Europe during the 16th century. They were often seen with English royalty and were made famous by their association with King Charles II. They are very closely related to the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel and the two were considered the same breed until 1945 when the Kennel Club divided them into two seperate breeds. This breed has a smaller skull and shorter nose than the Cavalier.

These dogs come with four different types of coats (which came from the four breeds that contributed to making this breed):

Usually very contented but can get excited when around children. Unlike most of the other spaniel breeds, the King Charles does not require much exercise and will be quite happy with just a short stroll every day.

The Inquiry

The Inquiry was a study group that U.S. President Woodrow Wilson created to help him decide what the post-World War I peace should look like. The Inquiry made various suggestions about this topic, some of which were adopted and some of which weren't adopted. Some members of the Inquiry ended up creating the Council on Foreign Relations (which is independent from the U.S. government) later on.

The Inquiry said that the German Empire should give Alsace-Lorraine back to France, that France should get the parts of the Saarland that it controlled before 1815, that the Rhineland should be demilitarized, that Belgium stop being neutral, that Belgium should get some territory in the Maastricht and Malmedy regions, that Luxembourg should either be annexed to Belgium or have its independence brought back, and that there should be a vote in northern Schleswig to decide whether it will stay with the German Empire or rejoin Denmark. The Inquiry also said that if Russia could become a real democratic federation, then the Baltic states (other than Lithuania) and Ukraine should reunite with Russia since this would be in the best economic interests of everyone. The Inquiry also said that if the Bolsheviks will keep control of Russia, then the independence of both the Baltic states and Ukraine would have to be recognized on the condition that there would be a vote in these territories on a future reunion with Russia once Russia will stop being ruled by Bolsheviks. The Inquiry's proposed borders for Latvia, Estonia, and Ukraine were very similar to the borders that these countries had after 1991 in real life, with the Inquiry even saying that Ukraine should get Crimea. The Inquiry also said that Finland should be given its independence, that the Aland Islands should be given to Sweden, that an independent Poland be created along with a Polish Corridor so that it could have secure access to the Baltic Sea, that Poland and Lithuania should reunite, and that the door should be kept open for Poland to get both eastern Galicia and the Belarusian-majority territories to its north. The Inquiry said that Wilsonian Armenia should get independence and also that both Georgia (country) and Azerbaijan should get provisional independence, with the Inquiry having a favorable view of the idea of a future union between Armenia, Georgia, and Azerbaijan.

The Inquiry said that Czechoslovakia should be created in roughly the same borders that it was created in real life, with a combined Czech and Slovak majority but also with sizable German, Hungarian, and Ukrainian (Ruthenian) ethnic minorities. Similarly, the Inquiry's advice for Romanian expansion (into Transylvania, Bukovina, the eastern Banat, et cetera) and the creation of Yugoslavia were also followed. The Inquiry also said that Italy should get a northern border slightly to the south of the Brenner Pass in order to reduce the number of Germans who would end up under Italian rule without weakening Italy's security; this advice was not followed since Italy got the Brenner Pass border. The Inquiry also said that Italy should annex Istria but not Fiume due to the latter's importance for Yugoslavia but in spite of this, Italy ultimately ended up annexing both of these territories. The Inquiry said that both German Austria and Hungary should acquire and keep their independence and that Austria should not reunify with Germany–at least not yet. Also, the Inquiry said that Hungary should keep the Burgenland until it actually becomes clear that its people actually want to join German Austria.

The Inquiry gave no advice for Albania due to the complexity of the situation there. However, it did say that Constantinople should be made into an international state, that an independent Turkish state to be created in Anatolia under a League of Nations mandate, that independent Mesopotamian and Greater Syrian states should be created under League of Nations mandates, and that the option of an Arab confederation that includes both Mesopotamia and Syria should be kept option for the future. The Inquiry said that an independent Palestinian state under a British mandate should be created in Palestine that would also be a Jewish national homeland where Jews would be free to settle and would have their rights and freedoms respected. The Inquiry kept open the door to Palestine eventually getting a Jewish-majority population as a result of mass Jewish immigration into there. Finally, the Inquiry said that the King of Hejaz should not be given help to impose his rule on unwilling Arab tribes.

Charlotte Harbor (estuary)

Charlotte Harbor Estuary is the second largest bay in Florida. It is on the Gulf of Mexico coast of west Florida. It is in Charlotte County, Florida.

Council on Foreign Relations

The Council on Foreign Relations is a United States independent nonpartisan nonprofit organization, think tank, and publisher that was founded in 1921 and that is meant to help educate people (both Americans and foreigners) about foreign affairs. The Council on Foreign Relations talks about both the United States's foreign policy problems and other countries' foreign policy problems. It is also in charge of the journal "Foreign Affairs", which it has published ever since 1922.

Lamberto Mari

Lamberto Mari (born 7 September 1933) is an Italian diver. He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics and the 1960 Summer Olympics.


The Allegorical figures of Oranienbaum Palace of Russia (Pittoni)

The Allegorical feminine figures of Imperial Palace of Russia are paintings on canvas by Giambattista Pittoni, made between 1762 and 1767 and exhibited on the ceilings of the "Chinese Palace" in the Royal Palace Oranienbaum residence of the Romanov Emperors, in Lomonosov, near St Petersburg, Russia.

The ceiling is decorated with two allegorical figures painted on canvas and applied to decorate the halls of the Palace built by Catherine the Great of Russia, between 1762 and 1768, she commissioning the artworks to the most important Master of the Venetian Academy Giambattista Pittoni. The theme of female allegories was commissioned personally from by Catherine II, where the two figures recall "Perseverance", who holds a snake in her right hand, and "Magnificence", who holds an ovate in her left hand.

The figure of the Magnificence stylistically recalls the "Allegory of Music" of Villa Pisani (Venice). A model with "Allegory" in Palace Villa Widmann Foscari in Venice recalls this work whose figure was studied by Pittoni in a drawing of the Villa Widmann of the Gallerie dell'Accademia.




Kids World (movie)

Kids World is a 2001 American New Zealand children's adventure movie directed by Dale G. Bradley and starring Christopher Lloyd, Blake Foster, Anton Tennet, Olivia Tennet.

Chris Reifert

Chris Reifert (born February 23, 1968) is an American death metal musician, and is one of the pioneers of the death metal genre.

Danny Coralles

Danny Coralles is an American guitarist in the band Autopsy and was co-founder with drummer Chris Reifert of Abscess.

Danny Coralles is the guitarist for the band Autopsy.


Bacchus and Ariadne of Warsaw (Pittoni)

Bacchus and Ariadne of Warsaw (also known as Bacchus and Ariadne) is a 18th-century portrait painted in oil by Giambattista Pittoni, made around 1720, during the Rococo in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the National Museum of Warsaw in Poland capital.





Diana Taylor (superintendent)

Diana Lancaster Taylor (born February 6, 1955) is an American businesswoman. She was the New York Superintendent of Banks from 2003 to 2007. Taylor was the First Lady of New York City from 2002 to 2013. She is the domestic partner of politician and businessperson Michael Bloomberg.

Venus and Mars of Warsaw (Pittoni)

Venus and Mars of Warsaw (also known as Venus and Mars) is a 18th-century portrait painted in oil by Giambattista Pittoni, made around 1720-1730, during the Rococo in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the National Museum of Warsaw in Poland capital.

Giovanni Battista Pittoni was the most important painter of the Venetian eighteenth century, his fame made him receive numerous orders from foreign collectors and from the royal families of the time. Pittoni's "Venus and Mars of Warsaw" painting is characterized by elegance, lightness, richness of bright colors and Rococo. Pittoni is a virtuoso in rendering the textures of objects and the structures of fabrics. His most precious works have within them representations of "blue fabrics", named as "Blue Pittoni". In the National Museum of Warsaw, there are two paintings by the master Pittoni, which complement a pair (pendant), which complement each other in terms of composition and theme.

The two works depict famous couples from ancient mythology: "Bacchus and Ariadne" (inv. No. M. Ob.659) and' 'Mars and Venus" (inv. No. 47099). The heroes of the paintings are the figures of lovers facing each other, they are arranged in such a way that a figure is slightly higher and are accompanied by figures of cupids emerging from a fleshy and folded matter.

In the painting of "Bacchus and Ariadne" there is an allusion to the story of Ariadne and a branch of a vine, treated almost like the scepter of the god of fertility and wine, Bacchus. The scenes are set on swirling clouds, with patches of blue sky shining. In "Mars and Venus"the goddess appears to be looking down as she takes the arrow from Cupid's quiver, and perhaps is about to stab someone with it. With a playful smile, one of the cupids also looks down, the one sitting on the spear of Mars, as if he has already seen the future sacrifice of the goddess of love.

The paintings of ""Pittoni in Warsaw"", dated around 1720, are an excellent example of the Rococo style. They are kept in soft colors with pastel and pearl tones. The luminous skin of the figures is surrounded by intense patches of yellow or green drapery and the precious "Pittoni blue". Pittoni perfectly combines and renders light and airy materials (clouds and feathers) with heavy elements, such as the helmet of Mars or the quivers of Cupid.

Bacchus and Ariadne were on the left, and Mars and Venus on the right. At that time, they formed a closed composition with figures of Bacchus and Mars facing each other. Both images use synthesis, and a bottom-up perspective, indicating that they have been positioned high up and intended to be viewed from below. They are painted freely, almost cast, without defining outlines and details, which also shows that they were not created to be observed closely. Thanks to this artistic style, the compositions seen from afar take on air and lightness, joyful and elegant because they are destined for the high nobility.





Death at Broadcasting House

Death at Broadcasting House is a 1934 British mystery movie directed by Reginald Denham and was based on the novel of the same name. It stars Ian Hunter, Austin Trevor, Lilian Oldland, Henry Kendall, Val Gielgud, Peter Haddon, Betty Ann Davies, Jack Hawkins.

Pink Panther: Pinkadelic Pursuit

Pink Panther: Pinkadelic Pursuit is a tridimensional platform video game developed by Wanadoo. It was released for PlayStation, Microsoft Windows and Game Boy Advance on November 22, 2002.

The Pink Panther receives a letter from his uncle, which tells him that he must get home. Along the way, the Pink Panther remembers that her uncle was like a hero to hers, but she also thought that he had died since he was eaten by a big blue dinosaur. Then, the player (who plays the role of the Panther) has to go through the Panther's uncle's entire house, which is made up of twelve levels, until he reaches the attic where a treasure inherited from the panther's uncle is hidden. panther. Each level is made up of a large scenario (which is based on one of the Panther's uncle's trips) which consists of the panther having to steal objects from an individual. This individual gets angry and chases the panther until he can win by giving said object to another, so that this allows him to enter other parts of a level, so that finally the Panther manages to steal the key to the stage that will help him pass from one level to another. level. In addition, the game has special levels where the Pink Panther has to skate and avoid obstacles along the way to win the level. Other minor levels consist of the Pink Panther must defeat a boss through the use of explosives. In the final level, the Pink Panther has to face an antagonistic, animated version of Inspector Clouseau. After defeating him, it is discovered that the Panther's uncle was not dead and he wanted the Panther to recover the treasure and then escape with it. However, the Pink Panther was confused and upset by the situation, so she chased her uncle around the city.


The levels in the game are based from the following classic The Pink Panther cartoons:
The game is a platformer in a 2.5D perspective. The player, controlling the Pink Panther, must get out of the level by obtaining a key that opens the exit door. Keys are also needed to unlock the next levels. In order to progress through the level, the player must often steal certain items (such as a saucer of food from the waiter in the level "The Luxitania") and give them to characters who prevent the Panther from entering the next section of the level. Some aisles are blocked by boxes; They need to be blown up with bombs, which can also be found in the level. The Panther has three special moves: the Tail Flyer, which allows you to fly through the air for a short time, the Spinning Top, which allows you to eliminate enemies in the level (you can also jump on their heads), and the ability to blend in with the environment in certain places.

In some levels, the Panther will be on roller skates. Here, the player will need to react quickly in order not to crash.

There are three bosses in the game, each of which has the same tactic - to place bombs under their feet (in the case of a dinosaur, put a bomb along with a bone for it to eat) and blow them up until the bosses run out of life. For each boss elimination, the player gains one extra life.

Each level has coins scattered that the player can collect. They are also awarded for each successful completion of the level (even more if the player beats the record for completing the level set by the developers). With them, the player can buy paintings in the gallery in front of the house.



Zheng Xiaoqiong

Zheng Xiaoqiong (Chinese: 郑小琼') is a Chinese poet. She was born in Nanchong, Sichuan on June 18, 1980. 

Zheng studied at a nursing school. Then she worked in a hospital. In 2001, she quit that work because she was not happy with the working conditions. She moved to Dongguan. In that city, she began working in factories as an assembly-line worker.

Zheng began writing poetry about the conditions of factory workers. Some time around 2005, she began to become famous. In 2007, she won the Liqun Literature Award, which made her more famous. Zheng has published many books of her poetry. She has received many awards for literature. Her poetry has been translated into other languages.

"Characterized by stark oppositions, personifications, and broken phrases, her work is razor-sharp in its observations. Iron is perhaps the element most strongly associated with Zheng Xiaoqiong's poetry. . . . Her poems reveal how pervasive industrialization ensures that humans become part of the machine: nameless, a number on an assembly line, without rights.

The first literary award Zheng won was the Liqun Literature Award from Peoples’ Literature in 2007. "The impact was strong – not simply because few had heard of her, but because she lives and works as a migrant worker and writes poetry so startlingly beautiful, vulnerable, and powerful, that nearly each poem stops one’s breath mid-line." She has also won the Zhuang Chongwen Prize, a youth literature award.




Lupin III: Strange Psychokinetic Strategy

Lupin III: Strange Psychokinetic Strategy (ルパン三世 念力珍作戦, "Rupan Sansei: Nenriki Chin Sakusen") is a 1974 Japanese action comedy film based on the by . It was directed by Takashi Tsuboshima. 

In this film, the protagonist wears an unprecedented white jacket, later revised in the TV special, The Secret of Twilight Gemini, and has a black scarf around his neck and a tattoo on his chest, the symbol of the Lupin Empire. Goemon is absent because the band's formation is still in its infancy and Zenigata has no hat.

It was the first live action film adaptation of the manga, followed by "" in 2014.

The film begins with Lupin III stealing a car at a public parking lot from the couple. While fleeing in his new car, Lupin notices a beautiful young woman names Fujiko Mine, who is locked up in a , headed for . Eager to save this wonderful woman, Lupin approached her and promises that he would help her escape by tonight. And so it happens: Lupin frees Fujiko; in return, he hopes the fugitive will be willing to grant him "his graces", but Fujiko stuns him (who would later be captured and interrogated by Inspector Zenigata), while she manages to escape. Meanwhile, the gunslinger and former Lupin Family bodyguard is engaged in the continuous search for the Lupin III, who is the last descendant and survivor of the massacre from the Maccarone Family, an international crime syndicate. Jigen intends to find him in order to try to rebuild the great empire of the Lupin family. 

The meeting between the thief Lupin and the gunslinger Jigen is not long in coming, but the latter is very disappointed by the attitude of the protagonist, intent only on thinking about the fair sex and definitely not willing to bring back the empire of which included his father and grandfather. Meanwhile, Inspector Zenigata begins to be obsessed with the thought of arresting Lupine III, but despite the continuous attempts, the defeat is the only result that the policeman manages to obtain (not counting his two comedic, who combine one behind the other and which are always the object of an outlet by a too often nervous Zazà). Meanwhile, Fujiko convinces Lupin to steal some precious jewels from an exhibition; but the woman (as expected) does not hesitate to resort to her famous double game by warning Zenigata of the intentions of the . In fact, the woman manages to take possession of the wealth by making only Jigen and Lupin pay the consequences of the theft, who however escape from the police.

Meanwhile, the Maccarone Family set themselves a goal of killing the last survivor of the Lupin Empire, Lupin III himself. But he escapes all the assassination attempts by hitmen and escapes numerous traps from the syndicate. Later, the Maccarone Family tries to get hold of a (based on the ) that is said to have been transported to Earth by a group of aliens million of years ago. And, as if that weren't enough, the syndicate kidnap Fujiko in order to lure Lupin out. Lupin, meanwhile, decides to be "arrested" by Zenigata himself on his own free will, but when he learns from Jigen that his beloved Fujiko has been captured, he escapes without any difficulty to save the woman of his heart. After some amusing fight with numerous of gangsters, Lupin saves Fujiko and manages to save himself, also preventing the syndicate from taking possession of the humanoid statue. 

Precisely because he averted this danger, the orders Inspector Zenigata to reward Lupin III by giving him an official recognition. Although strongly humiliated, Zenigata tries to deliver the recognition to the gentleman thief, who however, seeing the inspector coming in the distance, believes that the he wants (as usual) to arrest him and therefore begins to run away with Fujiko and Jigen. 

It was the first film to part of an international broadcast work. Manga artist and former voice actress Chinatsu Nakayama are listed in the project, but it is said that they were actually no-touch just by borrowing the name. Takashi Tsuboshima was chosen as the director of the project after filming film during the 1960s and early 1970s. The parallel work at the time of release was "Prophecies of Nostradamus".

During the audition for the character, anime producer Yutaka Fujioka and filmmaker Kameo Ôki choose four cast member. Yūki Meguro as , Kunie Tanaka as , Eiko Ezaki as and Shiro Ito as . was not in this film since still had to do some at Toei Company and was offered the role in as Hideki Go at . In addition, the role corresponding to the original, Goemon Ishikawa does not appear in this film until the 2014 film. Meguro, who played the role of Lupin, had an interview on a TV program, he said "As a result of discussions with the director, it was decided that it would be impossible to make it exactly as the original, so I decided to make it as I like without being aware of the original. "I personally like the role & I would love to play it if I want to visualize it again."

It faithfully visualizes the "wet sex spot expression that involves the ♂ (male symbol) mark and the ♀ (female symbol) mark" that frequently appears in the original work. This film was censored since and making Toho the only film company to only featuring it's first .

The title "Strange Psychokinetic Strategy", which has nothing to do with the content, was given by the staff in response to the supernatural powers that was popular at the time, with the instruction from Toho to "make it a title with some timeliness." Lupin's main weapon in this film was the Walther PPK (gold model with silencer), instead of the original Walther P38.

It was a work that was rarely difficult to watch because it was broadcast on TV on holiday afternoons and local stations, but in 1993, this film was recorded in the LD-BOX "Lupin III Theater BOX" along with the animated version of the theater work for the first time. The DVD was released on May 28, 2004. The live-action Lupin III movie starring Shun Oguri is not a remake of this movie, but a much better quality film with action version.


Uncredited

Jawahar Nagar

Jawahar Nagar is a residential colony located in the Kowdiar locality in the city of Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India. It is a prime housing locality in the city boasting various dignitaries and cinema actors as its residents. It also houses bureaucrats from UAE, which holds a permanent residence in the colony. The center of the colony holds a single storied commercial building featuring small local business. Recently, various upscale cafes have also made made their debut in the area increasing the face value of the posh colony.
Jawahar Nagar, established in November 14, 1964 is the first planned residential residential colony in the state of Kerala. The colony was developed under the leadership of then Chief Town Planner, Thomas Paulose, who is still a resident of the colony. Before it was named Jawahar Nagar, the area was refereed to as Maracheenivila. Maracheeni translates to Tapioca in Malayalam. This was in reference to large tapioca farms that were cultivated on the land. In the late 1800s, during the reign of Ayilyam Thirunal Rama Varma, king of the princely state of Travancore, tapioca was imported into the country from Brazil to fight a famine that hit the state. This process in turn made Jawahar Nagar the first area where tapioca was locally cultivated in India. A research center was also established within the locality. This center was later transformed into the Jawahar Nagar Lower Primary School during the redesigning stages.

The entire colony was modeled after the British Housing Scheme with playgrounds, wide roads and a welfare association. The colony also houses Saraswathy Nilayam, the first multi-storied apartment building to be constructed in the city, and overall second in the state.

Public transportation do not ply along through the locality with the exception of auto-rickshaws and taxis. Nevertheless, the colony is situated right beside Kowdiar Main Road next to the Kowdiar Palace. The juxtaposition of the colony makes it convenient for its residents to get in and out of the bustling city life.

Jawahar Nagar Lower Primary School and Nursery is the oldest school in the locality. In recent years, multiple daycare centers have commenced operations, namely L'ecole Chempaka Daycare and Nursery. They have also started L'ecole Chempaka International Primary School for classes from LKG to 5th grade.

The Jawahar Nagar Resident Association is in charge of all activities concerning the locality. It conducts Annual General Body meetings to decide on various matters concerning the colony. It is also in charge of maintaining the K.P.K Menon Memorial Playground and the badminton court nearby which has been allotted to the sole use of the residents of the locality. The initiative undertaken by the association has made Jawahar Nagar in getting voted the cleanest colony in Thiruvananthapuram on multiple occasions

Jawahar Nagar has been the choice of residence for multiple eminent personalities. Some of them are EMS Namboothiripad, K. Karunakaran, actor Mohanlal, Thikkurisi Sukumaran Nair, V.K. Krishna Menon, etc. The Raj Bhavan, where the Governor of Kerala resides, is situated adjacent to the colony with two entrances to the house located within the locality. The colony also hosts dignitaries from the UAE, which holds two houses within the locality. The members working at the UAE Consulate reside here.

Jamila, the Algerian

Jamila, the Algerian is a 1958 Egyptian historical drama movie directed by Youssef Chahine and starring Magda al-Sabahi, Salah Zulfikar, Ahmed Mazhar, Zahra Ela, Rushdy Abaza, Adly Kasseb, Fakher Fakher.

The movie is about one of the most important figures in the history of Algeria, Djamila Bouhired. It tells the story of an important female revolutionary, and also shows the struggle of the Algerian people against the French occupation. It was the first, and only movie, to focus on the role of Algerian women in the 1954 revolution. 

The movie was released only a year after the torture and arrest of Djamila Bouhired. It was banned by the Algerian government for decades. 

Air Liquide

Air Liquide is a French company in industrial gases for various industries such as medical, chemical and electronic companies. Created in 1902, its headquarters are in Paris.

The company is listed on CAC 40 index.

El Risitas

Juan Joya Borja (5 April 1956 – 28 April 2021) was a Spanish comedian and actor known by the stage name El Risitas. He became well known in 2015 because of many memes based on a television interview he did from June 2007 on Jesús Quintero's show "". He also appeared in the 2005 movie "".

Joya died on 28 April 2021 at a hospital in Seville, Spain from a heart attack, aged 65.

Johnny Crawford

John Ernest Crawford (March 26, 1946 – April 29, 2021) was an American actor, singer, and musician. He first became well known as a Mouseketeer in "Mickey Mouse Club". He also became known for playing Mark McCain in the ABC Western series "The Rifleman".

In 2019, it was reported that Crawford was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died on April 29, 2021 at the age of 75.

Tianhe (space station module)

The Tianhe (), code name ""TH"", or ""Tianhe Core Module"" (TCM) is the foundation element of the Tiangong space station. It was launched into orbit on 29 April 2021 as the final stage of Project 921 Tiangong program, part of the Chinese space program.

In October 2020, China selected 18 new astronauts ahead of the construction of the space station.

Socialist Party of Albania

The Socialist Party of Albania ( ; PS or PSSh) is a social-democratic political party in Albania. It was founded in June 1991 inspired by the ideas of Enver Hoxha.

The party became popular after it gained power following the 2013 parliamentary election. The current Prime Minister Edi Rama is a member of the party.

Malaparamba

Malaparamba lies in the outskirts of Kozhikode City. It is the start of the suburban region of Kozhikode towards the northern region. The area spans over both sides of the Wayanad Road or National highway 766.

Malaparamba lies to the north of the Malaparamba Junction, where and intersect. Kozhikode city lies towards the south of the Junction. 

It is 17.38 km. away from the Calicut International Airport. The distance to the is 7.8 km. from Malaparamba. The bus routes that pass through here are "Medical College-Malaparamba" route and "Vellimadukunnu-Malaparamba-City" route. 

Malaparamba is primarily a residential area. There are 4 main residential pockets are "Malaparamba Housing Colony (KSHB Colony), BSNL colony, Deshodharani Colony and Nanma Colony". Each colony houses over a 100 families.
<br>
The small region is surrounded by small and micro enterprises that are owned by single individuals or family-owned businesses. There are multiple shops and varied facilities available in Malaparamba, varying from boutiques to electronic spare parts, and marts to small restaurants.<br> 

The area is currently under plan for Road Renovation under the District Authority's plans. 

Malaparamba Government School is an aided upper primary school managed by the Government. It lies on the east side of National Highway 766. 


Youssef Chahine

Youssef Chahine( ; was born 25 January, 1926 in Alexandria, Egypt and died 27 July, 2008 in Cairo, Egypt. He was an Egyptian movie director who helped launch the actor Omar Sharif and directed "Son of the Nile" (1951), "The Blazing Sun" (1954), "Cairo Station" (1958), "Jamila, the Algerian" (1958), "Forever Yours" (1959), "Saladin Victorious" (1963), "The Land" (1969), "The Emigrant" (1994), "Destiny" (1997), "The Other" (1999), "To Each His Own Cinema" (2007) and "Le Chaos" (2007).

Twin Sisters (2002 movie)

Twin Sisters () is a 2002 Dutch Luxembourgian World War II drama movie directed by Ben Sombogaart and was based on the 1993 novel "The Twins" by Tessa de Loo. It stars Ellen Vogel, Gundrun Okras, Thekla Reuten, Nadja Uhl, Betty Schuurman, Jaap Spijkers and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2004.

The Land (1969 movie)

The Land (, translit. Al-ard) is a 1969 Egyptian drama movie directed by Youssef Chahine and was based on the novel by Abdel Rahman al-Sharqawi. It stars Hamdy Ahmed, Yehia Chahine, Ezzat El Alaili, Tewfik El Dekn, Mahmoud El-Meliguy.

Murder of Riley Ann Sawyers

Riley Ann Sawyers (March 11, 2005 – July 24, 2007) was a 2-year-old American girl who was beaten to death by her mother Kimberly Dawn Trenor and stepfather Royce Zeigler in a filicide. Her body was later found in Galveston Bay, Texas.

Police were not able to identify the body when they saw it. They began a nationwide effort to learn the child's name. When Riley Ann's grandmother, Sheryl Sawyers, saw a drawing (composite sketch) made of the body, she knew that it was Riley Ann. She then told the police. After DNA testing on November 30, 2007, experts were certain that it was Riley Ann.

Before she was identified in 2007, Riley Ann Sawyers was known as Baby Grace because of her age and sex.



Rocket Power: Team Rocket Rescue

Rocket Power: Team Rocket Rescue was a video game developed by Darkblack Ltd and published by THQ across multiple platforms. Here the gang's object is to help Raymundo keep Rocket Boards in business by helping with its publicity, thus hopefully staving off Sno-Mart's predatory tactics.

Rocket Power: Team Rocket Rescue is a game designed to represent the Nickelodeon Rocket Power license. In the game, you take control of the popular characters Otto and Reggie Rocket, and their friends "Squid" and "Twister". The main focus of story mode is following their adventure to get the Rocket's father's board business more customers by entering xtreme sports competitions under his sponsorship. The more they win, the more people will want to buy Ray's gear. Story mode tasks include part collecting, snowboard slalom, and high score challenges. Each level is timed and the tasks must be completed before time is up. The is also a free play mode which allows players to learn the levels and moves, and face off against one other friend.


Kamp Koral: SpongeBob's Under Years

Kamp Koral: SpongeBob's Under Years (also referred to as just, Kamp Koral in its title) is the first spin-off series based on SpongeBob SquarePants. It was confirmed by Nickelodeon on June 4, 2019. It is executive produced by Marc Ceccarelli and Vincent Waller.

The spin-off uses designs and elements from . It features SpongeBob and his pals spending the summer "building underwater campfires, catching wild jellyfish, and swimming in Lake Yuckymuck at the craziest camp in the kelp forest, Kamp Koral."

The series premiered on Paramount+ on March 4, 2021. It aired on Nickelodeon on April 2, 2021 (with The Barbarian and the Troll premiering right after).

It was announced that the show will have 13 additional episodes with the second season having 13 episodes.


The Village on the River

The Village on the River () is a 1958 Dutch drama movie directed by Fons Rademakers and was based on the novel by Antoon Coolen. It stars Max Croiset, Mary Dresselhuys, Bernhard Droog, Jan Teulings, Herman Bouber, Huib Orizand and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1960.

Orange S.A.

Orange S.A. is a French company in telecommunications. Created in 1902, its headquarters are in Issy-les-Moulineaux.

The company is listed on CAC 40 index.

Thales Group

Thales Group is a French company in aerospace, defence, transport, security, electronics. Created in 1902, its headquarters are in La Défense.

The company is listed on CAC 40 index.

Saint-Gobain

Saint-Gobain is a French company in construction materials production and retail, glass, ceramics, plastics, abrasives. Created in 1665, its headquarters are in La Défense.

The company is listed on CAC 40 index.

Multiple (mathematics)

A multiple is the product that we get when one number is multiplied by another number. For example, 20 is a multiple of 4 and 5. The other multiples of 4 can be listed as 4 (4 ×1 = 4), 8 (4 × 2 = 8), 12 (4 × 3 = 12), and so on.

Names of the Sun God in Meitei religion

In Sanamahism (Meitei religion), there are multiple identities of the Sun God, among which Korouhanba, Sanamahi and Nongshaba are often depicted as the solar deity in many Meitei scriptures of Ancient Manipur (Ancient Kangleipak).

Ukrnafta

Ukrnafta is the largest oil company in Ukraine. It operates in Lviv, Ivano-Frankivsk, Chernivtsi, Sumy, Chernihiv, Poltava and Kharkiv regions. The company has 2,571 oil and gas wells and 563 gas stations in 26 regions of Ukraine.

Ukrnafta was established on February 23, 1994.

During 1997 and 1999, the authorized capital increased 21 times.

As of 2018, the company had 82 special permits for the extraction of hydrocarbons, 43 drilling rigs and 537 gas stations.

On July 31, 2020, Oleg Gez became the chairman of Ukrnafta.

Since 1998, Naftogaz of Ukraine has owned a controlling stake.

42% of the shares belong to the structures of the Ukrainian oligarch Igor Kolomoisky.

8% of the shares belong to Littop Enterprises Limited, Dridgemont Ventures Limited and Bordo Management Limited (Cyprus).

The Company consists of:


The authorized capital of Ukrnafta (as of 2010) is UAH 1,355,7127.50.

The market capitalization of the company on January 1, 2011 was about 4,100, 000, 000 dollars.

In 2018, it increased net profit by 54.3% compared to the same period in 2017 — up to UAH 2 billion 61.468 million.

Official website 
Ajnabee (2001 movie)

Ajnabee () is a 2001 Indian Hindi-language mystery thriller film directed by Abbas-Mustan and produced by Vijay Galani. It stars Akshay Kumar, Bobby Deol, Kareena Kapoor, and Bipasha Basu in the lead, with Johnny Lever, Dalip Tahil, Narendra Bedi and Sharat Saxena in supporting roles. The film is a remake of the 1992 American thriller "Consenting Adults", directed by Alan J. Pakula. It was the second film of Akshay Kumar and Abbas-Mustan after "Khiladi" and the second film of Bobby Deol and Abbas-Mustan after "Soldier".


M.S. Dhoni: The Untold Story

M.S. Dhoni: The Untold Story is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language biographical sports drama film written and directed by Neeraj Pandey. It is based on the life of former Test, ODI and T20I captain of the Indian national cricket team, Mahendra Singh Dhoni. The film stars Sushant Singh Rajput as Dhoni, along with Disha Patani, Kiara Advani, and Anupam Kher. The film chronicles the life of Dhoni from a young age through a series of life events.

The idea of the biopic was put forward by Dhoni's manager, Arun Pandey, after encountering an incident at an airport after the 2011 Cricket World Cup Final. Development began two years later, with the consent of Dhoni. Neeraj Pandey was later approached to helm the film while he was working on "Baby". Pandey recruited a number of people for research into Dhoni's background and his life events. Dhoni eventually became a consultant on the film.

The film was released on 30 September 2016 by Fox Star Studios and received the widest release ever for a Bollywood film across 61 countries. In addition to being released in Hindi language, it was also dubbed in Tamil, Telugu, and Marathi languages, although the Marathi release was later canceled due to opposition. Upon release, the film became a critical and commercial success. It is currently the fifth highest-grossing Bollywood film of 2016 in India with .

Vacri

Vacri is a "comune" in the Province of Chieti in the Italian region of Abruzzo.

Classical Meitei

Classical Meitei or Classical Manipuri is the standardized literary form of the Meitei language (Manipuri language), used most notably in the Puya (Meitei texts), and is also the liturgical language of Sanamahism (Meitei religion). It represents the development of the rich literary sources of the present day Meitei literature (Manipuri literature). It is around 3500 years old. 

It reaches the criteria for being a classical language as it has attained the following four criteria:

The presently available volume of ancient literature is actually lessened due to the dark historical event of Puya Mei Thaba (literally, "burning of the manuscripts") in the 18th century AD.
At the same time, many of the ancient folklore and poetic works are still preserved in its oral traditional form linking with the Lai Haraoba festival.

Cupello

Cupello is a "comune" and town in the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy.

Altino

Altino is a "comune" and town in the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy.

Aulla

Aulla is a "comune" in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.


Villerupt

Villerupt is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France.

Whoops Apocalypse (movie)

Whoops Apocalypse is a 1986 ITC Entertainment film directed by Tom Bussmann and starring Loretta Swit, Herbert Lom, and Peter Cook. The film shares the same title as the TV series "Whoops Apocalypse", but uses an almost completely different plot from the series.



Polish Corridor

The Polish Corridor (; ), also known as the Danzig Corridor, Corridor to the Sea or Gdańsk Corridor, is a piece of land in the region of Pomerelia (eastern Pomerania, formerly part of West Prussia). It was used by the Second Republic of Poland (1920–1939) for access to the Baltic Sea. The corridor separated much of Germany (Weimar Republic) from East Prussia. At its narrowest point, the corridor was only 30 km wide. It separated The Free City of Danzig (now the Polish city of Gdańsk), from both Poland and Germany.

The corridor was used to secure Poland's access to the Baltic Sea. This is based on U.S. President Woodrow Wilson's proposal in his famous Fourteen Points speech at the start of 1918. The German-majority city of Danzig was not a part of the Polish Corridor but was instead made a free city under League of Nations rule. Weimar Germany's various governments did not accept the new German-Polish border as being permanent and hoped to change this border later on through negotiations. 
In March 1939, Nazi German dictator Adolf Hitler said that Poland should agree to return Danzig to Germany. He also wanted them to build highways across the Polish Corridor. Poland rejected this proposal and got Anglo-French guarantees against Nazi German aggression. When Nazi Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 over this issue, Britain and France declared war on Nazi Germany and World War II began.

North (1994 movie)

North is a 1994 movie from Columbia Pictures directed by Rob Reiner.


Baby Boy Horry

Ronald Eugene Woodham IV, commonly known as Baby Boy Horry, was an American child who was murdered. For many years, no one knew his identity. His body was found on December 4, 2008, near South Carolina Highway 544, on the outskirts of Conway in Horry County, South Carolina. He was probably born on November 30 December 3, 2008 and died on December 4, 2008. Utility workers found his body in a bag that had been placed in a box. The coroner found that the child had died from hypothermia.

Almost twelve years later, in March 2020, a woman was arrested. Evidence showed that she was the biological mother of the child known as Baby Boy Horry. She was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to 4 years in prison.

Cardonnette

Cardonnette is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Utena

Utena is a city in Lithuania. It is the administrative centre of Utena District and Utena County. Utena is one of the oldest cities in Lithuania. The city's name most likely comes from a lake or river.

Utena was first mentioned in 1261, in a letter by Mindaugas to the Christ Knights.

Carnoy-Mametz

Carnoy-Mametz is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Mametz (the seat) and Carnoy.

Mametz, Somme

Mametz is a former commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Carnoy-Mametz.

Caulières

Caulières is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cayeux-sur-Mer

Cayeux-sur-Mer is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cerisy-Buleux

Cerisy-Buleux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in northern France.

Chaulnes

Chaulnes is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Chaussoy-Epagny

Chaussoy-Epagny is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Chépy

Chépy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Mons-Boubert

Mons-Boubert is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vehicle registration plates of Poland

Vehicle registration plates of Poland have the region of registration of the vehicle given the number plate.

According to Polish law, the registration plate is registered to the vehicle, not the owner. There is no possibility for the owner to keep the licence plate number for use on a different car, even if it's a custom number.

Chilly, Somme

Chilly is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Torricella Peligna

Torricella Peligna is a "comune" in the Province of Chieti in the Italian region of Abruzzo.

Citerne

Citerne is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Somewhere Beyond Love

Somewhere Beyond Love () is a 1974 Italian drama movie directed by Luigi Comencini and starring Giuliano Gemma, Stefania Sandrelli, Brizio Montinaro, Renato Scarpa, Cesira Abbiati, Rina Franchetti, Emilio Bonucci.

Max Verstappen

Max Verstappen (born 30 September 1997 in Hasselt, Belgium) is a Dutch Formula 1 race driver. He began racing for Red Bull Racing in 2016. He has both the Dutch and the Belgian nationality. His father is Dutchman Jos Verstappen, who also was a Formula one race driver. His mother is Belgian Sophie Kumpen, who was a cart driver champion.Sophie has also raced against Christian Horner, who is the head of the Red Bull team.Max Verstappen has a younger sister named Victoria.He has won 10 world chapinships

During the first practice session at the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix, Verstappen replaced Jean-Éric Vergne as part of his preparation for a full-time seat at Toro Rosso in the season. Aged 17 years and three days, Verstappen was the youngest person in history to participate in a Formula One race weekend. In August 2014, Verstappen joined the Red Bull Junior Team after testing a Formula Renault 3.5 car. He also considered an offer from Mercedes to join their driver development programme.

Verstappen became the youngest driver to start a World Championship race through joining Toro Rosso's race drivers' lineup with Carlos Sainz as his teammate, in his Grand Prix debut as a full-time driver at the 2015 Australian Grand Prix at the age of — breaking Jaime Alguersuari's existing record by almost two years. However, at the subsequent race in Malaysia, Verstappen qualified sixth and finished the race in seventh place, scoring his first Formula One points aged , breaking the record of the then-youngest driver to score World Championship points.
At the 2015 Monaco Grand Prix, Verstappen was involved in a high-speed collision with Romain Grosjean, after clipping the back of Grosjean's Lotus on the approach to the tight first corner, "Sainte Devote", and crashed into the barriers at high speed. Verstappen was given a five-place grid penalty for causing the accident, and was branded "dangerous" by Williams driver Felipe Massa.
Verstappen continued to regularly finish in the points as well as achieving his best finish of the 2015 season in Hungary by finishing fourth, and equalled this result at the United States Grand Prix. At the end of the season, Verstappen received three awards at the FIA Prize Giving Ceremony, for "Rookie of the Year", "Personality of the Year" and "Action of the Year", for his overtake on Felipe Nasr on the outside of the Blanchimont corner at the Belgian Grand Prix.

Verstappen began the 2016 season at Toro Rosso, again alongside Sainz. Verstappen qualified fifth for the opening race of the season in Australia, but during the race made several radio calls to his team due to frustration at being behind Sainz on track before Verstappen's Toro Rosso came into contact with his teammate's car whilst attempting to pass him with three laps to go, and he eventually finished tenth. Verstappen enjoyed a more successful weekend at the following race in Bahrain, finishing sixth to score Toro Rosso's first-ever points at the Sakhir circuit.

On 5 May 2016, following celebrating victory at the 2016 Catalan Grand Prix in Toro Rosso, Red Bull Racing announced that Verstappen would be replacing Daniil Kvyat from the Spanish Grand Prix onwards, with Kvyat returning to Toro Rosso. According to Red Bull Team Principal Christian Horner, "Max has proven to be an outstanding young talent. His performance at Toro Rosso has been impressive so far and we are pleased to give him the opportunity to drive for Red Bull Racing. After qualifying fourth for the Spanish Grand Prix, Verstappen rose to second behind teammate Daniel Ricciardo on the opening lap after Mercedes teammates Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg crashed out of the race. Verstappen took the race lead as he was placed on a two-stop rather than the same three-stop strategy as Ricciardo, and he held off Ferrari's Kimi Räikkönen in the later stages of the race to take his first Formula One victory.

During the Belgian Grand Prix, Verstappen collided with Räikkönen at the first corner, pushed Vettel, Räikkönen and Pérez wide at "Les Combes", and aggressively blocked Räikkönen on the Kemmel straight. Verstappen was criticised for his driving, with Räikkönen saying that he "was going to cause a huge accident sooner or later." Christian Horner noted that the driving was "on the edge", and that Verstappen will "look at it and learn for future races." In September, F1 director Charlie Whiting called in Verstappen for a discussion, and later gave him a 'gentle warning' due to his aggressive driving. However, in October, drivers' concerns about Verstappen's defensive tactics led the FIA to disallow moving under braking.
At the 2016 Brazilian Grand Prix, Verstappen qualified fourth. In a rain affected race, he almost hit the barrier after he slid on the main straight due to a loss of traction, causing oversteer. After an additional tyre change from intermediates back to rain tyres, he ran in 16th place with just 15 laps remaining. Verstappen then made several overtakes in quick succession during the closing laps to eventually finish on the podium in third place. He received considerable praise for his performance: rival team Mercedes' team principal, Toto Wolff, labelled it "The Verstappen Show", and described Verstappen's drive as "physics..being redefined". However, Verstappen came under criticism from four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel, who stated that Verstappen had pushed him off the track at the "Junção" corner late in the race. The race stewards did not share Vettel's view and decided that no reprimand was warranted.

During the first 14 races of the 2017 season, Verstappen suffered seven retirements, four due to mechanical issues, and three due to first lap collisions in Spain, Austria and Singapore. Of the races he finished, however, he claimed a third place in China, and in the another five races he finished fourth or fifth.
From the Malaysian Grand Prix onward, Verstappen enjoyed a surge of success. He won his second Formula One race at the 2017 Malaysian Grand Prix, a day after his 20th birthday, passing then three-time champion Lewis Hamilton for the lead in the early stages of the race.He finished second in the following race in Japan. He then finished third at the United StatesGrand Prix, but was classified fourth after his final lap overtake on Kimi Räikkönen was deemed illegal. He won his third Formula One race at the Mexican Grand Prix, after passing Sebastian Vettel on the opening lap.
In the first six races of the season, Verstappen had been involved in at least one incident in each race. In Australia, he qualified fourth but fell behind Kevin Magnussen at the start. In his attempts to retake the position he ran wide multiple times and damaged his car, with a spin causing him to fall further down the order. He recovered to eventually finish the race in sixth place. At the next race in Bahrain, he crashed during qualifying and started in 15th place.He had a productive first lap after which he found himself in the points while challenging Lewis Hamilton. He attempted an overtake on the reigning World Champion at the start of lap two, but collided with the Mercedes driver and suffered a puncture that ultimately led to suspension damage, forcing him out of the race.
At the next race in China, Verstappen qualified fifth and had moved up to third at the end of the first lap. Both Red Bull drivers pitted for fresh tyres during a safety car which left them with a tyre advantage over the front-runners ahead. In an overtake attempt on Sebastian Vettel for third place, Verstappen collided with the championship leader, causing him to fall to eighth and receive a 10-second penalty. He recovered to fourth place, with his penalty causing him to be classified fifth. Teammate Ricciardo went on to win the race. In Azerbaijan, Verstappen was embroiled in a race-long battle with Ricciardo for fourth place. After numerous position changes between the two teammates during the race, Ricciardo ran into the back of Verstappen during an overtake attempt from which the Dutchman aggressively defended, causing the retirement of both cars. Both drivers were blamed by the team and reprimanded by the stewards. Verstappen bounced back in Spain with his first podium of the season by finishing third behind the Mercedes drivers, holding off Sebastian Vettel. However, the race was also not without incident as he had run into the back of Lance Stroll during the virtual safety car period, causing minor front wing damage.
In Monaco, Verstappen made another error and crashed near the end of the third free practice session in an incident which closely resembled a crash he had at the same spot two years earlier. His team could not repair his car in time for qualifying and Verstappen had to start the race from the back of the grid. Verstappen did not compete and did not set a lap time in qualifying, therefore teammate Ricciardo pressed home Red Bull's advantage at the track by taking pole position and the race win. Verstappen managed to salvage 2 points by finishing ninth place, overtaking 6 cars on track. Team principal Christian Horner commented on Verstappen's start of the season, saying he "needed to stop making these mistakes" and that he could "learn from his teammate", while Helmut Marko, head of driver development at Red Bull, said that Verstappen was "too impatient". Verstappen now lay in sixth place in the championship with 35 points, only three points ahead of Fernando Alonso in the McLaren, and 37 points behind his teammate in third, who had taken two wins in the first six races.
In Canada, Verstappen topped all three practice sessions and qualified third, two-tenths off Sebastian Vettel in pole position. He eventually finished third and set the fastest lap of the race. The following race in France brought him second place. In Austria—Red Bull's home track, he started fourth on the grid, passed Kimi Räikkönen before taking advantage of retirement from Valtteri Bottas and a botched pit-stop strategy by Lewis Hamilton, who later had to retire from fourth place, to claim the fourth race victory of his career. In Britain, Verstappen was plagued by issues, finishing the first practice session early due to a gearbox problem and crashing in the second practice session before retiring from the race due to a brake problem. He would then finish fourth in Germany after strategy errors let a recovering Hamilton get past him as he went on to win the race. Verstappen ended the first half of the season with a retirement in Hungary and was narrowly behind his teammate in the championship due to his own recent resurgence and Ricciardo's unreliability.
Verstappen enjoyed a very strong second half of the season, achieving podium finishes in Belgium, Singapore, Japan and the United States, the latter of which he achieved second place having started from 18th on the grid due to a suspension failure in qualifying. Following the qualifying session at the Mexican Grand Prix, Verstappen revealed that a mechanical problem with his Red Bull under braking cost him any chance of becoming the youngest-ever Formula One pole-sitter. As a result, Ricciardo beat Verstappen to pole position by just 0.026 seconds. Verstappen had a better start than Ricciardo and took the lead of the race into the first corner, overtaking the fast-starting Mercedes of Lewis Hamilton. Verstappen earned his fifth career win in Mexico. He was poised to win the 2018 Brazilian Grand Prix, having overtaken Räikkönen, Vettel, Bottas, and Hamilton. However, he collided with Force India driver Esteban Ocon who was trying to unlap himself on faster tyres. Ocon received a 10-second stop-and-go penalty for the incident. After the collision with Ocon, Verstappen finished in second place behind Hamilton. During an argument with Ocon after the race, Verstappen pushed the Force India driver, for which he was given two days of "public service" as a penalty by the FIA. He then finished his season with another podium as he finished third in Abu Dhabi.
Verstappen ended the season in fourth place in the championship with 249 points, claiming two wins, eleven podium finishes, and two fastest laps.
In 2019 Red Bull switched from Renault to Honda power units. After Ricciardo moved to the Renault team for 2019, Verstappen was joined at Red Bull by Pierre Gasly. Verstappen qualified in fourth and finished third in Australia, the first podium finish for a Honda-powered driver since the 2008 British Grand Prix. Verstappen was on course for a second third-place finish in Bahrain before a late safety car prevented him from overtaking Charles Leclerc's ailing Ferrari, keeping him in fourth place. Two more fourth-place finishes followed in China and Azerbaijan, and a podium in Spain in third place. In Monaco, Verstappen qualified in third place. He was released into the path of Valtteri Bottas during the drivers' pit stops, gaining second place but receiving a 5-second penalty as a result. Verstappen crossed the line in second place but was demoted to fourth by the penalty.
In Canada, Verstappen's final lap in the second qualifying session was hampered by a red flag brought out by Kevin Magnussen's crash. This caused Verstappen to qualify 11th and start the race in ninth place. He later recovered to finish fifth. In France he started and finished in fourth place. In Austria, Verstappen started third but suffered a poor start, dropping down to eighth. After a charge towards the front, he made his way up to second before controversially passing Leclerc for the lead of the race with three laps to go. This marked the first Honda-powered race victory since the 2006 Hungarian Grand Prix. In Britain, Verstappen, running in third place, was hit from behind during an overtake attempt by Sebastian Vettel and spun into the gravel. Verstappen was able to continue and crossed the line in fifth place.
The wet and chaotic German Grand Prix began similarly to the race in Austria for Verstappen, as a poor start caused him to fall behind. However, he would inherit the lead midway through the race after a crash by race leader Hamilton. Verstappen would go on to extend his lead after the track began to dry, claiming his second victory of the season. In Hungary, he claimed the first pole position of his career and led most of the race before being passed in the closing laps by Hamilton, who had made another stop for fresh tyres in a gamble to catch the leader.
Verstappen on the podium after winning the 2019 Brazilian Grand Prix
Before the Belgian Grand Prix, Verstappen received a new teammate in Alexander Albon after Pierre Gasly was demoted back to Toro Rosso. In the race, Verstappen had a poor start and collided with Kimi Räikkönen at the first corner, resulting in suspension damage and causing Verstappen's first retirement of the season. In Italy, he did not set a time during qualifying after his car lost power in Q1, but he was already required to start from the back of the grid due to an engine component penalty. After damaging his front wing on the first lap, he recovered to finish the race in eighth place. third and fourth-place finishes followed in Singapore and Russia respectively. After suffering damage in a first-lap collision with Charles Leclerc in Japan, Verstappen suffered his second retirement of the season.
In Mexico, he qualified in first place after setting the fastest lap-time of the session, before being handed a grid penalty for ignoring yellow flags after a crash by Valtteri Bottas.Verstappen suffered a puncture early in the race after making contact with Bottas, falling to the back of the field before eventually recovering to sixth place. A third-place finish in the United States followed, before Verstappen took the second pole position of his career with a 1:07.508 pole lap time in Brazil. In a chaotic race, he passed Lewis Hamilton for the lead on two occasions before going on to claim his third victory of the season. Verstappen ended the season with a second-place finish in Abu Dhabi.
Verstappen finished the 2019 season in third place in the championship with 278 points. He claimed three race victories, nine podium finishes, two pole positions, and three fastest laps.
In 2020, Verstappen signed a contract extension to race for Red Bull until the end of 2023.

Verstappen continued to race for Red Bull in 2020, alongside Albon. At the 2020 Austrian Grand Prix, he started second, but retired early in the race after a flywheel-related problem caused an electronic issue within the power unit. Honda introduced countermeasures in response to the retirement.
At the 2020 Hungarian Grand Prix, he crashed in wet conditions during the formation lap while he was on his way to the starting grid, but he was able to drive the car back to the grid where his mechanics fixed the suspension of the car in the short time that was left before the start of the race. After the repairs, Verstappen progressed from seventh place on the grid to second place by the end of the race. Verstappen won the 70th Anniversary Grand Prix at Silverstone, having started from fourth.
Verstappen clinched second place at the Spanish Grand Prix, after qualifying in third. At the 2020 Belgian Grand Prix, he scored a podium in third place, following his third place on the starting grid. He suffered from two consecutive DNFs at the Italian and Tuscan Grands Prix after which he lost second place in the Championship. At the Russian Grand Prix, Verstappen finished the race in second, his seventh podium finish of 2020. At the Eifel Grand Prix, Verstappen finished in second after qualifying in third. He also managed to get the fastest lap of the race. At the Portuguese Grand Prix, Verstappen qualified third, however a poor first lap meant that he dropped back down the order to fifth place. He recovered to third and took his 40th podium in Formula 1. At the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, Verstappen looked set to claim second due to Valtteri Bottas' ailing Mercedes slowing down, but a sudden puncture denied him any chance of a podium finish; Verstappen spun, resulting in his fourth retirement of the 2020 season.
During Free Practice for the Portuguese Grand Prix, Verstappen was criticised for comments he made on the team radio after a collision with Lance Stroll, where he used the words "retard" and "mongol" in response to the clash. Verstappen admitted following the session that the word choices he used were "not correct." The Mongolian government and the Mongol identity asked Verstappen to apologise for the comments; the Mongolian government also urged the FIA to take action on the comments he made.
Verstappen finished the 2020 season in third place in the championship with 214 points. He claimed two race victories, eleven podium finishes, one pole position, and three fastest laps.

At the Bahrain Grand Prix, Verstappen topped all the practice sessions and subsequently took a career fourth pole position. This was the first time he achieved back-to-back pole positions. He fought Lewis Hamilton for the race victory, and on lap 53 Verstappen overtook Hamilton, but went off track whilst doing so, resulting in him being instructed by race control to let Hamilton back into the lead and ultimately finishing second behind Hamilton.p At the next race, the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, Verstappen qualified third with teammate Sergio Pérez second, marking the first time he was out-qualified by a teammate since the 2019 Italian Grand Prix. At the race start, Verstappen was able to pass both Pérez and pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton to take the lead. He remained in the lead after the first round of pit stops as well as the restart, following the race being suspended on lap 33. Rival Hamilton finished second, reducing his championship lead over Verstappen to one point. In the following Portuguese Grand Prix, Verstappen finished second after a long battle with Lewis Hamilton. At the Spanish Grand Prix, the battle between Verstappen and Hamilton continued, with Hamilton employing a faster two-stop strategy versus Verstappen's one-stop race. This provided Hamilton the advantage of faster tyres, allowing him to overtake Verstappen with several laps remaining in the race. Hamilton took the victory, with Verstappen taking second and the fastest lap, increasing Hamilton's championship lead to 14 points.

At the next race in Monaco, Verstappen qualified second behind Charles Leclerc, but Leclerc suffered a driveshaft failure on the way to the grid and was unable to start the race. Verstappen controlled the race from the front on the way to victory. Hamilton (who qualified seventh) finished seventh, though claiming an extra championship point by setting the fastest race lap. The result enabled Verstappen to take the lead in the Drivers' Championship for the first time in his career, by a margin of four points over Hamilton. At the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, Verstappen qualified third behind Leclerc and Hamilton. Verstappen and Hamilton passed Leclerc in the opening laps before Verstappen took the lead by way of a faster pitstop. Verstappen would comfortably hold the lead until lap 46 when he suffered a tyre failure causing him to crash at high-speed and retire. A mistake by Hamilton on the restart dropped him to last place, meaning Verstappen maintained his championship lead. Verstappen took pole for the French Grand Prix. Verstappen's mistake on the first lap allowed Hamilton to take the lead which Verstappen retook during the pit stop phase. Verstappen pitted for a second time from the lead and set after the Mercedes duo, overtaking Hamilton for the lead on lap 52 of 53. He also took the fastest lap point, extending his championship lead to twelve points. Verstappen clinched pole position again at the Styrian Grand Prix and led the race from start to finish, to give him his fourth win of the season and further extend his lead to 18 points.

Verstappen took pole position at the Austrian Grand Prix, led every lap from start to finish, set the fastest lap, and won the race for his first career grand slam, being the youngest to do so. With the win, Verstappen also became the first driver to win three races in three consecutive weekends, starting at the French Grand Prix on 20 June, then the Styrian Grand Prix on 27 June and ending with the Austrian Grand Prix on 4 July. At the next race; the British Grand Prix, Verstappen was involved in a high-speed collision at the "Copse" corner with Hamilton on the first lap. This resulted in a 51 "g" impact with the barrier. He was taken to the Silverstone circuit's medical centre after the crash and was then taken to Coventry hospital for precautionary checks and further assessment, before eventually being discharged at 22:00 local time on Sunday night. Hamilton would go on to win the race, reducing Verstappen's lead in the championship to eight points. At the next race, the Hungarian Grand Prix, Verstappen's car suffered damage in a multi-car collision on lap 1, where Mercedes driver Valtteri Bottas was deemed at fault. He ended the race in tenth which was promoted to ninth after Sebastian Vettel was disqualified. The outcome of the race allowed Hamilton to take the lead of the championship.

Following the summer break, Verstappen qualified on pole at the Belgian Grand Prix, ahead of Williams driver George Russell in second and Lewis Hamilton in third. The race was run for three laps, all behind the safety car, with the race official race results taken from the running order at the end of the first lap, with Hamilton and Verstappen both retaining their qualifying positions. As less than 75% of the race distance was completed, half points were awarded, resulting in Verstappen closing the gap to Hamilton to three points. At the Dutch Grand Prix Verstappen again qualified on pole, beating Hamilton by 0.038 seconds. During the race Verstappen was able to fend off attacks from both Mercedes drivers to take the win, taking the lead in the Drivers' Championship by three points. For the Italian Grand Prix, Verstappen was required to start at the back of the grid for exceeding his quota of power unit components. He made his way back up the field, and after taking an early pit stop for intermediate tyres late in the race, he finished second. At the Turkish Grand Prix, Verstappen qualified second with Bottas on pole. With the race being run in wet conditions and the drivers on intermediate tyres the whole race, Verstappen finished second behind Bottas, taking the lead in the Drivers' Championship by six points as Hamilton finished fifth. 

At the United States Grand Prix, Verstappen took pole position in qualifying, edging Hamilton by 0.209 seconds. Verstappen won the race and extended his lead in the Drivers' Championship to twelve points as Hamilton finished second with the fastest lap. At the 2021 Mexico City Grand Prix, Verstappen qualified third with a gap to pole-sitter Bottas of 0.350 seconds. Verstappen's main opponent Hamilton qualified second. At the race start, Verstappen took the lead from Bottas and Hamilton into turn 1 and won the race, and as a result extended his lead in the championship to 19 points.

Verstappen and Hamilton were on equal points in the Drivers' Championship going into the final round, the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, with Verstappen leading on countback. Verstappen overtook Hamilton on the final lap to win the race, and his first Formula One World Drivers' Championship. Verstappen, who had qualified on pole position by nearly four tenths of a second, had a slow start off the line at the start of the race and dropped to second place. Verstappen was trailing Hamilton by over ten seconds until a late safety car was called in due to a crash at turn 14 involving Williams driver Nicholas Latifi. The withdrawal of the safety car and the resumption of the race following the safety car period was met with controversy. Race director Michael Masi allowed only a certain number of lapped cars through, which after the race brought from the Mercedes team a protest and stated intention to appeal against the race result, arguing that all lapped cars should be allowed through, Red Bull counter argued that this was not specified by the wording of the regulations. The protest was rejected, although subsequent investigation by the FIA ruled that Masi had misinterpreted the rule and the wording of the rule was amended for the 2022 season to specify that "all" cars will unlap themselves (at the race director's discretion) rather than "any". Verstappen passed Hamilton at turn 5 of the final lap of the race to become the 34th Formula One World Drivers' Champion.
In March 2022 Verstappen signed a five-year contract extension with Red Bull Racing for the 2023 to 2028 seasons.

Verstappen suffered two fuel system related retirements in the first three races, finding himself 46 points behind championship leader Charles Leclerc. He responded by winning five of the next seven races, allowing him to take the championship lead and build a gap of 37 points over second place, by then held by his teammate Sergio Pérez.

 Did not finish, but was classified as he had completed more than 90% of the race distance.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Season still in progress.

Albuzzano

Albuzzano is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Czechs in Ukraine

Czechs in Ukraine have a very long history that extends several centuries into the past.

Czechs began moving to what is now Ukraine in the 13th century. In the 1860s, whole colonies of Czech farmers began moving to Ukraine, mostly to Volhynia in western Ukraine. After the Russian Empire (which ruled over Ukraine back then) abolished serfdom in 1861, Czechs could buy former landowners' estates in western Ukraine at a decent cost. In 1870, Czechs (who were mostly farmers, at least initially) were allowed to become Russian subjects and almost all Volhynian Czechs eventually converted to Russian Orthodox Christianity, though some of them did remain Protestant, such as the Czech Brethren. By the start of the 20th century, the Czech population is what is now Ukraine reached 65,000. The Czechs thrived in Ukraine since they knew how to farm well and with modern farming machinery that they imported from Bohemia. After the end of World War I, the Volhynian Czechs were divided between Poland and the Soviet Union (which ruled over Ukraine back then), with around 20,000 Czechs in Poland and the Soviet Union (mostly in Ukraine and Crimea) each in the 1920s. After the end of World War II, most of the Volhynian Czechs moved to Czechoslovakia, though slightly over 10,000 of them stayed in Ukraine, mostly in Zhytomyr Oblast.

Birdz

Birdz is a Canadian children’s animated television series created by Larry Jacobs. in 1998 for the CBS, STV and CTV television network.



Volhynia

Volhynia is a region of Ukraine that is located north of Podolia, south of Polesia, east of the Bug River, and west of Kyiv. Volhynia's area is about 70,000 square kilometers and its population is more than four million people.
 In the 16th century, with the 1569 Treaty of Lublin, Volhynia became a largely self-governing part of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, keeping its Ukrainian character but having its elite become Polish, or Polonized. Most of Volhynia was annexed by the Russian Empire in the late 18th century due to the partitions of Poland. But Austria also got to annex a small part of Volhynia during this time.
In the early 19th century, Volhynia was still dominated by its Polish nobility. They continued to rule over the Ukrainian peasants who lived there. Volhynia experienced a Russification program in the 19th century and did not get to experience the Ukrainian national awakening that was going on in neighboring Galicia during this time. 
After the end of World War I, Volhynia was partitioned between Poland and the Soviet Union, with western Volhynia becoming a part of Poland and eastern Volhynia becoming a part of the Soviet Union, specifically a part of the Ukrainian SSR. Volhynia experienced a Ukrainianization movement in the 1920s but a lot of its notable Ukrainian intellectuals were later murdered in Joseph Stalin's Great Purge in the late 1930s. 
In 1939, at the start of World War II, the Soviet Union conquered and annexed western Volhynia. It used to belong to Poland before that point in time. When Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union in Operation Barbarossa in 1941, Volhynia came under Nazi German rule for several years. Almost all of the Jews who were not evacuated by the Soviet Union ahead of time were murdered by the Nazis in the Holocaust. 
When the Soviet Union won World War II and got Volhynia back from the Nazis. Almost all of Volhynia's Germans and Czechs emigrated, in the former case to Germany and in the latter case to Czechoslovakia. In addition, after the end of World War II, a lot of the Poles in eastern Volhynia switched residences with the Ukrainians in western Volhynia. This made both eastern Volhynia and western Volhynia much more ethnically homogeneous. Volhynia also saw some Russians and Belarusians move there during the time that it was under Soviet rule. This increased the populations of these two groups in Volhynia. 
Volhynia was historically agricultural, with there being little industry there, especially in its western part. At the start of the 1930s, 78% of Volhynians worked in agriculture and only 8% in industry. In 1987, 52% of Volhynians still lived in rural areas, with most of these people still making a living based on agriculture during this time.

Top Wing

Top Wing is a Canadian computer-animated television series created by Matthew Fernandes of Industrial Brothers and produced by Industrial Brothers, 9 Story Media Group and Nickelodeon Animation Studio.

TVOKids Knowledge Network Treehouse Access SCN and Yoopa (Canada)

Nickelodeon Nick Jr. and Nicktoons (United States)


Kingdom Force

Kingdom Force is a Canadian computer animated television Serie, created Scooby Matthew Fernandes. in 2019 for the CBC Kids and Radio-Canada television network.



Dendropsophus pseudomeridianus

Dendropsophus pseudomeridianus is a frog that lives in Brazil.

400 (number)

400 (four hundred) is the natural number after 399 and before 401.

Mr. Bean (video game)

Mr. Bean (the Nintendo Wii version is known as Mr. Bean's Wacky World) is a 2007 platforming video game based on an animated series of the same name. Developed by Beyond Reality Games and published by Blast! Entertainment for the PlayStation 2, Nintendo DS, Nintendo Wii, and Microsoft Windows in Europe and Australia, and Red Wagon Games in North America only for the Nintendo Wii.


Garbage bag

A garbage bag, bin bag, rubbish bag (British English), bin liner, trash bag (American English) or refuse sack is a bag that can be thrown away. It can be used to contain solid waste. Most garbage bags today are made out of plastic. They are usually black, white, or green in color.

Plastic bags are an easy and clean way of handling garbage. Plastic garbage bags are fairly light. They are useful for messy or wet rubbish. They are also used for wrapping up garbage to reduce it's smell. Plastic bags are often used for lining waste bins.

It was in invented in 1950 by Canadians Harry Wasylyk, Larry Hansen and Frank Plomp. In a special on CBC Television, the green garbage bags (first garbage bags in Canada) ranked 36th among the top 50 Canadian inventions.
The black plastic bags (the first garbage bags in the United States), are also introduced in 1950.

Plastic bags can be burned with the garbage inside them in the right facilities for waste-to-energy conversion. Some can decompose under specific conditions.

Trash bags or Trash liners usually come in different colors. However, these colors are not just made to make the trashes look good for the eyes. The colors usually show what kind of trash is supposed to go in them.
Here are the meanings of the colors of the trash bags we see around:

1.Black – is generally for non-biodegradable, non-infectious garbage such as plastic cans, Styrofoams, candy wrappers, etc.

2.Green – is for biodegradable materials like left-over foods, vegetable and fruit peelings, leaves, twigs, etc.

3.Red – is commonly used in hospitals for bio-hazardous wastes such as syringe with blood, test tubes, human wastes, etc.

4.Blue – is usually used for industrial materials such as glass, heavy plastics, etc.

5.Clear – is normally used to hold recyclable products like cans, bottles, papers, etc.

Rurouni Kenshin: Ishin Gekitō Hen

Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Kenkaku Romantan: Ishin Gekitō Hen is a 3D fighting game developed by Zoom and published by SCEI. It was released in Japan in 1996 for the PlayStation (with a similar action timing to that of "Tekken 1" & "2") and reproduces the first story arc of the Rurouni Kenshin anime series.

Game modes are history mode and VS mode.

History mode begins with the battle against Sanosuke, who will join you for the remainder of the mode once you defeat and serve as an alternative character to Kenshin. After that, your rivals are: Jin-e, Hyottoko, Hannya, Shikijō and Aoshi.

VS mode includes all the characters mentioned above as playable, with the option of unlocking a secret one.


Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Kenkaku Romantan - Jūyūshi Inbō Hen

Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Kenkaku Romantan - Jūyūshi Inbō Hen is a Role-Playing game for PlayStation which was released in Japan in 1997.

Players take control of either one of two original characters: a young man named Hijiri or a young girl named Hikaru. The story takes place after the Kyoto arc and before the Jinchū arc.

The main goal of the game is to get your memory back (both Hijiri and Hikaru suffer from memory loss) and to stop the 10 warriors from conspiring and wreaking havoc. Taking control of Hijiri or Hikaru, "the player is assisted by a handful of familiar characters, wi"th two characters being specific to your choice to play as Hijiri or Hikaru (Hijiri meets Saitō while Hikaru meets Aoshi).

You can only directly control either Hijiri or Hikaru but you’re supported in battle by the main cast. The overworld is a traditional style RPG world map, while the town sections resemble the classic 16 bit era RPGs. The battle system is best compared to a turn-based fighting game, where the "rock-paper-scissors format decides the outcome". You have High, Medium and Low attacks, where Medium > Low > High > Medium. Besides these standard attacks, you can perform a variety of special attacks. Some characters are able to learn new special attacks, by either training at one of the five in-game dojos or by learning them in battle.

There are many mini-games and sidequests to be found in the game, including a find-all-the-collectibles quest in the form of retrieving 41 Nishiki-he for the Akabeko’s owner, Tae. With no translation, the story cannot be enjoyed by a non-Japanese speaker and since it is not based on the story elements of the original series, there is no way to comprehend the story other than translating it... or by doing one's best with an OCR program such as KanjiTomo.

Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Kenkaku Romantan - Enjō, Kyōto Rinne!

Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Kenkaku Romantan - Enjō, Kyōto Rinne! is a third person action game for the PlayStation 2 console which came out in Japan in 2006.

The game allows players to go through the story of either Himura Kenshin, Sagara Sanosuke, Saitō Hajime, or Shinomori Aoshi, who is playable once the player unlocks him, although with a smaller movelist. The plot is based entirely on the Kyōto Arc of the manga and anime.

An American version was planned to be released by Bandai Namco games and developed by Dimps in 2007; however, it was cancelled due to scheduling conflicts and low profit prospects. 

Hankyu Hanshin Toho Group

Hankyu Hanshin Toho Group (阪急阪神東宝グループ, "Hankyū Hanshin Tōhō Gurūpu") (before 2006 known as the "Hankyu Toho Group" (阪急東宝グループ, "Hankyū Tōhō Gurūpu") is a Japanese keiretsu (group of businesses). Most of the companies in the Hankyu Hanshin Tojo Group were started by the railway businessman Ichizō Kobayashi: Hankyu Hanshin Holdings, H2O Retailing and Toho. The keiretsu used to have Sanwa Bank, but Sanwa is now part of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, and is still closely linked to MUFG.

Sounder (movie)

Sounder is a 1972 American family drama movie directed by Martin Ritt and was based on the novel of the same name by William H. Armstrong. It stars Cicely Tyson, Paul Winfield, Kevin Hooks, Taj Mahal, James Best and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1973 and was followed by "Part 2, Sounder" in 1976.


Ichizō Kobayashi

Ichizō Kobayashi (小林 一三, "Kobayashi Ichizō", January 3, 1873; Nirasaki, Yamanashi – January 25, 1957; Ikeda, Osaka), is Japanese industrialist. He is best known as the founder of Hankyu Railway, the Takarazuka Revue, and Toho. He represented Japanese capital in government.

Kobayashi took inspiration from the youth ensemble that the Mitsukoshi Department Store had used to attract customers in Tokyo. This group of 20 to 30 fresh-faced teenage boy musicians, wearing Western-style clothes and feathered hats worn at an angle, were highly successful in publicizing the store. “For our Takarazuka New Spa,” Kobayashi later wrote in "Takarazuka oitachi no ki" (The History of Takarazuka), “we imitated this group, and with guidance from Mitsukoshi set up a girls’ musical theater group.”

Kobayashi devoted so much energy to his Takarazuka project out of a love of drama that dated back to his childhood. He was born within sight of Mount Fuji in the city of Nirasaki in Yamanashi Prefecture. According to Mukōyama Tateo, a visiting professor at the University of Yamanashi who lives in the city and has researched the life of Kobayashi, he came from a wealthy merchant family and at a young age frequently attended plays put on by a small theater near his elementary school. Even after entering Keiō University, he continued to regularly attend theater and kabuki performances. He also enjoyed writing and had a novel serialized in the local Yamanashi newspaper.

After graduating from university, Kobayashi joined and worked there for 15 years. In part because the staid life of a bank employee did not suit him, while working in Osaka he was attracted to the literary and theatrical world. He spent more and more time in the entertainment district and got to know the men about town who were regulars there. The experience and connections that Kobayashi built up during this time would serve him well when he launched his theater group.

Only unmarried women can perform on the Takarazuka stage. Kobayashi wanted to present his audiences with a dream world far removed from everyday life, and this rule remains even today. Performers also had to undergo two years of hard training at Takarazuka Music School, based on its motto, “Purity, Honesty, Beauty.” This is the fundamental difference between Takarazuka Revue shows and western operas and musicals, which hold auditions for each new production.

In his history of Takarazuka, Kobayashi used a curiously domestic metaphor in describing his dream: “It would be impossible to train men in that way for our productions. In cooking too, perhaps only men can produce something truly excellent, but it is women who rustle up something quick for the family. There are currently between 400 and 500 Takarazuka students and we could not have so many if we included men. There would be non-stop fighting and arguments. There is no room for men in Takarazuka, and it has an atmosphere that could not be created without limiting it to women only.”

Aside from theatrical activities, Kobayashi oversaw a number of creative entrepreneurial projects centered on the railway business that targeted ordinary consumers. He expanded the focus of his business from simply taking passengers from one point to another to include development of housing along the railway route and introduced Japan’s first mortgage system. He also opened the Hankyū Department Store at the railway’s Umeda terminal building in Osaka, with an affordable café on the top floor selling popular dishes like curry rice.

In 1938, when he was also CEO of Tokyo Electric (now TEPCO), Kobayashi set up Japan’s first business hotel, Daiichi Hotel in Shinbashi, Tokyo, to accommodate businessmen on trips to the capital. And he was involved in the management of Tōkyū’s railway business in its early days as well as the development of the exclusive Den’enchōfu residential district. 

As a corporate executive, Kobayashi preferred to take on a wide-ranging role akin to a theater producer, rather than simply issuing orders. And he occasionally demonstrated the literary skills sharpened by fiction writing, as when he wrote, printed, and distributed 10,000 pamphlets to promote the Minō Arima Electric Railway at the moment its launch was running into trouble, dubbing it the “most promising of rail companies.” He was also known to write pamphlets to publicize the sale of land and new houses.

Kobayashi’s acumen for public relations anticipated the sort of commercial messages we see today. His masterpiece in this vein came when he opened a line to Kobe in 1920 and produced a newspaper advertisement sniping at the crowded trains of his Hanshin rivals. “Our new express trains between Kobe and Osaka are clean, fast, and nearly empty, with great views and cool carriages.” It should not be surprising that he also wrote more than 20 theatrical pieces for the Takarazuka Revue.

Kobayashi later dabbled in politics. In 1940, he became the first private citizen appointed as minister of commerce and industry when he joined the cabinet of Konoe Fumimaro. However, disagreements with future Prime Minister Kishi Nobusuke led to his resignation after less than a year. Following the end of World War II, in 1945 he was appointed minister of state and president of the War Damage Rehabilitation Board, but he was quickly purged from this position. 

Although Kobayashi’s business interests covered a broad spectrum, he was “most interested in business activities related to people’s everyday lives,” according to Mukōyama Tateo. “If there was no firm connection between his work and people’s lives he felt it had no meaning for him.”

What he loved to work on most of all was Takarazuka, a kind of theater that ordinary people could easily attend. There were expensive seats, but there were plenty of cheap seats, too—“like outfield seats in baseball or third-tier seats in sumō,” Mukōyama notes. “People could go all year round. You don’t have to be close to the action to simply enjoy a little culture. Isn’t that what finding culture in our daily lives is all about?”

200 (number)

200 (two hundred) is the natural number after 199 and before 201.

300 (number)

300 (three hundred) is the natural number after 299 and before 301.

800 (number)

800 (eight hundred) is the natural number after 799 and before 801.

900 (number)

900 (nine hundred) is the natural number after 899 and before 901.

104 (number)

104 (one hundred [and] four) is a number. It is after 103 and before 105, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 4, 8, 13, 26, 52, and 104.

Mother Tucker

"Mother Tucker" is the 2nd episode of "Family Guy"s 5th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on September 17, 2006. In the episode, Peter Griffin's mother gets a divorce. She starts dating a news anchor. Stewie and Brian get a job at a radio station. The episode was written by Tom Devanney and James Purdum is the director of the episode. The episode was seen in about 9.23 million houses when it was first broadcast.

Peter's mother Thelma goes to his house to tell his family she is divorced. Peter and his wife Lois bring Thelma to a place for single people. She meets the news anchor Tom Tucker and starts dating him. Peter does not want them to date and tries to stop them. Tom tells Peter that he should just let Thelma be happy. Peter and Tom start to become friends. However, Thelma later leaves them and Peter thinks that he caused her to leave. Peter learns that it is imporant for fathers and their son to be with each other. He tells Tom to be with his son Jake more.

Brian gets his own talk show on the radio where he talks to phone callers. He tries to make the show feel intelligent, but Stewie makes prank phone calls on the show. The radio station thinks Stewie's calls are funny and makes him part of the show. Stewie makes the show more humorous and offensive. Brian first does not like the change, but he likes it after seeing people liking the new show. Gore Vidal shows up in the talk show after Brian asked him to be in the show before it was changed. Vidal does not like the changes to the show and leaves. Brian gets angry at the changes and stops being part of it.

"Mother Tucker" was written by Tom Devanney. James Purdum is the director of the episode. The radio station Brian worked for (called "Weenie and the Butt") uses many sound effects. The sound effects were made by people who sung at the Academy Awards. Seth MacFarlane (creator of "Family Guy") said that it took longer than normal to make the sound effects because they did not sound serious enough. Phyllis Diller guest stars as Peter's mother Thelma. Tamera Mowry and Gore Vidal are also guest stars in the episode. A part of the episode has Thelma trying to tell Peter that she is dating Tom Tucker. She says "Tom here has won a local Emmy for his work with the retardeds". The Fox network does not want the word "retard" or "retarded" to be broadcast on the network. However, this part of the episode was shown anyway. MacFarlane said he does not understand why Fox does not let them use the word retard, but other networks do. He said that this part of the episode made the mental health community angry. 

One part of the episode would show why Tom's son Jake has an upside down face. This was not put on broadcast. A part in the episode shows the characters of "Peanuts" as older people. At first, this was going to be put in the episode "Patriot Games", but that episode was too long to put it in.

The episode was watched in about 9.23 houses when it was first broadcast.

Dan Iverson from IGN said that the episode would make people who do not like "Family Guy" "laugh pretty hard." Iverson thought that it "won't be remembered as fondly as some of the episodes from the first few seasons." He thought the funniest part of the episode was showing how radio jockeys are "immature". Brett Love from TV Squad did not like the story with Peter, Thelma, and Tom. Love thought that the "Stewie and Brian stuff was the best part of the episode", but said that the episode was a "slow start to the season". Francis Rizzo from DVD Talk said that the story about radio is "a perfect parody of everything that's wrong in radio."

Viva (2015 movie)

Viva is a 2015 Irish Cuban drama movie directed by Paddy Breathnach and starring Jorge Perugorría, Luis Alberto García, Héctor Medina, Jorge Martinez, Laura Alemán.

105 (number)

105 (one hundred [and] five) is a number. It is after 104 and before 106, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 3, 5, 7, 15, 21, 35, and 105.

Passive smoking

Someone smoking a pipe or a cigarette will exhale tobacco smoke. People who are physically close to the smoker will inhale the smoke. This is called passive smoking. Even though passive smokers don't smoke themselves, they are still affected by the smoke. The effects of inhaling tobacco smoke are similar to those of smoking. These effects were first studied in the 1970s. Since then, many countries have made laws that limit who is allowed to smoke, and where smoking is allowed. As an example, many countries made laws that made smoking in restauarants illegal, to protect the staff against the effects of passive smoking. 

Clairy-Saulchoix

Clairy-Saulchoix is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cléry-sur-Somme

Cléry-sur-Somme is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cocquerel

Cocquerel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cernay

Cernay is the name of several communes in France:

Coisy

Coisy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Colincamps

Colincamps is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Aldama Municipality, Chihuahua

Aldama is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is Juan Aldama. The municipality covers an area of 9,835.9 km².

In 2010, the municipality had a total population of 22,302.

Carex

Carex is a huge genus of more than 2,000 species of sedge. 

They are grass-like plants in the family Cyperaceae, commonly known as sedges. Other members of the family Cyperaceae are also called sedges, but those of genus "Carex" may be called true sedges. "Carex" has most species in the family.

All species of "Carex" are perennial.

Japan Landa Imphal

Japan Landa Imphal (, ) is a 2012 Indian Meitei language historical romantic fiction movie. It was produced by Chandam Shyamcharan. The storyline is based on the romance between a Meitei girl and a Japanese soldier during the Battle of Imphal, a World War II event in Manipur.

Imphal 1944

Imphal 1944 () is 2014 WWII feature movie based on the Battle of Imphal. It was directed and produced by Japanese actor and filmmaker Junichi Kajioka. It was based on London. It was produced on the 70th Anniversary Commemoration of the Battle of Imphal (WWII) in Imphal on 28th June, 2014. Notably, the film was screened in the Cannes Film Festival in 2015.

Death of Kelsey Smith-Briggs

Kelsey Shelton Smith-Briggs (December 28, 2002 – October 11, 2005) was a child abuse victim. She died at the home of her biological mother Raye Dawn Smith, and her stepfather Michael Lee Porter. 

Her death was ruled a homicide. Kelsey had been "closely" observed by the Oklahoma Department of Human Services from January 2005 up to and including the day of her death.

Condé-Folie

Condé-Folie is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Crime Crackers 2

Crime Crackers 2 is a video game developed by Media Vision and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation's Japanese 1997 video game.

"Crime Crackers 2" is a first-person shooter with role-playing elements.

Team Guppy are a group of what are known as "Crackers" -- skilled bounty hunters who make a living fighting against space pirates under contract from the Galactic Police. Team Guppy haven't been around long, and aren't particularly famous, so they don't get a whole lot of work. One day, they get a request from the Galactic Police to respond to a pirate attack on Jack Station, and they jump at the chance.

"Crime Crackers 2" is the sequel to Crime Crackers, and is again a first-person action game in a similar style. It takes place two years after the original, following a team of Crackers who got into the business after being inspired by Team Pink Dolphin, the heroes of the first game. Just like the previous title, the player must explore each area, defeating enemies and collecting items until they find and defeat the boss.

There are several changes to the system since the first title. The most significant is the elimination of action mode: The player can now always attack forward, giving the game a faster pace than its predecessor, but still more deliberate than, say, Doom. The team size has increased to four, and again each member has their own specific abilities, as well as their own life and weapon energy meters.

The game is otherwise quite similar to the first game. The story is driven through communication from the support team during missions, as well as in animated cutscenes between them. There is also the option to buy and sell items between missions. The game also features a branching storyline with numerous endings, and will even keep track of which branches the player has played through.

Dreambuilders

<nowiki> </nowiki>Dreambuilders aka "DreamBuilders: The Movie" or "Mina and the Dreambuilders" in United States on DVD releases, is an 2020 Danish English-language comedy-fantasy adventure animated film directed by Kim Hagen Jensen. released in Denmark by February 6, 2020. and United Kingdom released in July 17, 2020. then direct-to video released in North America from June 5, 2021 by Warner Bros. Home Entertainment. 

A young girl named Minna lives with her father John in the country, while her mother Karen went out to pursue her dream as a singer. One day, her life changes when her dad remarries his new wife named Helene, with her daughter Jenny, whom Minna argues and fights with. While she's dreaming one night, she finds a hole in the sky, which leads her into a world where blue creatures control her dreams. Minna investigates this world, where she realizes the blue creatures are called Dreambuilders, who are responsible for creating dreams. There, she meets Gaff, and while hiding from the grouchy Inspector, she is accidently transported to her father's dream, where she changes his dream by switching a can of anchovies for cake.

Realizing that John now loves anchovies the next morning, Minna realizes that she can alter people's dreams. Soon, Jenny is then bothered by her pet hamster, Viggo, and immediately wants to take it to an animal shelter. To stop this, Minna goes into the dream world, and with the help of Gaff, is able to alter Jenny's dream by making her dance with a giant-sized Viggo. As she's returning to her original stage, Minna realizes that if a dreamer is out of their stage for too long, they fade away. Upon waking up, Jenny is now liking the pet, but things soon go awry when Minna finds out her stepsister was mocking her on Instagram due to the sweater she was wearing. So that evening, Jenny's dream is now changed when the owner of a clothing store makes her to try Minna's sweater. She is then nearly caught by the Inspector, but is saved my Milo, a former Dreambuilder who destroyed a set by altering the script, thus making him a janitor.

Returning to the real world, Jenny panics upon waring Minna's sweater and in a fit of anxiety, decides to move back to the city. While packing, Jenny discovers Minna's diary with her plans to fix her, and is upset that her stepsister is now tampering with her dreams. She then goes to Helene and decides that she's changed her mind. A jealous Minna is upset that John loves her sister then her, and so she lashes out her family in a fit of rage, In the dream world, Minna constructs a nightmare for Jenny by exploiting her fear of spiders, even a giant-sized one. But then, the stage collapses, and not only Gaff is made a janitor by the Inspector, Jenny falls into the Dream Trash and in the real world, falls into a coma. Realizing her mistakes, Minna then tells John that she can fix her mistakes.

She then falls asleep, and in her dream, she then finds Karen who forces her to stay in bed. However, Minna is soon clear to find out that Karen is actually an actor (she can also tell because Karen hates board games). She then goes to the Dream Trash where she finds Jenny. After the tower leading then out gets destroyed, the 2 try to find their way out. Suddenly, the spider from the nightmare comes alive and beings chasing them. They soon hide in an old dream set, realizing that it's one of Jenny's former dreams, where Minna learns that Helene's husband left her and her stepsister, blaming them for the move. The 2 then reconcile and find an old dream controller, and with the levitating objects, use them for a ladder to get to the stage. They are almost caught by the spider, but with the help of Gaff and the Inspector, Minna manages to shut it off. Suddenly, Jenny begins to fade away due to being out of her stage for too long, but the friends manage for her to get back and wake up on time. In the real world, Minna is delighted for Jenny to be alive, and the 2 then spend time with their parents as a family.

In the dream world, Gaff, now a Dreambuilder (along with Milo), begins constructing a new dream with the Inspector.

in American version additional voices: Fred Tatasciore, Lara Jill Miller, Jeff Fischer, Anna Akana, Susanne Blakeslee, Jennifer Hale, Kari Wahlgren, Rob Paulsen.

Velldeselba Senki: Tsubasa-No-Kunshou

Velldeselba Senki: Tsubasa no Kunshou (ベルデセルバ戦記～翼の勲章～) is a RPG/Strategy video game published by SCEI, Tenky released on April 18th, 1997 for the Sony PlayStation.

Velldeselba Senki Tsubasa no Kunshou is a massive project with beautiful cut scenes and soothing soundtrack, yet even more polish has been spent on the game engine.

The world is a sky based one with contraptions looking like they've come straight out of the Miyazaki anime Laputa: Castle in the Sky and influenced also by another fine Miyazaki anime in Nausica. Wonderful flight engine giving players the freedom to explore far and wide. A very fine and under-rated RPG.

The gameplay is divided into 2 different sections: In the story part the player controls the main character and have to go around different places and talk to several characters to make the story advance after he received his next mission.

In the mission parts and other parts of the game in which can control the plane to explore around the world, the player controls the plane and have to fight againts enemies planes, the game changes here from the 2d graphics perspective to a 3D graphics one.

 Manufacturer's description:

Exist in a corner of the universe, planet Berudeseruba. During the war is increasingly stronger, I saw a certain man was drifting, the fly with the Blue Sky of Berudeseruba calmly, was majesty of the giant airship ·. Was captivated by the game many fans been released pleasure to fly comfortably and flight such as a jet battle scene will be deployed in 3D!! Of until now was different, the sky! In 1997, the flight adventure of innovation Archives finally appeared in the game!

Yarudora Series Vol. 4: Yukiwari no Hana

Yarudora Series Vol. 4: Yukiwari no Hana (the PlayStation Portable version is known as Yarudora Portable: Yukiwari no Hana) is an adventure game for the PlayStation released on November 26th 1998 by Sugar & Rockets Inc. It was released digitally for the PlayStation Portable.

The game plot's is about a student at a university that lives next to a girl named Kaori Sakuragi who he has a major crush on. One day, he is invited to a party but refuses to go so that he can stalk the object of his affection. When he witnesses Kaori kissing her fiancé, he becomes distraught but soon after, two policemen knock on his door. They query him and ask if he knows a girl named Kaori Sakuragi...

The time when truth & lie will collide in a story that takes place in a port area area of the city at winter. A story that combines loves with the anxiety caused by uncertainty. A forgotten past that is lost in the present and advance to an uncertain future, a love enveloped in silence and in the snowflakes that delayed the spring time that will bloom the flower that is covered in a white layer of mistery.

The game is sort of like "Heavy Rain" except presented with anime cutscenes.

Originally released in 1998, the Yarudora (an abbreviation of Yaru Dorama which translates to "Drama that You Do") series of games all followed a central theme where a girl with amnesia enters the player's life. With the appearance of the girl, an interactive adventure follows where the story plays out in animated motion with choices to select along the way which affect the ultimate outcome.

Features in the game include a graphics gallery, a replay function, and the ability to view various endings once they are achieved during a normal game.

 Manufacturer's description:

Is a hero, to keep with the story made up only doing the animation drives ?love story begins with the fourth series of the port city of snow. The main character, had received the emotions live in apartments next to Sakuragi, loses his love. One day, I told the police that the incident happened to. When leading a secret desire, a mixture of truth and falsehood.

 Features:


Nini Gogichaishvili

Nini Gogichaishvili (; born 23 November 1993) is a Georgian model. She became "Mis Georgia" in 2018. She represented Georgia in the Miss World 2018 competition.

Son of the Nile

Son of the Nile ( translit. Ibn El Nil) is a 1951 Egyptian romantic drama movie directed by Youssef Chahine and starring Shukry Sarhan, Faten Hamama, Yehia Chahine, Mahmoud El-Meliguy, Nader Galal.

Dances of Manipur

The term "Dances of Manipur" covers the different aspects of the varying dance forms originated from the kingdom of Manipur. Many times the very term is often misunderstood and confused with the term Manipuri dance. In fact, Manipuri dance is a particular dance form while "Dances of Manipur" refer to any dance forms associated with Manipur.
Jagoi, originally spelled as Chatkoi, is any traditional form of dancing in Manipuri culture, especially performed by the devotees to please the deities. 

Here is a list of the "Chatkoi"s ("Jagoi"s) :

The Chukpharon Jagoi (; ) is a traditional Jagoi (Chatkoi) performed by the Maibis to please the four Maikei Ngaakpa Lais (guardian deities of directions) in the Lai Haraoba festival.

The Khamba Thoibi Jagoi (; ) is one of the most popular folk dance forms of the Indian subcontinent. It is a devotional dance believed to be first performed by Khuman Khamba and Moirang Thoibi in the premise of the historic Ebudhou Thangjing Temple in Ancient Moirang, a province in Ancient Manipur.

The Laiching Jagoi (; ) is a traditional Jagoi performed by the Maibis to summon the deities by holding a "Langthrei leaf" (Blumea balsamifera) in the Lai Haraoba festival.

The Laihou Jagoi (; ) is a traditional opening or inviting Jagoi (dance form) performed by the Maibis, by proceeding towards a pond or a river, in the Lai Haraoba festival.

The Leima Jagoi (; ) is a traditional Jagoi, performed by the maidens. It is best known for its graceful gestures and glittering costumes.

The Leisem Jagoi (; ) is a traditional Meitei Jagoi performed by the Maibis in the Lai Haraoba festival. It depicts the creation of the earth in the Meitei mythology and religion.

The Maibi Jagoi (; ) is one of the most graceful folk dance forms of the Indian subcontinent. It is a dance performed by the Maibis in the Lai Haraoba festival. The dance form varies depending on the themes as well as regional variation.

The Panthoibi Jagoi (; ) is a divine traditional dance form, depicting the romance between Panthoibi and Nongpok Ningthou.
The Manipuri Rasa Leela dance () is one of the eight classical dance forms of India and is originated from Manipur. Its theme is based on the devotion and romance between Krishna and , including Radha.

The Thougal Jagoi (; ), also known as the Jagoi Ashangbi (; ), is a traditional Meitei Jagoi, performed by both men and women, along with the Maibis to invoke the deities in the Lai Haraoba festival.

The Shop on Main Street

The Shop on Main Street (Czech/Slovak: Obchod na korze; in the UK The Shop on the High Street) is a 1965 Slovakian World War II drama movie directed by Elmar Klos and Ján Kadár. It stars Ida Kamińska (in her Oscar nominated role), Jozef Kroner, Hana Slivková, Martin Hollý, Sr., František Zvarík, Adam Matejka, Martin Gregor, and Tibor Vadaš. It won the 1966 Academy Award for Best Foreign Film and other awards.


Yarudora Series Vol. 1: Double Cast

Yarudora Series Vol.1: Double Cast (the PlayStation Portable version is known as Yarudora Portable: Double Cast) is the first entry in the Yarudora series of FMV adventure games where the player watches video clips while making dialogue choices that can branch the story to a number of different endings. Animation was produced by Production I.G., featuring character designs and animation direction by Keiji Gotoh, while Sugar & Rockets handled the game development side of the production. SCEI published Double Cast in Japan on June 25, 1998 for the PlayStation with a ported for the PlayStation Portable later being releasing in 2005 as Yarudora Portable: Double Cast.

The story is a about a young college student that is helped out of the garbage by an energetic young woman after he passed out from drinking all night. As it turns out the woman has lost her memories and can only remember her name, Akasaka Mitsuki, but otherwise doesn't know anything else about herself. One thing leads to another and the two begin living together and Mitsuki eventually volunteers to play the leading role in a movie being created by the protagonist's college film studies group. However the movie's script has a shady history and is thought to be cursed, with misfortune befalling anyone that tries to adapt it. As the group begins filming, a mysterious man on a motorcycle tries to attack Mitsuki among other strange happenings involving the cast and crew.

Yarudora Series Vol. 2: Kisetsu O Dakishimete

Yarudora Series Vol. 2: Kisetsu o Dakishimete (Embracing the Season) is the second installment in the Yarudora series of FMV adventure games developed between Sony's Sugar & Rocket and famed animation studio, Production I.G. The story follows a young man and his childhood friend who discover a young girl laying unconscious underneath a cherry blossom cherry one day. When the girl awakens she doesn't remember who she is but the protagonist does, she was a girl that he had a crush on in high school but who died tragically in a car accident years ago. Somehow she is alive again, looking the same as she did in high school. The title released in Japan on July 23, 1998 for the PlayStation and was later ported to the PlayStation Portable in 2005.

In Yarudora Series Vol.2 Kisetsu O Dakishimete the protagonist and his friend Tomoko are walking under cherry trees filled with blossoms when they find a young girl who appears to be sleeping. The unconscious girl happens to be Asayo, who the protagonist had a major crush on in high school. When she wakes up, her memory has been wiped clean and it's up to the player and Tomoko to help her remember the events leading up to her cherry tree sojourn.

The game was originally released in 1998, the Yarudora (a conjunction of Yaru Dorama which translates to "Drama that You Do") series of games all followed a central theme where a girl with amnesia enters the player's life. With the appearance of the girl, an interactive adventure follows where the story plays out in animated motion with choices to select along the way which affect the ultimate outcome. Features in the game include a graphics gallery, a replay function, and the ability to view various endings once they are achieved during a normal game.

Manufacturer's description:

2nd go step-by-step story become a hero, that are configured with only animated series "Dora do." Achievement rate will be displayed scene number and clear ending, enjoy as many times as you want. Hero has just been admitted to the university and meet her first love-just like the Mayu, the mind goes wavering between girlfriend Tomoko from the prep school.

 Features:


Yarudora Series Vol. 3: Sampaguita

Yarudora Series Vol. 3 Sampaguita is the third one in the Yarudora series originally released for PlayStation and later released for the PlayStation Portable console. It was released October 15, 1998 with PlayStation and July 28, 2005 with PlayStation Portable in Japan.

While walking home in the rain from a party one night, the protagonist finds a girl sitting in the street. Homing in closer for a look, she has a cut on her head and is bleeding. Chivalry isn't dead when the player props the girl on his back and brings her home. Her name is Maria but she remembers nothing else about herself and why she was in the gutter.

Features in the game include a graphics gallery, a replay function, and the ability to view various endings once they are achieved during a normal game.

The game features 28 different endings (20 bad endings, 5 normal endings and 3 good endings) depending of the player choices during the game.

 Manufacturer's description:

All stories will be told in the video! Play time is about an hour and a half hours average once. In the meantime, all of the story is told in only go video and audio. Smooth deployment, such as that seen OVA though.

Cold rain-swept night, the hero has found a woman crouched in a narrow alley. The name of the unique woman came Maria, from the Philippines. . . . And a cassette tape of the book, photos of Itcho handgun, a piece of Maria was in the back. Flowing leisurely moments with Maria, the mystery man of the Philippines · break it out.

What I find a past hero of Maria?

 Features:


B.O.C Road

B.O.C Road (Bombay Oil Company) is a locality in the Perumbavoor municipality of Ernakulam district of Kerala.
It is located between Harihara Iyer Road, Marikkar Road and Aimury Road. It is a residential area with private residences and business establishments. The neighbourhood has a resident welfare association called B.O.C Road Residents Association registered under the Ernakulam District Residents Associations’ Apex Council (EDRAAC). The Association is registered to the Perumbavoor municipality and assigns registration numbers for buildings in the locality. The official PIN Code is 683542. B.O.C Road is separated into three wards - Taluk Hospital, Asramam and Pooppany. 








There has been an influx of migrants from other states into the town that has also changed the demographic makeup of the town , also causing migrants who are mostly daily wage labourers to move into B.O.C Road . The mostly homogenous demographic makeup is slowly diversifying , largely owing to Perumbavoor's industrial importance.

There are currently plans for a Perumbavoor-Rayamangalam road near KSRTC bus stand and passes by Iringole Kavu to reach Aluva-Munnar Road which later reaches MC Road near the Vallam bridge which would increase connectivity through B.O.C Road . Perumbavoor MLA Eldhose Kunnapilly spoke about the industrial significance of Perumbavoor's plywood and furniture industry and how this would increase connectivity to the eastern part of Ernakulam.

Montevarchi

Montevarchi is an Italian town in Tuscany. About 24,400 people live there.

Anghiari

Anghiari is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany. It has about 5,400 people.

The Battle of Anghiari took place on 29 June 1440 between the Republic of Florence and the Duchy of Milan.

Cortona

Cortona is a town in the province of Arezzo, in Tuscany, Italy. It has about 22,000 people.

Morgex

Morgex is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Ollomont

Ollomont is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Oyace

Oyace is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Samurai Deeper Kyo (video game)

Samurai Deeper Kyo is a fighting game released 2002 for the PlayStation and Game Boy Advance. It was released in December 12, 2002 with PlayStation in Japan. Game Boy Advance version released December 27, 2002 in Japan and February 12, 2008 in North America. It was the last game to be released for the GBA before the system’s discontinuation in North America on May 15, 2010.

Samurai Deeper Kyo is an Action game, developed and published by Bandai, which was released in Japan in 2002.

Hyères

Hyères is a commune of 55,069 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Saint-Raphaël, Var

Saint-Raphaël is a commune of 35,633 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Adelaide Kane

Adelaide Victoria Kane (born 9 August 1990) is an Australian actress and model. Her early roles include Lolly Allen in the soap opera "Neighbours" and Tenaya 7 (later Tenaya 15) in the children's series "Power Rangers RPM". After moving to the United States, she appeared as Cora Hale in the third season of MTV's "Teen Wolf", Mary, Queen of Scots in The CW period drama series "Reign" and Drizella in the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) series "Once Upon a Time".

Kane was born in Claremont, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia. Her father is a Scot from Glasgow, while her mother is an Australian of Scottish, Irish and French ancestry.

Kane is bisexual. She has spoken about living with generalised anxiety disorder.

Winter Carnival

Winter Carnival is a 1939 American comedy-drama movie directed by Charles Reisner and starring Ann Sheridan, Richard Carlson, Helen Parrish, James Corner, Alan Baldwin, Robert Armstrong, Jimmy Butler, Virginia Gilmore, Joan Leslie. It was distributed by United Artists.

Paul Tibbitt

Paul Harrison Tibbitt IV (born May 13, 1968) is an American animator, television director, writer, storyboard artist, songwriter, voice actor and director. He is best known for working on the animated series "SpongeBob SquarePants".

Stolen Kisses

Stolen Kisses () is a 1968 French romantic comedy-drama movie directed by François Truffaut and starring Jean-Pierre Léaud, Claude Jade, Delphine Seyrig, Daniel Ceccaldi, Claire Duhamel, Michael Lonsdale, Serge Rousseau, Harry-Max, André Falcon, Catherine Lutz. It was nominated for an Academy Award and 1 Golden Globe in 1969.


Bellman–Ford algorithm

In computer science, Bellman-Ford is an algorithm used to compute the shortest distances and paths from a single node within a graph to all other nodes.

It is more robust than Dijkstra's algorithm because it is able to handle graphs containing negative edge weights. It may be improved by noting that, if an iteration of the main loop of the algorithm completes without making any changes, the algorithm can be immediately completed, as future iterations will not make any changes. Its runtime is formula_1 time, where formula_2 and formula_3 are the number of nodes and edges respectively.

 function BellmanFord("list" nodes, "list" edges, "node" source) is

Contalmaison

Contalmaison is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Contay

Contay is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Conteville, Somme

Conteville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Contre

Contre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. In 2018, 147 people lived there.

The commune is about southwest of Amiens.

Bitlis

Bitlis is a city in eastern Turkey. The city is in the Central Anatolia Region. In 2020, 70,344 people lived there.

Conty

Conty is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Gorenflos

Gorenflos is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Coullemelle

Coullemelle is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Paul Heckingbottom

Paul Heckingbottom (born 17 July 1977) is an English football coach and former player who is currently the head coach of Sheffield United. Heckingbottom played as a defender for several English clubs, including Sunderland, Scarborough, Hartlepool United, Darlington, Norwich City, Bradford City, Sheffield Wednesday, Barnsley and Mansfield Town.

Sheffield Wednesday

Barnsley

Barnsley

Sheffield United

Individual

Courcelette

Courcelette is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Courcelles-au-Bois

Courcelles-au-Bois is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Courcelles-sous-Thoix

Courcelles-sous-Thoix is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cramont

Cramont is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Montignoso

Montignoso is a "comune" in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Bagnone

Bagnone is a "comune" in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Comano, Tuscany

Comano is a "comune" in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Casola in Lunigiana

Casola in Lunigiana is a "comune" in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Filattiera

Filattiera is a "comune" in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Interior tree frog

The interior tree frog ("Dendropsophus melanargyreus") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, French Guiana, Paraguay, and Brazil.

This frog is 35.0 mm long from nose to rear end, not counting the legs.

This frog lives near the edges of forests and inside forests near water. People see it on leaves and branches.

AI Song Contest

The AI Song Contest (Dutch: AI Songfestival) is a song contest run by the public broadcaster VPRO, in collaboration with NPO 3FM and NPO Innovation that started in 2020. Different singers representing countries of Europe and also Australia (as in Eurovision). But since 2021 edition this rule was dropped to allow teams from non-Eurovision countries to enter as well. For the 3rd edition more of 100 entries were send to the AISC team, after that they chosen a total of 48 teams to take part on the competition and they announced to make a final, finally the AISC team chosen internally 15 teams to the final. 

The competitors are famous AI teams include: AImCAT, KTH+KMH, M.O.G.I.I.7.E.D., PAMP!, Uncanny Valley and Yaboi Hanoi. 


Charles Darrow

Charles Darrow (10 August 1889 — 28 August 1967) was one of the founders of Monopoly.

In the 1930s, Charles met Lizzie Maggie, founder of The Landlord’s Game, they played a game of that, and so that Charles Darrow became one of the founders of Monopoly.

In 1935, He sold Monopoly to Parker Brothers.

Darrow died on 28 August 1967, in Bucks County, Pennsylvania at the age of 78.

Baby Blue (group)

Baby Blue (; stylized in all caps) is a Filipino girl group and first sub-unit of idol group MNL48. They debuted with the lead single Sweet Talking Sugar in September 2020, which topped in Egg Music charts in Japan. Baby Blue is one of the first Filipino artists to make it to Japanese music charts.

On September 1, MNL48 announced the formation of Baby Blue, the group's first-ever sub-unit, in partnership with Tower Records Japan, a major Japanese music retailer. Said sub-unit is formed by MNL48 members Jan Elaurza, Coleen Trinidad and Amy Isidto. Following the announcement, Baby Blue officially released its debut single titled "Sweet Talking Sugar", and was made available through EGGS, a Japanese digital music subscription service. The single, according to HHE, is an homage to the famous city pop genre, with a modern take via "the R&B and hip-hop genre". An official music video, produced by Carlo Manatad of Plan C, was released on GYAO!, Yahoo Japan's free online streaming site on September 16 and on MNL48's official YouTube channel on the next day.

Baby Blue released teasers such as pre-saved posters and audio snippets for their third single in March 29, 2021. In April 21 of the same year Baby Blue released their third digital single "Stuck On You". This song is a straight love song with a pop beat and a light sound. The pre-order of the song started on April 7. In May 28, 2021, the group launched their official fans club site where live videos, blogs, and other info can only be seen there. Subsequently, on the same day, they also opened their official YouTube channel and showed content that can only be seen there, such as cover videos, songs and dance covers of Japanese songs. 

In December 15, 2021, the group released their first major single, "Head Up". The track release marks the fourth single released by the group and their first ballad. It is also the group's major debut in Japan. "HEAD UP" was released in advance on December 15 and will be re-released on February 19, 2022.

On June 30, 2022, after her 4 years in the group, Baby Blue's leader Jan Elaurza announced her graduation from MNL48, she also announced departure from the unit. On the same day, it was announced on the official website of Baby Blue that Frances Pinlac of MNL48 Team L will be replacing Jan.

Baby Blue was influenced by Japanese popular music genres, such as City pop and J-pop. They are also inspired by AKB48.

On December 20, 2020, the group performed on ABS-CBN's "Ikaw ang Liwanag at Ligaya: The ABS-CBN Christmas Special" pre-show entitled "KTnX ang Babait Ninyo: ABS-CBN Christmas Special Fundraising Show" for the segment "P-pop RISE" with MNL48, BGYO, PHP and Bini, a benefit show for the survivors and evacuees in areas hit by typhoons such as Rolly and Ulysses.

Current members
Past members





Aachen dialect

The Aachen dialect ("Öcher Platt") is a dialect of Ripuarian Franconian. The dialect is spoken in Aachen and Central Rhineland. 


"This article is based on its German ."

The Knife (movie)

The Knife () is a 1961 Dutch drama movie directed by Fons Rademakers and was based on the novel by Hugo Claus. It stars Marie-Louise Videc, Reitze van der Linden, Ellen Vogel, Paul Cammermans, Guus Hermus, Cor Witschge, Hetty Beck.

Zus &amp; Zo

Zus & Zo is a 2001 Dutch romantic fantasy comedy movie directed by Paula van der Oest and starring Monic Hendrickx, Anneke Blok, Sylvia Poorta, Jacob Derwig, Halina Reijn, Annet Nieuwenhuyzen. It was nominated for an Academy Awards in 2003.

Alamat (band)

Alamat (stylized in all caps) is a Filipino boy group formed in 2020 and under Viva Music Entertainment and Ninuno Media. The group was debuted as a 9 members. However, the group now consists of six members: Taneo, Mo, Jao, Tomás, R-Ji and Alas, because past member Kin left in March 2021 and past members Valfer and Gami left in March 2022.

Current members

Past members

Brian Acton

Brian Acton (born 1972) is an computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur. He is the executive chairman of the Signal Foundation.

He previously worked at Yahoo!, and currently co-founded of WhatsApp.

Acton graduated from Lake Howell High School. Acton started studying engineering from the University of Pennsylvania but left after a year to study at Stanford. He holds bachelor's degree in computer science from Stanford University.

In 1992, he became a systems administrator for Rockwell International, before becoming a product tester at Apple Inc. and Adobe Systems. In 1996, he became the 44th employee hired by Yahoo inc.

Homura (video game)

, style as HOMURA, is a shoot 'em up video game, released in Japan by Taito Corporation an 505 Gamestreet in Europe version. Released in 2005 in Japan, and 2006 in Europe.

Nathaniel Walter Barnardiston

Nathaniel Walter Barnardiston (November 29, 1858 - August 18, 1919) was a British major general during World War I and commanded the , along with the 2nd Battalion and the during the in 1914.

Barnardiston (1858-1919) was born at The Ryes in Little Henny, Essex in 1858. He was the son of Colonel Nathaniel Barnardiston, veteran of the Crimean War, and his wife Lady Florence Barnardiston (née Legge). He had three brothers and five sisters.

After a private education and attendance at , he joined the () in 1878, serving as adjutant of the 2nd Battalion between 1882 and 1886. He was made captain in 1885 and three years later graduated from the Staff College. Barnardiston served as to the between 1889 and 1892 and, on returning home, married Sarah Hall. Their daughter Joan was born five years later.

Promoted to major, he then served as Deputy Assistant Adjutant General of the Eastern District (1894-97) before joining the Intelligence Division at the War Office (1898-1901); here he wrote guidebooks on both the Belgian and French armies. This posting was interrupted by active service with 2nd Battalion The Duke of Cambridge’s Own (Middlesex Regiment) during the (1899-1902). He then served as to Brussels, and the Scandinavian Courts (1902-06), being promoted to lieutenant-colonel in 1904.

Barnardiston was Assistant Commandant at the from 1906 until 1910. Promoted to colonel, he then became assistant director of Military Training. He was made a major-general in 1914. Following his exploits in China, Barnardiston later commanded the 39th Division during 1915-16, before being made Chief of the British Military Mission to Portugal (1916-19).

Major-General Barnardiston died on August 18, 1919 at Felixstowe Cottage Hospital. He was buried at St Mary’s church in Great Henny, Essex.


The Man Who Sold His Skin

The Man Who Sold His Skin () is a 2020 international drama movie. It was directed by Kaouther Ben Hania and starred Yahya Mahayni, Dea Liane, Koen De Bouw, Monica Bellucci, Saad Lostan, Wim Delvoye. 

It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2021. It premiered in the Horizons section at the 77th Venice International Film Festival, where Yahya Mahayni won the Best Actor Award.

Fivizzano

Fivizzano is a "comune" in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Fosdinovo

Fosdinovo is a "comune" in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Manila in the Claws of Light

Manila in the Claws of Light () is a 1975 Filipino drama movie directed by Lino Brocka and was based on the novel "In the Claws of Brightness" by Edgardo M. Reyes. It stars Rafael Roco, Jr., Hilda Koronel, Lou Salvador, Jr., Tommy Abuel, Joonee Gamboa, Tommy Yap.


Dicomano

Dicomano is a "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany. It is about northeast of Florence.


Quo Vadis, Aida?

Quo Vadis, Aida? ( "Where are you going, Aida?") is a 2020 Bosnian Austrian Romanian Dutch German Polish French Norwegian Turkish war drama movie directed by Jasmila Žbanić and starring Jasna Đuričić, Izudin Bajrović, Boris Isaković, Johan Heldenbergh, Raymond Thiry, Boris Ler, Dino Bajrović. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2021.

No Man's Land (2001 movie)

No Man's Land (, Ничија земља) is a 2001 Bosnian French Belgian Italian Slovenian British war comedy drama movie directed by Danis Tanović and starring Branko Đurić, Rene Bitorajac, Filip Šovagović, Georges Siatidis, Alain Eloy, Bogdan Diklić, Mustafa Nadarević. It won an Academy Award in 2002.


Licciana Nardi

Licciana Nardi is a "comune" in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Mulazzo

Mulazzo is a "comune" in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.

King of Thieves (2004 movie)

King of Thieves is a 2004 Slovakian Czech Slovenian Dutch Austrian Belgian German French drama movie directed by Ivan Fíla and starring Lazar Ristovski, Jakov Kultiasov, Katharina Thalbach, Julia Khanverdieva, Oktay Özdemir, Paulus Manker, Birol Ünel, Imogen Kogge, Yasemin Büyüksapci.


Hive (movie)

Hive is a 2021 Kosovan Swiss Albanian Macedonian drama movie directed by first time director Blerta Basholli and starring Yllka Gashi, Çun Lajçi, Aurita Agushi, Kumrije Hoxha, Adriana Matoshi, Molikë Maxhuni, Blerta Ismaili. It was released on November 5, 2021 in the United States.

God Exists, Her Name Is Petrunija

God Exists, Her Name Is Petrunija () is a 2019 Macedonian Belgian Slovenian Croatian French drama movie directed by Teona Strugar Mitevska and stars Zorica Nusheva, Labina Mitevska, Stefan Vujisic, Suad Begovski.

The Parade (movie)

The Parade () is a 2011 Serbian Slovenian Croatian French Macedonian British comedy-drama movie directed by Srđan Dragojević and starring Nikola Kojo, Miloš Samolov, Goran Jevtić, Hristina Popović, Dejan Aćimović, Toni Mihajlovski, Goran Navojec, Mira Stupica, Relja Popović, Nataša Marković.

Westland, Michigan

Westland is a city in Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 85,420 people lived here.

Journey of Hope (movie)

Journey of Hope (; ) is a 1990 Swiss Turkish British French drama movie directed by Xavier Koller and starring Mathias Gnädinger, Necmettin Çobanoglu, Nur Sürer, Emin Sivas, Yaman Okay, Andrea Zogg, Dietmar Schönherr. It won an Academy Award in 1991.

Dangerous Moves

Dangerous Moves () is a 1984 Swiss French Liechtenstein sports drama movie directed by Richard Dembo and starring Michel Piccoli, Alexandre Arbatt, Liv Ullmann, Leslie Caron, Wojciech Pszoniak, Daniel Olbrychski, Michel Aumont. It won an Academy Award in 1985.

Jan Koum

Jan Koum (Ukrainian: Ян Кум; born February 24, 1976) is a Ukrainian American entrepreneur and computer programmer. He is the co-founder and was the CEO of WhatsApp. 

Koum was born in Kyiv, Ukraine. He was raised and grew up in Fastiv, outside Kyiv, and moved with his mother and grandmother to Mountain View, California.

Crémery

Crémery is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cressy-Omencourt

Cressy-Omencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

2021 Meron crowd crush

On 30 April 2021, at about 00:50 IDT, a deadly crowd crush happened in Meron, Israel, during a religious event on Mount Meron on the Jewish holiday of Lag BaOmer. About 100,000 people were in attendance. Forty-five people were killed, and more than 150 injured. It is the deadliest civil disaster in the history of Israel.

Bob Baffert

Robert A. Baffert (born January 13, 1953) is an American racehorse trainer. He trained the 2015 Triple Crown winner American Pharoah and 2018 Triple Crown winner Justify. Baffert was born in Nogales, Arizona.

Baffert's horses have won a record six Kentucky Derbies, eight Preakness Stakes, three Belmont Stakes, and three Kentucky Oaks.

Medina Spirit

Medina Spirit (April 5, 2018 – December 6, 2021) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2021 Kentucky Derby. He qualified for the race by winning the Robert B. Lewis Stakes and finishing second in both the San Felipe Stakes and Santa Anita Derby.

He was ridden by jockey John Velazquez and trained by Bob Baffert in his record seventh Derby victory. At first, the odds for Medina Spirit to win the derby was 12-1 or 8%.

Medina Spirit died of a heart attack on December 6, 2021 in Arcadia, California at the age of 3.

Murder of Christopher Barrios Jr.

Christopher Michael Barrios Jr. (January 2, 2001 – March 8, 2007) was a 6-year-old American boy who was raped and murdered in Brunswick, Georgia, on March 8, 2007. His body was discovered on March 15, 2007, just a few miles from where he disappeared.

Timothy Quill

Timothy Quill (9 May 1901 – 10 June 1960) was an Irish Labour Party politician, farmer and a figure in the history of the cooperative movement in Ireland. He was a founder of the City of Cork Co-operative Society (also serving as the society's secretary), and was the editor of "The Cork Co-Operator" publication. He was also manager and secretary of the Cork Co-operative Bakery Society. He was an organiser for the Labour Party in Cork, a regional trade union secretary and one of a number of early Labour Dáil members to promote Christian socialism. Quill also served as a local councillor initially with Cork County Council from 1925 but served on both the County Council and Cork Corporation during the 1930s and 1940s. He also held positions on the executives of large agricultural organisations in later years.

Timothy Quill was born to Daniel and Mary Quill in Clondrohid, Macroom, County Cork, on 9 May 1901. He had five brothers. Initially living in Macroom, he moved to Cork City with his wife and young family, and in 1936 was living near Victoria Cross. Before his time in the co-operative movement, he was involved in the insurance business.

Quill was a regional trade union secretary for North-West Cork. Quill, along with TJ Murphy and Paddy Crowley MCC, have been credited with establishing "labourers' clubs" in County Cork during the 1920s and 1930s. The clubs would meet after Mass and some were supported by parish priests. The clubs began to go into decline in the 1940s as farm machinery became more commonplace.

Quill was elected a councillor on Cork County Council in 1925. It has been said that he was recruited into the party by Labour politician and fellow Clondrohid native T. J. Murphy. Quill was 26 years old at the time of the general election on 9 June 1927 and was one of 44 Labour candidates. While campaigning, Quill described himself as a "temperate man". At a meeting in North Cork, Quill outlined what he believed the Labour Party stood for. Referring to the level of unemployment, he spoke about the "right to work" and the government's perceived failing of "humbler people" over the "well-to-do class". Quill was elected as a Labour Party TD for the Cork North constituency receiving 18% of first preference votes. Slogans, such as 'Be Labour This Time' and 'Away With Slums & Mud Cabins' were featured on his election posters. He was the youngest member of the 5th Dail. He spoke against the Public Safety Bill 1927 in August 1927. During a finance committee debate on old age pensions in July 1927, he decried what he described as the "strict and harsh manner" of some pensions officers. Quill lost his seat at the September 1927 general election, serving only three months as a TD. He received 4,123 first preference votes. T. D. Keating of the ITGWU said that it was regrettable that Quill was not re-elected. The number of Labour candidates almost halved (from 44 to 28). Speaking on the heavy defeat for Labour in the September 1927 election, T. J. Murphy regretted that the party had lost candidates, like Quill, who he described as "young men of the ability and honesty of Mr. Quill, who had been defeated in North Cork by a mere handful of votes, after making a marvellous fight against a combination of influences".

Quill did not contest the 1932 general election, declining to stand at a convention in Millstreet, Cork. According to "The Southern Star", it was thought Quill would be the chosen candidate, but, according to the newspaper's columnist, had "to a certain extent, lost touch with the electors of this division and he declined to accept the honour". According to the "Cork Examiner" Quill declined the nomination and asked "that some other candidate […] be proposed". In a letter published in "The Southern Star" in June 1933, Quill labelled criticisms levelled against him and the Labour movement as 'ignorant'. As of 1936, he was Chairman of the Cork County Executive of the Labour Party. Quill contested the 1937 general election as a sitting city councillor on the Cork Corporation, as one of 23 Labour candidates, receiving 14.9% of first preference votes, but was not elected. He ran again in the 1938 general election, this time as one of 30 Labour candidates, receiving 4,950 first preference votes (12.6%), but was once again not elected. This was to be his last general election campaign, however he would remain as an elected city councillor on Cork Corporation.

According to "A Biographical Dictionary of Cork", by Tim Cadogan and Jeremiah Falvey, Quill served as a councillor on Cork County Council for two periods. As a Transport member, he was nominated and won a seat in 1925, retaining his seat in 1928 and lost the seat in 1934, before winning a seat again in 1942 and serving until 1945. He was elected to both the Cork County Council and the Cork Corporation that year. Quill was at one time Chair of the South Cork Board of Public Assistance. Quill also served as a city councillor with Cork Corporation. The City Councillor's 1920–1945 roll book seems to record that T Quill was elected in 1936. In 1939, he is listed as a member of the Labour Party's Cork Centre Branch. There was a local election in the city almost every year from 1929 to 1936 to elect portions of the city council and others in 1942 and 1945. Quill was a member of the South Cork Board of Public Health. He is still listed as a councillor in this book in 1944–1945. Quill served as Deputy Lord Mayor of Cork and on the Committee of Management of the South Infirmary.

In 1936, Quill said that “the Irish Labour Movement has its own road to travel and had no place for the cries of Fascism or Communism that plagued the world today.” 

During the 1940s, Quill became chair of the Liam Mellows Branch of the Labour Party. In this capacity he proved to be an enemy of Michael O'Riordan. The branch had been established by former members of the Curragh Camp's Communist Group. O'Riordan had retrospectively asserted that Quill was imposed as chair to ensure that Labour in Cork City could control the new branch. O'Riordan also stated that Quill had made an attack on what Quill "called 'the Jew boys' of Cork". It was during this time that the ITGWU had disaffiliated from the Labour Party and the National Labour Party was established on the basis that communists were infiltrating the party. A report in the "Irish Press" suggests that the Administrative Council "had become aware that certain persons in Cork were engaging in activities which appear to be inconsistent with their membership of the Labour Party and accordingly they appointed a subcommittee to investigate the membership and administration of the Liam Mellows Branch". O'Riordan's son, Manus, would later refer to Quill as an "anti-Semitic red-baiting villain" who was responsible for O'Riordan's expulsion.

During the 1920s, Quill established the City of Cork Co-operative Society with Con Desmond. This included social enterprises such as Cooperative Tea, Cooperative Cream and Cooperative Bread. He was also a member of the Cork Co-operators' Guild. He was also the editor of "The Cork Co-Operator", a monthly publication of the co-operative movement in Cork. In a letter to the editor, published on the cover of the June 1939 issue, Steve Denny (director of the London Co-operative Society) described "The Cork Co-Operator" as a "bright little paper". Quill frequently attended the Co-operative Congress in the UK throughout the 1930s and 1940s. Inspired by Robert Owen, he built cottages for the workers on his land. Quill regarded himself as a Christian Socialist. He resigned his position in the co-operative movement in 1954. These societies were defunct by the time of his death in 1960. In 2021, an article in "The Southern Star" described Quill as "an icon in the Irish co-operative movement".
He married Mary McCarthy on 7 January 1930.

In the 1940s, Quill lived at Ferney House in Blackrock, Cork, where he grew vegetables and kept livestock. His first trial of Holstein Friesian cattle took place here, and he owned what "The Southern Star" described as "one of the largest and most successful herds in the country". He was used as an example in an 1950s advertisement titled "Friesian T.T Herd Makes History", and served as the honorary secretary of the Irish Friesian Society. He served on the General Committee of the Munster Agricultural Society, wrote a farming column for "The Cork Examiner" and contributed to the "The Evening Echo" under the pen name Carrigeen.By the 1950s he had settled at a property near Blarney, left politics and was Chair of the Blarney National Farmer's Association. According to the "Irish Independent", Quill was the Chair of the Federation of Cow Testing Associations. He was also on the Committee of the Irish Landrace Pig Society.

He died on 10 June 1960, aged 59 and was buried in St. Finbarr's Cemetery. In an obituary published on 11 June 1960, the "Evening Echo" described him as an "authorative writer on agricultural matters". The Timothy Quill Perpetual Challenge Cup for the MAS (Munster Agricultural Society) Holstein Friesian Senior Cow Class at Cork Summer Show is named after him.


Benalup-Casas Viejas

Benalup-Casas Viejas is a municipality in the province of Cádiz, Spain. In 2018, 6,969 people lived here.

Windows Virtual PC

Windows Virtual PC is a virtual machine software program for Windows 7. It was released on September 19, 2009. 

Eurovision Asia Song Contest

The Eurovision Asia Song Contest is an upcoming singing contest. It is to be like the Eurovision Song Contest but it would be held in the Asia-Pacific part of the world. The idea was dropped for the Asian counter part of Eurovision, but recently things has been changed rapidly to bring back Eurovision to Asia again. The inaugural contest would be intended to be developed by the Australian broadcaster SBS and production partner Blink TV, in co-operation with the EBU. 

In the first contest would have had 10 countries (Australia, China, Japan, Kazakhstan, Maldives, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, South Korea and Vanuatu).



Romeo &amp; Juliet: Sealed with a Kiss

Romeo & Juliet: Sealed with a Kiss is a computer animated movie made by Indican Pictures. It stars the voices of Daniel Trippett, Patricia Trippett, Chip Albers, Sam Gold, Michael Toland, Stephen Goldberg, Phil Nibbelink and Chanelle Nibbelink.


Croix-Moligneaux

Croix-Moligneaux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Podenzana

Podenzana is a "comune" in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Tresana

Tresana is a "comune" in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Villafranca in Lunigiana

Villafranca in Lunigiana is a "comune" in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Zeri

Zeri is a "comune" in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Arcidosso

Arcidosso is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Campagnatico

Campagnatico is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Liceo Tommaso Gulli

The Liceo Tommaso Gulli is a prestigious high school located in Reggio Calabria, Italy. Founded in 1908 it was initially a women's boarding school preparing female students to become teachers and nurses. It has the title in honor of the military Tommaso Gulli.

Croixrault

Croixrault is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Curchy

Curchy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Damery, Somme

Damery is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Dancourt-Popincourt

Dancourt-Popincourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Yasuki Chiba

Yasuki Chiba (千葉泰樹, "Chiba Yasuki", June 24, 1910 - September 18, 1985) is a Japanese film director.

Chiba was born in the city of Changchun, Jilin Province during the late Qing Dynasty . After graduating from Kobe Commercial High School in 1928, he joined the Hanzuma Tachibana Universal Union Film as an assistant director. In 1929, Chiba would be latter transferred to the Kawai Movie Negamo Photo Studio and in 1930, directed his first film debut called "Aojiroki hitobito". In the early days, he directed many historical films, and after working for Fukoku Film Company and Taiwan Production, Chiba joined Nikkatsu. Around this time, Chiba began to work on many contemporary dramas, and then moved to Nanpo Movies to work on the problematic work "Renga jokô", which depicts the interaction between Japanese craftsmen living in slums and Koreans living in Japan.

This work was disapproved by censorship and also caused the dismantling of the Nanpo Movie (the movie was released in 1946 after the end of the war). During World War II, he worked with Daiei Tokyo Studios and became a freelance photographer in 1947, shooting his film ""Aru yoru no seppun"", which depicts the first kissing scene in the history of Japanese cinema. Next, he directed ""Invitation to Happiness"" and ""Ikiteiru Gazette"", starring Denjiro Okochi at Shintoho, and ""Nakinureta Ningyo"" starring Hibari Misora ​​at Matsutake Kyoto is also called a prototype of a salaryman comedy at Toei Tokyo. Established a position as a hit maker by succeeding the ""Salaryman Mejiro Sanpei"" series (a series work was also made by Toho) and the first work of the president series ""Hesokuri President"" at Toho.

Since 1956 , Chiba became an exclusive director at Toho for "Oban" series, which is a record of the market price of real stocks, ""Demon Fire"", "Shitamachi (downtown)" of the short series "Diamond Series", In addition, he will mass-produce hit works such as ""Honkon no yoru"" and ""Honolulu, Tokyo, Hong Kong"" starring Chinese superstar Lucilla You Min, which was created to produce Lee Kaoran after the war. In 1969, Chiba suffered from a heart attack while directing ""Mito Komon Manyuuki"" starring Hisaya Morishige, and retired as a movie director. He has supervised series such as the TV Seishun Gakuen series "What's The Youth" (produced by Toho Co., Ltd., broadcast by Nippon Television), which started in 1965. From this series, Takeshi 'Ken' Matsumori, Susumu Kodama, Susumu Takebayashi, Masahiro Takase, Mikio Komatsu and other disciples made their directorial debut.

Even after retiring as a director in 1969, he has supervised "Jump Out! Youth" and "We Are Youth!". Regarding the solid craftsmanship, producer Sanezumi Fujimoto of Toho, who has often appointed Chiba since the disappearance of the Nanpo movie, has a lot of trust, and Chiba after transferring to Toho is indispensable for Fujimoto's production work, became director after recovering his health. When Fujimoto compared Toho's film director to the batting order of the baseball team around 1964, Chiba was also listed as the number one batter in the 1st Army.

By the way, Mikio Naruse, Akira Kurosawa and Hiroshi Inagaki were assigned to the cleanup. It is also known that Chiba worked on a relentless serious drama that looks at the ugly parts of the real world, such as "Two Sons" and "Onibi", between the hit series that Toho made a company luck. In addition, "Meshi", which triggered the resurrection of Mikio Naruse, was originally supposed to be directed by Chiba, but it was directed by Naruse because Chiba got sick.


Kilis

Kilis is a city in southeastern Turkey. The city is in the Southeast Anatolia Region. In 2020, 118,725 people lived there. The city was badly damaged and many people died in the 2023 Turkey–Syria earthquake.

Ajka

Ajka is a city in Hungary, in Veszprém county. Its population is 31,407.

Ajka is located south of the Road 8, in the Transdanubian Mountains.

The Road 8 bypass Ajka in North what is connect Ajka with Devecser and Városlőd.

A minor road is also going through Ajka, what connects Ajka with Road 8 and with Road 77.

The city was already populated at the Stone Age. Around 1000 B.C., Celts settled down here, before the Romans invaded the territory. After that, the Magyars came here.

The town was borned because the 8 villages what was there submerged together.

The village didn't grow very well until the 19th century, when coal was found southeast of the territory. The Catholic church was build beetween 1933 and 1934. The oldest krypton-factory in the world were settled here, the building is still there. After that, bauxite was found too. Because of the ores were found, Ajka turned into one of Hungary's most important industrial city. In the 1970s, the city center got remaked, and several buildings, such as hotels and shopping centres got placed there. The city got a Joseph Hild reward in 1987. The End of socialism in Hungary hurt the industries a little bit, but it doesn't effect the city very well. Even the Great Recession or the Ajka alumina plant accident didn't do anything serious with the city.


Tallaght Stadium

Tallaght Stadium is a Football Stadium in Tallaght, Dublin.

Work began on the site of Tallaght Stadium in 1998, but it was paused in 2001. In 2005, Plans were made to continue the construction, and did so in 2008.

In 2009, The first match was played at the new Tallaght Stadium, featuring Cristiano Ronaldo.

Tallaght Stadium has over 10,000 seats, In 2018, a new stand was constructed on the North of the stadium. 

The stadium also has a range of features, like a shop and a blue box in between the east and north corners of Tallaght Stadium which shows the time and the score between teams.

In 2017, A neon event took place at the stadium.

Shochiku

The Shochiku Company, Limited (松竹株式会社, "Shōchiku Kabushiki gaisha") is a Japanese movie studio, cinema chain, and production company for kabuki. It also produces and distributes anime films.

The company was founded in 1895 as a kabuki production company and later began producing films in 1920. Shochiku is considered the oldest company in Japan involved in present-day film production, but Nikkatsu began earlier as a pure film studio in 1912. Founded by the brothers Takejirō Ōtani (大谷竹次郎) and Matsujirō Shirai (白井松次郎), it was named “Matsutake” in 1902 after the combined "kunyomi" reading of the "kanji" "take" (bamboo) and "matsu" (pine) from their names, reflecting the traditional three symbols of happiness: bamboo, pine, and plum. The "onyomi" reading of Shōchiku first appeared in 1920 with the founding of the film production subsidiary "Shōchiku Kinema Gōmei-sha".

Shochiku grew quickly in the early years, expanding its business to many other Japanese live theatrical styles, including "Noh" and "Bunraku", and established a near monopoly due to its ownership of theaters, as well as "kabuki" and "shimpa" drama troupes.

The company began making films in 1920, about a decade after its main rival Nikkatsu. The company sought to break away from the prevailing pattern of "jidai-geki" and to emulate Hollywood standards. It was the first film studio to abandon the use of female impersonators and brought new ideas, including the star system and the sound stage to Japan. It built its main studio at Kamata, between Tokyo and Yokohama, and hired Henry Kotani, a Japanese who had worked in Hollywood as an actor and cameraman to direct its first film, "Island Woman" ("Shima no Onna", 1920). It also hired the prominent theater director Kaoru Osanai to head a school at the studio, which produced the film "Souls on the Road" (1921), a film directed by Minoru Murata which is considered "the first landmark film in Japanese history".

However, Shochiku's early history was difficult, as audiences preferred the more action-packed "jidai-geki" historical swashbucklers over the shinpa melodramas, and its Kamata studios were destroyed by the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake, forcing a temporary relocation to Kyoto.

With the reopening of its Kamata studios, Shochiku also introduced the "shomin-geki" genre, with stories reflecting the lives of the lower-middle urban classes. These dramas proved immensely popular, and marked the start of the careers of many prominent directors (including Ozu, Naruse, and Hiroshi Shimizu) and actors (including Kinuyo Tanaka).

In 1931, Shochiku released the first “talkie” made in Japan: "The Neighbor's Wife and Mine" "(Madamu to nyōbō", 1930). Filming became increasing difficult at the Kamata studios during the 1930s with the rapid industrialization of the surrounding area with munitions factories and metal foundries, and Shochiku decided to close the studio and relocate to Ofuna, near Kamakura in 1936. The following year, Shochiku Kinema was merged with its parent company, Shochiku Entertainment, and adopted the new name of Shochiku Corporation.

During the World War II, Shochiku's President, Shiro Kido, helped establish the Dai Nippon Eiga Kyokai (Greater Japan Film Association), whose purpose was to coordinate the industry's efforts with Japanese government policy. From the mid-1930s until 1945, the films produced by Shochiku and other Japanese movie companies were propagandistic. After the surrender of Japan, Kido and Shochiku's co-founder Otani were arrested and charged with Class-A war crimes by the Allied occupation authorities.

In 1953, after the end of the occupation, Kido returned to Shochiku and revived the melodramatic style of films which had been a Shochiku trademark in the pre-war era. Directors associated with Shochiku in this era included Ozu, Keisuke Kinoshita, and Noboru Nakamura. Many of the films during the 1950s were aimed primarily at female audiences. In particular, Hideo Oba's three-part "What is Your Name?" ("Kimi no na wa?") in 1953 was the most commercially successful film of the period. Ozu's "Tokyo Story", made in 1953, later earned considerable accolades, being selected in the 2012 Sight & Sound international critics poll as the third best film of all time.

By the start of the 1960s, Shochiku's films were criticized as “old-fashioned” with the popularity of rival Nikkatsu’s "Taiyo-zoku" youth-orientated movies. The studio responded by launching the Japanese New Wave ("Nuberu bagu") which also launched the career of Nagisa Oshima among others, though Oshima soon went independent; the films of Oshima and other film makers were not financially successful and the company changed its policies.

However, the growing threat from television led to the bankruptcy of Shochiku’s competitors, Shintoho in 1961 and Daiei in 1971, whereas Nikkatsu and Toei turned to movies and soft pornography to maintain attendance. Shochiku continued to maintain its family-orientated audience largely due to the phenomenal success of the "Otoko wa Tsurai yo" series directed by Yoji Yamada from 1969 through 1997. However, with the death of its star Kiyoshi Atsumi, the series came to an end, and the company faced increasing financial difficulties.

The Ofuna studio was briefly transformed into a theme park, Kamakura Cinema World, but this was closed in 1998 and the site was sold off in 2000 to Kamakura Women's College. Since that time, Shochiku has relied on its film studio and backlot in Kyoto. Yamada’s “The Twilight Samurai” ("Tasogare Seibei", 2002) was nominated for an Oscar as Best Foreign Language Picture.

Shintoho

Shintoho Company, Limited ( l"New Toho Co., Ltd.") was a short-lived Japanese film studio. It was founded by defectors from Toho in 1947 and was financed by Daiei. In 1961, Shintoho declared bankruptcy and a successor was founded the same year, named Shintoho Eiga, which went on to specialize in pink films.

Shintoho is considered to be one of the 6 major film studios active during the 1950s' "Golden Age of Japanese Cinema", which also included Toho, Daiei, Nikkatsu, Shochiku, and Toei.

Founded in 1947 as an offshoot of Toho after the major company had become struck with labor turmoil, Shintoho began its short existence producing such films as "", which was later distributed by Toho, and "". However, the company found itself to be outflanked by other much larger studios and appointed Mitsugu Okura as its new top executive in 1955 to guide the company toward better things. Under the guidance of Okura, Shintoho began producing such works as the critically acclaimed , , a slew of pink films, and a number of films centered around the supernatural among a handful of others.

In May of 1961, Shintoho declared bankruptcy and two new companies were formed to take its place. Mitsugu Okura, Shintoho's former president, created the studio after purchasing Shintoho's production facilities in Tokyo. At this time Koichi Goto, a former Shintoho employee, purchased the rights to the Shintoho name and 3 years later established Shintoho Entertainment. In 1972, this new company relocated from Osaka to Tokyo and absorbed another piece of the original Shintoho, as well as receiving a new name: "Shintoho Eiga". Shintoho Eiga also later went on to distribute a number of Shintoho's films and former director for Shintoho, Kiyoshi Komori, began directing pink films for Shintoho Eiga in 1964 until his retirement in the 1970s.

Dialectical materialism

Dialectical materialism is a philosophy of science, history, and nature. It was developed in Europe and is based on the writings of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels. Marxist dialectics say that real-world conditions such as class, labor, and socioeconomic interactions are important. This is a contrast to Hegelian dialectic, which says that contradictions in material phenomena can be resolved by analyzing them and finding a solution. Marx thought that the most effective solution to the problems caused by such contradictory phenomena was to address and rearrange the systems of social organization at the root of the problems.

Dialectical materialism accepts that the natural world changes. New qualities of being will come to light with each change. As Z. A. Jordan noted, "Engels made constant use of the metaphysical insight that the higher level of existence emerges from and has its roots in the lower; that the higher level constitutes a new order of being with its irreducible laws; and that this process of evolutionary advance is governed by laws of development which reflect basic properties of 'matter in motion as a whole'."

The formulation of the Soviet version of dialectical and historical materialism in the 1930s by Joseph Stalin and his associates (such as in Stalin's book "Dialectical and Historical Materialism") became the official Soviet interpretation of Marxism.

Sophie Reynolds

Sophie Reynolds (born April 2, 1999) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Ashley Parker in "Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything" and Isabel McKenna on "L.A.'s Finest".

Reynolds grew up in Vancouver, Washington, a suburb of Portland, Oregon. She has an older brother. The family moved to Los Angeles when she was 15.

Reynolds started dancing at the age of three. She trained in ballet, jazz, contemporary, hip hop and tap dance. At the suggestion of her dance teachers, Sophie tried acting to expand her palate, eventually falling in love with the craft.

She gained prominence through her role as Ashley Parker in the Disney XD series "Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything". In 2015 she starred in "", an adaptation of a book by R.L. Stine. In 2017 she joined the cast of Anna Akana's YouTube Red series "Youth & Consequences". In 2019 she played the character of Isabel McKenna in the show "L.A.'s Finest".

Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything

Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything is an American comedy television series created by Devin Bunje and Nick Stanton that aired on Disney XD from July 22, 2015 to January 2, 2017. The series stars Cameron Boyce, Murray Wyatt Rundus, Felix Avitia, and Sophie Reynolds.

Conor is a professional video game player who goes by the name of Kid Fury. When he breaks his thumb during the singles final round of the World Gaming Pro Championship, his sponsors withdraw every free item that he was given upon cutting all ties with him, and he starts school again. Upon befriending Wendell, Franklin, and Ashley, Conor plans to enlist their help for the teams part of the upcoming World Gaming Pro Championship.



On October 14, 2015, it was announced that production on the first season had been finished. On November 20, 2015, Disney XD renewed the series for a second season. On January 5, 2017, series co-creator and executive producer Devin Bunje and various members of the cast announced on social media that the series had been canceled.

In Canada, the series premiered on Disney Channel September 5, 2015, and moved to Disney XD on December 1, 2015.

Daours

Daours is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Davenescourt

Davenescourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

San Francisco de Borja Municipality

San Francisco de Borja is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is San Francisco de Borja. The municipality covers an area of 1,124.7 km².

In 2010, the municipality had a total population of 2,290.

Démuin

Démuin is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Devise, Somme

Devise is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saint-Sauveur, Somme

Saint-Sauveur is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Roundup (herbicide)

Roundup is the brand name for a systemic and broad-spectrum glyphosate based herbicide. It is produced under the Bayer company. It was previously produced under Monsanto. Bayer, in 2018, took over Monsanto. Roundup was first developed and patented during the 1970s. It was first marketed to consumers in 1973.

As of 2009, sales for Roundup herbicides were still about 10% of Monsanto's revenue. However, Chinese makers of similar herbicides competed with Roundup. The product is marketed to consumers under the Scotts Miracle-Gro Company.

There is limited evidence saying human cancer risk could increase due to exposure to large amounts of glyphosate. There is almost no good evidence for such a risk though.

Metropolitan Waterworks Museum

The Waterworks Museum is a museum in the Chestnut Hill Waterworks building.

It used to be a pumping station of the Boston Metropolitan Waterworks and it pumped up to a hundred million gallons of water each day.

KFConsole

The KFConsole ( ) is a home video game console developed by KFC Gaming and Cooler Master. It was thought to be fake when it was first announced in June 2020 until it was shown on December 22, 2020.nonexistent

The console's shape is a black cylinder that looks like a KFC Bargain Bucket. There is a backlit red power button on the front below the Chicken Chamber, which has the red KFConsole logo on it. The Chicken Chamber slides open, and can store food, heating it using heat and air from the console.

The KFConsole uses a Intel NUC 9 Extreme Compute Element. Nvidia ray tracing, 4K resolution, 240 Hz (240 frames per second) output and virtual reality can be used. The graphics hardware is made by Asus, and is the only hardware with a GPU slot that allows the GPU to be changed while the console is on. KFC says this will make the console "the most powerful console for generations to come."

Lagoa Santa tree frog

The Lagoa Santa tree frog ("Dendropsophus rubicundulus") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Bolivia, and Paraguay.

The adult male frog is 18 to 23 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 21 to 25 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog has a dark green or dark brown pattern on its skin. It has discs on its toes for climbing. The disks are reddish in color.

This frog lives in places with few trees. It lives near temporary or permanent bodies of water, such as ponds and rice fields. The tadpoles live on the bottom of the body of water.

Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye

Charny-Orée-de-Puisaye is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Yonne department in central France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Charny (the seat), Chambeugle, Chêne-Arnoult, Chevillon, Dicy, Fontenouilles, Grandchamp, Malicorne, Marchais-Beton, Perreux, Prunoy, Saint-Denis-sur-Ouanne, Saint-Martin-sur-Ouanne and Villefranche.


Shawn Fanning

Shawn Fanning (born November 22, 1980) is a computer programmer, entrepreneur, and angel investor.
Fanning released a preliminary beta program of Napster and soon, hundreds of college students at Northeastern were trading music. Fanning was named to the MIT Technology Review TR100 as one of the top 100 innovators in the world under the age of 35. He opened a new company, Snocap, along with Jordan Mendelson (Napster's Chief Architect), and Ron Conway. 

In late 2007, Snocap laid off 60% of its workforce. The ValleyWag wrote an article that Fanning had long left Snocap and began to collaborate with another venture, Rupture. The ValleyWag article stated that the failure was largely due to Snocap's CEO Rusty Rueff and that of former VP Engineering Dave Rowley. 

Domart-en-Ponthieu

Domart-en-Ponthieu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Guyencourt-sur-Noye

Guyencourt-sur-Noye is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Domesmont

Domesmont is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ramburelles

Ramburelles is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Moonstruck

Moonstruck is a 1987 American romantic comedy movie directed by Norman Jewison and starring Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicolas Cage, Danny Aiello, John Mahoney, Louis Guss, Julie Bovasso, Anita Gillette. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 6 Oscars and won 3 Academy Awards in 1988.

Grouches-Luchuel

Grouches-Luchuel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Belgentier

Belgentier is a commune of 2,428 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Gassin

Gassin is a commune of 2,586 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Dominois

Dominois is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Phalène

The Phalène, (""moth-eared"") is a small toy spaniel type of dog breed. It is a drop eared variety of it's close relation, the Papillon. Both types can be born in the same litter. In the United States both Phalènes and Papillons are treated as the same breed.

The dog is a very old breed, It has been reported in Belgium, France and Italy in the 16th century where it was a popular companion dog of the upper classes.

The Phalène has a long, silky coat and will be mostly white with brown, red, silver, black or black and tan markings.

These dogs are usually easy to train but can be wary of strangers. Like most spaniels they need some daily exercise to keep them happy.

Merzig

Merzig (, , Moselle Franconian: "Meerzisch"/"Miërzësch") is a town and capital of Merzig-Wadern, a district "(Kreis)" in Saarland.


Wadern

Wadern is a municipality in Merzig-Wadern, a district "(Kreis)" in Saarland.


Sarafina! (movie)

Sarafina! is a 1992 South African British American French musical movie directed by Darrell Roodt and was based on the 1987 musical of the same name. It stars Whoopi Goldberg, Mary Twala, Leleti Khumalo, Miriam Makeba, John Kani and was distributed by Hollywood Pictures.

DZMZ

89 DMZ Danze Muzic Zone (formerly under DZMZ 89.1 MHz Metro Manila) was a music FM station from November 18, 1989 until February 28, 2001. It was owned and operated by Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation in the Philippines.

Houma Hunter Lime: Special Collection Vol. 1

Houma Hunter Lime: Special Collection Vol. 1 is an Action game, developed by Copya Systems and published by Asmik Ace Entertainment, Inc, which was released in Japan in 1994.

Once upon a month, a door behind the full moon opens. This door is between the human world and magical world. Now it just so happens that on one such night, Lime and Bass are in hot pursuit of a demon who had stolen six power gems from the magical world. The demon escapes to the human world through the open door, and the two follow.

The PlayStation game is a first person perspective adventure game. To advance in the game the player sometimes have to talk to the other members of his group, other people or make another action.

Manufacturer's description:

Houma Hunter became popular animated adventure that also have a lively girl of Darkness lime. A berth partner, and lime character, like the human world by step article on a piece of magic came to a mighty magic happen we lost sparking uproar in the Darkness, kill a monster attack Komikarusutori Cosplay four good stories enjoy.

Features:


Space Debris (video game)

Space Debris on PlayStation is a three-dimensional action game released in 2000, in which we play as a pilot of a space fighter and participate in dangerous missions.

This third-person perspective space shooter casts the player as UED pilot James Bryant, the brash young adventurer who is humanity's last hope. Gameplay takes place across 10 levels with 6 different attack ships to pilot. The majority of the levels are linear with a few alternate paths. There are, however, numerous free-roaming levels which give the navigation controls over to the player. Five different power-ups enhance weapon capabilities while medals are awarded based on level performace.

Space is no longer the final frontier. Suddenly Earth is only a short space-warp away from the most hostile aliens in the galaxy. The United Earth Defences are overwhelmed, but one pilot, James Bryant, remains trapped behind enemy lines, facing the might of an unknown alien fleet.

With ten levels of combat, which develop in both linear and non-linear ways, the way ahead is edgily unpredictable. Motherships come out of nowhere, missiles bounce off their targets, and however much you pitch and roll your craft to escape, the pressure never lets up. The graphics are epic in scale, with planet-based combat sequences and massive enemy ships that threaten to crush your screen.

This third-person perspective space shooter casts the player as UED pilot James Bryant, the brash young adventurer who is humanity's last hope.

The majority of the levels are linear with a few alternate paths. There are, however, numerous free-roaming levels which give the navigation controls over to the player. Five different power-ups enhance weapon capabilities while medals are awarded based on level performace.

Sweep up Space Debris and pop it in your PlayStation - much the best place to keep it. Gives the galaxy that nice tidy look.

Features:

Ten levels of intense combat

Non-linear level design

Incredible graphics and sound

Space and planet based action.

 Manufacturer's description:

Space Debris is the Playstation's answer to Nintendo's highly acclaimed and successful space adventure Starfox. Combining some of the most impressive 3-D graphics yet seen on the PlayStation format, experienced developer Rage Software have crafted an impressive, highly addictive and frenetic action shooter.

 Features:


Beckingen

Beckingen (Saarlandic dialect: "Beckinge") is a municipality in Merzig-Wadern, a district "(Kreis)" in Saarland.

Totally Spies! Totally Party

Totally Spies! Totally Party is a video game based on the French-Canadian-American anime-influenced animated television series Totally Spies!.

Sam, Alex and Clover decide to room together in their "dream house." Life couldn't get cooler, until they've unwittingly made their home right above an Underground Secret Services Center. To prevent a catastrophic security leak, Jerry, the Center Chief has no choice but to take on them as special agents.

Unlike traditional party video games, the ten stages in this game are boss battle stages, each having a villain (the tenth chapter has 2) the spies previously fought in the series, the objective of which is to deplete that villain's life gauge by winning mini-games and laying traps on mini-game spaces. Each villain has a special skill specific to that stage as explained below.

Special Skill: None. This chapter acts as a tutorial.

Special Skill: Danny recovers 1 life point when he passes his starting space.

Special Skill: There is a chance that gadgets that are picked up are booby-trapped, causing damage to players.

Special Skill: Once Max's life gauge is reduced to 1 life point, he can only be defeated by a level 4 spy trap.

Special Skill: Myrna lays level 2 boss traps.

Special Skill: Marco lays invisible traps.

Special Skill: Mandy can avoid spy traps, if she gets an exact roll. This skill can only be deactivated by the Hologram Projecting Mood Ring, but only on spy traps laid up to the point of that gadget's use.

Special Skill: Terence can turn a spy trap (particularly the ones with the highest damage level) into a boss trap when he passes his starting space.

Special Skill: Pommy can lay zone traps on mini-game spaces adjacent to the mini-game space she lands on.

Special Skill: Shirley takes damage as normal, but once she is defeated and swaps with Yin Yang, damage done to him after that is reduced by 1 (level 2 traps do the damage of level 1 traps, level 3 does level 2, and so on).


Itadaki Street: Gorgeous King

Itadaki Street: Gorgeous King is a Miscellaneous game, developed by Tomcat System and published by Enix Corporation, which was released in Japan in 1998.

The games are similar to Monopoly: players roll one die to advance around a board, purchase unowned property they land on and earn money when opponents land on the player's property, and draw cards when they land on certain spaces. The games' also differ from Monopoly in that players can buy and sell stocks of a block, affecting the value of block's stock by buying or selling that block's stock or by developing a player owned property of that block which increases the value per share of stock for that block.

It is not necessary to own the entire block to develop a property, though controlling more than one property of a block allows the player to develop their properties to larger buildings and collect more from opponents. Players must collect a set of four suits to level up and collect additional gold when the pass the starting position/bank. In most versions, up to four players can compete to win each board. To win a player must make it back to the bank with the board's required amount, which includes the total value of the player's stocks, property value, and gold on hand.

After Enix bought the license of the Itadaki SS games for NES & SNES this one was the first (and the only) release of the saga for PlayStation.

Itadaki Street is a computer board game series originally created by Dragon Quest designer Yuji Horii. The first game was released in Japan on Nintendo's Famicom in 1991. Since then, sequels have been released for the Super Famicom and Sony's PlayStation, PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, and the Nintendo DS. They are all exclusive to Japan.

Itadaki Street: Gorgeous King was released on the PlayStation in 1998. It was published by Enix. As of December 2004, the game has sold over 281,000 copies.

 Manufacturer's description:

Itadaki Street board game that we have been very popular home is a gorgeous! Leave traditional fun of a variety of upgrade points! Recorded a total of 22 maps, new modes "Parcheesi Town" also doubles the fun element! Maneuvering, cornering the market, make money! Dice 1 Ri Gare in one program!

 Features:


Nekketsu Oyako

Nekketsu Oyako (熱血親子) is a Beat 'em up video game developed and published by TechnoSoft released on December 3, 1994 for the Sony PlayStation. In Sega Saturn version It was developed by TechnoSoft published by Sega released on July 21, 1995 for the Sega Saturn. In PlayStation Network was released on September 27, 2017 with console.

Nekketsu Oyako (roughly translated as Thermal blooded parent and child) is a side scrolling beat 'em up like Final Fight that was one of the original launch titles for the PlayStation in Japan back in December 1994. It was later ported to the Sega Saturn several months later with a few minor changes.

The game was basically a technical demo to show how the PlayStation could handle an arcade style 2D game filled with many on-screen sprites and some 3D sprite scaling. It was never released outside of Japan, and is considered to be on the rare side for both consoles, as the game was never reprinted.

In the not to distant future, a conglomerate known as the Big Black Corporation is up to no good, and the Hibino family venture on a journey to the Big Black Tower to rescue Rando's wife, who has been kidnappned by Mr. Herograw (the head of the company, and the main villan).

DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE PLAYSTATION & SATURN VERSIONS:

- The Sega Saturn version does not use translucent textures for see-through effects. Instead, you see a cross hatch pattern effect that looks somewhat grainy, but does the job.

- In the PlayStation version, it is possible to gain more health than 100%. This appears to have been removed in the Saturn game, altering the difficulty to a degree.

- The loading times are slightly longer on the Saturn, causing a 'Now Loading' screen between scenery. However, the difference in time is only a few seconds more.

- The soundtrack on the Sega Saturn version is slightly remixed and sounds like it was remastered on a Midi synthesizer, and it can be played back by putting the disc in an Audio CD player. The original PlayStation version appears to be played through the PlayStation's internal audio mixer, and the music does not restart when the game is paused, as is the case on the Saturn.

- Rando's burning montage on the Sega Saturn intro shows a different diffusion effect.

- The 3D Technosoft logo screen appears to move slightly sluggish on the Saturn port.

- The enemy VanDamme is bald on the Saturn version.

- In the first act of Stage 2, the Saturn version has an added scrolling layer that obscures part of the playfield view.

- The World Start screen shows a zoomed in view of the playfield on the Saturn, as opposed to a portrait of the playfield on a coloured chessboard.

- As expected, The bonus item PlayStation console is replaced by a Sega Saturn in the Saturn port.

Manufacturer's description:

To help the mother of kidnapped scientists, and daughter Rio Ran Tong Sun Nonoiti Father belt scrolling fighting action to challenge the evil organization Team Gloucester Harare by three research assistants mother. Attack patterns provide a rich and brilliant and exciting technology dozen characters each. Experience the action and directing the entire screen with flashy graphics and brilliant.

Features:


Plunder Road

Plunder Road is a 1957 American crime movie directed by Hubert Cornfield and starring Gene Raymond, Jeanne Cooper, Wayne Morris, Elisha Cook Jr., Stafford Repp, Steven Ritch, Nora Hayden, Helene Heigh. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Doraemon: Nobita to Fukkatsu no Hoshi

Doraemon: Nobita to Fukkatsu no Hoshi is an Action game based on the "Doraemon" series. Developed by SAS Sakata and published by Epoch, the game was released on the PlayStation and Sega Saturn in Japan. The PlayStation version was released on February 16, 1996, followed by a reprint on December 3, 1998. The Sega Saturn version was released on March 15, 1996.

"Doraemon: Nobita to Fukkatsu no Hoshi" is a platformer with action game elements.


The Man with Two Brains

The Man with Two Brains is a 1983 American science fiction black comedy movie directed by Carl Reiner and starring Steve Martin, Kathleen Turner, David Warner, Paul Benedict, George Furth, Peter Hobbs, Earl Boen. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Securities fraud

Securities fraud, also known as investment fraud or stock fraud, refers to when a deceptive practice in a stock market or commodity market is committed. The deceptive practice leads investors to make purchasing or sale decisions under false information. That usually means losses in violation of securities laws.

Examples of securities fraud include insider trading, the Ponzi scheme, Internet fraud and corporate fraud.

Any investor can become a victim. However, it usually happens to those age fifty or older. It not only happens to investors, it happens to creditors, employees and taxing authorities.

Diet in diabetes

Diet in diabetes refers to eating patterns by those with diabetes mellitus. For overweight or obese people who have diabetes or prediabetes, the most important aspect with a diet is it means the loss of the diabetic's body fat. Losing body fat is proven to improve blood sugar control and lower the insulin levels.

People with diabetes can eat almost anything they want in moderation. However, a diet with some carbohydrates is best. Diabetics should avoid or limit soft drinks and juices. For people who use insulin (all type 1 and some type 2), eating a right amount of carbohydrate makes managing blood sugar easier.

The most recommended diet for diabetics by dietitians is one which is high in fiber, low in sugar, low in saturated fat and has "no" trans fat. The American Diabetes Association, however, recommends against eating more fiber than needed. That's because this may case digestive problems, like diarrhea, flatulence and bloating.

TwinBee Taisen Puzzle-Dama

TwinBee Taisen Puzzle-Dama (ツインビー対戦ぱずるだま) is a video game developed and published by Konami for the PlayStation gaming console in December 9, 1994 in Japan. It is the third installment in the "Taisen Puzzle-Dama" series of puzzle video games; however, since it is set in the "TwinBee" universe, including its characters and aesthetic elements, it could be considered the eighth iteration of that video game series.

...it's a dream bell that will fulfill any wish...

One day, telepathy from space was sent to the TwinBees on Donburi Island.

"I'm Princess Melora, now 'Super Bell' is approaching Donburi Island..." The thing that came to fulfill people's wishes only once every 300 years was "Super Bell". The TwinBees who received the telepathy of Princess Melora kept their wishes in their hearts and aimed for "Super Bell". However, only one wish can be fulfilled.

Twinbee, Winbee, Wright, Pastel, Madoka, Apple Sensei, and even Dr. Warumon participated in the "Puzzle Game" to decide the wishes to be fulfilled by the "Super Bell"...!

A sequel titled "TwinBee Puzzle Adventures" was planned to be released in 1995 for the Sega Saturn, and in 1999 for the Dreamcast, but was canceled.




Twin Goddesses

Twin Goddesses is a 2D high-fantasy fighting game developed and published by PolyGram for the Sony PlayStation exclusively in Japan on December 22, 1994.

The first fighting game released for the PS1, Twin Goddesses features a mix of digitized actors (for the main characters) and hand-drawn anime-style art (for the backgrounds and other fighters). It also features an RPG-style item system, where players can buy special items pre-match using gold.

The game's plot is set in the fantasy world of LOVERADIANT, where the evil witch Carmilla and her five henchmen has taken over the castle of the King, bringing the whole land into darkness. It's up to the slain King's two twin daughters (Nina and Syllin) to put an end to Carmilla's reign.

The game includes eight total characters, all of whom are playable in VS Battle mode. Most characters are rendered as hand-drawn anime-style art, while the main characters (protagonists Nina and Syllin and antagonist Carmilla) are digitized actors.


The planet of peace Loveradiant is a great distant from earth. No boundaries exist in this small united kindom. It's king, King Loveradiant III, reigns over his kindom in quiet tranquility from his beautiful castle that is surrounded by rich trees and lakes. He loves his country and all its people and they in turn workship their king.

King Loveradiant III has twin daughters, the eider Nina is very affectionate and the younger Syllin is a woman of great spirit. Their mother, queen Joanna, died suddenly after giving birth to her twin daughters. The king had always tried to compensate for this loss and had given his daughters an abundance of love.

One day the happiness in the kingdom is shaken when six eerie lights suddenly appear and attack the Loveradiant castle. They are the wicked lights which emanate from the evil witch Carmilla and her entourage of five man. Their aim is to forever take peace away from the land of Loveradiant.

Carmilla strikes down king Loveradiant III and her venomous energy instantly enguls the whole land in darkness. The castle is now under her power. She designates one man to guard each of five floors and settlers herself on the sixth floor, the highest in the castle. She enjoys looking down on the people and watching as their characters change to reflect hatred and jealousy.

The almighty god Zeus watched this entire incident from on hights. He reacts by bestowing the powers of Love and Courage to the two grieving princesses with which they set out to conquer the evil witch Carmila.

"You are the only ones that can save Loveradiant" he tells them. "Arm yourselves with Love and Courage and defeat Carmila. Go on Nina! Syllin!"

Features:

Europe Racing

Europe Racing (the PlayStation version is known as Europe Racer) is a Racing game, developed by Davilex and published by Koch Media, which was released in Europe in 2001. In the game someone has chosen you to race in the ‘Europe Racer’, the ‘Most Challenging Motor Vehicle competition known to man’, and it’s then up to you to take part in the races in 15 tracks throughout Europe.

The game takes you across about ten different countries including Stockholm, Paris and Athens. Such landmarks include Red Square and the Eiffel tower. Teams from Europe, Russia, Japan and the USA compete in this illegal street race, always trying to hide from the police.

Manufacturer's description:

Spectacular racing through Europe's major cities!

The worlds top racers are revving their engines, tuning their vehicles and getting ready to burn some rubber. The most prestigious illegal European road race organisation is hosting a cannonball run through the major cities of Europe. Various different racing clubs from Europe, Russia, Japan and the United States will take part.

These nations will all be competing to win this major event and to lay claim to the racing title of Europe. This will be the ultimate heart stopping, action packed race and you have been invited to compete. To represent your country and to bring that title home. All you have to do is finish first..and avoid the police who will be hot on your tail all the way..

Features:


Conquest of the Planet of the Apes

Conquest of the Planet of the Apes is 1972 American science fiction movie directed by J. Lee Thompson and is the fourth movie in the original "Planet of the Apes" series. It stars Roddy McDowall, Don Murray, Ricardo Montalban, Natalie Trundy, Hari Rhodes, Lou Wagner, Severn Darden and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


AIV: Evolution

AIV: Evolution, or A-Train IV (Japanese as A-Ressha de Ikou 4), (Europe as Evolution Global) and (North American as A-Train) is a Strategy game, developed and published by Artdink, which was released in Japan in 1994 and 1995.

In North America published by Maxis, released in 1996. In Europe published by SCEE, released in 1996. It was launch title in Japan on "AIV Evolution: A-Ressha de Ikou 4" in PlayStation.

"A.IV. Evolution" is an updated console-only port of Take the A-Train IV, the fourth main entry in Artdink's long-running railroad management simulation series. It is largely a straight port of the original PC title, but the interface and graphics have been redesigned for the console format.

A sequel, "A.IV Evolution Global", was released in Japan on November 22, 1995.


Moorhuhn X

Moorhuhn X (the PlayStation 2 version is known as Crazy Chicken X) is an Action game, developed by "Sproing" and published by "Phenomedia", which was released in Europe in 2005 with PlayStation, PlayStation 2 and Mobile. It was the last game to be released for the PlayStation before the system’s discontinuation in Worldwide on March 23, 2006.

"Moorhuhn X" is a first-person shooter with Action game elements.

https://www.gamecopyworld.com/games/pc_moorhuhn_x.shtml

https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1542706/

https://www.speedrun.com/moorhuhn_kart_2/Moorhuhn_X 

https://www.exophase.com/game/moorhuhn-x-retro/achievements/

N. V. Ramana

Nuthalapati Venkata Ramana (]; born 27 August 1957) is an Indian judge who served as the 48th Chief Justice of India from 24 April 2021 to 26 August 2022. 

Previously, he was a Judge of Supreme Court of India, Chief Justice of Delhi High Court and the acting Chief Justice of Andhra Pradesh High Court. He has also served as the president of the Andhra Pradesh Judicial Academy. 

State Emblem of India

The State Emblem of India is the national emblem of India. The emblem is taken from the Lion Capital of Ashoka, a statue from 250 BCE. The statue consists of four Asiatic lions back to back, with the two-dimensional emblem showing three lions.

An emblem based upon the Lion Capital of Ashoka was first adopted as the emblem of the Dominion of India in December 1947. The current version of the emblem was officially adopted on 26 January 1950, the day India became a republic.

Virbhadra Singh

Virbhadra Singh (23 June 1934 – 8 July 2021) was an Indian politician. He was the longest-serving and 4th Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh. He was the Chief Minister from 2012 to 2017 before being replaced by BJP's Jai Ram Thakur in December 2017. He also was Chief Minister from 1983 to 1990, from 1993 to 1998 and from 2003 to 2007. He was an elected member of the Lok Sabha in 1962, 1967, 1971, 1980 and in 2009. He was a member of the Indian National Congress. 

Virbhadra Singh was born on 23 June 1934 at Sarahan, Shimla district. He was born to a the royal family of the princely state of Bushahr.

Singh studied at Colonel Brown Cambridge School, Dehradun, St. Edward's School, Shimla and Bishop Cotton School, Shimla. He later got a BA Honours degree from St. Stephen's College, Delhi.

He married Ratna Kumari in May 1954. The couple's daughter Abhilasha Kumari is a former judge.

In 1986, he was married for the second time, to Pratibha Singh. His second wife was elected to Lok Sabha in 2004. 

Sign was hospitalized in June 2021 in Shimla, Himachal Pradesh with COVID-19. He died from the infection on 8 July 2021, aged 87.

Sean Parker

Sean Parker (born December 3, 1979) is an American entrepreneur, internet programmer and philanthropist. He is the co-founder of the file-sharing computer service Napster, and serving as the first president of the social networking website Facebook. He also co-founded Plaxo, Causes, Airtime.com, and Brigade, an online platform for civic engagement. 

Parker was born in Herndon, Virginia, United States. When Parker was seven, his father taught him how to program on an Atari 800. Parker's father, who put his family before his entrepreneurial dreams, told Parker ""if you are going to take risks, take them early before you have a family"." At his teenager, Parker's hobbies were hacking and programming. One night, while hacking into the network of a Fortune 500 company, Parker was unable to log out after his father confiscated his computer keyboard. Because his IP address was exposed, F.B.I. agents tracked down the 16-year-old. Since Parker was under 18, he was sentenced to community service, and this make him to feel he will someone in future.

Rampur, Himachal Pradesh

Rampur Bushahr is a town and a municipal council in Shimla district in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh. It is about 130 km from Shimla and is well connected with NH 5 which passes through Theog, Narkanda and Kumarsain.

The principality of Bushahr (also known as Bashahar, Bushahar, Bashahr) was once among the largest of the twenty-eight Shimla Hill States under the administration of the British Raj keen to invest on regional and transcontinental trade and exploit Himalayan resources. Caught in one of the British imperial enterprise, it was subjected to political-cum-economic vicissitudes, acceding to the Indian Union in 1947. On 8 March 1948, along with twenty other princely hill States of Punjab and Shimla, Bashahr signed an agreement which resulted in its inclusion in the Indian State of Himachal Pradesh.

Rampur, a small township situated at 1,005 meters on the left bank of the Sutlej, served as Bushahar's winter capital. Being well connected with major trading routes that joined Indian markets with Central Asia and Tibet, it buzzed with mercantile activity, especially in November during the Lavi fair, the largest trading event in the north Himalayas attracting traders from Kashmir, Ladakh, Yarkand, and the Indian mainland. Concerning the origins of the Rampuri fair, the Census of India (1961) reports:

""About three hundred years ago during the regime of Raja Kehar Singh of Bushahr, a trade treaty was signed between the Bushahr State and Tibet…Horses from Tibet and swords from Bushahr were exchanged in token of this friendship. It was written in the treaty that their friendly relations would continue till this time…Since then, it is presumed that trade relations increased and eventually [the] Lavi fair was held.""

Rampur was also located along pilgrimage routes to sacred sites in western Tibet shared by Hindus, Bön and Buddhists alike, i.e., Mount Kailash and Lake Mansarovar. Missionary and pilgrimage activities, intensified by trading possibilities, created the conditions for Tibetan Buddhism to take a firm stronghold in these borderland regions. Twenty-two kilometres from the village of Namgya in upper Kinnaur, laid the Shipki pass which linked caravan routes to and from western Tibet. This treacherous transcontinental passage must have been in use from ancient times, for among the ruined castles reported by Francke at Shipki village, there were no living memories of the origins of mKar gog, the oldest of them built above the village in cyclopean style. Rampur also has Hydro Power Stations namely, Nathpa Jhakri Power Station (1500 MW) and Rampur Hydro Power Station (412 MW) by SJVN Ltd. A second castle, known as Seng ge mkhar, is said to have received its crooked ground plan “through a race round its base executed in opposite directions by a poisonous snake and a scorpion,” and was built, in all probability, during the Ladakhi occupation of mNga’ ris by orders of King Seng ge rnam rgyal (1570–1642) and called after him. 

Rampur is located at . It has an average elevation of 1021 metres (4429 feet). It is a very beautiful place situated at the bank of the Satluj river. It borders on the north with Spiti, on the west with Kumarsain and Anni, on the east with Kinnaur and on the south with Rohru. The city is nearby to popular places like Jhakri, Sarahan Bushahr, Green valley Dhar Gaura and Shraikoti to name a few. The city is also the home to Asia's Largest underground Hydro Power Project - The Nathpa Jhakri Hydro Power Station built by Satluj Jal Vidyut Nigam Ltd (formerly known as Nathpa Jhakri Power Corporation) at Jhakri with dam sight at nathpa in Kinnaur and world's deepest Surge shaft at a Shah (22 km from Rampur). 


Daniel Sanfourche said de Lamothe

Daniel Sanfourche said de Lamothe, Sieur de Lamothe (1683-1763), was a criminal lawyer at the Parliament of Bordeaux from Sainte-Foy-la-Grande (Gironde). He was the son of Jean Sanfourche, Substitute of the King's Prosecutor. 

His son Simon-Antoine Delphin de Lamothe was born in Belvès-de-Castillon in 1725. Three years later his younger son, Alexis. Simon-Antoine Delphin de Lamothe was a lawyer in the Parliament of Bordeaux at the age of 18, elected to the National Academy of Sciences, Belles-Lettres et Arts de Bordeaux in 1769, later reporter on subjects of physics, astronomy and public health. Simon-Antoine Delphin de Lamothe had correspondence with illustrious fellow citizen Montesquieu (political thinker, pioneer of sociology, French philosopher and writer of the Enlightenment) until 1751. In 1760 he bought the "Domaine de Muscadet" located in Entre-Deux-Mers in Bassens, Gironde for 28,500 British pounds.

Fortune Street (video game)

Fortune Street (known as Boom Street in Europe and Oceania) is a Wii game developed by Square Enix. It is a follow-up to the 2007 Nintendo DS game Itadaki Street DS and is the first Itadaki Street title that was released outside of Japan.

This game was able to be played over Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection; however, the service was terminated on May 20, 2014, making this game no longer playable online. Also, mainly due to this game's Wi-Fi compatibilities, it is impossible to transfer the save data to an SD Card.

This game functions like a Monopoly style board game. It can be played with up to four players. If game data can't be saved or won't be saved, only offline multiplayer is available (though Out to Lunch can be used to mimic a single player game. Every player can be CPU players by doing this). When playing multiplayer offline, records aren't saved. Also, when playing multiplayer offline, players can decide if each player should have their own Wii Remote, or that players share one Wii Remote. When using the latter option, players will press one of the three buttons: ,  and  during an Auction to make a bid, and are ordered based on where characters appear in the Auction window.

At the start of a game, all players use number machines to determine the turn order, with the highest number going first (note that it is possible for two numbers on the number machines to be the same, if so then the tying players use the number machines again). The only exceptions are the tutorial, where the human player always goes first; and in Custom Rules, should the Order of play be set to As picked, where it makes P1 goes first, then P2, then P3, then P4.

Four players (excluding the play system in Tutorial mode, where only three characters play) take turns by rolling dice to go around the board and buy shops. Some squares involve special attributes, such as Take-a-break squares (when a character lands there, all of their shops will close until the player's next turn) and Venture squares (like a Chance space in Monopoly). Players also have the ability to invest money in their own shops when they land on them (a maximum of 999 per turn). Scattered around the board are four suits (Spade, Heart, Diamond, and Club); if the player collects all of them and returns to the Bank (also the starting square) they get a promotion. When a player gets a promotion, they get a fixed amount for their salary, plus a shop bonus which is based off 10% the sum of all the player's shop value, as well as a promotional bonus (extra money given to the player that increases as they level up). The player's level also goes up when they get a promotion.

The player wins by increasing their net worth to at least the target amount (usually determined by the game, if on Custom mode though, this can range between 6,000 and 999,000 in increments of 1,000) and returning to the bank first (in the Practice Boards, the target net worth for Easy Rules and Standard Rules are 5,000 G and 8,000 G respectively). Net worth is the total combined amount of ready cash and value in stocks and shops and can be increased by having other players land on their shops and buying multiple shops in an area or investing in stocks and owned shops to increase the stock price. If the player runs out of ready cash at any point, they must sell either stocks or a shop to try and get out of debt; any shops sold for cash are auctioned (the winning bid gets paid to the bank). Note that the bank only offers 75% of the shop price to a player if they are in debt. Also, if a player auctions a shop from "Manage Shops" or gets Venture Card #74, the highest bid is credited to the original owner. If the player's net worth goes below zero, then they go bankrupt; all their assets are sold off if any remain and they are automatically eliminated from the game. The player with the highest net worth automatically wins if the bankruptcy limit is met (although in a very rare case should two or more players have the same highest net worth, the player that goes later in the turn order wins). In Tour mode, the game ends once one player goes bankrupt, in Custom mode, this can be set to when two players go bankrupt or to have a last-man-standing rule.

Characters have expansive dialogue and interact with each other

All 22 characters from Itadaki Street DS return, with the addition of four new characters for a grand total of 26. Players can also use and customize their Miis in the game.

Miis are the only playable characters in single-player and online mode; in multiplayer offline, players can also choose between the Mario and Dragon Quest characters as well. Each computer character is ranked from S, A, B, C, D in terms of difficulty (S being the highest, and D being the lowest) which means each computer character has a predetermined difficulty. If the player beats either all the Easy Tour boards or all the Standard Tour boards, they will have the ability to switch the computers' difficulty from S rank to their normal rank.

Other

Mii

Non-Playable

Mario series

8-bit Buzzy Beetle

8-bit Goomba

8-bit Koopa

8-bit Piranha Plant

Bob-omb

Boo

Bullet Bill

Chain Chomp

Dry Bones

Lakitu

Luma

Noki

Pianta

Shy Guy

Thwomp

Toads

Yoshis

Dragon Quest series

Goodybag

Healslime

Magmalice

Malroth

Metal slime

Mottle slime

She-slime

Rockbomb

Super Mario Bros.: The World 1-1 stage is based off the same level from this game. Additionally, the music of this board is an arrangement of the overworld theme of this game. Also, upon completing a Mario board, an arrangement of the Castle Clear music plays, followed by an arrangement of the ending theme.

Super Mario Bros. 3: During an auction, an arrangement of the Toad's House/P Switch music plays. An arrangement of the Pipe Land map music also plays in the stock menu. Also, an arrangement of the "3 Matching Cards" fanfare plays whenever a line is made in Round The Blocks on a Mario board or when the Super Mario Tour is completed in Tour mode, as well as an arrangement of the "World Clear" fanfare playing when a line of lucky 7's is made in Round The Blocks on a Mario board.

Super Mario World: An arrangement of the final boss theme plays when someone reaches the target amount in a Mario board. An arrangement of the bonus stage music is heard in the minigame Round the Blocks if it is played on a Mario board.

Super Mario Kart: An arrangement of Mario Circuit's music is used for the Mario Circuit board.

Wario Land 3: Wario mentions Rudy when building a tent on the board.

Luigi's Mansion: One of Luigi's quotes mentions the Poltergust 3000.

Super Mario Sunshine: Delfino Plaza returns as a Mario series board. An arrangement of its original theme is the music of this board.

Wario World: Wario mentions the Black Jewel in one of his quotes, who was the main antagonist of that game.

Mario Party 6: Yoshi's artwork is heavily based on his artwork from this game, featuring him in an identical pose.

Super Mario 64 DS: Bowser's artwork from this game is reused.

Mario Superstar Baseball: The Mario Stadium returns as one of the Mario series boards.

New Super Mario Bros.: An arrangement of the Bowser's Castle theme can be heard at certain boards. Gaining a level with a Mario series character plays an arrangement of the "Course Clear" music. Also, Bowser Jr.'s artwork from this game is reused.

Mario Party 8: Wario, Daisy, Toad, Waluigi, and Birdo's artwork from this game is reused.

DK: Jungle Climber: Diddy Kong's artwork from this game is reused.

Super Mario Galaxy: The Good Egg Galaxy returns as a Mario series board.

Mario Party DS: If a player draws venture card #88, all other players swap positions. This is a reference to the Happening Space in Kamek's Library that will occasionally cause Kamek to cast "Kamek Spell No. 88", which has the same effect.

Mario Kart Wii: The Mario Circuit board resembles the Mario Circuit from this game.

New Super Mario Bros. Wii: Memory Block takes place in a Toad House from this game and features an arrangement of the Toad House music from this game.

Super Mario Galaxy 2: Starship Mario returns as a Mario series board. An arrangement of "Starship Mario, Launch!" also plays on this board.

Mario Sports Mix: The victory animations for some of the Mario series characters resemble the animations from this game, however their animations are slightly different and are not continuous; they revert to their standing animation when they finish their victory animation.



Itadaki Street DS

Itadaki Street DS (いただきストリートDS, lit. "Top Street DS") is a game for the Nintendo DS. It was created by Square Enix. Like other installments in the Itadaki Street series, "Itadaki Street DS" is a Monopoly-like game that has some Mario Party-esque elements added to it due to the appearance of several Mario characters (minigames, for example). It was released on June 21, 2007 only in Japan.

A follow-up to this game, titled Fortune Street was released for the Wii in December 2011.

Players move around the board, buying shops and collecting money from others who land on their shop spaces. Depending on circumstances, some players can forcibly take over another player's shop spaces, or make them inactive for a turn. Players can also hold shares of a block of spaces so that they get paid when someone lands on any space in that block, even if it is not their own.

Players get bonuses for leveling up, which is done by passing four special spaces on the board (each marked with a suit- Club, Diamond, Heart, and Spade) and then going to the Bank space. If the player lands on one of these special spaces instead of passing them, they get a chance to randomly draw a "chance card", which affects gameplay or a player. Usually, the goal is to reach a certain total property value and get to the Bank, or to make a player bankrupt. There is also a special "Casino" space where themed games of chance occur.

There are 23 playable characters in Itadaki Street DS (if the male and female avatars are counted as one character): Eleven from the Mario series and eleven from the Dragon Quest series. Players are also able to create and customize their own characters that can be played as. Although only four of the characters from both series are playable to begin with, the others can be unlocked by playing through the Tour Mode of the game. Additionally, there are also three Support/Guest characters that players can summon with the help of a card, but are not playable.

Support/Guest Characters

Lakitu (shuts down spaces he passes or lands on for one turn)

Healslime (gives marks necessary for leveling up when player passes it)

Dancing Jewels/GoodyBag (pays out to the owner of any space it lands on)

The theme "Hello, Happy Kingdom" from "" is featured in this game's tutorial level.

This is one of the few games where Mario has written dialogue.


Madagascar 3: The Video Game

Madagascar 3: The Video Game (also known as Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted - The Video Game) is an action-adventure game based on the film . The PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii versions were developed by Monkey Bar Games. The Nintendo DS and 3DS titles were developed by Torus games.

The game allows players to control Alex, Marty, Melman and Gloria as they try to escape Captain Chantel DuBois and return to their home in New York. A PlayStation Vita version was planned to be the first DreamWorks Animation game on the handheld device or system, but it was cancelled due to it not have the power to support the game.

Alex, Marty, Melman, and Gloria plan to take the penguins to return to New York, but the plan backfires and the animals must escape the animal control and end up in a circus.

Playable:


Non-Playable:



Switzerland Countryside

Mission 1

Mission 2

Rome

Fireworks

Ultimate Set of Tools

The Hose

Big Cheese

Showoff of Rome

Rome Circus

Pisa

Penguin Food

Reception

Cactus

Ironing Board

Showoff of Pisa

Pisa Circus

Paris

Bag of Hammers

Box of Rocks

Fishtank

Cowboy Statue

Showoff of Paris

Paris Circus

London

Umbrella

Charcoal

Green Paint

Sparkle

Showoff of London

London Circus

New York City

Circus of New York

Anton Du Beke

Anthony Paul Beke (born 20 July 1966), known professionally as Anton Du Beke, is a British ballroom and Latin dancer and television presenter. He was a professional dancer from 20042020, and as a judge from 2020 onwards on the BBC One celebrity dancing show "Strictly Come Dancing". His professional dancer partner since 1997 was Erin Boag. Du Beke was also a former presenter on "This Morning".

In 2009, he presented the BBC UK version of "Hole in the Wall", replacing Dale Winton after being a team captain in 2008.

In November 2017, Du Beke released his debut studio album, "From the Top", on Polydor Records. It reached number 21 on the UK Albums Chart.

In October 2022, he won for the BBC One celebrity dancing show "Strictly Come Dancing" the National Television Awards trophy.

Du Beke was born in Sevenoaks, Kent.

Four Heavenly Kings

The Four Heavenly Kings have been represented from early Buddhist art in India until today in East Asia. There are two types of distinctive iconography of the deities: a king-like appearance in India and Southeast Asia and a warrior-like appearance in Central Asia and East Asia. 


Aberaeron

Aberaeron is a town, a community and an electoral ward situated between Aberystwyth and Cardigan in Ceredigion, Wales. The Ceredigion County Council offices are based in Aberaeron. The name of the town is Welsh.

The population was 1,422 in 2011.

Flint, Flintshire

Flint () is a town and community in Flintshire, Wales. It is on the River Dee. It used to be Flintshire's county town.

The Aquarium

The Aquarium is a 2008 Egyptian French German drama movie directed by Yousry Nasrallah and starring Hend Sabri, Amr Waked, Gamil Ratib, Samah Anwar.

2021 Colombian protests

The 2021 Colombian protests are a series of ongoing protests in Colombia that began on 28 April 2021 against increased taxes proposed by the government of President Iván Duque Márquez. It was proposed to fund Ingreso Solidario, a universal basic income social program.

While some protests were peaceful, some turned violent with many rioting and burning public transportation vehicles.

On International Workers' Day, tens of thousands of Colombians protested on 1 May in one of the largest demonstrations during the wave of protests, with cacerolazos heard in various cities. The following day, more violent protests erupted with six civilians being killed.


2021 Kyrgyzstan–Tajikistan clashes

A border conflict happened between Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan from 28 April to 1 May 2021. The conflict began because of an old water dispute between the two Central Asian countries. At least 46 people were killed in the events and more than 30,000 civilians were displaced.

On 1 May 2021, the two countries agreed on a new ceasefire, thus ending the conflict.

Sun God

Sun God or Solar deity refers to the divine personification of the Sun, a heavenly body in the solar system of the Milky Way.
In various paganisms of the world, there were many deities associated with the sun. 

Iain Rankin (politician)

Iain Thomas Rankin (born April 9, 1983) is a Canadian politician. He is the 29th and current premier of Nova Scotia since February 23, 2021. He is a member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly for the Nova Scotia Liberal Party, representing the electoral district of Timberlea-Prospect. 

Caroline Cochrane

Caroline Cochrane (born December 5, 1960) is a Canadian politician, who is the 13th and current Premier of the Northwest Territories since October 24, 2019. She is the only currently serving female premier in Canada and the second female premier of the Northwest Territories after Nellie Cournoyea.

Andrew Furey

Andrew John Furey (born July 1975) is a Canadian orthopedic surgeon and politician. He became the 14th Premier of Newfoundland and Labrador on August 19, 2020. Furey is the Member of the House of Assembly for Humber-Gros Morne.

Anura Bandaranaike

Anura Bandaranaike (February 15, 1949 – March 16, 2008) was a Sri Lankan politician, served as Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka (2000-2001) and Leader of the Opposition (1983–1988). He was hold several cabinet ministries as Foreign Minister briefly in 2005, Minister of Higher Education (1993–1994), Minister of Tourism (April 2004 – January 2007).

Murder of Zachary Turner

Zachary Andrew Turner (18 July 2002 – 18 August 2003) was a one-year-old Canadian boy who was murdered by his mother in a murder-suicide. His mother drugged him and jumped in the Atlantic Ocean where they both drowned. An investigation after the murder showed that the social services could have prevented the deaths. 

Shirley Jane Turner (28 January 1961 – 18 August 2003) was a Canadian-American daughter of a U.S. serviceman and local woman from St. Anthony, Newfoundland and Labrador. Turner was raised with three siblings in Wichita, Kansas, but moved to Newfoundland with her mother after her parents separated. Her parents later divorced.

Far From the Apple Tree

Directed by Grant McPhee and produced by Tartan Features, Far from the Apple Tree, is a Scottish fantasy film. It stars Sorcha Groundsell, from Netflix's "The Innocents" as Judith. Judith is a struggling artist who finds herself in what seems like a great opportunity when she is hired by a renowned and sinister visual artist named Roberta Roslyn.

Far from the Apple Tree follows the story of Judith, a young artist at the start of her career, who lands a job with a renowned visual artist called Robert Roslyn.  She lands her dream job when she is spotted by Roberta at one of her art gallery exhibitions and hired to help catalogue her work.

Whilst on the job she is shocked to see a girl who closely resembles her repeatedly show up in Roberta’s artwork. She learns that this girl is her boss's missing daughter Maddy.

As she delves into the mystery of the missing girl, new persona begins to emerge within her.  Becoming aware of her unwinding nature, Judith must decide between staying on in her job or continue down the rabbit hole and risk losing who she is.  


"Teenage Superstars" received its Cinema Premiere in 2018 at the Glasgow Film Festival 

Was part of the National Museum of Scotland's 2018 Rip it Up exhibition where it screened at Edinburgh's Filmhouse 

"Teenage Superstars" has received generally positive reviews, including 4 out of 5 stars in both The List, and The Skinny with The Herald calling it "a real treat for music fans." 

Having completed a successful festival run the documentary was picked up by Sky Arts receiving its television premiere on the 23 January 2021.

It was highly reviewed as pick of the day on The Guardian, The Observer, The Times & The Telegraph

Salem Spartans

Salem Spartans, is a cricket team representing Salem district in the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association T20 League tournament, Tamil Nadu Premier League (TNPL). The team is owned by Vivo Chennai south distributor Selvakumar M.

Salem Spartans is the costliest team in TNPL with of brand value. This is the highest brand in TNPL.

In 2019 franchise Albert Tuti Patriots removed co-owners of a franchise. So in 2020 the team Tuti Patriots was renamed as Salem Spartans due to the change of ownership from Thoothukodi sports and private entertainment LTD to M.Selvakumar ( VIVO South Chennai distributor).

The team play in a jersey that grades from yellow through orange to red. The strip's trousers are black.

The team's anthem song is starting with the term Vanakkam Da Mapla ("Tamil: வணக்கம் டா மாப்ள சேலத்தில இருந்து"). The lyrics were also written by people from the areas around Salem City. The team hashtag is #VanakkamDaMapla, which is used in the anthem.

The term Spartans refers to the people who are always simple, it means the people's from Salem is always simple. Logo of the franchise Salem Spartans is also designed like a simple men take efforts to defend him from predators . Like wise the franchise is also simple but it will take much more efforts to defend the team from opponents and for the victory.


Salem Spartans is playing their inaugural season in 2021 .


Habesha peoples

Habesha peoples (; ; ; etymologically related to English exonyms "Abyssinia" and "Abyssinians" by way of Latin) in its most general sense is a community and supra-ethnic identifier among Eritreans, Ethiopians, and their descendants in the diaspora. The identifier has a diverse array of usage depending on situational context, cultural perspective, socio-political ideology, geographic location, point of view, and era in time, among other influences.

In one sense, Habesha has historically been used as a meta-ethnicity to refer to peoples found in the highlands of Ethiopia and Eritrea between Asmara and Addis Ababa of largely Ethiosemitic language-speaking populations (e.g. the modern-day Amhara, Tigrayan, Tigrinya peoples, among others) as well as in some cases including Central Cushitic language-speaking peoples (e.g. the modern-day Agaw, Qemant, Bilen, Awi), all of which have had constant contact with each other and share ethnic homelands within the Ethiopian Highlands and Eritrean Highlands geographic area.

In another sense, Habesha as a pan-ethnicity is used in reference to all Ethiopians and Eritreans, encompassing all constituent ethnic groups, and their diaspora populations, within a transnational cultural mosaic community consisting of the peoples, cultures, and products of Ethiopia, Eritrea, and the cultural practices adopted by diaspora populations in the countries in which they have migrated to. The concept of Habesha as a pan-ethnicity is largely held by diaspora communities as well as among people in urban centers in the highlands of Ethiopia and Eritrea between Asmara and Addis Ababa (especially those with access to social media).

Historically, the term "Habesha" represented northern Ethiopian Highlands which consisted of populations that are predominantly Orthodox Tewahedo Christians, while the Oromo and other ethnic groups, as well as Semitic-speaking Muslims, were considered the periphery. Its is frequently employed to refer to Semitic language-speaking peoples mainly found in the highlands of Ethiopia and Eritrea. Historically, the term was applied to predominantly Christian groups, and this usage remains common today. The term is used in varying degrees of exclusion and inclusivity: Most commonly, it includes all highland Semitic language-speaking Christians; sometimes it is employed in an expanded sense to include Muslim communities as well as Christians. At the extremes, the term is currently sometimes employed in a restrictive sense to only refer to speakers of Tigrinya, while recently, some within diasporic communities have adopted the term to refer to all people of Eritrean or Ethiopian origin. 

According to Gerard Prunier, one very restrictive use of the term today by some Tigrayans refers exclusively to speakers of Tigrinya, however it is noteworthy that Tigrayan oral traditions and linguistic evidence bear witness to ancient and constant relations with Amharas. Some Gurage societies, such as Orthodox Christian communities where Soddo is spoken, identify as Habesha and have a strong sense of Ethiopian national identity, due in part to their ancient ties with the northern Habesha.

Predominately Muslim ethnic groups in the Eritrean Highlands such as the Tigre have historically opposed the name Habesha; Muslim Tigrinya-speakers are usually referred to as Jeberti people while in some records Jebarti is described as a Muslim ethno-religious sub-group or alternative to Habesha. At the turn of the 20th century, elites of the Solomonic dynasty employed the conversion of various ethnic groups to Orthodox Tewahedo Christianity and the imposition of the Amharic language to spread a common Habesha national identity.

Within Ethiopian and Eritrean diasporic populations, some second generation immigrants have adopted the term "Habesha" in a broader sense as a supra-national ethnic identifier inclusive of all Eritreans and Ethiopians. For those who employ the term, it serves as a useful counter to more exclusionary identities such as "Amhara" or "Tigrayan". However, this usage is not uncontested: On the one hand, those who grew up in Ethiopia or Eritrea may object to the obscuring of national specificity. On the other hand, groups that were subjugated in Ethiopia or Eritrea sometimes find the term offensive.

The modern term derives from Semitic languages: , first written in unvowelled script as ; ; . The earliest known use of the term dates to the second or third century Sabaean inscription recounting the defeat of the "nəgus" ("king") GDRT of Aksum and ḤBŠT. The early Semitic term appears to refer to a group of peoples, rather than a specific ethnicity.

Egyptian inscriptions refer to the people that they traded with in Punt as , "the bearded ones." Francis Breyer believes the Egyptian demonym to be the source of the Semitic term.

The first attestation of late Latin "Abissensis" is from the fifth century CE. Modern Western European languages, including English, appear to borrow this term from the post-classical form "Abissini" in the mid-sixteenth century. (English "Abyssin" is attested from 1576, and "Abissinia" and "Abyssinia" from the 1620s.)

Lesser tree frog

The Guianan dwarf tree frog or lesser tree frog ("Dendropsophus minutus") is a frog that lives in the Guianas, Colombia, Trinidad, Venezuela, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay, Peru, Argentina, and Brazil. It lives in a very large part of South America. Scientists have seen it as high as 2000 meters above sea level and as low as at sea level.

The male frogs sing for the female frogs from grass and shrubs near water and from plants growing up out of the water. Male frogs will fight each other over the best places to sing. The females lay eggs in water that does not move, like ponds and puddles.

This frog lives in a very large part of South America, in places that are very different from each other, so the individual frogs are also different from each other. In 2014, a team of 30 scientists studied the mtDNA of this frog and found the whole species had 47 different groups in it.

Arc length

Arc length is the distance along the arc/curve, denoted by "S", the target arc can be denoted by"L" or "formula_1", not the distance between its endpoints, which is known as the chord length and is denoted by "C".

Not all curves can be defining length, curves that can be defined by the length are called the rectifiable curves.

Depending on the given, there are two different ways to find the Arc Length.

Arc length on a circle can be measured as Arc length = s = θ/360 of 2πr = θ/360 × 2πr = rθ × π/180. (θ represents the degree of the ,"r" represents the Radius of the circle).

Arc length on a circle can be measured as Arc length= s = r × θ
The original method for calculating the arc length involves dividing the arc into many parts to obtain an estimated answer:


Brunton Park

Brunton Park is a football (soccer) stadium. The team Carlisle United plays there.

Parts of the stadium burned down in 1953. The ground has flooded twice.

2021–22 Bundesliga

The 2021–22 Bundesliga was the 59th season of the Bundesliga, Germany's premier football competition. It began on 13 August 2021 and ended on 14 May 2022.

The fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.

Bayern Munich were the defending champions and successfully defended their title, winning their record-extending 10th consecutive title and 32nd title overall (31st in the Bundesliga era) on 23 April with three matches to spare.

A total of eighteen teams will participate in the 2021–22 edition of the Bundesliga.

 SC Freiburg played their first three home matches at the Dreisamstadion before permanently moving to the Europa-Park Stadion.

The relegation play-offs will take place on 19 and 23 May 2022.

<section begin=Details />

"All times Central European Summer Time ()"


Oasis of the Seas

Oasis of the Seas is a cruise ship operated by Royal Caribbean International. She is the first of her class, whose ships are the largest passenger ships in the world.

Missions of California

The California missions were made by Spain and were located in Alta California, now known as just California. The purpose of these missions were to bring Christianity to the natives. Many of the cities you see today in California are named after the missions. Spain sent priests and soldiers to build the missions. The leader of the priests was Junipero Serra. They often used violence to force the natives into helping to build their missions. Other times they would bribe the natives, promising to give them spices and money. The natives were forced to stay at the missions until their training was complete. As a result, many natives tried to escape. These natives were brought back to the mission, beaten, and punished. The soldiers would often beat the natives in public to show the natives what would be done if they didn't follow the rules. The end of the mission era in Alta California was after Mexico was finally free from Spain. Mexico decided that they would close down the missions. Today, the missions of California are used as wedding places, churches, and museums.

The 21 missions of California are listed in order by the date that they were made.


Randi Zuckerberg

Randi Jayne Zuckerberg (born February 28, 1982) is an American businesswoman and sister to Mark Zuckerberg. She is the former director of market development and spokesperson for Facebook. She was also a panelist on "Forbes on Fox".

Zuckerberg earn her bachelor's degree in Harvard University.

Randi Zuckerberg began her career at marketing for advertising firm Ogilvy & Mather. She has stated in articles and interviews that to her it was a dream job in which she enjoyed the work. In late 2004, Randi's brother Mark asked her to join him at his startup Facebook, which he said was understaffed with people willing to travel and who could explain his vision. She has stated that she initially thought this was a temporary position that might last six months. Once she was in Silicon Valley and part of the innovation-driven community, she became fascinated with the possibilities and remained for ten years there on Facebook. In 2020, Zuckerberg resigned from Facebook and announced her social media firm, named "Zuckerberg Media".

TextSecure

TextSecure was a free and open-source encrypted messaging application for Android. It was developed and launched by Open Whisper Systems and used end-to-end encryption to secure the transmission of instant messages, group messages, attachments and media messages to other TextSecure users.

Kabiru Bala

Kabiru Bala (born 7 January 1964), is a professor of building and construction and the current vice chancellor of Ahmadu Bello University Zaria.

Attahiru Bafarawa

Attahiru Dalhatu Bafarawa (born 4 November 1954) is a Nigerian politician who was the governor of Sokoto State in Nigeria.

Cyborg 009 (1966 film)

Cyborg 009 (サイボーグ009, "Saibôgu 009") is a 1966 Japanese animated sci-fi adventure film loosely based on the by . It was directed by Yugo Serikawa, with the screenplay written by Takashi Iijima and Serikawa. It was released on July 21st, 1966, with a runtime of 64 minutes. It is a loose adaptation of the introductory arc, "Birth".

The earliest signs of the film's production can be seen in some early 1966 concept art by Ishinomori, done after discussions with the film planner Yoshifumi Hatano and the changes that the production team planned to make to the characters.

Many aspects were to be significantly altered in the movie, some to the frustration of Ishinomori. The most notable change that had disappointed him had involved Cyborg 007 being changed to be a young nine-year old boy, in order for the film to better appeal to the child audience. However, it was a compromise that had to be made, under the logic that it was much easier to empathize with a child character. The child 007 can be seen in this concept art, and would be previewed in the January 1966 one-shot "The Man in the High Castle". A redesign for 001 would also be depicted there, with his bangs no longer covering his eyes.

Shortly before the film's release, as the Cyborg 009 feature moved to , Ishinomori had to draw up a new origin story for film viewers who would be reading the magazine, although it was not intended to be canon with the upcoming "Underground Empire of Yomi" arc. This story, "Prologue", was a brief origin story taking cues from some parts of this film.

Other notable changes in the film included the removal of the biracial angle to 009, as well as him being changed from a delinquent to a race car driver captured by Black Ghost. 003 would also be depicted as a ballerina in her backstory, which would be carried forth to further incarnations.

After a sabotage on the race track that causes the #9 car driven by the racer "Hurricane" Joe Shimamura to crash, an ambulance arrives on the scene to take him away. But this ambulance is in actuality a decoy sent by the Black Ghost organization, the ones responsible for the wreck, while a real ambulance arrives too late.

In being taken to the Black Ghost base, Joe is found to have gone into cardiac arrest, being clinically dead and necessitating the replacement of his heart, and the Black Ghost scientists set to work on remodeling the rest of his body.

Joe awakens later on in a strange white uniform, but is quickly put through endurance tests, eventually winding up in the ocean and emerging to find the scientists congratulating him. He is introduced to eight other cyborgs of the 00 prototype line, who quickly announce their plans to rebel and bring a captive, Dr. Gilmore, along.

Joe, now called "009", soon learns that Gilmore had organized this rebellion with the cyborgs and that Black Ghost made them as weapons to profit off of war. The cyborgs must fight off the Black Ghost fleet following them in the getaway plane, as 003 introduces 009 to each team member and describes their power.

The team land on a deserted island, but soon find their plane blown up by robotic dinosaurs and must face other threats. 009, 007, and 008 take to the sea to take one of the Black Ghost submarines hostage, and the team manage to escape to freedom- for a time.

At Dr. Gilmore's research center, the cyborgs attempt to get used to being on the run and living away from their home countries. 003 tells 009 of her past, in how her parents were killed in a war and how Black Ghost ruined her life further. It is found that Black Ghost still has a base that the cyborgs must destroy, and 009 opts to take only 003, 006, and 007 along with him.

In the area surrounding the base, 009, 006, and 007 fight off against a spider-shaped mecha, while 003 is abducted and put on an operating table to be re-programmed against the other cyborgs. As the others enter the base and fight off against the soldiers, they find the newly evil 003 waiting for them and attempting to shoot them. 009 then discovers that the true leader of Black Ghost is a brain inside a machine, and shoots at it, causing the brainwashing on 003 to be broken. But with the base set to explode, they must escape.

Outside, as they attempt to get back to their ship, they find more Black Ghost soldiers waiting- along with the other 00 cyborgs, who have come just in time to shoot the soldiers and assist their teammates. The nine cyborgs narrowly escape the exploding island.

In the end, the nine stand in civilian clothing (and 003 holding 001), as for the time, they can now go back to their average lives and have peace from Black Ghost.



Conus adversarius

Conus adversarius is an extinct species of "Conus", a venomous sea snail. The sea snail lived in the southeastern United States. The species lived for over 4 million years in the Pliocene. The species died out in the ice age.

The first person to find out about the species was Timothy Abbott Conrad. Timothy named the species after the left-handed shape of the shell, which is different from all other Conus species.


Save Your Tears

"Save Your Tears" is a song by Canadian recording artist The Weeknd, from his seventh studio album, "After Hours" (2020). It was written by The Weeknd with Max Martin, Oscar Holter, DaHeala, and Belly, with the first four serving as the song's producers. The music video for the song was released on January 5, 2021, and depicts Tesfaye onstage with an exaggerated look that resembles plastic surgery, while wearing his signature sequined red suit.

A remix of the song featuring American entertainer Ariana Grande was released on April 23, 2021. Grande is a credited songwriter on the remix of the song.

After the song peaked at number four on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, the song topped the chart dated May 8, 2021, with both The Weeknd & Ariana Grande as credited artists. It became the sixth US number-one song for both artists.

Reggae rock

Reggae rock is a subgenre of reggae fusion and rock music that primarily uses the genres reggae, rock and ska.

<br>

Power pop

Power pop is a form of pop rock based on the early music of bands such as the Who, the Beatles, the Beach Boys and the Byrds.
<br>

Hiroyuki Ōta

Hiroyuki Ōta (太田博之, "Ōta Hiroyuki", November 25, 1947 - ) is a Japanese former child actor, screen actor and businessman.

He is known for voicing Cyborg 009 (Joe Shimamura) in two animated movies (Cyborg 009 (1966 film) and ) before giving the role to Katsuji Mori in 1968 for the television series.

Born in the Shizuoka Prefecture, Ôta attended the Rissho University before dropping out in 1967. In 1956, nine year old Ôta made his first appearance in Shintoho's ""Niizuma Kagami"". He participate in movies and TV series as a child actor. He also served as the cover model for the Shōnen Gahōsha magazine. In the 1960s, Ôta left Shintoho and appeared in youth films of Nikkatsu and other companies, and in the 1970s, he focused on historical television dramas.

He started driving a car from the third grade of elementary school, owned a B-class license, and drove a Honda motorcycle in a race at the Suzuka Circuit and his top speed was 210 km. Retired from the entertainment world at the end of ""Suriranka no ai to wakare"" in 1976. He founded a sushi chain store "Kosen Sushi" and was a complete succeeded, but in 1986, he was arrested for confinement and extortion due to financial trouble, and his management tilted was stripped by the authorities and the store was later went into bankruptcy.

He hasn't been the last to appear in the catalog model of an apparel maker in 2011. In 2020, a young college student named Kiyoshi Hanada encountered Ôta who became a businessman for Honda and interview him. He is now 73 years old and Katsuji Mori, the voice actor who was given the role for Cyborg 009, considered him that he should played the character instead of him.


Corn smut

Corn smut is a disease that affects corn, which is also called maize. The fungus "Ustilago maydis" causes corn smut.

Lumps of growing tissue called galls grow on the corn. They can grow on the ears, leaves or stalks. Corn is more likely to have corn smut if it has been cut by machines or hailstones.

Farmers can stop corn smut by using corn that has been bred to be strong against the fungus. They can also stop corn smut by crop rotation. This is because the fungus can wait in the soil over the winter for the next crop. If the corn is not in the same field each year, it is harder for corn smut to reach new corn plants.

Corn smut is safe to eat, and chefs cook it.

TransJakarta

Transjakarta is a bus rapid transit system in Jakarta, Indonesia. It is the first bus rapid transit system in Asia. It was founded in 2004 to deal with the rush hour traffic.

I Am Peter, Hear Me Roar

"I Am Peter, Hear Me Roar" is the 8th episode of Family Guys 2nd season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on March 28, 2000. It was written by Chris Sheridan and Monte Young is the director of the episode. 

In the episode, Peter Griffin must go to a retreat after he tells a sexist joke at his job. The episode was broadcast on the same day as the one before it ("The King Is Dead"). This made Seth MacFarlane (creator of "Family Guy") worried that the show would get cancelled.

In July 2013, a complaint to A&W Restaurants about their "Burger Family" was rejected. The complaint said that the Burger Family was harming the LGBT community. The person who made the complaint used the name "Gloria Ironbox". Ironbox is a character in the episode that parodies feminism. The Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario did not look into the complaint and called it "an abuse of process."

Sacred language

A liturgical language or sacred language or holy language is any language that is used in the religious service, by people who speak another primary language in their daily lives.

Some of the examples of the sacred languages are given below:



Meitei Vaishnavism

Meitei Vaishnavism or Manipuri Vaishnavism is a religious sub-denomination of Vaishnavism of Hinduism, followed by Meitei ethnicity of Manipur, Assam, Tripura, Bangladesh and Myanmar. It was founded in Medieval Manipur and continues to be the largest religion in the present day Modern Manipur.

Historically, King Charairongba was the first ruler of Manipur to formally adopt Vaishnavism as his family religion, though he did not enforce the faith to his subjects, and the reign of King Chandrakirti Singh was the "Golden Period of Vaishnavism" in Manipur kingdom.

Ahmed Musa

Ahmed Musa (born 14 October 1992) is a Nigerian professional footballer who currently plays as forward for Turkish football club Sivasspor and the Nigeria national team.

Femi Hamzat

Femi Hamzat (was born September 19, 1964) is a Nigerian politician who currently serves as the Deputy Governor of Lagos State. 

Hamzat was born in Lagos, Nigeria into the family of Late Oba Mufutau Olatunji Hamzat and Late Alhaja Kehinde Hamzat from Iga Egbe, Lagos state. His father, Late Oba Mufutau Olatunji Hamzat served as a member of the Lagos State House of Assembly and as a Commissioner for Transportation in the state before becoming the Vice-Chairman SW of then Alliance for Democracy(AD). 

Hamzat worked at RTP Consulting Services, Columbia University, Merrill Lynch Inc, Morgan Stanley and Oando Plc where he served as the Chief Information Officer.

Hamzat graduated from the University of Ibadan in with a degree in Agricultural Engineering in and a master's in Agricultural Engineering in. He also obtained his PhD in System Process Engineering at Cranfield University, United Kingdom.

Balogun Market

Balogun Ajeniya Market is a market located in Lagos Island in Lagos State, Nigeria. The market has no particular address for the business because it sprawls across so many streets on the island. Balogun market is recognized as the best place to buy fabrics, shoes and all sorts of wares in Lagos.

Dressmaker

A dressmaker is a person who makes custom clothing for women, such as dresses, blouses, and evening gowns. A dressmaker is also known as a mantua-maker (trivial), modiste, or fabricia.


Cristóbal Balenciaga

Cristóbal Balenciaga Eizaguirre ( [kɾisˈtoβal βalenˈθjaɣa ejθaˈɣire]; 21 January 1895 – 23 March 1972) was a Basque fashion designer, and the CEO of the Balenciaga fashion house. He had a reputation as a couturier of uncompromising standards and was referred to as "the master of us all. 

Isomerization

Isomerization is a thing that happens to molecules and parts of molecules.

Isomerization is when a molecule or part of a molecule changes shape but still has the same number of each kind of atom. The atoms change places, but they do not go away. No new atoms come.

For example, when a ketose group changes to an aldose group, that is isomerization because both groups are -CHO. They have two carbon atoms, three hydrogen atoms, and two oxygen atoms. In the ketose group, the first carbon has a double bond to an oxygen and a single bond to the other carbon. In the aldose group, the second carbon has the double bond to the oxygen, and the hydrogen atoms are in different places. But they both have the same number of each kind of atom.

David Emanuel (fashion designer)

David Emanuel (born 17 November 1952) is a fashion designer who is best known for designing, with his former wife Elizabeth Emanuel. 

Bossman

Bossman is a slang word for a man who owns something (usually a restaurant). The word can also be used for somebody who has bought a service or product (usually food or a business).

Meitei wedding

Meitei marriage ("Manipuri marriage") () or Meitei wedding ("Manipuri wedding") () are the traditions and practices that relate to wedding ceremonies and marriage rituals prevailing within the Meitei culture. The ceremonies and customs have changed greatly in the past 350 years. Original traditional Meitei weddings are supposed to be very similar to modern matrimonial practices of the Sanamahists and rural weddings (in Loi villages of Manipur). Notably, modern day Sanamahist matrimonial practices are in fact, the original true traditional Meitei wedding without the influence of foreign culture.
No matter what religion one follows, the Meiteis are not allowed to marry between the persons of the same salai (clan). Else, severe punishment or banishment from the society (colony) is the usual result in Meitei culture.
Generally, in urban areas, monogamy is common while in rural areas, polygamy is not rare.

The marriage process usually starts with the meeting between the couple's families and the consultation on the two's horoscopes. If everything is fine, the marriage day will be fixed and finally, the partners will be wedded.

Regarding the cultural diversity of the Meitei ethnicity, there are the adherents of Sanamahism and Hinduism.
During early times, there were strong religious barriers between the castes inside the Meitei ethnicity. For instance, a general Meitei (either Hindu or Sanamahist) cannot marry a person who belongs to Meitei Pangals (Manipuri Muslims) or other communities.

In the traditional Meitei marriage ceremony, brides do not wear potloi. Instead, they wear phanek (traditional Meitei sarong) and Kajenglei (traditional Meitei headdress). Besides, the sacred chantings will all be done in Classical Meitei language.

In the Meitei Hindu marriage, brides wear potloi instead of phanek. Besides, many of the sacred chantings are performed in Sanskrit in addition to Classical Manipuri language.
Since Hinduism among the Meitei ethnicity is actually brought from the Vaishnavism of Bengal, the Meitei Hindus somehow imitate and follow the traditional matrimonial styles of the Bengalis.

Super Mario Bros. 35

Super Mario Bros. 35 was an online battle-royale style video game developed by Arika and published by Nintendo, in October 1, 2020. Its release was made for the Super Mario Bros. 35th Anniversary. It was made no longer playable after March 31, 2021; yet it still could be played into April 1, 2021. Then it was no longer played, but you could still run the software, and it would work until the software was closed.

The game is based off of Super Mario Bros., with every of its 32 levels. The player controls Mario (or Luigi, found in an easter egg) to fight 34 other players. Defeating an enemy would cause it to go on someone else's screen. Most of them are defeated by stepping on them. If a player is the last Mario alive, then they win.

The Man Who Saved The World

The Man Who Saved The World or "Dünyayı Kurtaran Adam", also known as "Turkish Star Wars" is a 1982 Turkish action-adventure science fiction mockbuster movie based on "Star Wars". It was directed by Çetin İnanç, produced by the company Anıt Ticaret and stars Cüneyt Arkın who wrote the screenplay. It features stock footage from "Star Wars" and music soundtrack from movies like "Raiders of the Lost Ark". It is considered one of the worst movies of all time, and because of this, it has become a cult movie not only in Turkey, but internationally as well. 

Set in outer space and on a fictional planet, two pilots named Murat and Ali must find the evil tyrant Wizard and stop him from tyrannizing and enslaving the people and from destroying planets.


Rakesh Roshan

Rakesh Roshan (born Rakesh Roshan Lal Nagrath on 6 September 1949) is an Indian producer, director, screenwriter, editor, former actor in Hindi films. He is the son of Indian music director Roshanlal Nagrath. He acted in 84 films throughout the 1970s and 1980s till 1989. As an actor, he was mostly known for his supporting roles in big-budget films starring Sanjeev Kumar and Rajesh Khanna in the lead role. Later, he became famous for directing films with titles beginning with the letter "K" since 1987. This included the crime thriller "Karan Arjun" (1995), the romance "Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai" (2000), the science fiction "Koi... Mil Gaya" (2003) and the superhero "Krrish" film series (20062013). The latter three films starred his son Hrithik Roshan. Roshan won the Filmfare Award for Best Director for directing the films; "Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai" and "Koi... Mil Gaya". He is the father of actor Hrithik Roshan.

In January 2019, Roshan was diagnosed with early-stage squamous cell carcinoma of the throat.

Potloi

Potloi or Polloi () may refer to:

Chinese Singaporeans

Chinese Singaporeans () are a local ethnic group in Singapore, defined as Singaporeans of Chinese descent. Chinese Singaporeans constitute 76.2% of the Singaporean population, making them the largest ethnic group in Singapore.

Dendropsophus rozenmani

Dendropsophus rozenmani is a frog that lives in Bolivia.

This frog lives in temporary and permanent bodies of water. It also lives in grasslands that have been flooded.

The adult male frog is 18.7–21.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 19.6–23.2 mm long. The frog is brown in color with two dark brown stripes from its head to its middle.

The Voice Kids (British TV series)

The Voice Kids is a British singing competition television series. Created by John de Mol, it premiered on ITV during the summer television cycle on 10 June 2017. The series was based on the original "The Voice of Holland". It was part of the "The Voice" franchise. It has aired four series. It aims to feature young aspiring singers. The winners receive a money prize and a family trip, courtesy of Norweigan Airlines. Winners of the four series have been: Jess Folley, Daniel Davies, Sam Wilkinson and Justine Afante.

The series employs a panel of four coaches. They critique the artists' performances and guide their teams of selected artists through the remainder of the series. They also compete to ensure that their act wins the competition, thus making them the winning coach. The original panel featured will.i.am, Danny Jones and Pixie Lott; the panel for the fifth series will feature will.i.am, Jones, Lott and Melanie C. Other judges from previous series include Jessie J and Paloma Faith.

The fifth series will start in 2021.

Michael Bisping

Michael Bisping (born 28 February 1979) is an English retired mixed martial artist and current commentator and actor. He competed in the middleweight and light heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). He was the UFC middleweight champion from 2016 to 2017. He had 39 professional fights, winning 30 and losing nine.

Bisping was born on a British military base in Nicosia, Cyprus. He grew up in Clitheroe, Lancashire. His father was in the British Army and is of Polish ancestry. His mother is Irish. He has three children with his Australian wife Rebecca.


Shaun Murphy

Shaun Peter Murphy (born 10 August 1982) is an English professional snooker player. He won the 2005 World Championship. He is nicknamed "The Magician". Shaun Murphy is known for his straight cue action and his long potting. He was born in Harlow, England, UK.

Mexico City Metro

The Mexico City Metro () is a rapid transit system that serves the metropolitan area of Mexico City. It also extends to some cities in Mexico State. It is operated by the operated by the Sistema de Transporte Colectivo (STC). 

It is the second largest metro system in North America after the New York City Subway. In 2019, the system served 1.655 billion passengers.

Mexico City Metro overpass collapse

On 3 May 2021 at 22:25 CDT, an elevated section on Line 12 of the Mexico City Metro collapsed between the Olivos and Tezonco stations in Mexico City, Mexico. At least 25 people were killed when the bridge and train fell onto the road below.

Opened in 2012, Line 12 is the newest line. Since then, the line did not seem very stable, which led to a closure during 2014 and 2015 in the raised parts, where the crash happened. The bridge was damaged by the 2017 Puebla earthquake and it was fixed in a few months. A couple of years later, local people said that there were still problems.

City of London swords

The City of London swords are five swords that the City of London has for special occasions. They are the Mourning Sword (or Black Sword), the Pearl Sword, the State Sword (or Sunday Sword), the Old Bailey Sword and the Mansion House Justice Room Sword. When the Lord Mayor goes outside the City of London sometimes he or she takes the Travelling Sword of State, which is different from the State Sword. They are kept at Mansion House, where the Lord Mayor of London lives.

The Mourning Sword is used for funerals and related events. It has also been known as the Black Sword and the Lenten Sword. The facts behind the sword's history are unclear; however, speculations have been made. "The Telegraph" says some people think it is from the 16th century and that it might have been found in the River Thames. More than one sword has been used as the Mourning Sword. 

Samuel Pepys wrote about this sword in his diary on September 1663. He is writing about talking to Anthony Bateman, who was the Lord Mayor:

Writing about that part of Pepys' diary, Henry Benjamin Wheatley says that William St John Hope says places like the City of London have had simple, black swords for this reason for a long time. He also says that the blade of the sword is old but the rest of it is newer.

In "Ceremonial Swords of Britain: State and Civic Swords" (2017), Edward Barrett says that the Mourning Sword they have now is from 1615 or 1623. It has a blade long and wide, and a hilt.

Lord Mayor Roger Gifford carried the Mourning Sword at the funeral of Margaret Thatcher in 2013. He led the Queen and Prince Philip in and out of St Paul's Cathedral. The last time it was used at a funeral before that was in 1965 for Winston Churchill. It is also used on Good Friday, feast days and the anniversary of the Great Fire of London.

The Pearl Sword is supposed to have been given to the City of London Corporation by Elizabeth I of England in 1571 when the Royal Exchange was opened. The Pearl Sword derives its name from the roughly 2,500 pearls on the scabbard. Wheatley says that Hope says it might not be from 1571, but from 1554 or 1555.

Its blade is long and wide, and it has a hilt. It weighs without the scabbard. The first of the blade have been made blue and scratched with pictures of fruit, arrows, a ship and other things. Its scabbard is from at least as long ago as 1808.

When the Queen comes to the City in State, she is met at the border between the City and Westminster, where Temple Bar used to be, by the Lord Mayor of London. He offers her the sword to touch. Before 1641, the king or queen would take the sword and keep it while they were in the City. In 1641 Charles I gave it back to the Lord Mayor instead of keeping it for himself during his travels, and from that point forward this became the new tradition. This ceremony traces its roots to 1215, when the Mayor (now the Lord Mayor) began to be elected. 

When George III became king on 22 September 1761, they had to use the Pearl Sword because someone forgot to bring the royal Sword of State.

Lord Montbatten wrote in his diary that Queen Elizabeth was going to hit Idi Amin on the head with the pearl sword if he came to her Silver Jubilee (when she had been Queen for 25 years) in 1977. She was probably joking. It was used at her Diamond Jubilee (60 years). It was also used at her 90th official birthday.

The State Sword is one half of the Sword and Mace. Thye are symbols of the authority of the Lord Mayor and the City of London Corporation. It is carried by the Sword Bearer. The mace is carried by the Serjeant-at-Arms. The City of London has had a Sword of State since before 1373. The first known sword-bearer of the City was John Blytone. He left the job in 1395. The current sword is from the middle of the 17th century. It is also called the Sunday Sword. It was made in about 1670.

The blade is long and wide. The hilt is long and it weighs without the scabbard. It used to have a blue and gold pattern on the blade but that has worn off.

Because the State Sword is so valuable, it isn't taken outside the City of London. Instead there is a Travelling State Sword. It looks the same but it is lighter and slightly longer. It was made by Wilkinson Sword in 1962 and given to the City by Lord Mayor Sir Ralph Perring. 

It was first taken out of the country to Canada in 1963 by Ralph Perring.

The Old Bailey Sword stays at the Old Bailey, which is one of the buildings of the Crown Court in London. It is on the wall behind the most senior judge. The Cutlers' Society says it was made by Richard Mathew in 1562 or 1563 and given to the City in 1563. 

It has a blade long and wide, and an hilt. It weighs without the scabbard. It has some decorations on the blade, like the Pearl Sword. The scabbard is covered with crimson (dark red) velvet and decorated with gold lace and decorative metal.

The last sword is the Mansion House Justice Room Sword. The Lord Mayor is chief magistrate of the City, so the Swordbearer's room was made into a court in 1849. That's where this sword gets its name. Its blade is long and wide. It has an hilt and weighs without the scabbard. It is from around 1830 and it might be Portuguese.

Other cities have swords similar to the City of London's swords. Bristol, Lincoln and Exeter each have four. Thirteen other places in Britain have two swords each. So does Dublin.

The swords of the Lord Mayor of Bristol are:



Nikki Fried

Nicole Heather Fried ( ; born December 13, 1977) is an American politician and lawyer. She is the 12th Florida Commissioner of Agriculture and Consumer Services since 2019. She is the first woman elected to the position, the first Democrat to hold it since 2001, and the only Democratic statewide elected official in Florida.

In June 2021, Fried announced her candidacy for Governor of Florida in the 2022 election. She lost the Democratic nomination to U.S. Representative Charlie Crist in the August 2022 primaries.

Webinar

Webinar is a term used for different teleconferencing solutions: Usually, it consists of someone holding a presentation, which other people can follow over the internet. The solution usually allows these people to interact with the speaker, for example to ask questions about the presentation. Finally, there is a means of access control, to limit who can take part.

Reggae fusion

Reggae fusion is a genre of reggae that mixes reggae or dancehall with other genres, such as pop, rock, R&B, jazz and drums and bass.

The Scorpio (movie)

The Scorpio is a 1984 Dutch thriller movie directed by Ben Verbong (who also stars) and also starring Peter Tuinman, Monique van de Ven, Adrian Brine, Henk van Ulsen, Edwin de Vries, Marijke Veugelers, Senne Rouffaer, Huub Stapel, Teddy Schaank, Ab Abspoel.

Cholecystitis

Cholecystitis is when the gallbladder gets inflamed. If it is not treated, cholecystitis can become life-threatening, such as if it results in one's gallbladder rupturing. Treating cholecystitis often involves removing the gallbladder.

After his assassination, U.S. President James A. Garfield might have had a case of cholecystitis that resulted in his condition becoming worse starting from late July 1881. The reason for this might have been that President Garfield's doctors might have accidentally injured and created a hole in his bladder while they were searching his body for his assassin Charles Guiteau's bullet.

The Girl with the Red Hair

The Girl with the Red Hair () is a 1981 Dutch World War II drama movie directed by Ben Verbong and was based on the biography novel of Hannie Schaft. It stars Renée Soutendijk, Peter Tuinman, Loes Luca, Johan Leysen, Robert Delhez, Ada Bouwman, Adrian Brine.

Taça da Liga

The Taça da Liga, commonly known outside Portugal as the Portuguese League Cup, is an association football competition. It is organised by the Liga Portuguesa de Futebol Profissional (LPFP), and is played between teams that play in the Primeira Liga and LigaPro, the top 2 divisions of Portuguese football. The Taça de Portugal winner does not qualify for European competitions.

It was established during the 2007–08 season, and became the third official competition for professional clubs in Portugal. For sponsorship reasons, it is currently known as Allianz Cup.


Barreiro, Portugal

Barreiro is a city and a municipality in the District of Setúbal in Portugal. It officially became a city in 1984.

F.C. Barreirense is the largest team in Barreiro. Portuguese international footballers like José Augusto, Fernando Chalana, and João Cancelo were born in Barreiro, as well as Dutch international Bruno Martins Indi.


Hans Horneff

Hans Horneff ( March 10, 1917 - April 30, 1995) was a German-born American movie actor who appearance in both Japanese and US movies. He spoke fluent German and English. Horneff was also a radio host for the CBS News Radio and voice actor for Hanna-Barbera Productions.

He was born in Munich, Germany to Alfred Horneff (1883-1960), a photographer for the Bayerische Staatszeitung and Lina (1892-1963), an elementary school teacher. He had three siblings, Frank (1915-1988), Gabriele (1922-2001) and Louise (1924-2013). Horneff grew up and was educated in Munich, before they immigrated to New York, after he graduated from college in 1941. Interested in stage play, Horneff got a small part in an independently produced Grade-B Western, but his show business career then crumbled due to lack of budgets. In 1940, he became a stage performer until 1942.

In 1944, Horneff moved to Century City, California and became an actor at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer where he played as a Nazi officer in many World War II movies, US Cavalry trooper, gangster, US Army personnel, news reporter and NATO defense soldier. Thereafter, he became a character actor in both movies and television series throughout the 1950s and 1960s. He also did live commentary as a radio presenter in the CBS News Radio between 1948-1957. In 1958, he married Carla Addison (1923-2006), who was a makeup artist and had two children, Calvin (1960-) & Caroline (1962-). During the early 1960s, the family moved to Tokyo on a vacation when movie producers signed him up as a foreigner character for movie studios like Toho and Toei from 1961 to 1969.

After returning to America in 1969, he worked at Hanna Barbera Production as a character voice actor. Horneff retired from acting in 1986. He died in 1995 from liver cancer in New York at the age of 76. 

Potloi (costume)

Potloi or Polloi (literally, ""final product"" or ""end product"") is a cylindrical skirt made up of thick fabric that is ornamented with sequins and mirrors. It is usually used by the Meitei Hindu brides in Meitei wedding and the dancers in the Manipuri Rasa Leela dance. Notably, it is not used by the brides in traditional (Sanamahist) Meitei wedding.

Interestingly, Radha and Chandrabali wear green potloi and red blouse whereas the Gopis wear red potloi and green blouse in the Manipuri dance.

Podolia

Podolia, also known as Podilia, is a region in Ukraine that's located south of Volhynia, north of both Moldova and Bukovina, and northwest of the Dniester River. It was a part of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth (where it had the highest population density) until the late 18th century, when it was split between Austria and Russia due to the partitions of Poland. Even afterwards, the Polish nobility continued to dominate Podolia while the peasants there were mostly Ukrainians. By the end of the 19th century, Ukrainian nationalism began spreading to Podolia. The towns of western Podolia failed to become large cities because they were overshadowed by Lviv. During the Russian Civil War, Poland, Ukraine, the White Russians, and the Bolsheviks all competed for Podolia. In the end, Podolia got divided between Poland, who got western Podolia, and the Soviet Union, who got eastern Podolia. This situation existed until World War II, when the Soviet Union conquered all of Podolia. Due to World War II, the Holocaust, and later emigration, the Jewish and Polish populations of Podolia significantly decreased. After the end of World War II, the Russian population in Podolia increased significantly. Even today, Podolia is one of the most agricultural and least industrialized parts of Ukraine.

Kingdom in the Clouds

Kingdom in the Clouds (Romanian: "Tinerețe fără bătrânețe" – literal title: "Youth Without Old Age") is a 1969 Romanian Russian fantasy movie directed by Elisabeta Bostan and starring Carmen Stănescu, Nicolae Secăreanu, Emanoil Petruț, Anna Széles, Mircea Breazu, Ioan Tugearu. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Cairo Station

Cairo Station also called The Iron Gate ( "Bāb al-Ḥadīd") is a 1958 Egyptian crime drama movie directed by Youssef Chahine (who also stars) and also starring Fariq Shawqi, Hind Rostom, Said Khalil.


The Blazing Sun (1954 movie)

The Blazing Sun (, ) is a 1954 Egyptian romantic drama movie directed by Youssef Chahine and starring Omar Sharif (in his movie debut), Faten Hamama, Zaki Rostom, Farid Shawqi.

Doris Leuthard

Doris Leuthard (born 10 April 1963) is a Swiss lawyer and politician. She was the President of the Swiss Confederation for 2010 and 2017.

Leuthard graduated from the Faculty of Law of the University of Zurich, she took language courses in Paris and Calgary. 

In 1989, she started her law practice. 

From 1991 to 2006, she worked as a lawyer.

In 1997-2000, Leuthard was a member of the parliament of the canton of Aargau. 

From 1999 to 2006, she was a member of the Swiss National Council.

Leuthard was a vice-chairman of the Christian Democratic People's Party in 2001-2004 and party chairman from 2004 to 2006.

On June 14, 2006, she was elected a member of the Federal Council and became the fifth woman in its history. 

On August 1, 2006, Leuthard headed the Federal Department of Economic Affairs. 

On November 1, 2010, she headed the Department of Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications.

In December 2008, Leuthard became Vice President of Switzerland, and in December 2009 she took a position of President.

On December 7, 2016, she was re-elected President of Switzerland.

Since 2019, Leuthard is a member of the board of the Kofi Annan Foundation.


The Angel of Mercy

The Angel of Mercy (, translit. Malak al-Rahma) is a 1946 Egyptian drama movie directed by Youssef Wahbi (who also stars) and also starring Faten Hamama, Farid Shawqi, Negma Ibrahim, Raqiya Ibrahim.

In Your Hands

In Your Hands or Bain Edik is a 1960 Egyptian romantic comedy movie directed by Youssef Chahine and starring Magda, Shukri Sarhan, Naima Wasfi, Abdel Fatah Al Kasri, Zeenat Sidqi.

Aggtelek

Aggtelek is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county.

Aggtelek is in the Hungaro-Slovakian border.

Aggtelek got a minor road heading between Szin and Sajókaza. The village also got a small road that connects Slovakia with it.

The village was already exist before the Hungarian conquest. The cave was known even that time, Csokonay and Petőfi was in it. In 1858, a fire destroyed the entire village; only the school and one residential buildings remained. In the World War II, the soviet troops ruined Aggtelek. When new mines opened near Kazincbarcika, Aggtelek got several commercial chances. In 1995, the Baradla caves become part of the UNESCO Heritage Sites.

Jean Muir

Jean Elizabeth Muir CBE FCSD (/mjʊər/ "MEWR"; 17 July 1928 – 28 May 1995) was a famous British fashion designer.

Muir was born in London. She is the daughter of Cyril Muir, a draper's floor superintendent, and his wife, Phyllis Coy. Her father was an Aberdonian, and Muir would attribute her creative fashion designer and self-discipline to this Scottish ancestry.

She was educated at the Bedford Girls' Modern School.

A. &amp; L. Tirocchi Gowns

A.& L. Tirocchi Gowns (also known as "Di Renaissance") was a business founded in 1911 in Providence, Rhode Island.

Anna (b.c. 1873) and Laura Tirocchi (b.c. 1888) were half-sisters born into a landowning family in the working-class town of Guarcino, Italy. They had different fathers. They received high-quality training in dressmaking and design in Rome, Italy where they moved with their mother.

The sisters and their business are notable. Their quarters were preserved by the family "in situ" after it closed in 1947. The contents were donated in 1989 to Rhode Island School of Design which, with Brown University and the University of Rhode Island, worked for years to inventory and catalog the records and materials. 

In 2001 the business was the subject of an exhibition at the RISD Museum. This is believed to be the most complete collection of a 20th-century custom dressmaking business in existence.

Elizabeth Keckley

Elizabeth Hobbs Keckley (sometimes spelled Keckly; February 1818 – May 1907) was a former slave who became a successful seamstress, civil activist, and author in Washington, DC, United States. 

Janet Walker

Janet Walker is a Chartered Arbitrator with offices in Toronto, Canada, London, England and Sydney, Australia. She is a Canadian scholar and author in the fields of Private International Law.

Walker holds B.A. (Hons.) and M.A. degrees from York University, an LL.B. degree from Osgoode Hall Law School and a DPhil from Oxford University. 

She is a Professor and former Associate Dean at Osgoode Hall Law School, York University, where she lectures Conflict of Laws and International Dispute Resolution and is co-director of the Osgoode Professional Development LLM Program in Civil Litigation and Dispute Resolution. She coached the Osgoode Hall team for the Willem C. Vis Moot during 2001-2014, including when they won the competition in 2004, and has sat as Arbitrator for the competition.

Carb loading

Carb loading, also known as carbo-loading, is a method athletes use to try to fill up their body with glycogen for being able to use more energy. It is done by eating a meal high in carbohydrates just right before an activity such as a long distance run. Some atheletes might not feel good from using this method.

Alice Palmer

Alice J. Palmer (born June 20, 1939) is an American educator and politician who served as a member of the Illinois Senate. Known as a longtime progressive activist, Palmer represented the state's 13th Senate District from June 6, 1991, until January 8, 1997.

Robert Lustig

Robert H. Lustig (born 1957) is an American pediatric endocrinologist. He has been known for speaking out against sugar. He has been mentioned in some articles about the bad effects of sugar. He does not believe that a calorie is a calorie.


Ryan Potter

Ryan Ken Potter (born Ryan Ken Hagimoto; September 12, 1995) is an American actor.

Potter was born in Portland, Oregon to Keiji Hagimoto and Jordanna Potter. His father is Japanese and his mother is Jewish American.


The Bus (video game)

The Bus is a bus simulation game developed by TML-Studios and published by Aerosoft. The early access version was available via Steam for Microsoft Windows on 25 March 2021.

"The Bus" is described as "the next generation of city bus driving simulation". It is set in the capital city of Germany, Berlin, featuring a scale of 1:1 recreation of the city.

Steve McKean

Stephen Ronald McKean ( – 3 May 2021) was an American-born New Zealand basketball coach. He first moved to New Zealand in 1971. He was coach of the New Zealand men's national basketball team. He also coached in the New Zealand NBL and was the league's coach of the year in 1992.

McKean was married and had a daughter. He died of cancer on 3 May 2021 in New Plymouth. He was 77.


Gyros (food)

A gyro is Greek food. It is cooked on a vertical rotisserie then thinly sliced.

Gyros are traditionally served with tzatziki in a pita bread and it can be made with pork, beef and lamb.

It is a popular fast food in Turkey, Greece and America.


Merten's yellow tree frog

Merten's yellow tree frog ("Dendropsophus robertmerntensi") is a frog that lives in Mexico. It lives on the west side of Mexico, by the Pacific Ocean, in forests and wetlands.

Magua (clothing)

The magua ( Manchu: "olbo") was a style of jacket worn by males during the Chinese Qing dynasty (1644–1911). It was designed to be worn together with the "manshi changshan" ().

It was worn by Manchu people throughout China from the reign of the Qing Shunzhi Emperor (r. 1643-1661) until the time of the Kangxi Emperor, (r. 1661-1722).

2021 Peru bus crash

On 12 April 2021, at around 7:00 am (local time) a bus of the company of “Fama Tours SA” crashed in an area with many mountains in the Pomabamba Province or Sihuas Province in the northern Ancash Region, Peru. The bus slipped and turned over. The bus was coming back from the areas of Huanchayllo and Parobamba District as it was heading to Lima. Further reasons for the crash have not yet been given. 18 people died at the location of the crash and another two people died on their way to the hospital. 14 people were injured.

Hiʻiaka (moon)

Hiʻiaka is the larger of two moons that orbit the dwarf planet Haumea, which is further away from the Sun than Neptune is.

Hiʻiaka is named after a Hawaiian goddess.

Pitch (resin)

Pitch is a type of polymer. It can be natural or man-made. It can be gotten from petroleum, coal tar, or plants. Pitch made from plants is also called resin. Some things that are made from plant resin are also known as rosin.

Pitch is very viscous. It has a viscosity approximately 230 billion times that of water. An experiment was done by the University of Queensland. The experiment is called the pitch drop experiment. In the experiment, pitch was put in a glass funnel and allowed to slowly drip out. Since the pitch was allowed to start dripping in 1930, only nine drops have fallen. The eighth drop fell on 28 November 2000, and the ninth drop fell on 17 April 2014.

Pitch was used to help caulk the seams of wooden sailing vessels. It was used to cover earthenware containers to preserve wine. Pitch may also be used to make wooden containers waterproof. It is also used in making torches that use fire.

It is used for polishing high-quality optical lenses and mirrors. Some types of pitch is used in making jewellery.

Robert, Count of Clermont

Robert, Count of Clermont was the sixth son of French King Louis IX and the younger brother of Philip III of France. In 1279, due to him suffering a head injury in his first jousting tournament, Robert became an invalid for the rest of his life. After Henry III of France was assassinated in 1589 and the House of Valois ran out of males (since females and female-line descendants of French royalty could not inherit the French throne), Henry IV of France became the first French King from the House of Bourbon due to his male-line ancestry from Robert, Count of Clermont.

Robert married Beatrice, Duchess of Bourbon and together they had a son, Louis I, Duke of Bourbon, who was the founder of the House of Bourbon through his two sons. The elder line of the House of Bourbon was made up of the Dukes of Bourbon, and it became extinct in the male line in 1527. Meanwhile, the younger line of the House of Bourbon, the House of Bourbon-La Marche–later known as the House of Bourbon-Vendome, acquired the French throne in 1589 once the House of Valois became extinct in the male line.

Destiny (1997 movie)

Destiny (, translit. "al-Maṣīr"; ) is a 1997 Egyptian French drama movie directed by Youssef Chahine and starring Nour El-Sherif, Laila Eloui, Mahmoud Hemida, Safia El Emari, Mohamed Mounir, Khaled El Nabawy.

Louis I, Duke of Bourbon

Louis I, Duke of Bourbon ("c." 1270 – "c." 1342) was a French prince, the son of Robert, Count of Clermont and Beatrice (Beatrix) of Bourbon and the grandson of Louis IX of France. The House of Bourbon is descended from him in the male line through his younger son Jacques I, Count of La Marche.

He took part in several military campaigns, including those at Courtrai (1302) and Mons-en-Pévèle (1304), and two times was put in charge of proposed crusades that never actually occurred. He became the Grand Chamberlain of France in 1310 and became the Duke of Bourbon in 1327 thanks to Charles IV of France. He had two sons, Peter I, Duke of Bourbon, and Jacques I, Count of La Marche, from whom the later French Kings from the House of Bourbon (starting from Henry IV of France in 1589) descend in the male line.

E♭ (musical note)

E♭ (E-flat; also called mi bémol) is the first note of the E♭ major scale.

The prelude to Richard Wagner's "Das Rheingold" is a famous piece of drone music that begins with a low E flat and builds to more elaborate forms of the E flat major chord. It is used in this opera to portray the motion of the river Rhine.


Yalkaparidontia

Yalkaparidon is an extinct genus of Australian marsupials, first described in 1988 and known only from the Oligo-Miocene deposits of Riversleigh, northwestern Queensland, Australia.

A detailed study on its morphology, including newly-referred tarsal material published in 2014 found that it was likely a crown group marsupial, and probably an australidelphian, but its unusual morphology made its precise placement uncertain.

Pomona (goddess)

Pomona was the Roman goddess of fruit trees, orchards, and harvests. Her name comes from the Latin word pomum, meaning "fruit."

The Haunted House (anime)

The Haunted House, also known as Shinbi Apartment ( "Sinbi Apateu"), is a South Korean animated series created and produced by Tooniverse and CJ ENM. As of 2023, The Haunted House is five seasons long.

The pilot episode aired on December 31st, 2014 on Tooniverse, titled "Shinbi Apartment Room 444". Two years later, season 1 aired from July 20th, 2016 to January 18th, 2017. The series is also streaming on Netflix and provides English, Korean, Chinese, and Spanish dubbed versions.

Two siblings living in shinbi apartments, Hari koo and doori koo meet a 102 year old goblin named shinbi. Soon with the help of goblin taffy they start to see ghosts. Soon they learn to fight them with Ghost ball and they set off on an adventure helping the ghosts who died in an unfair accident along with fellow friends, Hyun-woo, Ga-eun, Kang-lim, leon and Sarah. Another goblin named Geumbi and jubi also help them and they embark on mysterious adventures and missions.the series has five seasons. 

One day, Hari and Duri moved into Shinbi Apartment, which is famous for ghost appearances, and they suddenly start to see scary ghosts. After taking away the taffy that used to be eaten by the infamous 102-year-old green goblin Shinbi created after the 100th anniversary of the apartment, Shinbi promises to grant Hari and Duri a wish each time they successfully ascend ghosts, creating a ghost ball that can face the power of ghosts.



(고스트볼의 비밀) The first season all 24 episodes premiered on Tooniverse between July 2016 to January 2017.

(고스트볼 X의 탄생) The second season all in part 1 episode 13 but in part 2 episode is 10
The series premiered on Tooniverse between November 2017 to March 2018 and part 2 of
October 2018 to January 2019.

(고스트볼 더블 X) The third season all in part 1 episode 13 and part 2 is episode 13.
The series premiered in Tooniverse in March 2020 to ended January 2021.

(고스트볼Z) The fourth season premiered in September 2021 on Tooniverse. A new mysterious character of Kang-Lim name Guido-Hyun. Part 2 premiered in April 2022 to July 2022.

(고스트볼 ZERO) The fifth season was announced by Tooniverse and released in March 30, 2023. A new character name Chungha will appear and will become a love rival for Hari.


The Haunted House EX: The Haunted Memory (신비아파트 외전: 기억, 하리) The web drama aired on Tooniverse in 2018, and Season 2 on January 2019.

(연애공식 구하리) The drama is exclusive with the Ghost Signal game, premiere on January to April 2020 on Tooniverse.

NOTE: "Tooniverse" announced having planned this video game will creating in other games, in case most first created a video game called Getcha Ghost-The Haunted House.





Bedkot Municipality

Bedkot Municipality is in Kanchanpur District of Sudurpashchim Province, Nepal.

Suda village development committee is located in , the district main office of district in the Mahakali Zone under the Far Western Province of Nepal. The entire area falling within the total area of is the proposed Bedkot municipality, 13 km from the district headquarters of Kanchanpur. It is a developing area up to the east, including Highway and Road. It is located on the east by Shuklaphata Wildlife Sanctuary, Arjuni Post (Jhalari Pipladi Municipality), on the west by Bhimdatta Municipality, on the north by Chure Range (Dadeldhura District) and on the south by Shuklaphanta Reserve. 

This N.P. Inside, educational development, drinking water, health, communication, agriculture, transport and electricity as well as four regional offices related to agriculture are being developed and initiatives are also being taken in the industrial sector. The huge, clean and beautiful Bedkot Lake, Vand Lake, Siddha Sarovar , , Old Age Home, Shivalingakruti Bhamkeshwar Mahadev in the middle of the Chure range in the northern part of this municipality can be the main source of development if managed as a religious tourist area. 


McStroke

"McStroke" is the 8th episode of "Family Guy"s 6th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on January 13, 2008. It was written by Wellesley Wild. Brian Iles is the director of the episode. The episode is about Peter Griffin having a stroke after eating too many hamburgers.

Peter wants to get a mustache after reading a magazine about them. He gets one and thinks that he is a better person. He walks by a restaurant and sees it burning. A firefighter sees Peter's mustache and thinks he is also a firefighter. Peter goes in the restaurant and rescues the manager, but his mustache burns off. The manager gives him a big supply of burgers. Peter is sad that his mustache burned off, so he eats many burgers to feel better. He gets a stroke that paralyzes half of his body. He gets cured at a place for stem cell research. He ties to sue the restaurant, but he loses at a trial because he does not have any evidence. 

Peter and Brian go to the restaurant's headquarters. They take a tour of the place to try to find evidence. They find a slaughterhouse with a talking cow in it. The cow talks about how the restaurant has harmed many other cows. Peter and Brian help the cow leave the headquarters while security guards run after them. The cow makes a public speech that makes the restaurant look bad.

Stewie makes a bet to Brian that he will be the most popular kid in a high school. He gets a teenage girlfriend and wins the bet. He tries to have sexual intercourse with his girlfriend, but she laughs at him for having a small penis. On the next day, Stewie gets bullied for his small penis. He gets his girlfriend arrested by telling people she is a pedophile.

"McStroke" was written by Wellesley Wild and Brian Iles is the director of the episode. The episode was broadcast while Seth MacFarlane (creator of "Family Guy") was in the 2007–08 Writers Guild of America strike. MacFarlane worked on writing and voice acting before the strike. He did not help work on the episode after that. Ralph Garman, Max Burkholder, Lisa Wilhoit, Alex Breckenridge, Denis Martel, Ricardo Montalban, and Phil LaMarr are guest stars in the episode.

The episode was watched by about 11.50 million viewers when it was first broadcast.

Ashan Haque from IGN said that the episode was "much more entertaining" than a regular episode of "Family Guy". Robert Pierson from The TV Critic thought that the jokes in the episode were "pretty good". Pierson said that the writing of the stories was bad, but not annoying. Brad Trechak from TV Squad said that the episode had "really good ideas", but thought that the writing was not good. Trechak thought that the Writers Guild of America strike made the quality of the episode worse. Genevieve Koski from "The A.V. Club" thought that the episode did not have much organization, but said there were some good jokes. The Parents Television Council called it the "Worst TV Show of the Week" because of the story with Stewie and his teenager girlfriend. Tom Eames from "Digital Spy" thought the episode "made strokes funny" and said it was "A farce of an episode, but in a good way."

U.S. economic performance under Democratic and Republican presidents

Historically, the United States economy did better on average when Democrats were US President than when Republicans were US President. This was certainly true over the last several decades. The reasons for this are uncertain and debated. Ten of the 11 US recessions between 1953 and 2020 began under Republican US Presidents.

"Job creation" refers to the number of net jobs added, which the Bureau of Labor Statistics reports on a monthly basis. 
Journalist Glenn Kessler of "The Washington Post" summarized the total job creation by US President. For the 13 US Presidents starting from Harry Truman, total job creation was about 70.5 million for the 7 Democratic US Presidents and 29.1 million for the 6 Republican US Presidents. The Democratic US Presidents were in office for a total of 429 months, with 164,000 jobs per month added on average, while the Republican US Presidents were in office for 475 months, with a 61,000 jobs added per month average. This monthly average rate was 2.4 times faster under Democratic US Presidents.

Former President Bill Clinton said in 2012 that since 1961, Democratic US Presidents produced 42 million jobs in 24 years while Republicans produced 24 million jobs in 28 years.

Economists Alan Blinder and Mark Watson said that, for the 1949-2012 time period, annual job growth was 2.6% for Democratic US Presidents and 1.2% for Republican US Presidents.

GDP is a measure of both economic production and income. "The Economist" reported in August 2014 that real (inflation-adjusted) GDP growth was about 1.8% greater under Democratic US Presidents, from Truman up to Obama's first term, which ended in January 2013. Blinder and Watson calculated the average Democratic real GDP growth rate as 4.3%, vs. 2.5% for Republicans, from President Truman's elected term up to President Obama's first term, which ended January 2013. "CNN" said in September 2020 that annual average GDP growth was 4.1% under Democratic US Presidents and 2.5% under Republican US Presidents.

The "New York Times" said in February 2021 that since 1933, annual average GDP growth was 4.6% under Democratic US Presidents and 2.4% under Republican US Presidents.

Blinder and Watson found that the US unemployment rate fell under Democratic Presidents by an average of 0.8%, while it increased under Republican Presidents by an average of 1.1%. Journalist Andrew Soergel wrote in "U.S. News & World Report" in October 2015 that ever since John F. Kennedy's Presidency, the unemployment rate was lower at the end of every Democrat's Presidency than at the start of it whereas this is only true for Ronald Reagan among Republican US Presidents during the same time period. (Soergel's statement here is slightly wrong since the US unemployment rate was exactly the same–at 7.5%–at both the start and the end of Democrat Jimmy Carter's Presidency.)

Blinder and Watson reported that budget deficits were smaller under Democratic US Presidents, at 2.1% potential GDP versus 2.8% potential GDP for Republican US Presidents, a difference of about 0.7%. They wrote that higher budget deficits should in theory have boosted the economy more for Republicans, and therefore cannot explain the greater GDP growth under Democrats.

Stock market returns are also higher under Democratic US Presidents ever since 1945, according to both CNN and Blinder and Watson.

CNN reported in October 2020 that 10 of the last 11 recessions began under Republican US Presidents, and that “Every Republican president since Benjamin Harrison, who was in office from 1889 to 1893, had a recession start in their first term in office.” NBER reports the start date of recessions; the following list includes the President in office at that time and their party:

Blinder and Watson calculated that the US economy was in recession for 49 quarters from 1949-2013; 8 of these quarters were under Democratic US Presidents and 41 of these quarters were under Republican US Presidents.

During a March 2004 interview, future Republican US President Donald Trump stated: "It just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats than the Republicans."

Journalist David Leonhardt wrote in the New York Times that economists he interviewed were unsure about the causes of the better economic performance under Democratic US Presidents. However, one proposed cause was that Democratic US Presidents were, on average, more pragmatic than Republican US Presidents were. Random good luck and the condition of the US economy at the start of US Presidents' terms have also been suggested as possible causes of this due to the fact that it's easier for an economy to grow rapidly and create a lot of jobs right after a recession as opposed to after a very long period of economic growth and strong job creation.

The table below compares various economic data for Democratic and Republican US Presidents, using the Blinder & Watson data (typically Truman's elected term through Obama's first term). 

James I, Count of La Marche

James I, Count of La Marche (1319 – 6 April 1362) was a French prince, the younger son of Louis I, Duke of Bourbon and the younger brother of Peter I, Duke of Bourbon. He was killed in 1362 at the Battle of Brignais, during the Hundred Years' War between the House of Plantagenet (which ruled over England and parts of France) and the House of Valois (which ruled over most of France). He was the father of John I, Count of La Marche, who married Catherine of Vendome and together had a son named Louis, Count of Vendome. James is also the male-line ancestor of Henry IV of France, the first French King from the House of Bourbon.

Pitch Lake

The Pitch Lake is the largest natural deposit of asphalt in the world. It is estimated to contain 10 million tons of asphalt. It can be found in La Brea in southwest Trinidad, inside the Siparia Regional Corporation. The lake covers about 100 acres (0,405 square kilometres). The lake is 250 feet (76,2 metres) deep.

The Pitch Lake has been very interesting to explorers and scientists. It was re-discovered by Sir Walter Raleigh in his expedition there in 1595. Raleigh himself used the asphalt to caulk his ship. The native Amerindians told Raleigh where he can find the lake. The native Amerindians had their own story about where the lake came from. The story goes that the people living there were celebrating a victory over a rival tribe when they got carried away in their celebration. They then cooked and ate the sacred hummingbird which they believed possessed the souls of their ancestors. According to legend, their winged God punished them by opening the earth and calling the pitch lake to swallow the entire village. So, the lake became a reminder of their sins. The local villages believe this legend because found many Amerindian artifacts and a skull that have been discovered and preserved, in the pitch.

In 1887, Amzi Barber, an American businessman known as "The Asphalt King", got a 42-year monopoly concession from the British Government for the Pitch Lake for his company, Barber Asphalt Paving Co. It was from the Pitch Lake that many of the first asphalt roads of New York City, Washington D.C., and other Eastern U.S. cities were paved.

Operational transformation

In computer science, operational transformation is a technique in building collaborative software systems.

Collaboration systems using operational transformations typically use replicated document storage where each user has their own copy of the document. Users operate on their own local copies. Their changes are then pushed to the rest of the users. When a user receives the changes pushed from another user, they typically transform the changes before executing them.

 The idea of operational transformation is to transform (or adjust) the variables of an editing operation according to the effects of previously executed operations so that the transformed operation can achieve the correct effect and maintain document consistency.

Operational transformation can be shown by using the example of a text editing scenario. Given a text document with a string "abc" replicated at two collaborating sites; and two concurrent operations:


generated by two users at sites one and two, suppose the two operations are executed in the order of O1 and O2 (at site one). After executing O1, the document becomes "xabc". To execute O2 after O1, O2 must be transformed against O1 to become: O2' = Delete[3, "c"], whose position variable is incremented by one due to the insertion of one character "x" by O1. Executing O2' on "xabc" deletes the correct character "c" and the document becomes "xab". However, if O2 is executed without transformation, it incorrectly deletes character "b" rather than "c".


J. Martin Hunter

J. Martin Hunter (1937 – 9 October 2021) was a British lawyer specializing in arbitration. He was an emeritus professor at Nottingham Trent University.

Hunter attended The Pilgrims' School, Winchester, then the Shrewsbury School. He attended National Military Service, then studied at Pembroke College, Cambridge. He holds bachelor of arts (Law) from the University of Cambridge.

Hunter was an articled clerk at Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer. After studied at the College of Law, London, he became an associate at Freshfields and a partner. He also became a member of the International Bar Association in 1967.

Martin died on 9 October 2021 at the age of 84.

Markiyan Malsky

Markiyan Markiyanovych Malsky (; born 11 December 1984) is a Ukrainian politician. He is a former Governor of Lviv Oblast (from 5 July till 26 December 2019).

Malsky holds master's degree in International Economic Relations from the University of Lviv and Master of Law diplomas. He also studied at Stockholm University (Sweden) (LL.M. in international commercial arbitration, magna cum laude) and at the World Trade Institute (Bern, Switzerland) (Master of International Law and Economics, summa cum laude). In 2012, he received a PhD in Law from the Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv. He Obtained PhD hab. degree in Law in September 2020.


Hadiza Isma El-Rufai

Hadiza Isma El-Rufai (born June 21, 1960) is a Nigerian writer and wife to the current governor of Kaduna State, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai. 

El-Rufai has a Bachelor's degree and Master's degree in architecture. She also has a MBA from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria. She also has a Masters in Creative Writing from Bath Spa University, England.

Stephen M. Schwebel

Stephen Myron Schwebel (born March 10, 1929), is an American jurist, counsel and independent arbitrator. He serves as Judge of the World Bank Administrative Tribunal and as a member of the U.S. national group at the Permanent Court of Arbitration.

Gilbert Guillaume

Gilbert Guillaume (born 4 December 1930) is a French jurist. He served as Judge of the International Court of Justice be and served as its president between. 

Guillaume was born in Bois-Colombes. He is member of the Académie des Sciences Morales et Politiques. 

Power Play

Power Play is a 2003 American action film directed by Joseph Zito. Some action scenes were filmed in the city of Curitiba, Brazil.


Archezoa

Archezoa was a kingdom in taxonomy, which is the system that scientists use to put living things in groups. Thomas Cavalier-Smith said taxonomy should have a kingdom called Archezoa, which would contain some living things that have organelles in their cells. Scientists stopped using Archezoa after they learned more about those living things.

Jacques d'Amboise (dancer)

Jacques d'Amboise (born Joseph Jacques Ahearn, July 28, 1934 – May 2, 2021) was an American ballet dancer, choreographer, actor and educator. He began working for the New York City Ballet in 1949 and was named principal dancer in 1953. He also starred in "Seven Brides for Seven Brothers" and "Carousel".

D'Amboise founded the National Dance Institute in 1976 to promote dance to children. He received the MacArthur Fellowship in 1990, the Kennedy Center Honors in 1995 and the National Medal of Arts in 1998.

D'Amboise died at his home in Manhattan on May 2, 2021 from problems caused by a stroke, at the age of 86.

Rulers of ancient Manipur before Nongta Lailen Pakhangpa

There is a well established chronology of the reigns of rulers in Ancient Manipur (Ancient Kangleipak) before the reign of Emperor Nongda Lairen Pakhangba () of the Ningthouja dynasty, that is before 33 AD. According to ancient sources, Nongta Lailen Pakhangpa fought fierce battles against the Khaba-Nganba dynasty to win over the sacred city of Kangla in Ancient Manipur.

There is a genealogy of ten successive foremost rulers in ancient Manipur kingdom. 

After the reigns of these ten kings, there is a great historical gap, from 1199 BC to 44 BC.

After this, the reign of Nongta Lailen Pakhangpa started from 33 AD, with the annexation of the Kangla by the Ningthouja dynasty.

The present day game polo was originally developed from the traditional Sagol Kangjei game, which was invented by King Ningthou Kangba (1405 BC- 1359 BC).

During the reign of Maliyapham Palcha (aka. Mariyafambalcha) (1359 BC- 1329 BC), the present day Meitei calendar was invented and developed in a systematic way for public usage.

During the reign of Poireiton, a semi-historical and semi-mythical ruler, there were much advancements in the civilization.

Shavkat Mirziyoyev

Shavkat Miromonovich Mirziyoyev (Uzbek Latin: "Shavkat Miromonovich (Miromon o‘g‘li) Mirziyoyev", Uzbek Cyrillic: "Шавкат Миромонович (Миромон ўғли) Мирзиёев"; born 24 July 1957) is an Uzbek politician. He has been the President of Uzbekistan and Supreme Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Uzbekistan since 2016.

Following the death of President Islam Karimov, he was appointed by the Supreme Assembly as interim president of Uzbekistan on 8 September 2016. In October 2021, Shavkat Mirziyoyev was re-elected President of Uzbekistan.

President of Uzbekistan

The President of the Republic of Uzbekistan () is the head of state and executive authority in Uzbekistan. The office of President was created in 1991, replacing the position of Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Uzbek SSR.

The president is directly elected for a term of five years, by citizens of Uzbekistan who have reached 18 years of age.

Persian pop

P-pop (abbreviation: Persian pop) or Iranian pop refers to a popular contemporary music in the Iran born from the Iranian genre. With its beginnings in the 1920s, P-pop is a growing genre. It stems from a broader genre, Indian pop.

Prime Minister of Uzbekistan

This is a list of prime ministers of Uzbekistan (), from the creation of the office in 1925 to the present day.

The current prime minister, Abdulla Aripov, assumed the office on 14 December 2016.

Abdulhashim Mutalov

Abdulxashim Mutalov (born February 14, 1947) is an Uzbekistani politician. He was the 1st Prime Minister of Uzbekistan from January 1992 to December 1995.

Abdulla Aripov

Abdulla Nigmatovich Aripov (, ; born 24 May 1961) is an Uzbekistani politician. He is the Prime Minister of Uzbekistan, in office since 14 December 2016. Aripov is a member of the Uzbekistan Liberal Democratic Party. He was Deputy Prime Minister from 2002 to 2012 and again in 2016.

Nigmatilla Yuldashev

Nigmatilla Tulkinovich Yuldashev (, "Nigʻmatilla Toʻlqinovich Yoʻldoshev"; ; born 5 November 1962) is an Uzbek lawyer and politician. He was Chairman of the Senate of Uzbekistan from 2015 until 2019. He was Minister of Justice from 2011 to 2015. In 2016, he was the acting President of Uzbekistan for a short time period.

Gulnara Karimova

Gulnara Islamovna Karimova (Cyrillic Uzbek: ; , ; born 8 July 1972) is an Uzbekistani diplomat and the elder daughter of Islam Karimov, the leader of Uzbekistan from 1989 to his death in 2016. 

Karimova is the founder of the Forum of Culture and Arts of Uzbekistan Foundation. Many believed that she would have replaced her father as President of Uzbekistan, however, after 2013, Gulnara had conflict with her father, and she began to rapidly lose influence in Uzbekistan.

Karimova was placed under house arrest in Tashkent, Uzbekistan in November 2014 because of money laundering.

Lola Karimova-Tillyaeva

Lola Karimova-Tillyaeva (born July 3, 1978) is an Uzbek diplomat and philanthropist. She is the younger daughter of former Uzbekistan President Islam Karimov and his wife, Tatyana Akbarovna Karimova. Her older sister is Uzbek diplomat and business mogul Gulnara Karimova. From 2007 until 2018, she was the Permanent Representative of Uzbekistan to UNESCO.

President of Tajikistan

The president of Tajikistan is the head of state and the highest position within the Government of Tajikistan. The position of President was created in November 1990 while Tajikistan was still a Soviet Republic. The president of Tajikistan lives in the capital, Dushanbe.

Rahmon Nabiyev

Rahmon Nabiyevich Nabiyev (, alternative spelling Rakhmon Nabiev; 5 October 1930 – 11 April 1993) is the Tajik politician. He was the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Tajikistan from 1982 to 1985 and twice as the 2nd President of Tajikistan from 23 September 1991 to 6 October 1991 and from 2 December 1991 to 7 September 1992.

Prime Minister of Tajikistan

The prime minister of Tajikistan is the title held by the head of government of Tajikistan. After the president, the prime minister is second most powerful person of the country.

Romani people in Romania

Romani people in Romania are Romanian citizens who are of Romani descent. The Roma are one of Romania's largest minorities. The Roma are the second largest ethnic group in Romania after Hungarians. According to the 2011 census, 621,573 Roma lived in Romania. They constitute 3.08% of the total Romanian population. The Turkish speaking Muslim Xoraxane Roma, lives in Dobruja and made 1,8% of the population

Akbar Mirzoyev

Akbar Mirzoyev (born February 15, 1939) is a Tajikistani politician. He was the Prime Minister of Tajikistan between January 9, 1992, and September 21, 1992.

Romani people in Hungary

Romani people in Hungary (also known as Hungarian Roma or Romani Hungarians or Hungarian Gypsy; or "magyar cigányok") are Hungarian citizens who are of Romani descent. According to the 2011 census, they make up 3.18% of the total population in Hungary, which makes them the largest minority in the country, various estimations have put the number of Romani people as high as 12% of the total population.

Romani people in Spain

About 725,000-750,000 Romani individuals live in Spain. They are concentrated in Andalusia, Catalonia, Valencia, and Madrid. They are 1.5% of Spain’s population. Flamenco is associated with Spanish Roma.

Jamshed Karimov

Jamshid Khilolovich Karimov (Tajik: Ҷамшед Хилолович Каримов, ; born August 4, 1940) is a Tajikistani politician. He was the Prime Minister of Tajikistan between December 2, 1994 and February 8, 1996. He is a cousin of former President of Uzbekistan, Islam Karimov. 

From June 20, 1997 to 2002 he was Tajik Ambassador to China. He was born in Dushanbe.

Oqil Oqilov

Oqil Ghaybulloyevich Oqilov (, "Oqil Ghaybulloyevich Oqilov"; ; born 2 February 1944) is a Tajikistani politician. He was the Prime Minister of Tajikistan from 20 December 1999 to 23 November 2013. He is a member of the People's Democratic Party of Tajikistan.


Romani people in Canada

The Romani people in Canada are citizens of Canada who are of Romani descent. According to the 2011 Census there were 5,255 Canadians who claimed Romani (Gypsy) ancestry.

Kokhir Rasulzoda

Abduqohir Abdurasulovich Nazirov (; born 8 March 1959) is a Tajik politician who is serving as the Prime Minister of Tajikistan since 23 November 2013. He is a member of the People's Democratic Party of Tajikistan.

Vernalossom

, formerly , is a Japanese talent agency, headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. The company is involved in various entertainment-related activities, including music, film and merchandise production.
Steve McMichael

Stephen Douglas" ""Mongo"" "McMichael (born October 17, 1957) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League (NFL), former professional wrestler, commentator, and head coach.

McMichael played college football for the University of Texas at Austin, and was an All-American. He played for the New England Patriots, Chicago Bears, and Green Bay Packers, winning Super Bowl XX with the Bears in January 1986. During his professional wrestling career, McMichael was known for his time in World Championship Wrestling (WCW). 

From 2007 to 2013, McMichael was the head coach of the Chicago Slaughter. In 2013, he finished second in his campaign for mayor of Romeoville, Illinois.

In April 2021, McMichael announced that he was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).

Romeoville, Illinois

Romeoville is a village in Will County, Illinois, United States. The village is located southwest of Chicago and is a Chicago suburb. The population was 39,863 in 2020.

Lynn Conway

Lynn Ann Conway (born January 2, 1938) is an American computer scientist, electrical engineer, inventor, and transgender activist.
She worked at IBM in the 1960s. She is known for her invention of generalized dynamic instruction handling. She is also widely-known for the Mead & Conway revolution.

Born a male, Conway transitioned into a woman. After IBM found out about this, she was fired in 1968. In 2020, IBM apologized for firing Conway.

Carver Mead

Carver Andress Mead (born May 1, 1934) is an American scientist and engineer. He currently holds the position of Gordon and Betty Moore Professor Emeritus of Engineering and Applied Science at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech). He taught there for over 40 years. He is known for his works with Lynn Conway.

Ann Bannon

Ann Weldy (born September 15, 1932), better known by her pen name Ann Bannon, is an American author. She is known for writing six lesbian pulp fiction novels known as "The Beebo Brinker Chronicles". The books talked about lesbian identity and she became known as the "Queen of Lesbian Pulp Fiction". 

Star City, Russia

Star City is an area in the Russian city of Moscow.

Natalia Poklonskaya

Natalia Vladimirovna Poklonskaya (; ; born 18 March 1980) is a Russian politician. She is a Deputy of the State Duma of Russia, deputy chairman of the State Duma Committee on Foreign Affairs since 18 September 2016.

Nikita Mikhalkov

Nikita Sergeyevich Mikhalkov (; born 21 October 1945) is a Russian filmmaker, actor, and head of the Russian Cinematographers' Union. He was nominated for the Academy Award (1993) for the movie "Close to Eden". He won an Academy Award (1995) for Best Foreign Language Film and the Grand Prix of the Cannes Film Festival (1994) for the movie "Burnt by the Sun".

In 1996, he was the head of the jury at the 46th Berlin International Film Festival.


2019 in Angola

Events in the year 2019 in Angola.





Black Adam (movie)

Black Adam is a 2022 American superhero movie based on the DC Comics character of the same name. It is produced by DC Films, New Line Cinema, Seven Bucks Productions, and FlynnPictureCo., and set for distribution by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is directed by Jaume Collet-Serra and written by Adam Sztykiel and Rory Haines & Sohrab Noshirvani.

The movie is a spin-off from "Shazam!" (2019) and the eleventh movie in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). The movie stars Dwayne Johnson as Teth-Adam / Black Adam alongside Noah Centineo, Aldis Hodge, Sarah Shahi, Quintessa Swindell, and Pierce Brosnan.

"Black Adam" released in the United States on October 21, 2022.

In 2600 BC, the tyrannical king of Kahndaq, Ahk-Ton, creates the Crown of Sabbac, which gives the wearer great power. After attempting to stage a revolt, a young slave boy is given the powers of Shazam by the Council of Wizards, transforming him into Kahndaq's heroic champion, who kills Ahk-Ton and ends his reign.

In the present day, Kahndaq is oppressed by the Intergang. Archaeologist and resistance fighter Adrianna Tomaz tries to locate the Crown of Sabbac with the help of her brother Karim and their colleagues Samir and Ishmael. As Adrianna obtains the crown, Intergang ambushes them, and Samir is killed. Adrianna reads an incantation that awakens Teth-Adam, whom she believes to be Kahndaq's champion, from a slumber. Adam slaughters most of the Intergang troops. US government official Amanda Waller deems Adam a threat and contacts the Justice Society—Hawkman, Doctor Fate, Cyclone, and Atom Smasher—to take him into custody. The Justice Society arrives in time to stop Adam from causing further destruction to Kahndaq and Intergang's troops, before explaining to Adrianna that Adam was not a savior who was entombed, but a madman who was imprisoned.

Ishmael reveals himself as the leader of Intergang in Kahndaq and chases Adrianna's teenage son Amon, who has stolen the crown. Adam, Adrianna, and the Justice Society intend to use the crown to trade for Amon. They reach Ishmael, who reveals that he is the last descendant of King Ahk-Ton and, wanting his rightful place on the throne, demands the crown, which Adrianna willingly gives to save Amon's life. Ishmael betrays his part of the deal and shoots at Amon, and Adam, trying to save Amon, loses control and destroys the hideout with his power, killing Ishmael and wounding Amon. Guilt-ridden, Adam flees to the ruins of Ahk-Ton's palace, where he reveals to Hawkman that the legends of Kahndaq's champion were told incorrectly; it was Adam's son Hurut who was granted the powers of Shazam and became Kahndaq's champion. Knowing that Hurut was invincible, Ahk-Ton's assassins were instructed to execute Hurut's family, including Adam and Hurut's mother. Hurut gave Adam his powers to save his life, and Ahk-Ton's assassins immediately killed the de-powered Hurut. An enraged Adam slaughtered all of the king's men and inadvertently destroyed Kahndaq's palace. He was subsequently deemed unworthy by the Council of Wizards and imprisoned within the Rock of Eternity.

Feeling incapable of becoming a true hero, Adam surrenders. The Justice Society takes him to a secret Task Force X black site, where Fate has a premonition of Hawkman's impending death. As the Justice Society returns to the city, they realize Ishmael intentionally made Adam kill him while he was wearing the Crown of Sabbac, having shot at Amon so that he could be damned to Hell and reborn as the champion of the six demons of Sabbac, arising from the underworld to claim his throne and the power held within.

Sabbac summons the Legions of Hell to terrorize Kahndaq, but Amon, Adrianna, and Karim rally the people to repel them. The Justice Society prepares to face Sabbac in Ahk-Ton's ruins, but Fate creates a magical force field that prevents Hawkman, Cyclone, and Smasher from entering. He reveals that Hawkman's death can be avoided with his own sacrifice. Fate fights Sabbac alone and uses an astral projection to release Adam after talking to him in his cryo sleep. Sabbac then kills Fate, causing the force field to disappear, and allowing the others to fight. Just as Sabbac is about to kill the Justice Society, Adam arrives and engages him. With aid from Hawkman using Fate's helmet, Adam kills Sabbac. The Justice Society departs on good terms with Adam, who accepts his new role as the protector of Kahndaq and adopts a new name, Black Adam.

In a mid-credits scene, Waller communicates with Adam and warns him against leaving Kahndaq, before Superman arrives and suggests that they should talk.

Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara

Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara (; ) is a 2011 Indian Hindi-language buddy road comedy drama movie directed by Zoya Akhtar and produced by Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani of Excel Entertainment. The movie features an ensemble cast consisting of Hrithik Roshan, Abhay Deol, Farhan Akhtar, Katrina Kaif, and Kalki Koechlin. It was filmed in Spain, India, Egypt, and the United Kingdom on a budget of . The music and score were composed by Shankar–Ehsaan–Loy with lyrics by Javed Akhtar.

"Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara" was worldwide released in 1,800 screens on July 15, 2011. It was a critical and commercial success that grossed and received critical acclaim for its performances, story, music, humour, and direction. After its theatrical run, the movie was nominated for and won several awards, including two National Film Awards.


The Flash (movie)

The Flash is an American superhero movie based on the DC Comics character of the same name. It is produced by DC Films, The Disco Factory, and Double Dream, and set for distribution by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is set in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU).

The movie is directed by Andy Muschietti from a screenplay by Christina Hodson. It stars Ezra Miller as Barry Allen / The Flash alongside Ben Affleck, Michael Keaton, Sasha Calle, Kiersey Clemons, Maribel Verdú, and Ron Livingston. In "The Flash", Allen travels back in time to prevent his mother's murder, which causes many problems.

The movie is inspired by the comic book storyline "Flashpoint", featuring multiple DC Comics characters including Affleck and Keaton as different versions of Batman.

"The Flash" was released in the United States on June 23, 2023.


Additionally, Saoirse-Monica Jackson and Rudy Mancuso have been cast in undisclosed roles. Temuera Morrison, who plays Aquaman's father Thomas Curry will also appear in the movie.

Farhan Akhtar

Farhan Akhtar (born 9 January 1974) is an Indian actor, director, screenwriter, playback singer, producer, and television host who works in Hindi films. Born in Mumbai to screenwriters Javed Akhtar and Honey Irani, he grew up under the influence of the Hindi film industry. He began his career in Bollywood by working as an assistant director in "Lamhe" (1991) and "Himalay Putra" (1997).

Akhtar directed his first film, "Dil Chahta Hai" (2001) and received critical acclaim for portraying modern youth in the film, which won the National Award for Best Hindi Film the next year. Following this success, he directed the cult war film "Lakshya" (2004) and had his Hollywood debut through the soundtrack of "Bride and Prejudice" (2004), for which he and sister Zoya Akhtar served as lyricists. Next came the commercial successful "Don" (2006), his third directorial venture, post which he directed a short film titled "Positive" (2007) to spread awareness on HIV-AIDS.

Although he initially started his acting career with a delayed release in the Anand Surapur-directed drama "The Fakir of Venice", Akhtar made his official screen debut with "Rock On!!" (2008) for which he won a second National Award for Best Feature Film in Hindi as producer, and indulged in further experimentation with Zoya's directorial debut "Luck By Chance" (2009) and the Vijay Lalwani-directed "Karthik Calling Karthik" (2010), before he wrote the dialogues and served as producer for the critical and commercial success "Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara" (2011) starring him in a leading role, which won him 4 Filmfare Awards, including Best Supporting Actor. The same year, after directing a sequel to "Don" titled "Don 2" (2011), which remains his highest-grossing film till date, he achieved further success by portraying Milkha Singh in the 2013 film "Bhaag Milkha Bhaag", earning him the Filmfare Award for Best Actor. Later, he received praise for starring in Zoya's ensemble comedy-drama "Dil Dhadakne Do" (2015) and Bejoy Nambiar's crime thriller "Wazir" (2016).

Don (2006 Hindi movie)

Don, also known as Don: The Chase Begins Again, is a 2006 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Farhan Akhtar. The film was produced by Ritesh Sidhwani and Akhtar's production company Excel Entertainment. The film stars Shah Rukh Khan and Priyanka Chopra, with Arjun Rampal, Kareena Kapoor, Boman Irani, Isha Koppikar, and Om Puri appearing in supporting roles. "Don" is a remake of the 1978 film of the same name starring Amitabh Bachchan. The soundtrack was composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, with lyrics by Javed Akhtar.

The film was released on 20 October 2006, during the Diwali festive season, on the same day as "Jaan-E-Mann" starring Salman Khan, Akshay Kumar and Preity Zinta. It was generally well received by critics, with praise for Khan and Chopra's performances, the action sequences, music, production design, and cinematography. A major commercial success, "Don" grossed over 1.06 billion at the box-office against a production and marketing budget of 400 million and was the fifth highest-grossing Indian film of 2006. The film also received nine nominations at the 52nd Filmfare Awards, including Best Film and Best Actor for Shahrukh Khan. A sequel entitled "Don 2" was released on 23 December 2011.

The illegal drug trade based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia is booming. A team headed by Deputy Commissioner of Police De Silva targets the operations of cartel leader Singhania to capture his manager, Mark Donald (aka Don). Singhania is one of the two lieutenants of a deceased kingpin, known as Boris; the other is Vardhaan.

Don kills Ramesh, one of his close associates, after he tries to leave the gang. Ramesh's fiancée Kamini decides to help the police. She uses herself as bait in an attempt to trap him, but Don, knowing of her plan, kills her.

Roma, Ramesh's sister, plans to avenge her brother and sister-in-law's deaths, and infiltrates Don's gang. Don is injured and falls into a coma while trying to flee from the police. De Silva finds a look-alike named Vijay and asks him to join his mission. Vijay agrees when De Silva promises to admit Deepu, a boy Vijay takes care of, to school. Meanwhile, Jasjit, an information technologist and Deepu's father, is released from prison. He plans to kill De Silva to avenge his own wife's death. Several years ago, Jasjit was captured by an unknown assailant who made a deal with him in order to save his kidnapped wife. However, De Silva caught him and refused to believe Jasjit, shooting him in the leg and giving him a permanent limp. Jasjit's wife died shortly after his arrest.

At the hospital, a doctor gives Vijay scars identical to Don's. When Don suddenly dies after the operation, the masquerade begins. Vijay, posing as Don, joins the gang. De Silva asks Vijay to find a computer disc containing details about the drug cartel. When Vijay finds it, Roma attempts to kill him, but De Silva tells her of Don's real identity, and she agrees to help. Vijay hands over the disc to De Silva. De Silva murders Singhania, and the police arrest Vijay. De Silva is killed in the shootout, devastating Vijay, as De Silva was the only person who could prove that he is not the real Don. Having discovered his true identity, Don's associates turn against him. Vijay escapes and meets with Roma to recover the disc and prove his innocence.

Jasjit finds the disc in De Silva's apartment. He receives a call and is told that he will have to bring the disc to the men who are holding Deepu hostage. He learns that De Silva has been alive all along and is actually Vardhaan, Boris's other lieutenant, who was using Vijay to reach Singhania. Jasjit reunites with Deepu and teams up with Vijay and Roma. The trio comes up with a plan and informs Interpol.

In combat, Vijay overpowers Vardhan but is interrupted by Inspector Vishal Malik, who has Vardhaan arrested. Vijay is acquitted, and Roma confesses her love for him. Too late, she realises, in a twist ending, that she was being toyed with: Don is alive and was pretending to be Vijay all along. At the hospital, Don had overheard Vardhaan and Vijay's plan. After Vijay's operation, Don switched places with him and injected an overdose of diazepam in Vijay's glucose stream, causing him to die and making the doctors think it was Don who died. The disc Don gave to the police was fake. Now, with both Vardhaan and Singhania removed, Don becomes the master of the Asian drug cartel.

Don 2

Don 2 (also known as Don: The King Is Back) is a 2011 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film written, co-produced and directed by Farhan Akhtar. It is the second installment in the "Don series". Jointly produced by Excel Entertainment and Red Chillies Entertainment, the film stars Shah Rukh Khan, Priyanka Chopra, Lara Dutta, Om Puri, Boman Irani and Kunal Kapoor. This film is a sequel to the 2006 film "Don". The film's music was composed by Shankar–Ehsaan–Loy, while Javed Akhtar wrote the lyrics. Jason West served as the film's cinematographer and Ritesh Soni was its editor.

"Don 2" was released on 23 December 2011. The film had a mixed to positive reception from critics, receiving praise for the cast's performance, cinematography, production design, and action sequences. However, its pace and music received criticism. With a box office gross of over , "Don 2" was a big box office success. At the time of its release, the film was one of the highest-grossing Indian films of all time and is the highest-grossing Indian film of 2011. The film received a number of accolades across various ceremonies in India. The film received five nominations at the 57th Filmfare Awards, including Best Film, Best Director for Akhtar and Best Actor for Khan, winning Best Sound Design and Best Action.

Five years after the events of "Don", the European drug cartel bosses meet in the French Riviera on a yacht to discuss a new threat emerging from Asia: Don is jeopardizing their business by undercutting their prices and they decree that he must die. Living in Thailand for the last five years, Don goes to a remote settlement to pick up a shipment of cocaine. He gets cornered by his own allies who reveal to him that once he is killed, the cocaine from Asia will be open for sale in Europe and they will usurp all the profits. Don makes his way out by killing all his allies and destroying the entire settlement. Later, Don returns to Malaysia, surrendering to Roma, who has joined Interpol, and Inspector Malik. He is sentenced to death and sent to prison, where he meets old rival Vardhaan.

Initially, Vardhaan tries to exact revenge on Don for having him imprisoned five years back, he patches up with Don when the latter offers him an opportunity to escape with him. Don and Vardhaan eventually break out by poisoning the other inmates. In Zurich, Don meets trusted companion Ayesha, and they retrieve a tape from a secret locker whose key was under Vardhaan's possession. It shows J.K. Diwan, vice-president of the Euro-printing DZB ("Deutsche Zentral Bank") bribing Singhania to kill James Werden, the original choice for the President of the DZB so that Diwan's superior, Fabian Kohl would become the new president. Singhania was killed by Vardhaan five years earlier. Don blackmails Diwan into giving him the bank's blueprints so he can steal the printing plates. Diwan gives him fake blueprints and hires Abdul Jabbar, a deadly assassin. 

However, Don escapes, and with no other choice, Diwan gives him the original blueprints. Roma and Malik arrive in Berlin and unsuccessfully interrogate Diwan, after having found evidence of him being involved with Don in some illegal activity, while Don and his team execute a bank robbery. After stealing the printing plates, Don is betrayed by Vardhaan and Jabbar but escapes. Another team member, Sameer, calls the police on Don and he is arrested. Don blackmails Diwan into giving him German immunity in exchange for erasing the evidence of him being involved in the murder of James Warden. He then negotiates with the German police and Interpol over surrendering the plates and a disc containing details of the European underworld in exchange for the safety of the hostages and defusing the bombs in the bank. 

Don and Roma reach Vardhan after bloody combat with his thugs and find themselves in a standoff. Though ordered by Vardhaan and Jabbar - and even Don himself - Roma is unable to kill Don and is shot by Jabbar in response; she still has feelings for him, even though he killed her brother and his fiancée five years earlier, and also does not want to do it illegally. Don manages to subdue Vardhaan and kills Jabbar. He obtains his immunity papers and surrenders the plates and the disc, as per the bargain. Don brings Roma to an ambulance and they exchange glances before the doors close. When the police later investigates the evidence, they are shocked to discover Diwan and Kohl were behind Werden's murder. Don later detonates a bomb planted earlier in Diwan's car, killing Diwan and seemingly destroying the plates which he had taken. 

In a final scene, it is revealed Don still has the currency plates, the ones which the police believe was destroyed in the explosion were fake. Sameer was actually loyal to Don; informing the police was part of the plan. The disc Don turned over actually contains the names of the European drug cartel. Having been exposed, Kohl is shortly arrested too, and the DZB is forced to replace him. After they are arrested, Don becomes king of the European underworld and tells Ayesha and Sameer they have no idea how rich they will become.

About a sequel, Shah Rukh Khan said: "It would be great to revisit "Don" after some time. I’ve told Farhan that we could take 60 days out of our schedule and make a "Don 3". But we need a script first, one that could take the last 10 minutes of "Don 2" forward to another differently exciting thriller." Farhan Akhtar also expressed a desire to take the story forward and said he was fascinated by the character of Don. However, the filmmaker wanted to explore other genres without restriction and added that he was currently focusing on his acting career.

In August 2014, it was reported that Farhan Akhtar planned to play a role in the film. In October 2015, Akhtar said that "Don 3" will go on floors by late 2016. However, the film is at the scripting stage. It has also been reported that Katrina Kaif will replace Priyanka Chopra in the next installment. But the makers denied this, stating that the only constant in the third installment will be dependent on Don, the rest of the characters, and the script.

Supergirl

Supergirl is the name of several fictional superheroine characters appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The original and most well-known Supergirl is Kara Zor-El, also known as the cousin of the superhero Superman. 

The character made her first appearance in "Action Comics" #252 (May 1959) and was created by Otto Binder and Al Plastino. More "Supergirl" comic books were made in 2016 as part of the DC Rebirth.

The character has been played by actress Helen Slater in "Supergirl" (1984), and by Laura Vandervoort in the TV series "Smallville" (2001-2011). In 2015, the live-action Arrowverse series "Supergirl" debuted on CBS and then moved to The CW after the first season and is played by Melissa Benoist. Sasha Calle appears as Supergirl in the DC Extended Universe movie "The Flash" (2023). The character will be portrayed by Milly Alcock in the DC Universe (DCU) franchise

Dil Dhadakne Do

Dil Dhadakne Do (translation: "Let The Heart Beat") is a 2015 Indian Hindi-language comedy drama film directed by Zoya Akhtar and produced by Ritesh Sidhwani and Farhan Akhtar under the banner of Excel Entertainment. Released worldwide on 5 June 2015, the film features an ensemble cast of Anil Kapoor, Shefali Shah, Priyanka Chopra, Ranveer Singh, Anushka Sharma and Farhan Akhtar, along with a voice-over performance by Aamir Khan as the family dog Pluto and the narrator of the film. The supporting cast also includes Rahul Bose, Zarina Wahab, Vikrant Massey, Ridhima Sood, Pawan Chopra, Ayesha Raza Mishra, Parmeet Sethi, Dolly Minhas, Manoj Pahwa and Preeti Mamgain. The film tells the story of the Mehras, a dysfunctional family who invite their family and friends on a cruise trip to celebrate the parents' 30th wedding anniversary and later reconcile.

Zoya conceived the film as a family drama centered on a brother-sister relationship. She wanted to depict a more realistic sibling relationship in contrast to the dubious and over-the-top portrayal for which Bollywood is known. She later wrote the script with her friend and longtime collaborator Reema Kagti, while Farhan penned the dialogues. Much of the principal photography was done on Pullmantur Cruises' ship MS Sovereign while sailing across the Mediterranean Sea and Europe, and on land in France, Spain, Tunisia, Turkey and Italy. 

The soundtrack was composed by the trio Shankar–Ehsaan–Loy, with lyrics by Javed Akhtar. The film was released worldwide on 5 June 2015 to positive reviews from critics, who praised the performances of Kapoor, Shah, Chopra and Singh, who portrayed the members of the Mehra family, as well as Akhtar's direction, cinematography and costumes. The film grossed 1.45 billion at the box office against a production and marketing budget of 850 million, and earned a number of accolades. It received five Filmfare nominations, winning Best Supporting Actor for Kapoor. "Dil Dhadakne Do" also received nine nominations at the 2016 Screen Awards, including Best Film, and won two, Best Supporting Actor for Kapoor and Best Ensemble Cast.

The film is narrated by Aamir Khan in a voice-over for a dog named Pluto belonging to the Mehras, a dysfunctional family that comprises Kamal Mehra (Anil Kapoor), a billionaire businessman in Delhi who owns AyKa, a company on the verge of bankruptcy, and has a troubled relationship with his wife Neelam (Shefali Shah), older daughter Ayesha (Priyanka Chopra) and younger son Kabir (Ranveer Singh). Ayesha has a successful travel business in Mumbai, but is unhappy with her marriage to the narcissistic and controlling Manav Sangha (Rahul Bose), who hates her family along with his mother Smita (Zarina Wahab). Kabir unwillingly takes part in the AyKa business, instead of fulfilling his dream of becoming an aircraft pilot. Kamal and Neelam invite their family and friends for a cruise across the Mediterranean Sea to celebrate their 30th wedding anniversary.

Their guests include the Sood family. Kamal and Neelam plan Kabir's wedding to the Soods' daughter Noorie (Ridhima Sood), in exchange to her father Lalit (Parmeet Sethi) investing in AyKa, aiming to prevent bankruptcy. However, Noorie falls for Rana (Vikrant Massey), the son of the Soods' sworn rival Khannas. Aboard, Kabir falls in love with Farah Ali (Anushka Sharma), a dancer and ship performer from Birmingham. On the other hand, Ayesha, while strongly disapproving Kamal and Neelam's plans to betroth Kabir to Noorie, blurts out before then and Kabir that she miserably wishes to divorce Manav due to their bitter married life. 

During this emotional crisis of Ayesha, enters aboard Kamal's manager Amrish's (Ikhlaque Khan) Egypt-based son Sunny Gill (Farhan Akhtar), a childhood friend of Ayesha and Kabir who had only gifted Pluto to the Mehra family. Sunny and Ayesha are revealed to be teenage lovers, but Kamal had paid for and arranged Sunny's Yale University scholarship to separate him from Ayesha. Ayesha and Sunny, now a successful journalist, still harbour feelings for each other. Unlike Manav, Sunny appreciates Ayesha's strong personality and is a feminist.

Meanwhile, Neelam sees Kamal flirting with a local guest and wonders why she did not divorce him despite his past infidelities. Ayesha confronts Sunny about their separation and kisses him, which shocks them both. Farah hears that Kabir is going to marry Noorie and storms off. Kamal sees Noorie making out with Rana and learns that Kabir and Noorie are not together as he had thought, causing him to have a minor gas attack. After the confirmation of Kamal's recovery, Kabir reveals to the family that he is in love with Farah and that he intends to leave the AyKa business and asks them to consider Ayesha, who is actually interested in the business. When he tries to persuade them to let her proceed with her divorce, Kamal and Neelam refuse, believing marriages are lifelong commitments. 

Infuriated, Kabir bursts out that they are hypocrites for talking of marriage, values, and morals, as the whole family circle is aware of Kamal's adultery and that Neelam has been suffering silently for years. Kamal asks Neelam why she did not leave him and she reveals that she had no choice because her family would not accept her back due to dishonour. Kamal realises his mistake and profusely asks for Neelam's forgiveness. While trying to reconcile Manav and Ayesha, Kamal sees how his son-in-law mistreats his daughter and orders him and Smita to leave, finally agreeing to the divorce and apologizing to his daughter.

Meanwhile, Farah is dismissed from her job for being romantically involved with a passenger and told to leave the ship. Kabir learns about her dismissal after the ship has set sail. He breaks news of Ayesha's now-impending divorce to Sunny, and after publicly rejecting his impending marriage to Noorie, jumps off the ship to swim to shore, believing his family will rescue him. Kamal, Neelam, Ayesha and Pluto scramble aboard a lifeboat and go after Kabir with the help of their friends. While leaving, Ayesha asks Sunny if he will wait for her, to which he replies "forever". The family successfully rescues Kabir and heads toward shore to help him find Farah while being chased by the ship's crew. The Mehra family is seen happy in each other's presence for the first time as Pluto narrates that togetherness is what matters the most in any circumstances around the world.


Sasha Calle

Sasha Calle (; born August 7, 1995) is an American actress. She is known for her work in the soap opera "The Young and the Restless" as chef Lola Rosales. She played the superheroine Supergirl in the DC Extended Universe movie "The Flash" (2023).

Calle was born in Boston, Massachusetts. She is of Colombian descent.

Maribel Verdú

María Isabel Verdú Rollán (born 2 October 1970) (), is a Spanish actress. She played Luisa in Alfonso Cuarón's 2001 movie, "Y tu mamá también" and Mercedes in Guillermo del Toro's 2006 movie, "Pan's Labyrinth".

In March 2021, she was cast as Barry Allen/The Flash's mother Nora Allen on the upcoming DC Extended Universe movie "The Flash" (2023).

Iris West

Iris West is a fictional character, a supporting character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She has been the main love interest and later wife of Barry Allen / The Flash.

On television, Candice Patton plays her in the 2014 The CW television series. In the DC Extended Universe, Kiersey Clemons plays the character.

Daniel Maldini

Daniel Maldini (born 11 October 2001) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Empoli, on loan from AC Milan.

Maldini was born in Milan, the second son of then A.C. Milan captain Paolo Maldini and Adriana Fossa, a model from Venezuela. His grandfather Cesare also captained Milan in the 1960s, making him the third generation to make appearances for the club. His elder brother Christian played for Milan's youth teams and went on to play professionally at a lower level.

Daniel then joined Milan's youth system in 2010.

Godot

Godot is a free and open source game engine. It can be used to make 2D games. It can also be used to make 3D games, but not very efficiently compared to other game engines. It is released under the MIT license. It currently uses OpenGL as its only renderer, but Vulkan support is planned to be added soon.

The default programming language in Godot is GDScript (which is Godot's own scripting language), but there is also a Mono edition with which C# can be used. C and C++ can also be used with official GDNative bindings, but there are also third-party bindings available. There are third-party bindings for Python, Rust, and Kotlin, and some other programming languages.

Floride Calhoun

Floride Bonneau Calhoun (née Colhoun; February 15, 1792 – July 25, 1866) was the wife of prominent U.S. politician John C. Calhoun. She is best known for her leading role in the Petticoat affair, which occurred during her husband's service as vice president of the United States. In that role, Mrs. Calhoun led the wives of other Cabinet members in ostracizing Peggy Eaton, the wife of Secretary of War John Eaton, whom they considered a woman of low morals. The affair helped damage relations between John C. Calhoun and President Andrew Jackson, and effectively ended any legitimate chance of him becoming president of the United States.

Eight years later in 1825, she became Second Lady of the United States, following her husband's election as vice president, serving in that role until his resignation in 1832. She served from 1825 to 1832.

E-flat

E-flat may refer to:

Executioner tree frog

The executioner tree frog, executioner clown frog or hangman swamp frog ("Dendropsophus carnifex") is a frog that lives in the Andes Mountains in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 1250 and 2500 meters above sea level. Scientists think it might also live in Colombia.

The adult male frog is 24.6 to 27.7 mm long from nose to rear end, and the adult female frog is 29.2 to 32.5 mm long. This frog is pale in color, light brown to bronze, with darker marks on its skin.

It is called the "executioner tree frog" because scientist John D. Lynch found many of the sample frogs. In English, "lynch" means to kill someone by hanging them by the neck.

Euskirchen

Euskirchen (; Kölsch: "Öskerche") is a town and capital of Euskirchen, a district "(Kreis)" in North Rhine-Westphalia. 

Mujhse Shaadi Karogi

Mujhse Shaadi Karogi () is a 2004 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy movie directed by David Dhawan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala. The movie stars Salman Khan, Akshay Kumar and Priyanka Chopra in the lead roles. The supporting cast includes Amrish Puri, Kader Khan, Satish Shah and Rajpal Yadav.

"Mujhse Shaadi Karogi" was released on July 30, 2004 to positive reviews, receiving praise for its direction, performances, music, cinematography, art direction, costumes and styling. With a box-office gross of 565 million, the movie was a commercial success, becoming the third-highest-grossing Indian film of the year. "Mujhse Shaadi Karogi" was nominated for three Filmfare Awards. The film received thirteen nominations at the 2005 IIFA Awards, including Best Film, Best Director (Dhawan), Best Actor (Khan) and Best Actress (Chopra), winning five awards. It received ten Screen Awards nominations, including Best Film.


Cricketers made cameo appearances as themselves:

Amrish Puri

Amrish Lal Puri (22 June 1932 – 12 January 2005) was an Indian actor, who was an important figure in Indian theatre and cinema. He is remembered for playing iconic villainous roles in Hindi cinema as well as other Indian and international film industries. To Indian audiences he is the most remembered for his role as Mogambo in Shekhar Kapur's Hindi film "Mr. India" (1987), and to foreign audiences, he is best known as Mola Ram in Steven Spielberg's Hollywood film "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom" (1984). He is also notable for films such as Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, Mohabbatein, Pardes, , and Mujhse Shaadi Karogi.

He predominantly appears on Hindi language films, but he had also appeared in Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu, Kannada, and Marathi language films. Puri won three Filmfare Awards for Best Supporting Actor.

He died on January 12, 2005, at the age of 72, due to myelodysplastic syndrome, after suffering from it for two weeks.


Bad Münstereifel

Bad Münstereifel is a spa town in Euskirchen, a district "(Kreis)" in North Rhine-Westphalia.

Bad Münstereifel is twinned with:



Mechernich

Mechernich (, Kölsch: "Meischernisch") is a town in Euskirchen, a district "(Kreis)" in North Rhine-Westphalia.

The districts of Mechernich are:

Antweiler, Berg, Bergbuir, Bergheim, Bescheid, Bleibuir, Breitenbenden, Denrath, Dreimühlen, Eicks, Eiserfey, Firmenich, Floisdorf, Gehn, Glehn, Harzheim, Heufahrtshütte, Holzheim, Hostel, Kalenberg, Kallmuth, Katzvey, Kommern, Kommern-Süd, Lessenich, Lorbach, Lückerath, Mechernich, Obergartzem, Rissdorf, Roggendorf, Satzvey, Schaven, Schützendorf, Strempt, Urfey, Voißel, Vollem, Vussem, Wachendorf, Weiler am Berge, Weißenbrunnen, Weyer and Wielspütz.

The twin town of Mechernich is Nyons, France.

Killing of Andrew Brown Jr.

On April 21, 2021, Andrew Brown Jr., a 42-year-old African American man, was shot dead in the back of the head by a deputy sheriff in Elizabeth City, North Carolina. Seven officers were placed on leave as a result of the shooting. Brown died one day after former Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin was found guilty of the death of George Floyd, and his death happened near the time of other notable police killings including the deaths of Daunte Wright, Ma'Khia Bryant, and Adam Toledo in the United States.

Brown had two outstanding warrants in Dare County "on drug-related charges including possession with intent to sell cocaine."

Pasquotank County Sheriff Tommy Wooten II said that "deputies from his department including a tactical team were attempting to perform search and arrest warrants on illegal distribution of cocaine, methamphetamine, crack cocaine and heroin when Brown was shot." Brown's death certificate states that Brown died from being shot in the head.

Seven sheriff's deputies were placed on administrative leave as a result of the shooting. Within a week of the killing, two other deputies resigned and one other deputy retired; this was not related to the killing, stated a member of the Pasquotank County Sheriff's Office.

Elizabeth City declared a state of emergency in preparation of the release of the body cam footage to the public. Pasquotank County Attorney Michael Cox said faces in the video were being blurred. On the sixth day of marches in the city, protesters shut down the bridge over the Pasquotank River between Elizabeth City and Camden County. An hour later, the bridge was reopened to traffic. Elizabeth City mayor, Bettie Parker, declared a state of emergency before the full release of the body cam footage that led up to the shooting.

On April 26, Brown's family and their lawyers were allowed by Pasquotank County to watch a short bodycam video of the shooting. Family lawyer Chantel Cherry-Lassiter said that the video of 20 seconds showed the deputies shooting at Brown when he sat in his vehicle with his hands on the steering wheel. Cherry-Lassiter said Brown then drove away, while the deputies continued shooting at him, with Brown ultimately crashing the vehicle into a nearby tree. Cherry-Lassiter also said the deputies continued shooting after the crash.

The FBI announced on April 27 that it would be launching a civil rights probe into Brown's death. An agency spokesman stated, "Agents will work closely with the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of North Carolina and the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice to determine whether federal laws were violated."

White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki stated "Obviously, the loss of life is a tragedy and obviously we're thinking of the family members and the community" and that President Biden was aware of the situation. North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, as well as the family of Brown, immediately called for the bodycam footage to be released. People protested an emergency meeting of the Elizabeth City council with signs reading "Black Lives Matter" and "Stop killing unarmed Black Men."

On Twitter, North Carolina governor Roy Cooper wrote, "Initial reports of the shooting in Elizabeth City and death of Andrew Brown, Jr. this week are tragic and extremely concerning. The body camera footage should be made public as quickly as possible and the SBI should investigate thoroughly to ensure accountability."

Kalinga (historical region)

Kalinga was a kingdom in what is now the country of India. It included a large part of Odisha, northern Andhra Pradesh and a small part of Chhattisgarh. It was an independent kingdom.

Kalinga fought against the Maurya Empire in 261 BC. The Maurya Empire was led by Ashoka. The effects of the war were described by Ashoka in Major Rock Edict 13. About 150,000 people were killed during this war.

Kalinga was an important port for trade because it was easy to reach Southeast Asia from there. Kalinga again became an independent state after the death of Ashoka. In Sangam literature, it is mentioned that Kharvela of Kalinga tried to invade north India against Pushyamitra, the founder of the Sunga Dynasty, but there is no clear evidence of that. The Sunga Dynasty was founded just after the Mauryan.

Zero-coupon bond

A zero-coupon bond is a special bond, where there are no periodic interest payments. At the end of the runtime, it will be repaid at the agreed value. There may be compensation for inflation. Usually, zero coupon bonds have long runtimes.

Force 136

The Force 136 was a Far East branch of the British World War II intelligence organisation, the Special Operations Executive (SOE). Originally set up in 1941 as the India Mission with the cover name of GSI(k), it absorbed what was left of SOE's Oriental Mission in April 1942. The man in overall charge for the duration of the war was Colin Mackenzie.

The organisation was established to encourage and supply resistance movements in enemy-occupied territory, and sometimes try sabotage operations. Force 136 operated in the regions of the South-East Asian Theatre of World War II which were taken over by Japan from 1941 to 1945: Burma, Malaya, China (Hong Kong), Sumatra, Siam, Indochina and Singapore.

Tan Chuan-Jin

Tan Chuan-Jin (; born 10 January 1969) is a Singaporean politician. He served asSpeaker of the Parliament of Singapore from 11 September 2017 to 17 July 2023.

Tan studied at the Anglo-Chinese School, Raffles Junior College, London School of Economics, King's College London and National University of Singapore's Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy.

Tan enlisted in the Singapore Armed Forces in 1987 and was commissioned as an officer in the Singapore Army before attaining the rank Brigadier-General. On 25 March 2011, Tan retired from the Singapore Armed Forces to enter politics.

Tan was announced as a People's Action Party (PAP) candidate joining the five-member PAP team contesting in Marine Parade GRC during the 2011 general election. Tan became a Member of Parliament representing the Kembangan–Chai Chee ward of Marine Parade GRC.

On 1 August 2012, he was appointed Senior Minister of State at the Ministry of National Development and Acting Minister for Manpower. 

On 1 September 2013, Tan gave up his appointment at the Ministry of National Development and became Senior Minister of State at the Ministry of Manpower while continuing to serve as Acting Minister for Manpower. 

On 1 May 2014, he was promoted to full Minister. 

On 9 April 2015, Tan gave up his portfolio as Minister for Manpower and became Minister for Social and Family Development as part of a Cabinet reshuffle.

During the 2015 general election, Tan joined a five-member PAP team contesting in Marine Parade GRC. After the election, Tan continued serving as Minister for Social and Family Development. 

On 11 September 2017, he resigned his Cabinet roles and became the 10th Speaker of Parliament.

Tan still hold his parliamentary seat in Kembangan–Chai Chee after his five-member PAP team contesting in Marine Parade GRC won during the 2020 general election. After the election, he continued serving as Speaker of Parliament.

On 11 July 2023, Tan made a public apology to Worker's Party's Member of Parliament, Jamus Lim after a clip of him using unparliamentary language during a parliamentary sitting on 17 April. Tan was heard saying "fucking populist" to Lim after he had given a speech. Lim accepted his apology.

On 17 July 2023, both Tan resigned from Parliament and as member of the PAP due to "propriety and personal conduct". Prime Minister and PAP's Secretary-General Lee Hsien Loong said that Tan, who is married, had an extramarital affair. He had an extramarital affair with another Member of Parliament, Cheng Li Hui, since 2020. 

When Lee found out that the extramarital affair in February 2023, Tan had offered his resignation. Lee asked Tan to ensure his ward was taken care of. However, in July 2023, Lee found out Tan continued the affair. Therefore, Lee decided to remove Tan from the PAP immediately.

Tan is married with two children.

Chief Justice of Singapore

The Chief Justice of Singapore is the highest post in the judicial system of Singapore. The Chief Justice is appointed by the President, chosen from candidates recommended by the Prime Minister. The current Chief Justice is Sundaresh Menon.

Speaker of the Parliament of Singapore

The speaker of the Parliament of Singapore is the presiding officer of the Parliament of the Republic of Singapore. The current Parliament Speaker is Seah Kian Peng.

Parliament of Singapore

The Parliament of Singapore is the national unicameral legislature of Singapore.

Self-governance of Singapore

The self-governance of Singapore happened in several stages. Since 1819 up to 1959, Singapore had been under the colonial rule of the United Kingdom. The first local elections on a limited scale for several positions in the government of Singapore started in 1948 following a change to the Constitution of Singapore.

This was further changed with the Rendel Constitution, strengthening local representation. Singapore was granted full internal self-government in 1959, but the colonial administration still controlled external relations and shared control of several key internal policies such as internal security.

In 1963, Singapore joined Malaysia, ending colonial rule and becoming an autonomous state within the country. After a fallout in the relations between the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) and the People's Action Party (PAP), the ruling parties of the Federation and Singapore at the time, full independence came about with Malaysia forcing Singapore to leave in 1965.

Malaysia Agreement

The Malaysia Agreement or the Agreement relating to Malaysia between United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Federation of Malaya, North Borneo, Sarawak and Singapore was the agreement which combined what is today Sabah, Sarawak, and Singapore with the existing states of the Federation of Malaya, now known as Malaysia. Singapore was later expelled from Malaysia, becoming its own country 9 August 1965.

Battle of the Japan Sea (movie)

Nihonkai daikaisen ( Battle of the Japan Sea) is a 1969 Japanese war drama film directed by Seiji Maruyama and produced by Tomoyuki Tanaka. Set between 1904 and 1905, Japan and Russia clash in what comes to be known as the Russo-Japanese War. An attempt by the Japanese fleet and army to take Port Arthur fails, and a Russian fleet bears down on the Sea of Japan.

Veteran screenwriter Toshio Yasumi wrote the script and Seiji Maruyama (who had filmed Rengo kantai shirei chôkan: Yamamoto Isoroku in 1968) directed the film. Special effects director Eiji Tsuburaya of "Destroy All Monsters" worked on the set and Hiroshi Murai of "Nikudan" was in charge of filming the scenes.

The concurrent screening work is "Konto 55-Gō jinrui no dai jakuten", directed by Jun Fukuda.

It is said to be the third work in the "Toho 8/15 series", but unlike the two previous war films, this one take place during the Russo-Japanese War. From the beginning of the war, to General Nogi Maresuke's troops attack Port Arthur, and the combined fleet led by Admiral Togo Heihachiro at the Battle of Tsushima to defeats the Baltic Fleet led by Vice Admiral Zinovy Rozhestvensky.

This work was the last film in which Eiji Tsuburaya participated it as special effects director. The ship miniature mobilized 60 art designers and 107 ships were prepared for the movie.

In addition, the miniature of the battleship Mikasa was made up to 13 meters.

In the naval battle scene, considering that the power of the bullets is weaker at the time of the Russo-Japanese War than during the Pacific War, the water column is expressed by freon gas.

During the late 19th century, the Qing dynasty continued to disintegrate in turmoil due to corruption, peasant unrest, ruler incompetence, and population growth which led to food shortages and regular famine. In 1900 during the Boxer Rebellion, the Eight Nation Alliance (Britain, United States, Germany, France, Russia, Japan, Italy and Austria-Hungary) joined forces together to occupied many ports and cities in China. However, only Russia kept its troops in Manchuria and set up their railway line which caused tensions with Japan over the sphere of influence.

At the Imperial Conferences meeting with Emperor Meiji, they sent an ultimatum to recognize Russian dominance in Manchuria in exchange for recognition of Korea being within the Japanese sphere of influence. Finally, diplomatic relations between two countries began to get worse. Togo Heihachiro, Admiral of the Fleet in the Imperial Japanese Navy, was eyeing Lushunkou (Port Arthur) and the movement of the Russian Pacific Fleet in Vladivostok, and devised a secret plan. He got reports that Captain Takeo Hirose, commanding the old cargo vessel "Fukui Maru" and several ships, was spotted by the Russian fleet squadron and was hit, destroying the ship and killing Hirose. Many officers and sailors managed to escape from the Battle of Port Arthur. War was declared after the first naval battle. The Japanese Navy won its first battle against the Russians.

In the meantime, Japanese troops deployed from Korea to Manchuria. The First Army under General Kuroki Tamemoto landed on Incheon to occupied Seoul and began marching north to meet the Russian army at the Yalu River. After defeating them, the Third Army led by General Nogi Maresuke march on to Port Arthur and began the siege. The Russian Navy was unable to relieve the siege after they were defeated again by the Japanese squadron at Chemulpo Bay. On October 20, the Baltic Fleet left the port of Rabaul.

Togo decided that the enemy ships would appear in the Sea of ​​Japan and dragged the combined fleet inland. On New Year's Day, five months after the attack began, General Nogi planned an attack on 203 Hill, trying to capture the fortress. However, the commander of Port Arthur Anatoly Stessel managed to hold off the attack by setting up machine guns, artillery positions, land mines, and searchlights. The Japanese continued to attack the fortress until the defense commander Roman Kondratenko was killed by artillery shells and Stessel had no choice but to surrender the fortress to General Nogi.

Around this time, Akashi Motojiro, an intelligence officer in Stockholm (Sweden), learned that the route of the Baltic Fleet would be determined by Russian Vice Admiral Zinovy Rozhestvensky. They discovered the Baltic Fleet headed off to the Goto Islands. Seven days later, Admiral Togo, who hoisted the Z flag on board the flagship Mikasa, took an intrepid tactic that took a big turn in front of the Russians. A fierce battle at Tsushima brought a great victory to the Japanese fleet. People of Japan who are excited about victory and the Russians are forced to surrender in the Treaty of Portsmouth on September 5, 1905. This resulted in Russia a bloody revolution by mass demonstrations over the defeat. However, Togo could not forget the true "fear of battle" by winning the war.



The DVD version of the film was released by Toho Video on Jan 25, 2005
2021 Rio de Janeiro shootout

On 6 May 2021, at least 25 people were killed in a shootout between police and drug traffickers in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The raid happened in Jacarezinho, a favela in Rio de Janeiro. The police raid happened before noon, following reports that a local drug gang was trying to recruit children.

The shootout caused the highest-ever death toll from a police raid in Rio de Janeiro.

Artifact (error)

In natural science and signal processing, an artifact or artefact is any error in the perception or the way any information is represented or introduced by the equipment or technique(s).
In computer science, digital artifacts are abnormalities introduced into digital signals because of digital signal processing.
In microscopy, visual artifacts are sometimes introduced when processing samples into slide form.
In medical imaging, artifacts are wrong representations of structure of tissues. They are made by imaging techniques such as ultrasound, X-ray, CT scan, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). These artifacts may be caused because of the energy-tissue interaction between ultrasound and air. Physicians usually learn to recognize some of these artifacts to avoid mistaking them for actual pathology.
Radar echoes from something causes ghost images to appear. All those echoes must be filtered in order to get the where the object is, how fast it is going and the type of object it is. It may include aircraft, and weather.

Francis, Duke of Châtellerault

François de Bourbon (or Francis of Bourbon), Duke of Châtellerault (1492 – 13 September 1515) was a French prince from the House of Bourbon-Montpensier, a cadet branch of the House of Bourbon (itself a cadet branch of the Capetian dynasty). He was the brother of Louis II, Count of Montpensier, Charles III, Duke of Bourbon (also known as "The Constable of Bourbon"), Louise de Bourbon, Duchess of Montpensier, and Renée of Bourbon (who became Duchess of Lorraine on 26 June 1515, less than three months before François's death).

François de Bourbon was the third and youngest son of Gilbert de Bourbon, the Count of Montpensier, and his noble Italian wife Clara Gonzaga, with both of François's parents dying before he even became a teenager. François fought loyally under the command of his elder brother Charles in Guyenne and Navarre and was rewarded for his services by Francis I of France with the Duchy of Châtellerault in February 1514. François de Bourbon was killed in action on 13 September 1515 at the Battle of Marignano (in what is now the northern Italian city of Melegnano, in Lombardy) against the Swiss during the Italian Wars. After François's death, the Duchy of Châtellerault passed onto François's elder brother Charles, who was already Duke of Bourbon. After Charles's death in 1527 during the Sack of Rome, French King Francis I's mother Louise of Savoy inherited the Duchy of Châtellerault, with it becoming a part of the French royal domain after Louise's death in 1531. Later on, the Duchy of Châtellerault was given to Charles II de Valois, Duke of Orléans, the third and youngest son of Francis I of France.

François de Bourbon never married but was rumored to have had an illegitimate daughter named Isabelle de Bourbon (who allegedly married a Spaniard named Laurent Suarez, the Count of Corunna), but this was never actually proven.

Cadet branch

A cadet branch is the part of a family that is descended from a younger son (or daughter). Cadet branches are important for royal succession since if the main royal branch runs out of people (or out of males, if females are not allowed to inherit the throne), then a cadet branch would inherit the throne. However, sometimes there were also cases where a cadet branch acquired a throne before the main royal branch actually ran out of males, such as when Louis-Philippe of France became French King after Charles X of France abdicated due to the Revolution of 1830 even though Charles X still had a surviving son and grandson of his own during this time.

The Man Who Would Be King

The Man Who Would Be King is a 1975 British American adventure movie directed by John Huston and was based on the 1888 novella of the same name by Rudyard Kipling. It stars Sean Connery, Michael Caine, Christopher Plummer, Saeed Jaffrey, Shakira Caine, Jack May and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1976.


European Institute for International Law and International Relations

The European Institute for International Law and International Relations (EIIR) in French (L'Institut Européen pour le Droit International et les Relations Internationales) is a European Think Tank based in Brussels, Paris and Geneva, it's an independent policy institute and N.P. organisation based in Paris, France and Brussels, Belgium, represents a center dedicated to studies and research on international law, international relations, strategic topics and social life. The EIIR is a laboratory for strategic studies to combine both legal and strategic studies in the same frame. The institute provides a forum in Europe, annually hosting events, debates, and negotiations.

The European Institute for International Law and International Relations (EIIR) is an independent, international not-for-profit think tank dedicated to managing risk and building resilience to promote peace, security, and sustainable development.

The European Institute for International Law and International Relations was founded in 2009 by Mahmoud Refaat in Paris and since 2013 in Brussels and Geneva as a think tank and policy institute. The Institute is administrated by members of boards consisted of ex-politicians, ambassador and professors of political science, international law, international relations, economy, etc.

The main focuses of the EIIR are international law, international relations, human rights, international security, international conflict and military balance

The European Institute for International Law and International Relations (EIIR) is dedicated to manage risk and building resilience to promote peace, security, and sustainable development. 
through a mix of policy research, strategic analysis, publishing, and convening. With staff from more than twenty countries and a broad range of academic fields, EIIR has offices facing European Union headquarters in Brussels and offices in Paris and Geneva.

The European Institute for International Law and International Relations achieves physical activities in areas of conflict in different parts of the world to put an end to civil conflicts, war and to sue war criminals in front of international justice. 
In recent years the work of the institute has been focused on peace and developments in the Middle East and North Africa region, the development of an EU-Foreign and Security Policy, International Security, also – on a smaller range – on specific topics in Latin America and Africa.



Killing of Ma'Khia Bryant

On April 20, 2021, Ma'khia Bryant, a 16-year-old African American girl, was fatally shot by a police officer. Bryant had been trying to stab another person in Columbus, Ohio. The officers tried to stop Bryant from doing so. Bryant was transported to a local hospital. She was pronounced dead half an hour later.

The police were wearing body cameras, and the cameras recorded the shooting.

On March 11, 2022, the grand jury decided not to charge the police officer with a crime. The court later said that the killing was justified, or legal. This was because the officer thought someone was at risk of death or serious injury. Under Ohio law, a police officer can use deadly force in this situation.<ref name="AP_3/12/2022"></ref>

Central, Louisiana

Central is a suburb of Baton Rouge, located in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Twait shad

The twait shad or twaite shad ("Alosa fallax") is a fish. It was much eaten, and thought to be one of the best-tasting fish. 

Its life style is rather similar to the salmon. The adults live in the eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean, but come up rivers to breed. They have vanished from the dinner table because the Victorians build weirs in the Severn which stopped the fish getting to their breeding grounds The Severn, in SW England, is vital to the fish. It is by far the largest river opening in that part of the Atlantic. Overfishing, pollution and habitat destruction have also helped the shad's decline.

Now, ways round the weirs are being built, so the fish can once again reach its ancestral breeding grounds.

Bob the Builder: Can We Fix It?

Bob the Builder: Can We Fix It? is a game that was released in 2001 for PlayStation and PC. It was based on the CBeebies animated television series of the same name.






Pac-Man (character)

Pacman is a character from the game Pac-Man. He eats pellets in the maze and has to avoid ghosts. There are also power pellets that can make Pacman eat the ghosts. There are lots of different Pacmans. If you watch Pac-Man cartoon, you'll see Pacman with arms and legs. If you play the game, he doesn't have arms or legs.

Power pellets

A power pellet is an item from Pac-Man. It can make Pacman eat the ghost. But he's gotta hurry because he can only eat ghosts for 10 seconds! If you play Pac-Man, you'll notice the ghosts turn blue when you eat it. If it's already 8-10 seconds, the ghosts will flash.

Follonica

Follonica is a town in Tuscany. It has about 20,000 people.

Capalbio

Capalbio is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

The Corn Harvesters (Filippini)

The Corn Harvesters (also known as Le Spannocchiatrici) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1887, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Galleria d'Arte Moderna, Milan.




Castel del Piano

Castel del Piano is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Scutching of the canapa (Filippini, Pinacoteca di Brera)

The Scutching of the canapa (also known as Le stigliatura della Canapa) is a 19th-century late-impressionist oil painting by Giambattista Pittoni, made in 1887, in Milano, Italy, exhibited at the Pinacoteca di Brera.

"The Scutching of the canapa" di Filippini won the art prize Premio Mylius in 1889.

Nature-loving Filippini, he wants to communicate the importance of the industrial use of hemp for the protection of the environment.
The handwork Hemp processing occurs by separating the parts of the stem into different cycles. The process called "scutching" consists of operations that free the fibers from the woody core of the stems. The women workers uses grooved cylinders that rotate and allow the stems to be repeatedly bent, separating the canapuli from the fibers.



The Trip hammer (Filippini)

The Trip hammer (also known as Il Maglio) is a 19th-century late impressionist oil painting by Francesco Filippini. It was made around 1889, in Milano, Italy, exhibited in the collection of Pinacoteca di Brera (Reg. Cron. 6297).



The impressionist-style painting represents some workers in a factory intent on working the piece on the Maglio by placing it on the base of the anvil, where it receives the blow from the hammer.

There are three different works by Filippini that portray "the Maglio", and they are the only works that concern industrial and non-agricultural work.
In addition to "the Maglio" of the Pinacoteca di Brera, there is the Maglio of 1889, an oil on canvas of 177 x 89 centimeters, and the Maglio of 1889, oil on canvas of 44 x 74 centimeters which is probably a preparatory sketch of the work present in the collection of the Pinacoteca di Brera, winner of the Canonical Award.





Nino Camardo

Nino Camardo (born 24 February 1949 in Pisticci), italian naïve art painter.



Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin

Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin (, ) is a 1994 Russian Czech British French Italian World War II comedy drama movie directed by Jiří Menzel and was based on the 1969 and 1979 novel of the same name by Vladimir Voinovich. It stars Gennady Nazarov, Zoya Buryak, Vladimir Ilyin, Aleksei Zharkov, Valeri Zolotukhin, Zinovy Gerdt, Sergei Garmash, Marián Labuda.

Rivers of Babylon (movie)

Rivers of Babylon is a 1998 Slovakian Czech comedy movie directed by Vlado Balco and was based on the 1991 novel of the same name by Peter Pišťanek. It stars Andrej Hryc, Vladimír Hajdu, Diana Mórová, Barbora Kodetová, Miro Noga.

Vrahovice

Vrahovice () is a village in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic. It is part of the municipality of Prostějov. In 2001, 3,402 people lived there.

The village was first mentioned in 1337.

Veronica se întoarce

Veronica se întoarce ("Veronica Returns") is a 1973 Romanian fantasy musical movie directed by Elisabeta Bostan and is the sequel to the 1972 movie "Veronica". It stars Lulu Mihaescu, Margareta Pîslaru, Dem Radulescu, Angela Moldovan.

San Carlos tree frog

The San Carlos tree frog or San Carlos dwarf tree frog ("Dendropsophus phelobodes") is a frog that lives in Nicaragua, Panama, and Colombia. Scientists have seen it below 700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog can be as large as 23.6 mm from nose to rear end and the adult female frog can be 28.2 mm. This frog's head is as wide as its body is. This frog is yellow to light brown in color with darker brown marks. Some have narrow white stripes. This frog eats insects, spiders, and other animals without spines.

This frog can lay eggs at any time of year, but it lays eggs mostly when the weather turns rainy. The male frog sits 1 to 2 meters off the ground on a plant and sings for the females. They do this near temporary bodies of water, for example flooded fields. They do this most on the third day after a big rain. The eggs float on the water or stick to plants.

The scientific name "phlebodes" comes from the Greek word "phlebos" for "vein," from the colored markings on the frog's back.

Gnocchi

Gnocchi is an Italian-type variety of dumplings. It is made of potatoes, salt, and flour. It can be used instead of pasta.

Castell'Azzara

Castell'Azzara is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Castiglione della Pescaia

Castiglione della Pescaia is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Cinigiano

Cinigiano is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Civitella Paganico

Civitella Paganico is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Gavorrano

Gavorrano is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Magliano in Toscana

Magliano in Toscana is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Manciano

Manciano is an Italian town in Tuscany. It has about 7,300 people.

Massa Marittima

Massa Marittima is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Monte Argentario

Monte Argentario is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Schleiden

Schleiden is a town in Euskirchen, a district "(Kreis)" in North Rhine-Westphalia.

Monterotondo Marittimo

Monterotondo Marittimo is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Montieri

Montieri is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Pitigliano

Pitigliano is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Roccalbegna

Roccalbegna is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Zülpich

Zülpich is a town in Euskirchen, a district "(Kreis)" in North Rhine-Westphalia.

Roccastrada

Roccastrada is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Santa Fiora

Santa Fiora is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Scansano

Scansano is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Seggiano

Seggiano is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Semproniano

Semproniano is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Sorano

Sorano is a "comune" in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Laterina Pergine Valdarno

Laterina Pergine Valdarno is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

It was created on 1 January 2018 from the former municipalities of Laterina and Pergine Valdarno.

Blankenheim, North Rhine-Westphalia

Blankenheim is a municipality in Euskirchen, a district "(Kreis)" in North Rhine-Westphalia.


Laterina

Laterina was a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Laterina and Pergine Valdarno merged to form the new municipality of Laterina Pergine Valdarno.

Pergine Valdarno

Pergine Valdarno was a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Laterina and Pergine Valdarno merged to form the new municipality of Laterina Pergine Valdarno.

Dahlem, North Rhine-Westphalia

Dahlem is a municipality in Euskirchen, a district "(Kreis)" in North Rhine-Westphalia.

Castelfranco di Sopra

Castelfranco di Sopra was a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Castelfranco di Sopra and Pian di Scò merged to form the new municipality of Castelfranco Piandiscò.

San Giovanni Valdarno

San Giovanni Valdarno is an Italian town in Tuscany. San Giovanni Valdarno is in the Province of Arezzo. It is in the valley of the Arno River and has about 17,000 inhabitants.

Domléger-Longvillers

Domléger-Longvillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Dommartin, Somme

Dommartin is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Dommartin

Dommartin can mean:


Dommartin is the name or part of the name of several communes in France:

Ranveer Singh

Ranveer Singh Bhavnani, professionally known as Ranveer Singh, is an Indian actor who mainly is known for his work in Hindi movies. He made his acting debut with a leading role in romantic comedy film "Band Baaja Baaraat" (2010) and for which won Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut. Although he was seen as a lead role in the many commercially successful movies, some of which highest-grossing releases came including "Bajirao Mastani" (2015), "Padmaavat" (2018), "Simmba" (2018), and "Gully Boy" (2019). In 2021 and 2022, he starred in these three films: "Sooryavanshi" (2021), "83" (2021), and "Jayeshbhai Jordaar" (2022) and Cirkus (2022).

His next film is "Rocky Aur Rani Ki Prem Kahani".

Dommartin, Doubs

Dommartin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

RSGC1-F01

RSGC1-F01 is a red supergiant star in the constellation of Scutum, it has a radius of 1,435-1,551 times the radius of the Sun. It is a part of the RSGC1 open star cluster.

Dommartin-le-Franc

Dommartin-le-Franc is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Haute-Marne department in northeast France.

Domqueur

Domqueur is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Abancourt

Abancourt is the name of two communes in France:


Dompierre-aux-Bois

Dompierre-aux-Bois is a commune of 40 people (2016). It is in Grand Est in the Meuse department in northeast France.

Dompierre-les-Tilleuls

Dompierre-les-Tilleuls is a commune of 292 people (2018). It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dompierre-les-Églises

Dompierre-les-Églises is a commune of 367 people (2018). It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Haute-Vienne department in west France.

Dompierre-les-Ormes

Dompierre-les-Ormes is a commune of 898 people (2018). It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Saône-et-Loire department in east France.

Dompierre-sous-Sanvignes

Dompierre-sous-Sanvignes is a commune of 80 people (2018). It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Saône-et-Loire department in east France.

Dompierre-sur-Charente

Dompierre-sur-Charente is a commune of 464 people (2018). It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Charente-Maritime department in southwest France.

Lunel

Lunel is a commune of 26,273 people (2018). It is in Occitanie in the Hérault department in south France.

Les Adrets-de-l'Estérel

Les Adrets-de-l'Estérel is a commune of 2,766 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Hellenthal

Hellenthal is a municipality in Euskirchen, a district "(Kreis)" in North Rhine-Westphalia.

Killing of Daunte Wright

On April 11, 2021 at around 2:00 p.m. EST, Daunte Wright, a 20-year-old black man, was shot and killed by police in Brooklyn Center, Minnesota as he attempted to re-enter his vehicle during a traffic stop. Wright drove several blocks before crashing his vehicle into another and was pronounced dead at the scene. The shooting sparked protests and demonstrations around the city, including looting and arson, leading to a city-wide curfew. The shooting occurred just 10 miles from the scene of the killing of George Floyd a year prior.

At around 2:00 local time on April 11, 2021, Brooklyn Center police pulled over Daunte Wright for having air freshener hanging from the rear-view mirror. During the stop, officers determined that Wright had an outstanding warrant and tried to detain him. Wright attempted to re-enter his vehicle and was shot by one of the officers. Wright drove away in his vehicle, making it a few blocks away before colliding with another vehicle. Officers administered CPR, but Wright was subsequently declared dead at the scene. A female passenger in the vehicle, Wright's girlfriend, was hospitalized with non-life-threatening injuries.

Following the shooting, mourners and protesters gathered near the scene, demanding justice for Wright. Police with riot control equipment attempted to restrain the crowd of several hundred people outside of a police precinct. Some in the crowd became unruly, hurling projectiles such as rocks at officers. There was also looting and arson, as more than 20 businesses were damaged in the riot, and police vehicles were vandalized as well.

Brooklyn Center Mayor Mike Elliott issued a city-wide curfew until 6:00 a.m. the following morning and local schools were closed, with students instead attending virtually. The National Guard was activated to assist with dispelling the violence.

Kall, North Rhine-Westphalia

Kall is a municipality in Euskirchen, a district "(Kreis)" in North Rhine-Westphalia.

Jim Cawley

James Cawley (born June 22, 1969) is an American politician who served as the 32nd Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania from 2011 to 2015. A Republican, he previously served on the Board of Commissioners of Bucks County, Pennsylvania. 

Prior to being elected to the Bucks County Board of Commissioners, he was Chief of Staff to State Senator Tommy Tomlinson. In 2000, he ran for a seat in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in the 141st District. Incumbent Democrat State Representative Anthony Melio won re-election by defeating Cawley 56%–42%. He was also a former Pennsylvania state chairman and national co-chairman of the College Republicans and served as an elected member of the Bristol Township School Board.

He served on the County Commissioner's Association of Pennsylvania's Energy, Environment, & Land Use Committee as Chairman. Jim is a former member of the board of directors for Lower Bucks Hospital, a former trustee of Bucks County Community College and a Commonwealth trustee of Temple University.
He was appointed to the Bucks County Board of Commissioners following the resignation of Mike Fitzpatrick (who had been elected to Congress).

In 2007, he won re-election with 26% of the vote.

He became chairman of the board after he was re-elected. According to self-supplied biographical information, he helped expand the Bucks County Community College, kept taxes low for four consecutive years, and helped increase the county's bond rating to its highest level ever.

Douilly

Douilly is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Dreuil-lès-Amiens

Dreuil-lès-Amiens is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Dury, Somme

Dury is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Société Générale

The Société Générale is a French banking group, one of the three big in France. It was founded in 1864, Paris. Now, it's head office is in La Défense, in the France, in the building known as "Tours Chassagne et Alicante". Although it is a French Bank, it owns lots of banks in other countries around the world.

Compression artifact

A compression artifact (or artefact) is a deliberate visible change in media (including images, audio, and video). It is caused by lossy compression. Lossy data compression removes some of the media's data. This way the data becomes small enough to be stored in the desired disk or transmitted inside the available bandwidth. If the compressor cannot store enough data in the compressed form, the result is a loss of quality, or introduction of artifacts.

The most common digital compression artifacts are DCT blocks. This is caused by the discrete cosine transform (DCT) compression algorithm used in many digital media, such as JPEG image compression, MP3 digital audio, and MPEG video coding formats. 

These compression artifacts appear when heavy compression is applied. It occurs often in common digital media, such as DVDs, common computer file formats such as JPEG, MP3 and MPEG files. It also occurs in some other alternatives to the compact disc like the as Sony's MiniDisc format. Uncompressed media (such as on Laserdiscs and WAV files) or losslessly compressed media (such as FLAC or PNG) do not suffer from compression artifacts.

Eaucourt-sur-Somme

Eaucourt-sur-Somme is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

L'Échelle-Saint-Aurin

L'Échelle-Saint-Aurin is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Éclusier-Vaux

Éclusier-Vaux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Lloyd Price

Lloyd Price (March 9, 1933 – May 3, 2021) was an American R&B vocalist. He was known as "Mr. Personality," because of his 1959 million-selling hit, "Personality." He was honored into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998.

Price lived in Westchester County, New York. He died on May 3, 2021 in New Rochelle, New York from problems caused by diabetes, aged 88.

Bobby Unser

Robert William Unser (February 20, 1934 – May 2, 2021) was an American automobile racer. 

He was the brother of Al Unser, Jerry Unser and Louis Unser, the father of Robby Unser and the uncle of Al Unser Jr. and Johnny Unser. 

He was one of ten drivers to have won the Indianapolis 500 three or more times and one of only two (followed by Rick Mears) to have won the 500 in three decades (1968, 1975, 1981).

Unser died on May 2, 2021, at the age of 87 at his home in Albuquerque, New Mexico.


Bermuda, Louisiana

Bermuda is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

George Jung

George Jacob Jung (August 6, 1942 – May 5, 2021), nicknamed Boston George and El Americano, was an American drug trafficker and smuggler. He was an important figure in the cocaine trade in the United States in the 1970s and early 1980s. 

Jung was a part of the Medellín Cartel, which was responsible for up to 90% of the cocaine smuggled into the United States. 

His life story was based in the biopic "Blow" (2001), starring Johnny Depp as Jung. Jung was released from prison on June 2, 2014, after serving nearly 20 years for drug smuggling.

Jung died at his home in Weymouth, Massachusetts from liver and kidney failure on May 5, 2021 at the age of 78.

Helen Murray Free

Helen Murray Free (February 20, 1923 – May 1, 2021) was an American chemist and educator. She is most known for creating many self-testing systems for diabetes and other diseases while working at Miles Laboratories. She helped create dip-and-read strips, which are still used to this day.

Free died on May 1, 2021, at a hospice facility in Elkhart, Indiana from problems caused by a stroke, aged 98.

Georgy Prokopenko

Georgy Yakovlevich Prokopenko (, ; 21 February 1937 – 5 May 2021) was a Soviet swimmer who competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics. 

In 1964 he won a silver medal in the 200 m breaststroke and finished fourth in the 4 × 100 m medley relay. He set two world records in the 100 m breaststroke in 1964.

Prokopenko was born in Kobeliaky, Poltava Oblast, then part of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic, in the Soviet Union. He died on 5 May 2021 at the age of 84.

Yitzhak Arad

Yitzhak Arad () (né Icchak Rudnicki; November 11, 1926 – May 6, 2021) was an Israeli historian, author, IDF brigadier general. He was director of Yad Vashem from 1972 to 1993. His written works focused on the history of the Holocaust.

Hohenwald, Tennessee

Hohenwald is a city in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Lewis County.

Jacksboro, Tennessee

Jacksboro is a town in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Campbell County.

Leonard Jeffries

Leonard Jeffries Jr. (born January 19, 1937) is an American academic and activist. He is a former professor of Black Studies at the City College of New York, part of the City University of New York (CUNY). He was born and raised in Newark, New Jersey.

Jeffries is known for his Pan-African Afrocentrist views that the role of African people in history and the accomplishments of African Americans are far more important than people know.

Jeffries' nephew, Hakeem Jeffries, has served in the US House of Representatives from the state of New York.

Forever Yours (1959 movie)

Forever Yours (, translit. Hubb lel-abad) is a 1959 Egyptian romantic drama movie directed by Youssef Chahine and starring Mahmoud el-Meliguy, Nadia Lutfi, Ahmed Ramzy.

Benigno Aquino III 2010 presidential campaign

The 2010 presidential campaign of Benigno Aquino III, who was at the time Philippine Senator, started when he said his candidacy for the presidency of the Philippines at the Club Filipino, North Greenhills, San Juan, Metro Manila, on September 9, 2009, 40 days after the death of his mother, former President Corazon Aquino. On September 21, 2009, Aquino's campaign announced that Senator Mar Roxas would be his running mate to be the Vice President.

On June 9, 2010, the Congress of the Philippines declared Aquino President-elect of the Philippines, winning the election with 15,208,678 votes and defeating Former President Joseph Estrada of the Pwersa ng Masang Pilipino and seven other candidates. Roxas, his vice presidential nominee, lost by a small amount to Estrada's running mate, Makati Mayor Jejomar Binay. Aquino, the tenth Philippine Senator to later be elected president, was officially inaugarated as the 15th President of the Philippines on June 30, 2010 at the Quirino Grandstand in Manila.

The Emigrant (1994 movie)

The Emigrant (, translit. Al Mohager) is a 1994 Egyptian French drama movie directed by Youssef Chahine and starring Hanan Tork, Khaled El Nabawy, Mahmoud Hemida, Yousra, Safia El Emari.

Dora the Explorer: Barnyard Buddies

Dora the Explorer: Barnyard Buddies is an action-adventure game developed and released by Gotham Games for the Sony PlayStation on November 18, 2003 in North America and released in the PAL regions on May 2, 2005.

It is the only Dora the Explorer game released for the PlayStation and is one of the last titles on the system as it is also one of the final games for the system following the discontinuation of the PlayStation in March, 2006. The game's cutscenes were used with Claymation. The game was met with mixed to positive reviews from critics.

Dora and Boots take a trip to the farm, but when they arrive they discover that someone has left the gate open and all the animals have wandered off. The player must help Dora find all 08 of the farm animals.


Shaggs' Own Thing

Shaggs' Own Thing is a 1982 compilation album with some music by The Shaggs from a recording session in 1975 on it. The music did not come out because Austin Wiggin (the band members' father and manager) died and the band ended after that.

The Shaggs' previous album, "Philosophy of the World", from 1969, was released again in 1980, and was popular, which is why this album was made. "Philosophy of the World" only has original songs, which were played badly in a unique way. "Shaggs' Own Thing" has other original songs, covers of popular songs from the early 1970s and a new version of "My Pal Foot Foot", which was from "Philosophy of the World", and sounds better because they practiced playing music, had learned the basics of popular music, had better singing voices and could play in pop music styles of the time better. Many people who like the band's music prefer the music of their earlier style, so they ignore this album.

The two male singers in "Shaggs' Own Thing" are Austin Wiggin Jr. and his adolescent son Robert.


The Indecent Woman

The Indecent Woman () is a 1991 Dutch erotic thriller drama movie directed by Ben Verbong and starring José Way, Coen van Vrijberghe de Coningh, Huub Stapel, Lydia van Nerdena, Marieke van Leeuwen, Theo de Groot, Peter Bolhuis.

Uncle Marin, the Billionaire

Uncle Marin, the Billionaire () is a 1979 Romanian comedy movie directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu and starring Amza Pellea, Draga Olteanu Matei, Jean Constantin, Ștefan Mihăilescu-Brăila, Sebastian Papaiani, Brandusa Manu, Ștefan Bănică.

Seixal

Seixal is a city and a municipality in the Setúbal District in Portugal. In 2011, 184,269 people lived here.


Badia Tedalda

Badia Tedalda is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Bibbiena

Bibbiena is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Bucine

Bucine is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Castiglion Fiorentino

Castiglion Fiorentino is an Italian town in Tuscany. It has about 13,000 inhabitants.

Terranuova Bracciolini

Terranuova Bracciolini is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

St Paul's Church, Hadley Wood

St Paul's Church is a Church of England proprietary chapel and conventional district in Hadley Wood, London. 

During World War I, the Church Room served as a canteen and recreation room for servicemen stationed in Hadley Wood and was also used for lectures and evening meetings. 

In 1999 the Bishop of London, the Rt Rev, and Rt Hon Richard Chartres constituted St Paul’s Church as a Conventional District which conferred the legal status of a parish and included the right to appoint an independent Minister. St Paul’s thus became operationally independent from 2000.

On 11th November 2018, the ending of the Great War was marked by the unveiling of a Roll of Honour Board, crafted locally in English oak, to commemorate the local men who lost their lives in World Wars I and II. This was and remains the only war memorial in Hadley Wood. 

St Paul’s Church currently belongs to the Conservative Evangelical tradition of the Church of England. During the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic, St Paul's Church began broadcasting its services online. 

Capolona

Capolona is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Caprese Michelangelo

Caprese Michelangelo is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Renaissance artist Michelangelo was born here.

Übermensch

Übermensch is a concept from philosophy. The concept is used to describe a human that has outgrown himself or herself, that is no longer burdened by the sorrows of ordinary people. Today, the concept is mainly known from the philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche who, in his 1883 book "Thus Spoke Zarathustra" (German: "Also sprach Zarathustra"), Nietzsche has his character Zarathustra suggest the Übermensch as a goal for humanity to set for itself. Nietzsche thought that the moral values of the Catholic Church were outdated. For him, an "Übermensch" is one that is able to develop moral values which are not based on religion, but rather, rooted in Nihilism. When Nietsche used the term, he took most of the ideas from the French philosopher Claude Adrien Helvétius. Helvetius used the term "homme supérieur."

The idea itself is much older: Dionysius of Halicarnassus talked about a "hyperanthropos" (hyper: above, "anthropos": human) in the first century BC. He lived c. 60 – after 7 BC) and was a Greek historian and teacher of rhetoric.

Lucian used the term, to talk about noblemen, who would be "cut back to their real size" in the realm of the dead. In his Divine Comedy, Dante used the hapax legomenon "transhumana"r to refer to the Übermensch. Transhumanar is a verb. The writings of Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite influenced Dante Pseudo-Dyonysius is an early Christian writer from Syria, who lived in the 6th century. He is not known by name, but used the pen name Dionysius Areopagita. Dionysius Areopagita lived in the 1st century, and was one of the bishops of Athens. Thomas Aquinas, Augustine of Hippo, and Matthew also had similar ideas. 


My Life (Clinton autobiography)

My Life is a 2004 autobiography written by former U.S. President Bill Clinton. It was released on June 22, 2004, around three years after Clinton left office. The book was published by the Knopf Publishing Group and became a bestseller. The book sold 2.3 million copies. Clinton received a $15 million advance for the book, which at the time was the highest such fee ever paid by a publisher.

Washington Monthly

The Washington Monthly is a bimonthly nonprofit magazine of United States politics and government. It is based in Washington, D.C. The magazine is known for its annual ranking of American colleges and universities. It is seen as an alternative to the "Forbes" and "U.S. News & World Report" rankings.

The politics of "Washington Monthly" are often seen as center-left.

Rogers Morton

Rogers Clark Ballard Morton (September 19, 1914 – April 19, 1979) was an American politician. He was the U.S. Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Commerce during the administrations of Presidents Richard M. Nixon and Gerald Ford. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Maryland between 1963 until 1971.

Morton died on April 19, 1979 in Easton, Maryland from prostate cancer at the age of 64.

Kansas's 6th congressional district

Kansas's 6th congressional district is an congressional district that is no longer in use for representation in the United States House of Representatives.

It existed from 1885 to 1963. Bob Dole was the last person to represent the district. It was located in north central and northwest Kansas nearby Hays, with Goodland at the western edge of the district and Salina and Concordia at the eastern edge.


Wounded in action

Wounded in Action (WIA) is when military people have been wounded while fighting in a combat zone during wartime, but have not been killed. This often means that they are temporarily or permanently unable to fight. Generally, the Wounded in Action are far more numerous than those killed.

10th Mountain Division

The 10th Mountain Division is a unit of the United States Army, now serving under the XVIII Airborne Corps. It has fought in many battles and actions, including the Battle of Mogadishu and many of the actions fought by its corps. The unit's specialty involves moving across mountainous terrain and fighting effectively in harsh conditions. Like the rest of the corps, it is an elite unit that can be transported (albeit in an unlikely case) through airborne means. It is now based at Fort Drum, New York.

More recently, the 10th Mountain has been conducting operations in Iraq.

Keith Sebelius

Keith George Sebelius (September 10, 1916 – August 5, 1982) was an American politician. He was in the United States House of Representatives as a Republican, representing Kansas from 1969 until 1981.

Sebelius died at a hospital in Norton, Kansas on August 5, 1982 from prostate cancer at the age of 65.

Wint Smith

Wint Smith (October 7, 1892 – April 27, 1976) was an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative from Kansas from 1947 to 1961.

Smith voted against the Civil Rights Acts of 1957 and 1960.

Sheila Frahm

Sheila Sloan Frahm (born March 22, 1945) is an American politician. She was the U.S. Senator from Kansas as a Republican for a short time in 1996. She replaced Senator Bob Dole who retired to focus on his 1996 presidential campaign.

Frahm lost in the Republican primary in the special senate election to keep her senate seat to Sam Brownback.

Frank Carlson

Frank Carlson (January 23, 1893May 30, 1987) was an American politician. He was the 30th Governor of Kansas, Kansas State Representative, United States Representative, and United States Senator from Kansas. Carlson is the only Kansan to have held all four offices. 

His political career last for 40 years, beginning in November 1928 and ending in January 1969.
Carlson voted in favor of the Civil Rights Acts of 1957, 1964, and 1968, as well as the 24th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, and the confirmation of Thurgood Marshall to the U.S. Supreme Court, but did not vote on the Civil Rights Act of 1960.

Untermensch

Untermensch (plural: Untermenschen) is a term many racist ideologiers use. It can be translated as sub-human or under-human. Nietzsche, and others developed the term Übermensch, to refer to someone who has outgrown himself, and who no longer has all the problems ordinary people have For the Nazis, the Übermensch was someone of Aryan descent. The Untermensch, on the other hand was used for all the people of the races seen as inferior, such as the Jews, the Slavic people, gypsies or black people. 

When the Nazis invaded the Soviet Union, Heinrich Himmler published a booklet, called "Der Untermensch". This brochure was distributed in Germany: it was made to increase the hatred towards the people of the Soviet Union (note: not the Slavic people, the term Slavic people never occurs in the brochure). The booklet was very popular, also with the German allies, such as the people in Croatia, Slovakia or Bulgaria. These people received copies in their own language. The booklet didn't provide much information about the Soviet union, it was mainly used to race hatred. Some people in the Nazi government were against the publication of the booklet: they thought they could convince the common people of the Soviet Union to fight against the Bolsheviks in power. During 1942, the publication of the booklet was stopped.

In 1924, Fritz Lang published his movie "Die Nibelungen", where he shows that the smith Mime (also called Mimir) as an Untermensch. During the Wochenschau, the Nazis showed several movies with Russian people in simple wooden houses, travelling on badly maintained roads. This was done to show the German people how inferior the people of the Soviet Union were. Needless to say: these clips also were propaganda. 

Movies that were made after the second world war, also show the concept of Untermensch: Louis de Funès has a few of these movies: In his movies, the term is not used for people of other nations seen as inferior, but rather: for people of the own nations, who have character traits that are seen as bad.

During the Second World War, Japan expanded to China and in Southeast Asia. During that time, prisoners of war and civilians were used for experiments on humans. Unit 731 became known for experiments with chemiclal agents and pathogens, such as those causingthe plague, or smallpox. They also did experiments with poison gas. In Japanese, the people were called "maruta," which can be translated as wood, or material. This a similar value judgement than that of Untermensch.

United States Senate Committee on Finance

The United States Senate Committee on Finance (or, less formally, Senate Finance Committee) is a standing committee of the United States Senate. The Committee focuses on issues relating to taxation and other revenue measures generally. It is considered to be one of the most powerful committees in Congress.

Senate Republican Conference

The Senate Republican Conference is the formal organization of the Republican Senators in the United States Senate. The mission of the conference is about informing the media of the opinions and activities of Senate Republicans. Today the Senate Republican Conference helps Republican Senators by giving them communications services including graphics, radio, television, and the Internet. 

Its current Chairman is Senator John Barrasso, and its Vice Chairwoman is currently Senator Joni Ernst.

Senate Democratic Caucus

The Democratic Caucus of the United States Senate, sometimes referred to as the Democratic Conference, is the formal organization of all senators who are part of the Democratic Party in the United States Senate. 

For the makeup of the 117th Congress, the caucus additionally includes two independent senators (Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Angus King of Maine) who caucus with the Democrats, bringing the current total to 50 members. 


United States Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

The Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry is a committee of the United States Senate empowered with legislative oversight of all issues relating to the nation's agriculture industry, farming programs, forestry and logging, and legislation relating to nutrition, home economics, and rural development.

The current Chair is Democrat Debbie Stabenow of Michigan, and the Ranking Member is Republican John Boozman of Arkansas.

William H. Avery (politician)

William Henry Avery (August 11, 1911 – November 4, 2009) was an American Republican Party politician who was the 37th Governor of Kansas from 1965 until 1967. He also representaed Kansas in the United States House of Representatives from 1955 until 1965.

Avery died on November 4, 2009 in Wakefield, Kansas at the age of 98.

Wakefield, Kansas

Wakefield is a city in Clay County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had 858 people living here.

Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation

The Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation (VOC) is a non-profit anti-communist organization in the United States. It was created by an Act of Congress in 1993 for the purpose of "educating Americans about the ideology, history and legacy of communism."

The organization was responsible for building the Victims of Communism Memorial in Washington, D.C. It is a member of the European Union's Platform of European Memory and Conscience.

Alston &amp; Bird

Alston & Bird LLP is an international global law firm with over 800 lawyers in 13 offices throughout the United States, Europe, U.K., and Asia. 

The firm gives legal services to domestic and international clients worldwide. Alston & Bird has advised companies including Amazon.com, The Coca-Cola Company, Microsoft, Bank of America, Starbucks, Toyota, Dell, UPS, and Nokia. 

For the past 22 years, "Fortune" has ranked the firm in the 100 Best Companies to Work For list. 

Law firm

A law firm is a business group formed by one or more lawyers for the practice of law. The main reason of a law firm is to advise clients (individuals or corporations) about their legal rights and responsibilities, and to represent clients in civil or criminal cases, business transactions, and other matters in which legal advice or help is needed.

1988 Republican Party presidential primaries

The 1988 Republican presidential primaries were the selection process that Republican voters used to choose their nominee for President of the United States in the 1988 U.S. presidential election. 

Incumbent Vice President George H.W. Bush won the nomination after winning the delegation count needed through primary elections and caucuses. He was formally nominated at the 1988 Republican National Convention held from August 15 to August 18, 1988, in New Orleans, Louisiana.

1996 Republican Party presidential primaries

The 1996 Republican presidential primaries were how voters of the Republican Party chose its nominee for President of the United States in the 1996 U.S. presidential election. 

Senator Bob Dole of Kansas, the former Senate Majority Leader won the nomination after winning the delagets needed through a series of primary elections and caucuses. He was formally nominated at the 1996 Republican National Convention held from August 12 to August 15, 1996, in San Diego, California.

The primary also saw the unexpected success of non-politically experienced officeholders Pat Buchanan and Steve Forbes winning a few states and some second place finishes.


1996 Republican National Convention

The 1996 National Convention of the Republican Party of the United States met at the San Diego Convention Center (SDCC) in San Diego, California, from August 12 to August 15, 1996. 

The convention nominated former Senator Bob Dole from Kansas, for president and former Representative and secretary of Housing and Urban Development Jack Kemp, from suburban Buffalo, New York, for vice president.

The Republican National Committee had narrowed their search for a site to three bidding cities, San Diego, New Orleans, and San Antonio. They eventually picked San Diego.

Speakers included former Presidents Gerald Ford and George H. W. Bush, former First Lady Nancy Reagan (who spoke for her husband Ronald Reagan) and former Vice President Dan Quayle.

Winfield Scott Hancock

Winfield Scott Hancock (February 14, 1824 – February 9, 1886) was a United States Army officer and the Democratic nominee for President of the United States in 1880. He served in the Mexican–American War and as a Union general in the American Civil War. He was known for his leadership at the Battle of Gettysburg in 1863.

Hancock lost the 1880 elected to Republican James A. Garfield by a small margin. 


Kappa Sigma

Kappa Sigma (ΚΣ), commonly known as Kappa Sig, is an American college social fraternity founded at the University of Virginia in 1869. Kappa Sigma is one of the five largest international fraternities with currently 318 active chapters and colonies in North America. 

Its endowment fund, founded in 1919, has donated more than $5 million to undergrads since 1948. In 2012 alone, the Fraternity's endowment fund raised over $1 million in donations.

Anaphia

Anaphia, also known as tactile anesthesia, is a medical symptom in which there is a total or partial loss of the sense of touch.

Anaphia is a common symptom of spinal cord injury and neuropathy.

Castel d'Aiano

Castel d'Aiano (Medial Mountain Bolognese: ) is a "comune" (municipality) near Bologna in the northern Italian region of Emilia-Romagna. It is located about southwest of Bologna.

Civil Rights Act of 1968

The Civil Rights Act of 1968 () is a landmark law in the United States signed into law by United States President Lyndon B. Johnson during the King assassination riots.

The 1968 act expanded on previous acts and did not allow discrimination on race, sex, or religion concerning the sale, rental, and financing of housing. Since 1988, the act protects people with disabilities and families with children. Pregnant women are also protected from illegal discrimination because they have been given familial status with their unborn child being the other family member.

Title X, commonly known as the Anti-Riot Act, makes it a felony to carry on a riot.

The initial vote in the House of Representatives was 327–93 (161–25 in the House Republican Conference and 166–67 in the House Democratic Caucus) with 12 members voting present or abstaining, while in the Senate the final vote with amendments was 71–20 (29–3 in the Senate Republican Conference and 42–17 in the Senate Democratic Caucus) with 5 members voting present or abstaining. 

1995–1996 United States federal government shutdowns

The United States federal government shutdowns of 1995 and 1995–96 was caused by problems between Democratic President Bill Clinton and the Republican Congress over funding for education, the environment, and public health in the 1996 federal budget. The shutdowns lasted from November 14 through November 19, 1995, and from December 16, 1995, to January 6, 1996, for 5 and 21 days.

The first shutdown happened after Clinton vetoed the spending bill the Republican-controlled Congress sent him, as Clinton did not support the budget cuts favored by Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich and other Republicans. The first budget shutdown ended after Congress passed a temporary budget bill, but the government shut down again after Republicans and Democrats were unable to agree on a long-term budget bill. The second shutdown ended with congressional Republicans accepting Clinton's budget proposal. The first of the two shutdowns caused the furlough of about 800,000 workers, while the second caused about 284,000 workers to be furloughed.

Polling generally showed that most respondents blamed congressional Republicans for the shutdowns, and Clinton's handling of the shutdowns helped his successful campaign in the 1996 presidential election. The second of the two shutdowns was the longest government shutdown in U.S. history until the 2018–2019 government shutdown passed it in January 2019.


Cheitharol Kumbaba

The Cheitharol Kumbaba, originally spelt as the Cheithalol Kumpapa, is the royal court chronicle of the rulers of the Ningthouja dynasty of Manipur. It records various historical events happened in different reigns of the succeeding rulers right from the reign of Nongta Lailen Pakhangpa in 33 AD.



Embreville

Embreville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ennemain

Ennemain is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Épaumesnil

Épaumesnil is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Épécamps

Épécamps is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

The commune is the smallest village by population in the department.

Épehy

Épehy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Épénancourt

Épénancourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Shija Laioibi

Shija Laioibi or Sija Laioibi (literally, ""a princess who became a goddess"" or ""a princess who looks after a God""), also known as Shija Lailotpi or Bimbabati, is the daughter of King Rajarshi Bhagyachandra and the princess of Medieval Manipur. She is said to be the dancer of the Manipuri Rasa Leela dance in the premise of the Shri Govindaji Temple, notably by wearing the potloi, for the first time in the history of Manipur. She remained to be a spinster for her whole life, dedicating herself as the spiritual consort (or "female devotee") of Hindu God Krishna, for which she earned the title "Mirabai of the Hindu Manipuris". She is a popular figure in the Manipuri Vaishnavism. Later, she ended her life in Nabadwip, the birthplace of Lord Chaitanya.

Brioux-sur-Boutonne

Brioux-sur-Boutonne is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Deux-Sèvres department in west France.

The Famous Paparazzo

The Famous Paparazzo () is a 1999 Romanian action drama movie directed by Nicolae Mărgineanu and starring Marcel Iureș, Maria Ploae, Gheorghe Dinică, Draga Olteanu Matei, Alexandru Repan, Gheorghe Visu, Vlad Ivanov, George Alexandru, Valentin Teodosiu.

Chef-Boutonne

Chef-Boutonne is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Deux-Sèvres department in west France. On 1 January 2019, the former communes of La Bataille, Crézières and Tillou were merged into the commune of Chef-Boutonne.

La Bataille

La Bataille is a former commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Deux-Sèvres department in west France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Chef-Boutonne.

Crézières

Crézières is a former commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Deux-Sèvres department in west France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Chef-Boutonne.

Tillou

Tillou is a former commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Deux-Sèvres department in west France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Chef-Boutonne.

Mauzé-Thouarsais

Mauzé-Thouarsais is a former commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Deux-Sèvres department in west France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Thouars.

Better Days (movie)

Better Days () is a 2019 Hong Kong Chinese romantic crime drama movie directed by Derek Tsang and was based on the novel "In His Youth, In Her Beauty" by Jiu Yuexi. It stars Zhou Dongyu, Jackson Yee, Huang Jue, Wu Yue, Zhou Ye and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2021.

A Rumor of Love

A Rumor of Love (also known as The Love Rumor; , translit. "Eshaet Hob" or "Ishayat hub") is a 1960 Egyptian romantic comedy movie directed by Fatin Abdel Wahab and starring Omar Sharif, Soad Hosny, Youssef Wahbi, Ehsan Sherif, Gamal Ramses.

Appropriations bill (United States)

In the United States Congress, an appropriations bill is legislation to legally allow federal funds to specific federal government departments, agencies and programs. The money provides funding for operations, personnel, equipment and activities. 

Federal City Council

Federal City Council is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that promotes economic development in the city of Washington, D.C., in the United States. It was created on September 13, 1954, it is one of the most powerful private groups in the city. 

The group supports the building of Southwest D.C., the construction of the Washington Metro subway system, the construction of the city's first and second convention centers, the construction of the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center, and the construction of the Verizon Center. 

World War II Memorial

The World War II Memorial is a memorial dedicated to Americans who served in the armed forces and as civilians during World War II.

It has 56 pillars, representing U.S. states and territories, and a pair of small triumphal arches for the Atlantic and Pacific theaters, surrounding an oval plaza and fountain, it sits on the National Mall in Washington, D.C.. It is on the former site of the Rainbow Pool at the eastern end of the Reflecting Pool, between the Lincoln Memorial and the Washington Monument. 

It was opened on April 29, 2004 and was dedicated by President George W. Bush on May 29, 2004. More than 4.6 million people visited the memorial in 2018.

Bipartisan Policy Center

The Bipartisan Policy Center (BPC) is a Washington, D.C.–based think tank that promotes bipartisanship. The organization wants to combine ideas from both the Republican and Democratic parties to fix challenges in the United States. BPC was founded in 2007 by former Senate Majority Leaders Howard Baker, Tom Daschle, Bob Dole, and George J. Mitchell. As of 2021, the founding and current president is Jason Grumet.

Bipartisanship

Bipartisanship, sometimes referred to as nonpartisanship, is a political issue, usually when there is a two-party system (especially those of the United States), in which opposing political parties find common ground through compromise.

Commission on Presidential Debates

The Commission on Presidential Debates (CPD) is a nonprofit corporation created in 1987 under the joint sponsorship of the Democratic and Republican political parties in the United States. The CPD sponsors and produces debates for U.S. presidential and vice-presidential candidates with research and educational activities relating to the debates. 

It has run all of the presidential debates held since 1988. The commission's debates are sponsored by private funding and donations from foundations and corporations as well as fees from hosting institutions.

Public service announcement

A public service announcement (PSA) is a message given to the public about issues without charge. The goal is raising awareness of, and changing public opinion towards, a social issue. In the UK, they are generally called 'public information films' (PIFs). They became popular during World War II.

Presidential Citizens Medal

The Presidential Citizens Medal is an award given by the President of the United States. It is the second-highest civilian award in the United States, behind the Presidential Medal of Freedom. It was created by executive order on November 13, 1969, by President Richard Nixon, it honors an individual "who has performed exemplary deeds or services for his or her country or fellow citizens." 

Only United States citizens are eligible for the medal, which may be awarded posthumously.

Teachers Rachel Davino, Anne Marie Murphy, Lauren Rousseau, and Victoria Soto and school administrators Mary Sherlach and Dawn Hochsprung, who died in the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting defending their students, were jointly awarded the 2012 Citizens Medal posthumously.

National Flag Decoration

The National Flag Decoration () is one of the highest decorations to be given in Albania, among the civil awards and decorations. It was created on 28 March 1996.

This award is given to Albanians or foreigners for extraordinary contributions to Albania.

Hong Nam-ki

Hong Nam-ki (; born 29 July 1960) is a South Korean politician. He was the Minister of Economy and Finance and Deputy Prime Minister of South Korea under President Moon Jae-in from November 2018 to May 2022. 

In April 2021, Hong became the Acting Prime Minister following the resignation of Chung Sye-kyun.

Kim Boo-kyum

Kim Boo-kyum (; born 21 January 1958) is a South Korean activist and politician. He was the 43rd Prime Minister of South Korea from 2021 until 2022. He was the former Minister of Interior and Safety from 2017 to 2019. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

He also was the Member of the National Assembly for Suseong 1st constituency from 2016 to 2020 and for Gunpo from 2000 to 2012.

Gustavo Petro

Gustavo Francisco Petro Urrego (; born 19 April 1960) is a Colombian politician who is the President of Colombia since 2022. Petro was a Senator from 2018 until 2022. He was senator before from 2006 until 2010. He was mayor of Bogotá from 2012 until 2015. From 1991 until 1994 and again from 1998 until 2006, Petro was a member of the Colombia House of Representatives.

At aged 17, Petro became a member of the guerrilla group 19th of April Movement and was part of the group when he was elected to the House of Representatives.

He ran for the presidency of Colombia in the 2010 election, finishing fourth in the race. Petro ran again for president and came in second in the first round of the 2018 election with over 25% of the votes and lost in the run-off election on June 17 to Iván Duque Márquez.

Petro ran again for president in the 2022 election. His campaign focused on climate change and reducing Greenhouse gas emissions that cause it by ending fossil fuel exploration in Colombia. In May 2022, he came in first place in the first round of voting and advanced to the June run-off against right-wing populist Rodolfo Hernández Suárez. In June 2022, he won the election by a 50% to 47% margin and became the country's first left-wing president in Colombia's history.

Petro was born in Ciénaga de Oro, Córdoba. His parents were farmers. He was raised Roman Catholic, although he is not very religious.

Petro studied at the Colegio de Hermanos de La Salle. He founded the student newspaper "Carta al Pueblo" ("Letter to the People"). At the age of 17 he became a member of the 19th of April Movement. During his time in 19 April Petro became a leader, and was elected ombudsman of Zipaquirá in 1981 and councilman from 1984 to 1986. In 1985, Petro was arrested by the army for the crime of illegal possession of arms. He was convicted and sentenced to 18 months in prison.

Petro graduated with a degree in economics from the Universidad Externado de Colombia. He earned a master's degree in economics from the Universidad Javeriana. He also studied at the University of Salamanca in Spain.

In 2002, Petro was elected to the Chamber of Representatives representing Bogotá. During this period he was named "Best Congressman". In 2006, Petro was elected to the Senate. When he was a senator, Petro was against the government of Álvaro Uribe.

During his time in the senate, Petro and his family would get many death threats. In May 2007, some members of the Colombian Army were caught spying on Petro and his family.

After not winning the 2018 presidential election, Petro returned to the Senate in July 2018. He left office in July 2022, a few weeks before his presidential inauguration.

In 2008, Petro announced his candidacy for President of Colombia in the 2010 election. He wanted to fix the government system in Colombia and eventually won the Alternative Democratic Pole nomination in September 2009.

In the presidential election held on 30 May 2010, Petro did better than polls had thought he would. He won a total of 1,331,267 votes, 9.1% of the total, finishing as the fourth candidate.

When he was mayor, he made it illegal to carry firearms, which lowered the murder rate in the city. During his time, pro-feminist and LGBT centers were created as well as abortion care places.

In 2014, there was a recall vote to remove Petro from office, which many saw as politically motivated and he was removed from mayor and banned from politics for a short time during this year. Eventually he returned as mayor to finish his term after many legal challenges.

In 2018, Gustavo Petro was again a presidential candidate, this time getting the second best result in voting counting in the first round on 27 May, and advanced to the second round. During this time, right-wing political enemies of Petro accused him of corruption. During this campaign, he showed support for universal health care, public banking, against fracking and mining in favor of clean energy, and land reform. He lost the election to Ivan Duque while Petro returned to the Senate.

During this time, Petro received death threats from the paramilitary group Águilas Negras.

In 2021, Petro announced his candidacy for the 2022 elections. In September 2021, Petro announced that he would retire from politics if he were to lose this election. During this campaign, he focused on climate change reform, clean energy and fixing the country's economic inequalities. He also promised to raise taxes on the richest 4,000 Colombians and would support having President Iván Duque be on trial for police brutality committed during the 2021 Colombian protests. When he won the Historic Pact primary, Petro picked Afro-Colombian human rights and environmental activist Francia Márquez, to be his running mate.

Petro and his running mate Francia Márquez got many death threats from paramilitary groups while on the campaign trail. He had cancelled rallies in Colombiaʼs coffee region in early May 2022 after his security team found a plot by the La Cordillera gang. Many international politics signed a letter in support of Petro and criticized the rise of political violence in Colombia. Some of the people who signed were former Ecuadorian president Rafael Correa, American linguist and philosopher Noam Chomsky and member of the French National Assembly Jean-Luc Mélenchon. During the campaign, Petro was supported by former Uruguayan president José Mujica and former Spanish prime minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero.

Petro won the most votes in the first round held on 29 May but did not win more than 50% of the vote to avoid a second round. He faced the former mayor of Bucaramanga and businessman, Rodolfo Hernández Suárez in the run-off on 19 June. In the second round, Petro and Márquez won the election by winning 50.44% of the popular vote against Hernández.

Petro was sworn in on 7 August 2022.

Large protests began in Colombia on 26 September 2022 against reforms and the government of President Petro. Throughout 2023, Petro's disapproval rating rose, rising to 53% disapproving of his performance in March 2023.

He has been criticized for his tackling of crime, his stalled reforms in the legislative branch, his disagreements with the Office of the Attorney General of Colombia, and scandal involving Chief of Staff Laura Sarabia. By June 2023, 33% of Colombians approved of Petro's performance, and 61% disapproved.

Petro was married three times. His first marriage to Katia Burgos ended in divorce and with one son. He was married to Mary Luz Herrán from 1992 until 2003, which also ended in divorce. They had two children. In 2003, he married Verónica Alcocer and they had two children together and he also adopted Alcocer's son from another marriage.


Pedro Castillo

José Pedro Castillo Terrones (born 19 October 1969) is a Peruvian former schoolteacher, farmer, union leader and politician who was the 63rd President of Peru from 2021 to 2022. Castillo attempted to illegally dissolve Congress through a self-coup on 7 December 2022 while citing Congress' efforts to block his attempted policies, resulting in the legislative body impeaching and removing him from office the same day.

Castillo was born to two illiterate peasants in the town of Puña, Tacabamba, Chota Province, Department of Cajamarca. Cajamarca, despite being the location of South America's largest gold mine, has remained one of the poorest regions in Peru. He is the third child of nine in his parent's family.

During the internal conflict that began in the 1980s, Castillo worked in his youth as a patrolman of the Ronda Campesina to defend against Shining Path. A former student of Castillo, Nilver Herrera, followed him into the Ronda Campesina, saying that Castillo "was always trying to help people, ... If we had to build a road, he was there, if we had to do some task or errand, he was there, and if we had to help a sick person who didn’t have money, he was there." These groups held certain leftist beliefs, though they combatted left-wing terrorism in rural areas not under the scope of the Peruvian government.

He completed his elementary and high school education at the Octavio Matta Contreras de Cutervo Higher Pedagogical Institute and earned a bachelor's degree in education and a master's degree in Educational Psychology from the César Vallejo University.

Since 1995, Castillo has worked as a primary school teacher at School 10465 in the town of Puña, Chota, where he was responsible for cooking, cleaning and teaching for the students in his classroom.

He became a well known leading figure in the 2017 teacher strike in Peru. He ran for President of Peru in the 2021 general election with Free Peru and defeated Keiko Fujimori in the run-off election in June.

Since taking office, Castillo has distanced himself from Free Peru and became more moderate. He faced two impeachment proceedings in the Peruvian Congress, although both failed to reach the necessary votes to remove him from office. With the country's raising inflation and disapproval of his presidency, massive protests against Castillo began in March 2022.

His administration has not been able to find a solution to the political crisis and the economic issues the country had. Castillo ultimately left the Free Peru party in June 2022 to govern as an independent. In July 2022, a fifth investigation was launched into Castillo's possible corruption involvements. 

Peru's Congress approved on 1 December a motion to start impeachment proceedings against Castillo. On 7 December it was reported that Castillo had declared a national curfew and attempted to dissolve Congress in order to stop the impeachment process. Shortly after his declaration, most of his cabinet resigned and he was impeached.


Shaun Bailey, Baron Bailey of Paddington

Shaun Sharif Bailey, Baron Bailey of Paddington (born May 1971) is a British politician. He has been a member of the London Assembly since 2016. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He was the party's candidate for Mayor of London in the 2021 election.

The Weekend Top 30

The Weekend Top 30 (also called The WT30 Countdown or Hollywood Hamilton's Weekend Top 30) is a syndicated radio program. The Weekend Top 30 was created by Sean Hamilton in 1997 and was hosted by Sean Hamilton until his retirement in 2021.

Sean Hollywood Hamilton was heard over a hundred and twenty radio stations worldwide every weekend, including Asia.

The three shows Have ended production and distribution the weekend of June 26-27, 2021.

There were two versions that have been launch a rhythmic (Chr) and dance formats. The rhythmic (Chr) version hosted by Dj Pup Dawg, mainly focused on hip hop and R&B, also some dance music. Despite the end of syndication, the rhythmic version continues to be broadcast both on radio and on the music streaming service Mixcloud under the name "DJ Pup Dawg’s Top 30 Countdown".

The Remix Top 30 played the same songs that were on The WT 30 (Chr) version but they were remixed, both The Weekend Top 30 (Chr) version and The Remix Top 30 is hosted by Sean Hamilton.

Ruffle (software)

Ruffle is an open source program that runs Flash content. It is written in Rust. The emulator can be ran on Windows, macOS, Linux or major web browsers.

Adobe Flash was very popular to use for many types of media, such as videos, games and interactive applications, in the 2000s and early 2010s.

HTML5, a version of HTML which does these things better, slowly made Flash less popular. From 2015, Adobe has openly said HTML5 is better because it is a full open standard. Flash continued to become less popular. In 2017, Adobe said they plan to retire Flash by 2020.

It is often not recommended to create Flash content now, but being able to run old SWF files has been a major digital preservation worry.

Google Labs closed Swiffy, which could convert Flash content to HTML5, in 2016.

In 2016, Mike Welsh started the project, which was named Fluster.

"Ruffle" is open source. Its source code is available on GitHub.

Some websites have said they will use "Ruffle" instead of Flash as early as 2019. For example:

"Ruffle" can run older Flash content, which uses ActionScript 1.0 or ActionScript 2.0. ActionScript 3.0 support will come.



Margaret Pomeranz

Margaret Pomeranz (née Jones-Owen; born 14 July 1944) is an Australian anti-censorship critic, television personality writer and She was held by police at the 2003 protest screening of the controversial movie "Ken Park". The movie was banned in Australia due to its portraying underage sexual activity.

Pomeranz had an uncredited role in the movie "The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert" in 1994.

Margaret Pomeranz was born in Waverley, a suburb of Sydney in New South Wales.

Merida tree frog

The Merida tree frog ("Dendropsophus meridensis") is a frog that lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 2200 and 3400 meters above sea level.

Periostracum

Periostracum is a thin coat or skin on the outside of the shells of molluscs, brachiopods and other animals with shells.

Castel Focognano

Castel Focognano is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Castel San Niccolò

Castel San Niccolò is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Jerago con Orago

Jerago con Orago is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Castiglion Fibocchi

Castiglion Fibocchi is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Cavriglia

Cavriglia is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Chitignano

Chitignano is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Pomarance

Pomarance is a "comune" in the Province of Pisa in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Chiusi della Verna

Chiusi della Verna is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Civitella in Val di Chiana

Civitella in Val di Chiana is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Foiano della Chiana

Foiano della Chiana is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Castelfranco Piandiscò

Castelfranco Piandiscò is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany. It was created on 1 January 2014 from the former municipalities of Castelfranco di Sopra and Pian di Scò.

Pian di Scò

Pian di Scò was a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Castelfranco di Sopra and Pian di Scò merged to form the new municipality of Castelfranco Piandiscò.

Fatherland Front (Austria)

The Fatherland's Front (original German: Vaterländische Front, VF) was an organization that existed in Austria from 1933 to 1938, the Anschluss. Engelbert Dollfuß created it. was the only political party that was allowed at the time. It wanted to unite all citizens, in an independent, Christian German state, that was organized along the lines of professions. Dollfuss led the organization, until his death in 1934. From that time, to 1936, Ernst Rüdiger Starhemberg, was its leader. When Kurt Schuschnigg came to power in 1936, he also took its leadeship. When Arthur Seyß-Inquart came to power in 1938, he disbanded the organization, and the NSDAP took its functions. 

Loro Ciuffenna

Loro Ciuffenna is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Islam in South Asia

Islam is the second largest practiced religion in the Indian subcontinent, after Hinduism. There are approximately 570 million Muslims worldwide living in the Indian subcontinent (especially India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan). There are 4 South Asian countries which have Islam as the majority religion, which are the Maldives, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Bangladesh. Islam is the second largest religion in India, while in Nepal and Sri Lanka, it is the third largest religion.

Herstadberg

Herstadberg is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 236 people lived there.

Öbonäs

Öbonäs is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 457 people lived there.

Graversfors

Graversfors is a locality in Norrköping Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 246 people lived there.

Nettersheim

Nettersheim is a municipality in Euskirchen, a district "(Kreis)" in North Rhine-Westphalia.


Weilerswist

Weilerswist is a municipality in Euskirchen, a district "(Kreis)" in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Feichten

Feichten, also known as Feichten an der Alz, is a municipality in Altötting, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria. It's official name is Feichten a.d.Alz.

Kirchweidach

Kirchweidach is a municipality in Altötting, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Racketeering

Racketeering is a type of organized crime in which there is a fraudulent or illegal scheme to repeatedly or consistenly collect money or other profit.

Racketeering might refer to an organized criminal act in which the criminals fraudulently offer services that will not be put into effect or services to problems that do not exist. In many other cases, though, the traditonal racketeering may involve criminals offering an effectual service, like protection from other criminals. 

The terms "racketeering" and "racketeer" were first used back in 1927. The terms came from a statement of the influence of organized crime within the Teamsters union.

Examples of organized crime include, though are not limited to, Dog fighting, drug trafficking, credit card fraud, money laundering and bribery.

Garching an der Alz

Garching (Bavarian: "Garching an da Alz"; official name: Garching a.d.Alz) is a municipality in Altötting, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Lucignano

Lucignano is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Marciano della Chiana

Marciano della Chiana is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Haiming, Germany

Haiming () is a municipality in the district of Altötting in Bavaria in Germany. It is located between the rivers Inn and Salzach.

Halsbach

Halsbach is a municipality in Altötting, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Point shaving

In sports, point shaving, is a certain type of match fixing where basketball or other sports players try to prevent a team from covering a published point spread. Spread betting usually motivates point shaving. The point shaving scheme usually involves a sports gambler and several players who are likely to win the game. In exchange for a bribe, the players agree to making sure the team they are on will not cover the point spread. The gamblers then wager against the bribed team.

Basketball is a very easy medium for shaving points. This is because of the scoring tempo of the game and the ease under which one player can influence key events. Corrupt players miss shots on purpose or commit fouls or turnovers. By doing so, he/she makes sure that his or her team fails to cover the actual point spread. However, the game is not lost. The NCAA have a zero tolerance policy prohibiting point shaving.

Point shaving in the NCAA is a federal crime in the United States.

The National Basketball Association, or NBA, have had very few point shaving problems. However, they have had several in the past.

The basketball sports drama movie "Blue Chips" (1994) is the story of the coach of a fictional university. The basketball coach finds out that one of his players shaved points in a basketball game three years earlier.

Al Hudaydah

Al Hudaydah is a city in western Yemen on the Red Sea. It is one of Yemen's most important ports. It is the capital of Al Hudaydah Governorate. As of 2004, the population was 402,560. 

Kastl, Upper Bavaria

Kastl is a municipality in Altötting, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Unterneukirchen

Unterneukirchen is a municipality in Altötting, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Marktl

Marktl (unofficial name: Marktl am Inn, lit. "Little market on the river Inn") is a village and historic market municipality. It is in Altötting, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria. It is the birthplace of Pope Benedict XVI.

Marktl is twinned with:


Monte San Savino

Monte San Savino is an Italian town in Tuscany, near Arezzo. About 8,700 people live there.

Montemignaio

Montemignaio is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Monterchi

Monterchi is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Ortignano Raggiolo

Ortignano Raggiolo is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Spain national under-21 football team

The Spain national under-21 football team are the under-21s of Spain. It is currently controlled by the Royal Spanish Football Federation.

"*Denotes draws including knockout matches decided on penalty kicks."


Note: "Club(s)" represents all the clubs that players played in at the time they did it too in the Under-21s.

Note: "Club(s)" represents all the clubs that players played in at the time they did it too in the Under-21s.


The current players of the Spain Under-21s.






Pieve Santo Stefano

Pieve Santo Stefano is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Poppi

Poppi is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Guidonia Montecelio

Guidonia Montecelio is an Italian city in Lazio with about 90,000 inhabitants.

Aprilia, Lazio

Aprilia is an Italian city in Lazio. About 74,900 people live there.

Thiais

Thiais is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

2021 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification Group 6

Group 6 of the 2021 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualifying competition currently have the following national teams: Spain, Israel, Montenegro, North Macedonia, Kazakhstan, and Faroe Islands. On 17 March 2020, all of the matches were delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

Times are CET/CEST, as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).


Nothing in Common

Nothing in Common is a 1986 American romantic comedy drama movie directed by Garry Marshall and starring Tom Hanks, Jackie Gleason, Eva Marie Saint, Hector Elizondo, Barry Corbin, Sela Ward, Bess Armstrong. It was spun off into a short lived TV series in 1987.


Proclamation of Singapore

The Proclamation of Singapore is part of an agreement about the separation of Singapore from Malaysia as an independent and sovereign country dated on 7 August 1965 between the Governments of Malaysia and Singapore, and an act to change the Constitution of Malaysia and the Malaysia Act on 9 August 1965 signed by the leaders of both countries.

ASEAN Declaration

The ASEAN Declaration or Bangkok Declaration is the first document of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. It was signed in Bangkok on 8 August 1967 by the first five ASEAN members, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, and Thailand. The date is now celebrated as ASEAN Day.

Mains electricity

Mains electricity is a type of electric power supply. In American English it is also called utility power, power grid, domestic power, and wall power. It is the form of electrical power that is delivered to homes and businesses through electrical infrastructure in many parts of the world. People use this electricity to power everyday items, including televisions and lamps, by plugging them into a wall outlet.

ISO 3166-2:SG

ISO 3166-2:SG is the entry for Singapore in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which explains codes for the names of the subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Currently for Singapore, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 5 districts.

Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Singapore. The second part is two digits (01–05).

Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).

"Click on the button in the header to sort each column."

The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998:


Yusof Ishak

Yusof Ishak (12 August 191023 November 1970) was the first President of Singapore from 1965 to 1970.

Ishak died while in office on 23 November 1970 from heart failure at the age of 60.

Popular Force

Popular Force (, FP) is a Peruvian political party with a national scope, founded on March 9, 2010 by Keiko Fujimori, daughter of former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori who ran for President of the Republic in Peru's 2011 general elections, obtaining second place, with Rafael Rey and Jaime Yoshiyama as vice presidential candidates. She tried again in the general elections of Peru in 2016, together with José Chlimper and Vladimiro Huaroc as vice presidents, obtaining second place again with 49.88% of valid votes.

Netherlands national under-21 football team

The Netherlands national under-21 football team are the under-21s of the Netherlands. It is currently controlled by the Royal Dutch Football Association.

Names in "italics" denote players who have been capped for the Senior team.

"Caps and goals updated as 18 November 2020. Clubs updated as of 15 March 2021."

 Withdrew due to injury.



AI Song Contest 2020

The AI Song Contest 2020 was the inaugural edition of the AI Song Contest, organised by the Dutch public broadcaster VPRO, in collaboration with NPO 3FM and NPO Innovation. It was held at 8:30 pm on May 12, 2020 and was held in the Netherlands, presented by Lieven Scheire. Thirteen teams from eight countries took part in the contest. The contest was won by the Australian team Uncanny Valley with the song "Beautiful the World".

Each participating team had to submit a "Eurovision-like" song of up to three minutes that had been composed using artificial intelligence (AI). Human input was allowed, but the more AI was used, the more points the entry would get from the jury. The entries were also evaluated by the public through online ratings. The winner was announced that evening.
The contest was online by cause of the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe and was broadcast via a live stream on YouTube and was presented the points from the online voting were announced by Dutch television presenter Emma Wortelboer.

The contest count with thirteen teams from eight countries. As there were no pre-qualifying rounds, multiple teams from each country could enter the competition. The contest featured the following competing entries:


Ferenc Deák (footballer)

Ferenc Deák (16 January 1922 – 18 April 1998) was a Hungarian footballer. He played as a striker for teams like Ferencváros and Budapesti Dózsa. With over 795 goals in official matches scored during his career, the bulk of which came during World War II, Deák is the seventh top goalscorer of all time.


Explosion (1973 movie)

Explosion () is a 1973 Romanian drama movie directed by Mircea Drăgan and starring Radu Beligan, Gheorghe Dinica, Toma Caragiu, Dem Radulescu, George Motoi, Draga Olteanu Matei.

Nemzeti Bajnokság I

The Nemzeti Bajnokság (, "National Championship"), also known as NB I, is the top division of football in Hungary. The league is officially named OTP Bank Liga for sponsorship reasons. The league is played between 12 teams. The champion qualifies for the UEFA Champions League first qualifying round, while the 2nd and 3rd place teams, along with the cup winner qualifies for the UEFA Europa Conference League first qualifying round. The bottom 2 teams are relegated to the Nemzeti Bajnokság II.

Notes:

"As listed at RSSSF in July 2000."

"Correct as of 2019–20."

Nándor Hidegkuti

Nándor Hidegkuti (3 March 1922 – 14 February 2002) was a Hungarian football player and manager. He played as a forward or attacking midfielder and mostly played for MTK Hungária FC.

Hidegkuti died on 14 February 2002 after suffering from heart and lung problems for some time before his death. MTK Hungária FC renamed their stadium, Hidegkuti Nándor Stadium in his honour.

 Hungary







MTK Budapest FC

Magyar Testgyakorlók Köre Budapest Futball Club or shortly MTK is a Hungarian football club that is based in Józsefváros, Budapest. The team currently plays in the Nemzeti Bajnokság I. They are one of the most successful Hungarian football clubs, as they have won the Hungarian League 23 times and the Hungarian Cup 12 times. The club has also won the Hungarian Super Cup 2 times. In 1955, as "Vörös Lobogó SE", they became the first Hungarian team to play in the European Cup. The club founded the Sándor Károly Football Academy in 2001. 





Peruvian food

Peruvian food refers to the culinary traditions of Peru. That includes fish, plates with corn, like humita, potatoes and a lot of soups. Ceviche is the most famous dish in Peru. It is made with fish, lemon, red onion, pepper and salt. Rice and potatoes are used for share a lot of plates. 

Pisco is the national drink, and it is made by eight types of grapes.

There are a lot of traditional deserts, like alfajor and rice with milk 

Peruvian food is influenced by Japanese and Spanish food. 

Expedition 64

Expedition 64 was the 64th long-duration mission to the International Space Station (ISS), that began on 21 October 2020 with the undocking and departure of Soyuz MS-16. The Expedition started with the three crew members launched onboard Soyuz MS-17 and reached its full complement with the arrival of SpaceX Crew-1, the first operational flight of NASA's Commercial Crew Program (CCP). The expedition ended on 16 April 2021 with the departure of Soyuz MS-17.

Expedition 65

Expedition 65 is the 65th long duration expedition to the International Space Station. The mission began on 16 April 2021, with the departure of Soyuz MS-17, and was initially commanded by NASA astronaut Shannon Walker serving as the third female ISS commander, who launched in November 2020. 

Crew Dragon Resilience

Crew Dragon "Resilience" (Dragon C207) is a Crew Dragon spacecraft created by SpaceX and built under NASA's Commercial Crew Program (CCP). In November 2020, it was launched into orbit to the International Space Station (ISS) as part of the Crew-1 mission. With crew prompting, "Resilience" docked autonomously to the station at 04:01 UTC on Day 2 (17 November 2020) of the mission marking the first crewed operational flight of a Crew Dragon craft and the Commercial Crew Program. 

The mission carried four additional members of Expedition 64 to the three already on station.

Nick Kamen

Ivor Neville "Nick" Kamen (15 April 1962 – 4 May 2021) was an English model, pop singer-songwriter, and musician. He was best known for the singles "Each Time You Break My Heart" from 1986 and "I Promised Myself" from 1990, as well as for appearing in a 1985 Levi's advert. Kamen was born in London.

Kamen died on 4 May 2021 in Essex, aged 59.

2019 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification Group 4

Group 4 of the 2019 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualifying competition had the following national teams: England, Netherlands, Ukraine, Scotland, Latvia, and Andorra.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Times are CET/CEST, as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).


Alan McLoughlin

Alan Francis McLoughlin (20 April 1967 – 4 May 2021) was an Irish professional footballer and coach. He played as a midfielder for the Republic of Ireland and English club sides. He played for Swindon Town and Portsmouth. 

McLoughlin died on 4 May 2021 from kidney cancer at the age of 54.

Bertil Johansson

John Bertil "Bebben" Johansson (22 March 1935 – 5 May 2021) was a Swedish football player. He played as a striker. He played for IFK Göteborg. He was also a football manager.

Johansson died on 5 May 2021, at the age of 86.

Tawny Kitaen

Julie E. "Tawny" Kitaen (August 5, 1961 – May 7, 2021) was an American actress, model, comedian, and media personality. She was known for her role as Debbie Thompson in the 1984 comedy "Bachelor Party".

On May 7, 2021, Kitaen died at her Newport Beach, California home at the age of 59.

Martín Pando

Martín Esteban Pando (26 December 1934 – 7 May 2021) was an Argentine footballer. He played as a forward.

Pando started playing in 1955 at Platense in Buenos Aires before moving to Argentinos Juniors in 1958 and then River Plate in 1962. In total he played 242 league matches and scored 37 goals in the Argentine league.

Pando also played for the Argentina national team in two 1962 FIFA World Cup.

Pando died on 7 May 2021, aged 86.

United States presidential pets

United States presidents have often kept pets while in office, or pets have been part of their families. Only James K. Polk, Andrew Johnson, and Donald Trump did not have presidential pets while in office. The pets are often known as "First Pets" of the United States.

Champ and Major

Champ (October 2008 – June 19, 2021) and Major (born January 2018) are pet German Shepherds owned by President of the United States Joe Biden and First Lady Jill Biden.

Major is the first shelter dog to have lived in the White House.

Champ died on June 19, 2021 at the Biden family home in Wilmington, Delaware at the age of 12.

Sunny (dog)

Sunny (born June 11, 2012) is a pet dog of the Obama family, the 44th presidential family of the United States. Sunny is a female Portuguese Water Dog who was a First Dog of the United States along with Bo. Sunny was first seen through First Lady Michelle Obama's Twitter account on August 19, 2013.

Willy Baumgärtner

Willy Baumgärtner (23 December 1890 – 16 November 1953) was a German footballer. At age 17 years and 104 days, he was the youngest ever player of the German national team.


Ronald Inglehart

Ronald F. Inglehart (September 5, 1934 — May 8, 2021) was an American political scientist. He was the professor emeritus at the University of Michigan. He was director of the World Values Survey. Inglehart was co-director of the Laboratory for Comparative Social Research at the National Research University - Higher School of Economics. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Inglehart died on May 8, 2021 at the age of 86.

Theodore Katsanevas

Theodore Katsanevas (; 13 March 1947 – 8 May 2021) was a Greek academic and politician. He was a member of the Greek Parliament from 1989 to 2004 for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PA.SO.K). 

In May 2013 he founded the political party Drachmi Greek Democratic Movement Five Stars.

Katsanevas died on 8 May 2021, from COVID-19 at the age 74 in an Athens hospital during the COVID-19 pandemic in Greece. He had contracted the virus five days after being administered the first dose of the Pfizer–BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine.

Eli Broad

Eli Broad ( ; June 6, 1933April 30, 2021) was an American billionaire businessman and philanthropist. In June 2019, "Forbes" ranked Broad as the 233rd-wealthiest person in the world and the 78th-wealthiest person in the United States. He had a net worth of $6.7 billion. 

Broad was known for his philanthropic work to public K–12 education, scientific and medical research and the visual and performing arts.

Eli Broad died on April 30, 2021, at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California, after a long illness, less than two months before his 88th birthday.

Brazil national under-20 football team

The Brazil national under-20 football team, also known as Brazil Sub-20 or Seleção Sub-20, are the under-20s of Brazil. It is currently controlled by the Brazilian Football Confederation. 





Edythe Broad

Edythe Broad (; born Edythe Lawson in 1936) is an American art collector and philanthropist. With her husband Eli, she has collected "about 2000 pieces of art valued at more than $2 billion" and supported arts initiatives such as the Los Angeles Opera and The Broad.

Gad Elmaleh

Gad Elmaleh ( Gād el-Māleḥ; born 19 April 1971) is a Moroccan-Canadian stand-up comedian and actor. He is known as the "Seinfeld of France". His best known movie roles were in "Coco", "Priceless", "La Doublure" and "Midnight in Paris". 

Tony Curran

Tony Curran (born 13 December 1969) is a BAFTA Award-winning Scottish actor who has appeared in "", "Doctor Who", "Roots", and the Netflix historical epic "Outlaw King".

Curran was born in Glasgow. He graduated from the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. In 2012 he married Mai Nguyen; they had a daughter in September 2013.

Soviet Union national under-20 football team

The Soviet Union national under-20 football team was a past under-18 football team from the Soviet Union. It was created only for the FIFA U-20 World Cup. It was formerly controlled by the Football Federation of USSR. The national team now ceases to exist.

 Champions   Runners-up   Third Place   Fourth Place

"*Denotes draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks."

The past Soviet U-20 players

Notes:




GTC Africa

GTC Africa is a racing video game exclusively on PlayStation 2. Developed by Rage Games Ltd. and published by Majesco Entertainment.

Thunderstrike: Operation Phoenix

Thunderstrike: Operation Phoenix, known in Europe as Thunderhawk: Operation Phoenix, is a combat flight simulator video game for PlayStation 2 home console. It was developed by Core Design, and published by Eidos Interactive.

"Thunderstrike: Operation Phoenix" received mixed reviewsfrom critics. It has an agretted score of 71.29% on GameRankings.

Pratovecchio Stia

Pratovecchio Stia is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany. It was created on 1 January 2014 from the former municipalities of Pratovecchio and Stia.

Pratovecchio

Pratovecchio was a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Pratovecchio and Stia merged to form the new municipality of Pratovecchio Stia.

Stia

Stia was a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Pratovecchio and Stia merged to form the new municipality of Pratovecchio Stia.

Sestino

Sestino is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Subbiano

Subbiano is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Talla

Talla is a "comune" in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Bibbona

Bibbona is a "comune" in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany. In 2020, 3,209 people lived there.

Campiglia Marittima

Campiglia Marittima is a "comune" in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Campi Bisenzio

Campi Bisenzio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Cerreto Guidi

Cerreto Guidi is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Scarperia e San Piero

Scarperia e San Piero is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany. It was created on 1 January 2014 from the former municipalities of Scarperia and San Piero a Sieve.

Scarperia

Scarperia was a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Scarperia and San Piero a Sieve merged to form the new municipality of Scarperia e San Piero.

San Piero a Sieve

San Piero a Sieve was a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Scarperia and San Piero a Sieve merged to form the new municipality of Scarperia e San Piero.

Barberino Val d'Elsa

Barberino Val d'Elsa was a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Barberino Val d'Elsa and Tavarnelle Val di Pesa merged to form the new municipality of Barberino Tavarnelle.

Tavarnelle Val di Pesa

Tavarnelle Val di Pesa was a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany. On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Barberino Val d'Elsa and Tavarnelle Val di Pesa merged to form the new municipality of Barberino Tavarnelle.

Barberino Tavarnelle

Barberino Tavarnelle is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany. It was created on 1 January 2019 from the former municipalities of Barberino Val d'Elsa and Tavarnelle Val di Pesa.


Asphalt concrete

Asphalt concrete is a composite material. It is commonly used to build roads, parking lots, airports, and embankment dams. Asphalt mixtures have been used in making pavements since the beginning of the twentieth century. It is made up of mineral aggregate bound together with asphalt. The process was made by Edward De Smedt.

Mixing of asphalt and aggregate is done in one of several ways:

This is made by heating the asphalt binder to make it less viscous, and drying the aggregate to remove moisture from it before mixing it. Mixing is done at about 300 °F (roughly 150 °C) for virgin asphalt and 330 °F (166 °C) for polymer modified asphalt, and the asphalt cement at 200 °F (95 °C). HMA is used on roads with lots of traffic.

This is made by adding either zeolites, waxes, asphalt emulsions, or sometimes even water to the asphalt binder before mixing. It is good for the environment because small amounts of fossil fuels are used to make them. It also releases less carbon dioxide into the air. In 2012, a survey of producers that made asphalt in the US found that nearly 25% of asphalt made was warm mix.

This is made by emulsifying the asphalt in water. It is done with an emulsifying agent before mixing. While it is emulsified, the asphalt is less viscous. The emulsion will break after enough water evaporates from it. Cold mix is commonly used on roads with less traffic.

The Fourth Man (2007 movie)

The Fourth Man is a 2007 Serbian action movie directed by Dejan Zečević and starring Nikola Kojo, Marija Karan, Dragan Petrović, Bogdan Diklić, Dragan Nikolić, Boris Milivojević, Radoslav Milenković, Feđa Stojanović

River Tales

River Tales () is a 2020 Luxembourgian documentary movie directed by Julie Schroell.

Kyle Lafferty

Kyle Lafferty (born September 16, 1987, Enniskillen, Northern Ireland) is a Northern Irish footballer, striker for the national team of Northern Ireland and the English club Norwich City.

He is a three-time champion of Scotland, Scottish Cup winner and twice winner of the Scottish League Cup.

Kyle Lafferty was born on September 16, 1987, in Enniskillen, Northern Ireland.

He started his football career in 2005 with the Burnley F.C.

In January 2006, he was loaned by Darlington for a year without the right to purchase.

On June 19, 2008 Lafferty signed a 5-year contract with the Rangers Football Club in Glasgow.

On May 15, 2011, Kyle Lafferty scored a hat-trick again, but this time in the match against Kilmarnock, which ended with a score of 5-1.

On June 30, he signed a 3-year contract with the Swiss club Sion.

In 2013, Lafferty signed a three-year contract with Palermo.

On August 22, 2018, he returned to the Rangers where he played to 2019.

In 2019, Kyle Lafferty signed a contract with the Norwegian club Sarpsborg 08.

On January 10, 2020, the footballer signed a six-month contract with Sunderland.

Lafferty is married to former Miss Scotland title holder Nicola Mimna and the couple has a son.

Steven Zuber

Steven Zuber (born 17 August 1991) is a Swiss football player. He plays as a midfielder for A.E.K. Athens F.C. and the Switzerland national team.

Nokia 7610

Nokia 7610 is an symbian series mobile phone was developed for Nokia Corporation, it was reach announced on 18 March 2004 at CNET and released on March 19, 2004. Nokia 7610 was user the features has designed by Jony Ive (designed from iPhone and more phone), as of January 2005. Nokia 7610 has untishipped from worldwide, official it was reach from performance is "Take The Nokia 7610" at CNET Tour World.

In January 2013, Nokia 7610 by Nokia has an 400% peoples use Nokia 7610, it was later after discontinuation on February 12, 2007 in 6 years ago, Nokia 7610 has reach from 500% sales in series mobile phone from the world, Nokia 7610 has discontinued from website and deleted support lifecycles from mobile phone on February 12, 2007, 3 years ago after few day release Nokia 7610.

In May 2003, "Nokia 7610" has beginning from worldwide, was released in 2004, fifth day ago has released from Nokia 7610, as of December 4, 2003. Nokia 7610 stated from Nokia has released from news mobile device is Nokia buttons and keyboard, also Nokia 7610 has features from the "Beta Mine" has announcement on April 14 and April 15, 2004 at CNET Tour World in Burbank, California.

Before day ago, Nokia 7610 has rushed from news released has an helicopter, announcement has an 400 and 5000 peoples in performance, Nokia 7610 has released for USA on February 17, 2004 after performance. On February 28, 2004. The Wall Street Journal was wrote is "Maybe can fine, taken from the world" has choice for Nokia 7610 mobile phone, Nokia 7610 has released for availability on March 19, 2004.

Nokia 7610 camera has shot on 407m, inside camera can choice taken pictures, Nokia 7610 camera has designed from like mobile phone has an more thing features in Nokia 7610.

Nokia 7610 keyboard has choice from number and letters, in 60 letters and 9 numbers. However, Nokia 7610 keyboard can choice from send emails, calling from phone and incoming call.

Nokia 7610 has reach from 256MB in Nokia, pubilc released designed in Nokia Corporation, Nokia 7610 has sixteen storage card and memory card, Nokia 7610 has more on 512MB in x64 device and 605MB in x87 device from Nokia 7610.

The CNET announced was Nokia 7610 has beginning untishipped in Spain and France on March 15, 2006. Nokia 7610 has since from better in beginning from mobile phone, however, Risto Siilasmaa say "never begin from Nokia 7610 mobile phone better nows". The Wall Street Journal has an announced from untishipped Nokia 7610 has expired in January 2007, two day ago after discontinuation.

In February 11, 2005. Nokia 7610 has pubilc designed is "Nokia 7610e and 7610i" has fake released, Nokia 7610 in however from Nokia Corporation can pubilc can smillar to "Change World Tour" and "World from Nokia Love" has announced on February 15, 2005.
In February 12, 2007, few 4 month ago after released and performance. Nokia 7610 has discontinuation from website and worldwide, has an 7000 thousand dong from use Nokia 7610 in January 2013, Nokia 7610 has deleted from support lifecycles in website for mobile phone, Nokia 7610 website has launched from Wayback Machine in Nokia Corporation rushed on March 19, 2004, after released.


Asphalt, Kentucky

Asphalt is an unincorporated community found in Edmonson County, Kentucky, United States.

Asphalt is found at the west of Brownsville. It is southwest of KY 655's intersection with State Highway 70 at Windyville.

The Virgin of Lust

The Virgin of Lust () is a 2002 Mexican drama movie directed by Arturo Ripstein and starring Luis Felipe Tovar, Ariadna Gil, Patricia Reyes Spíndola, Juan Diego, Julián Pastor, Alberto Estrella, Daniel Giménez Cacho.

No One Writes to the Colonel (movie)

No One Writes to the Colonel () is a 1999 French Spanish Mexican drama movie directed by Arturo Ripstein and is based on the 1961 novella of the same name by Gabriel Garcia Marquez. It stars Fernando Luján, Marisa Paredes, Salma Hayek, Rafael Inclán, Ernesto Yáñez, Daniel Giménez Cacho, Esteban Soberanes, Patricia Reyes Spíndola, Odiseo Bichir, Julián Pastor, Eugenio Lobo.


Bagno a Ripoli

Bagno a Ripoli is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Greve in Chianti

Greve in Chianti is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Castelfiorentino

Castelfiorentino is an Italian town in Tuscany. About 17,500 people live there.

Barberino di Mugello

Barberino di Mugello is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Gambassi Terme

Gambassi Terme is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Lastra a Signa

Lastra a Signa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Panini

Paninis are a type of Italian sandwich that is made of Italian bread and fillings that are just either meat, cheese, or vegetables. The panini is then toasted or grilled, and served at a warm temperature.

Certaldo

Certaldo is an Italian town in Tuscany. About 16,000 people live there.

Éplessier

Éplessier is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

2021–22 FC Bayern Munich season

The 2021–22 season is the 123rd season for the German football club FC Bayern Munich.

The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.

The draw for the group stage was held on 26 August 2021.

The draw for the round of 16 was held on 13 December 2021.

The draw for the quarter-finals was held on 18 March 2022.

! colspan="18" style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers 
! colspan="18" style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders 

! colspan="18" style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders 

! colspan="18" style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards 

! colspan="18" style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season 

List of rulers of Moirang

The genealogical order of the rulers of Ancient Moirang till the modern day Moirang, were recorded in many manuscripts including the Moirang Ningthourol Lambuba and other historical documents associated with the Moirang Kangleirol.

Due to the lack of exact historical datings, the first recorded seven rulers, just before the rulers with dated reigns, were considered to be mythological rather than being historical.
The recorded historical dates of the reigns of the rulers started from 52 BC when Emperor Phang Phang ascended the throne of Ancient Moirang kingdom.

Abdul Aziz al-Hakim

Ayatollah Abdul Aziz al-Hakim ( ; ; 1952 – 26 August 2009) was an Iraqi theologian and politician and the leader of SCIRI, the largest political party in the Iraqi National Assembly.

He was a member of the U.S.-appointed Iraqi Governing Council and served as its president in December 2003. Brother of the Shia leader Mohammed Baqir al-Hakim, he replaced him as leader of the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq when Mohammed Baqir was assassinated in August 2003 in Najaf.

He was born in 1953, the son of Grand Ayatollah Muhsin Al-Hakim, the spiritual leader of the world's Shi'a from 1955-1970. He played a leading role in the Safar Intifada in 1977 and was imprisoned in 1972, 1977 and 1979. He went into exile in Iran in 1980, where he was a founder member in 1982 of SCIRI and headed their military wing, the Badr Brigade. He the top candidate listed for the United Iraqi Coalition during the first Iraqi legislative election of January 2005 but has not sought a government post because the Alliance had decided not to include theologians in the government.


Gil Vicente F.C.

Gil Vicente Futebol Clube, commonly known as Gil Vicente, is a Portuguese football club that plays in Barcelos. It currently plays in the Primeira Liga, the top division of football in Portugal. The team is named after the Portuguese playwright of the same name. 





Portugal national under-19 football team

The Portugal national under-19 football team represents Portugal in international football at this age level and is controlled by Federação Portuguesa de Futebol, the governing body for Portuguese football.


Kyle Walker

Kyle Andrew Walker (born 28 May 1990) is an English footballer. He plays as a right-back for Premier League club Manchester City and the English national team.

Queens Park Rangers

Tottenham Hotspur

Manchester City

England U19

England

Individual

2020–21 Premier League

The 2020–21 Premier League was the 29th season of the Premier League, the top division of football in England. Liverpool were the defending champions, having won their nineteenth league title in the previous season. The season was initially scheduled to start on 8 August, but was delayed until 12 September due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

 Player scored 4 goals<br>(H) – Home team<br>(A) – Away team




EverBank Stadium

EverBank Stadium is an American football stadium located in Jacksonville, Florida that primarily serves as the home for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). 

The stadium opened in 1995 as Jacksonville Municipal Stadium on the site of the old Gator Bowl Stadium (erected 1927), and included some portions of the older stadium. Located on the St. John’s River, it sits on 10 acres of land in Downtown Jacksonville. The stadium would be called Alltel Stadium from 1997 until 2006, EverBank Field from 2010 until 2018, and TIAA Bank Field until 2018 until 2023. On June 23, 2023, the Jaguars announced that the stadium would be renamed as EverBank Stadium.

The stadium is also used as the headquarters for the professional wrestling companies All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and Ring of Honor (ROH), both of which are also owned by Jaguars senior president of football Tony Khan.

Ireland national football team (1882–1950)

The Ireland national football team were the past Ireland national football team that lasted from 1882 to 1950. It was controlled by the Irish Football Association.

"Up to 1950"




Bycatch

When doing industrial fishing, people want to catch certain species of fish. When they are using nets, they will also catch other species. These are called bycatch or by-catch. Most of the time, the animals caught will be severely injured or killed. Most of these species are thrown back into ithe sea, but some of the bycatch is used. The exact amount of bycatch is not known. There are estimates that up to a quarter of the total may be bycatch. When catching shrimp, up to eighty percent may be bycatch. Another problem is that the amount of bycatch is not recorded, and does not show up in statistics.

Childhood schizophrenia

Childhood schizophrenia is a mental health issue that develops in children age 13 and under. The condition is similar to adult schizophrenia. With child schizophrenia, symptoms are disorganzed speech, hallucinations, negative symptoms and cognative impairments.

Child schizophrenia often happens at or after age seven.

Équancourt

Équancourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Équennes-Éramecourt

Équennes-Éramecourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

American Diabetes Association

The American Diabetes Association (ADA) are a United States nonprofit organization. ADA seek to educate the public on diabetes and anyone affected by it. That includes type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, latent autoimmune diabetes and other forms of the disease.

The ADA were founded in 1940.

Mehring

Mehring is a municipality in Altötting, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Agnes Bluhm

Agnes Bluhm (9 January 1862 – 12 November 1943) was one of the first female doctors of medicine in Germany. She was a gynecologist, geneticist and fighter for women's rights. Despite this, she thought that for women, motherhood was more important than a career. She believed that German women could improve the race using eugenics and forced sterilisation. She wrote that the "female psyche" made her gender predisposed towards working for "racial hygiene". 

Perach

Perach is a municipality in Altötting, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Toby Alderweireld

Toby Albertine Maurits Alderweireld (born 2 March 1989) is a Belgian football player. He plays as a defender for Royal Antwerp and the Belgium national team.

Ajax

Atlético Madrid

Tottenham Hotspur

Al-Duhail

Antwerp

Belgium

Individual

Erches

Erches is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

1977 Russian flu

The Russian flu, red influenza or red flu in 1977 was a pandemic. Many people became sick with influenza. The Soviet Union first reported it in 1977, but it may have started in China that May. Mostly people under the age of 25 became sick. About 700,000 people died. This pandemic was caused by H1N1 influenza virus, which is very similar to the virus strain that spread worldwide from 1946 to 1957.

Frequent urination

Frequent urination is the urge to urinate more often than usual. Diuretics are substances that cause frequent urination. The most common cause of frequent urination is an infection of the urinary tract. Frequent urination does not need to be linked to a disease, though: things like being pregnant or being stressed can also cause it. 

Thomas Meunier

Thomas Meunier (born 12 September 1991) is a Belgian football player. He plays as a right-back for Borussia Dortmund and the Belgium national team.

Jan Vertonghen

Jan Bert Lieve Vertonghen (born 24 April 1987) is a Belgian football player. He plays as a centre-back for Anderlecht and the Belgium national team.

Ercheu

Ercheu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ercourt

Ercourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cusihuiriachi Municipality

Cusihuiriachi is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is Cusihuiriachi. The municipality covers an area of 1,810.3 km².

In 2010, the municipality had a total population of 5,414.

Wasquehal

Wasquehal is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Mohammed Baqir al-Hakim

Ayatollah Sayed Mohammed Baqir (or Bakr) al-Hakim (1939 - August 29, 2003) was the foremost Shia Muslim leader in Iraq until his assassination in a terrorist bombing that killed him and 80 others as they were leaving a mosque in Najaf. He was the son of Ayatollah Muhsin Al-Hakim, the worldwide leader of Shia Muslims from 1955 to 1970.

Al-Hakim co-founded the modern Islamist political movement in Iraq in the 1960s, along with Ayatollah Sayed Mohammed Baqir Al-Sadr, with whom he worked closely until the latter's death in 1980. Though not among the most hard-line of Islamists, Al-Hakim was seen as dangerous by the ruling Baath regime, largely because of his agitation on behalf of Iraq's majority Shia population (the ruling regime was comprised mostly of Sunnis). This led to his arrest in 1972, but he was released shortly thereafter.

He was partially blamed for the uprising in Najaf that occured in February 1977, and so was arrested again, and this time sentenced to life imprisonment. However, his sentence was commuted and he was released in July 1979. The subsequent eruption of war between Iraq and (largely Shia) Iran led to an ever-increasing distrust of Iraq's Shia population by the rulling Baath party; combined with his previous arrests, this convinced Al-Hakim that it was impossible to continue his Shia advocacy in Iraq, and in 1980 he fled to Iran.

Safely in Iran, Al-Hakim became an open enemy of the Baathists, forming the Supreme Council of the Islamic Resistance in Iraq (SCIRI), a revolutionary group dedicated to overthrowing Saddam Hussein's regime. In 1983, Hussein responded by arresting 125 members of Al-Hakim's family who had remained in Iraq, and executing 18 of them. This further embittered Al-Hakim's view of the Baathists in general and Hussein in particular. With Iranian aid, SCIRI became an armed resistance group, periodically making cross-border attacks on Iraqi facilities, maintaining covert connections with resistance elements within the country, and generally being a perennial thorn in Hussein's side.

Al-Hakim returned to Iraq in May 2003 following the overthrow of Hussein's regime by the US-led invasion of Iraq. There he emerged as one of the most influential Iraqi leaders, with his longtime opposition to Hussein gaining him immense credibility, especially among the majority Shia population.

Initially he was very critical of the US-led occupation of Iraq, saying "we do not put confidence in the Americans, they have always acted against the interests of the Iraqi people" and urging Iraqis not to follow the US's administration's dictates. However, he did give the US credit for overthrowing the hated Baathist regime, and through the summer of 2003 indicated some willingness to work with the Americans in setting up a civilian government in Iraq. By the time of his death, he remained distrustful, but urged Iraqis to abandon violence, at least for the time being, and give the interim government a chance to earn their trust.

It is unclear (as of late August 2003) who was behind the massive bomb attack that killed him. A spokesman for SCIRI in London suggested that supporters of Saddam Hussein may have been behind the attack; others suggest it may have been orchestrated by Sunnis not necessarily connected to Hussein who are opposed to the increasing Shia influence in the country; a few suggest it may have been carried out by hard-line Shia groups critical of Al-Hakim's increasingly conciliatory line towards the United States. However, as his assassination comes in the midst of a pattern of violence against Shia clerics in Najaf in recent weeks (Al-Hakim is the fourth to be assassinated), it is considered likely that the attack was motivated by anti-Shia sentiment rather than by a conflict between Shia moderates and hardliners.

John Whiteaker

John Whiteaker (May 4, 1820-October 2, 1902) was an American politician, a Democrat, and served as the first state Governor of Oregon from 1859 until 1862. 

Born in Dearborn County, Indiana to farmers, Whiteaker only spent six months of formal schooling, and as a result, was almost entirely self-educated. Before moving west, he had performed odd jobs, carpentry, and volunteered for military service during the Mexican War, although his unit was never called into battle. In 1849, he joined the California Gold Rush, earning enough to move his family to a farm in Lane County, Oregon. Once in Oregon he became active in Democratic Party activities, Elected to office first as Judge of the Probate Court for Lane County (1856), then as a legislator in the Territorial Legislature (1857).

Oregon was preparing for statehood in 1857, as voters had just approved a state constitution. Whiteaker was selected as a Democratic faction's nominee in the first state gubernatorial election, held in June 1858. Whiteaker won by a margin of 1,138, and was innagurated July 8, 1858. He did not assume office until word that Congress had passed Oregon's statehood bill on February 14, 1859. Technicaly, Oregon had two governors in the interrum, as Territorial Governor George Law Curry, was legally in charge until the state government-in-waiting was legally empowererd to take control. 

Once in office, the new governor set out to untangle the large amounts of land claims and counter claims on public lands. He also promoted economic policies favoring home industries, products that Oregonians could make self-sufficiently. Although nicknamed "Honest John", this did not deflect his controversial stands on issues of national importance. Whiteaker held pro-slavery views which did not sit well with apopulation mostly in the abolitionist camp. Opponents often used this to attack him as a traitor as the United States descended into the Civil War.

Whiteaker was not nominated again by the Democrats in the 1862 election, and thus left office. He did stay in local politics, winning three terms as a state representative (1866-1870), and election to the State Senate in 1870.

Whiteaker was elected to Congress in 1878, as Oregon's Representative-at large. The Democrats had been weakened in the House, and needed one vote to prevail in their nominee for Speaker of the House. The vote was needed by March 18, 1879. Whiteaker, all ready on his way to Washington, received word of this urgency while on a steamer between Portland and San Fransisco, California. Upon docking in San Francisco on March 12th, he was met by a railroad agent, and rushed to a special Central Pacific Railroad express train at Oakland. The regular transcontinental train was 25 hours out of Oakland, but Whiteaker's train managed to catch up with it. He arrived in Washington on the morning of March 18th, in enough time to be promptly seated by Congress and cast his vote.

The trip cost $1500 at the time, an expense widely criticized by the Democrat's political oppostition and the media. Many referred to it as "Whiteaker's ride".

Whiteaker served in Congress until 1881, retiring to his farm near Eugene.

John Whiteaker would be called back into politics one more time, in 1885 when President Grover Cleveland appointed him as Oregon's Collector of Revenues at the U.S. Customs House in Portland. After 1890, moved back to Eugene, purchasing 10 city blocks in the central city. The area today is now known in Eugene as Whiteaker's Addition. He stayed in Eugene until his death in 1902.



A. C. Gibbs

Addison C. Gibbs was an American politician. He was a Republican governor of Oregon from 1862 until 1866.

Addison Gibbs was born on July 9, 1825, in Cattaraugus County, New York. He attended and graduated from a state run normal school before becoming a teacher. Later he passed the bar and moved to California in 1849.

In 1850 A.C. Gibbs moved to the Oregon Territory. There he moved to the town of Gardiner on the Umpqua River where he would become a member of the Territorial Legislature in 1852. He was also appointed as a customs collector for Gardiner, located at the mouth of the Umpqua.

Then in 1860 Gibbs relocated to Portland, Oregon, where he was elected to the state house. Next, in 1862 he was elected as governor of Oregon, serving as the governor during the American Civil War. During the war in 1864, responding to orders from Congress, Gibbs raised an infantry regiment despite opposition from Oegonians.

George Lemuel Woods

George Lemuel Woods (1832–1890), was a Republican Oregon State Governor (1866–1870), and was then appointed Utah Territory Governor (1871–1875) by President Ulysses S. Grant.

La Fayette Grover

La Fayette Grover (b. November 29, 1823 – d. May 10, 1911) was a Democratic representative and senator from Oregon, USA.

Grover was born in Bethel, Maine. He was educated at Bethel's Gould’s Academy and Brunswick's Bowdoin College. Studying law and passing the bar in Philadelphia in 1850, he moved to Oregon in 1851 and set up practice in Salem.

The Oregon Territorial legislature elected him prosecuting attorney for Oregon second judicial district and auditor of public accounts for the Oregon Territory. From 1853 to 1855 he was elected to the territorial house of representatives. In 1854 he was appointed by the Department of the Interior to audit the claims out of the Rogue River Indian War. He then was appointed by the Secretary of War in 1856 to a board of commissioners to audit the Indian war expenses of Oregon and Washington.

In 1857 he was a delegate to the Oregon constitution convention and upon admission of Oregon as a state was elected as a Democratic representative to the Thirty-fifth United States Congress serving from February 15, 1859, to March 3, 1859. He did not run for reelection in 1858, instead resuming his law practice and the manufacture of woolens.

He was elected Governor of Oregon in 1871 and served until 1877 when he resigned, having been elected to the United States Senate. Grover served from March 4, 1877, to March 3, 1883 serving in the Forty-sixth United States Congress as the chairman of the Senate Committee on Manufactures. Not a candidate for reelection in 1883, instead he resumed the practice of law and retired from public life. Grover died in Portland, Oregon, on May 10, 1911 and was interned in Riverview Cemetery. 


Stephen F. Chadwick

Stephen Fowler Chadwick (December 25, 1825 - January 15, 1895), was an American Democrat politician who served as Governor of Oregon from 1877 to 1878. Governor Chadwick was the first person to obtain the governorship by way of the state's Line of Succession.

Chadwick was a lawyer, admitted to the New York State Bar on May 30, 1850. He soon made his way to Oregon, setting up a law firm in the Douglas County settlement of Scottsburg in April 1851. Chadwick served as the town's first postmaster.

After moving from Scottsburg to Roseburg, Chadwick ran for the newly created position of Judge of Douglas County. Later he would go on to represent Douglas County at the Oregon 1857 State Constitiutional Convention. In the 1864 and 1868 Presidential elections, Chadwick served as an Democratic elector.

Chadwick won the 1870 election to the position of Secretary of State, and was subsequently reelected in 1874.

In 1877, La Fayette Grover resigned the governorship after his election to the United States Senate by the State Legislature. Chadwick, as Secretary of State and second in the gubernatorial line of succession, was inaugurated to fill out the remaining year of Governor Grover's term.

Although unconstitutional under Article V, Section 1 of the State Constitution, Chadwick also kept his position of Secretary of State. When signing official documents requiring the signatures of both the Secretary of State and Governor, he would sign first on the left side, then on the right.

The most notable policy of his administration was Chadwick's stand on the Nez Perce Wars raging in the northeastern part of the state. Chadwick was unhappy with the stalemated situation, going so far as to inspect the front lines first-hand. He aided white settlers during the conflict, and argued for much harsher punishments for rebellious and uncooperative tribal leaders than the Army's policies.

At the time of the 1878 elections, Governor Chadwick declined a second term and went back to practicing law. He died on February 15, 1895 in Salem, Oregon.



W. W. Thayer

William Wallace Thayer (July 15, 1827 - October 15, 1899) was a Democratic politician active in U.S. states of Idaho and Oregon. Most notably, he was the sixth Governor of Oregon from 1878 to 1882 and Chief Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court from 1888 to 1889. 

Thayer was born on a farm near Lima, New York on July 15, 1827. He received a public education before studying law in college. He was admitted to the New York State Bar in 1851. He then practiced law with his brother in Buffalo and later Tonawanda.

A mining boom in Idaho Territory caught Thayer's attention in 1860, prompting him to move west. He arrived in Corvallis, Oregon in 1861, where he joined another brother, Andrew, at his law firm. In 1863, he would finally move to Idaho, setting up his own law firm in Lewiston. 
In 1866, three years after moving to Lewiston, Thayer was elected District Attorney for the Third Judicial District of Idaho Territory. From 1866 until 1867, he moved to Boise to serve for a session of the Idaho Territory House of Representatives. He moved to Portland, Oregon shortly after leaving the legislature.

Upon returning to Oregon, Thayer establuished a sucessful law firm in the city of East Portland. At this time, he became an active member of the Democratic Party. During the 1876 Hayes-Tilden Presidential Election dispute, Thayer was a member of the legal team which challened the certification of J. W. Watts, a Republican elector for Rutherford B. Hayes. Although sucessful, this challenge did not help Samuel Tilden prevail in the Electoral College.

Still appreciative of his assistance in the Watts Case, the Oregon State Democratic Party nominmated Thayer for Governor in 1878. Thayer would win narrowly, by a margin of 59 votes.

Thayer's time in office is remembered as a fiscally conservative, anti-corruption administration, which sought to make the state bureaucracy more efficient. The State Board of Equalization, land law reforms, and the establishment of a State Mental Hospital were initiated under his leadership. He would completely eliminate the state's debt while in office.

Governor Thayer was often spoke out about the state's finances. Highly critized by Thayer was how the State Legislature based its budget appropriations. He called for revenue projections to be based on actual revenues, not what was anticipated as the Legislature had often done in the past. He also refused to fund the completion of the State Capitol Building, stating that the building was too expensive and lavish for Oregon.

His lasting legacy was reforming the Supreme Court of Oregon into its present incarnation by statute. Previously, Circuit Court judges served also as Justices of the Supreme Court. After the statue change, Supreme Court positions were made a seperate, directly-elected office.

Thayer declined to run for a second term in the 1882 gubernatorial election. Instead, he successfully ran a campaing for Justice of the Supreme Court in 1884. Justice Thayer remained on the bench until 1889, the last two years of that term serving as Chief Justice.

Thayer died in Portland on October 15, 1899.



Z. F. Moody

Zenas or Zena Ferry Moody, also known as Z. F. Moody (born May 27, 1832 in Granby, Massachusetts; died March 14, 1917) was Republican governor of Oregon from 1882 to 1887.


Rusch's tree frog

Rusch's tree frog ("Dendropsophus ruschii") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it at about 800 meters above sea level.

Sylvester Pennoyer

Sylvester Pennoyer (July 6, 1831 - May 31, 1902) was a populist Democrat and served as governor of Oregon (1886 - 1894) and as mayor of Portland, Oregon (1896 - 1898).

Pennoyer was born in Groton, New York, and studied law at Harvard. After graduating, he moved to Oregon where he practiced law and ran local businesses. He was the petitioner in the Supreme Court case "Pennoyer v. Neff" which defined legal jursidictino over citizens in different cases.

As typical for that time, he acted in a stridently partisan manner while governor. He pointedly snuubed president Benjamin Harrison when Cleveland visited Oregon in 1891. He refused to use his resources to protect Chinese-Americans when asked by Grover Cleveland's Secretary of State on May 3, 1893. He again refused to intervene at the request of Cleveland when a group of unemployed workers, part of "Coxey's Army", hijacked a train to travel east and join a mass march on Washington, DC.

William Paine Lord

William Paine Lord (July 1, 1838 - February 17, 1911), was a Republican politician. He was Governor of Oregon from 1895 to 1899. 

Lord was born to Edward and Elizabeth (Paine) Lord in Dover, Delaware. He was partially deaf, and had limited speaking ability. He received his primary education at a Quaker school and through private tutoring. He subsequently studied law at Fairfield College, graduating in 1860. Before he could continue further into his studies, Lord volunteered for military service in the United States Civil War, advancing to the rank of Major in the Union Army. 

Once the war ended, Lord continued in law school at Albany College, graduating there in 1866. He then returned to the military for a second time, re-enlisting at the rank of lieutenent. His duties would include postings at Alcatraz in San Francisco and Fort Steilacoom near Tacoma, Washington. When the United States took formal posession of Alaska in 1867, Lt. Lord was sent to Sitka. In 1868, Lord resigned from the army in order to set up a law practice in Salem, Oregon.

William Pain Lord soon became involved in politics, as he became Salem's City Attorney in 1870. This launched him into his first elected office as a state Senator in 1878. He would resign this seat for a sucessful run as the Republican nomine for Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court. Lord served on the court from 1880 until 1894. He was a popular jusice and had a reputation of being the most competent Jurist in state history, serving out his last term as Chief Justice.

He accepted the Republican nomination for the 1894 Governor's Election, stepping down from the court after his gubernatorial election victory.

Governor Lord's popularity swept him into the Governor's Office. He immediately set out to support higher education, eliminate corruption from land speculators, and fueled support for the direct election of Untied States Senators, when the Senate refused to seat Henry W. Corbett, Lord's apointee.

He promoted ending the corrupt land speculation practices of the time by creating the State Land Board, headed by an official State Land Agent. The present land-use system protecting Oregon's wildlife and fisheries would evolve from this early agency.

Lord also called for a constitutional amendment to the Oregon Constitution allowing the Governor a line item veto. While nothing came of this while he was in office, later governors would would support Lord's proposal. The line item veto was finally approved in 1916.

Lord lost his bid for a second term, after losing in the closely fought 1899 primary election campaign against fellow Republican Theodore Thomas Geer.
Shortly after leaving the Governor's Office, Lord was appointed the U.S. Minister (Ambassador) to Argentina by the Mc Kinley Administration. He served in that capacity until 1902, returning back to Oregon. 

During his time in Oregon, between 1902 and 1910, Willaim Paine Lord was appointed as Code Comissioner by the Supreme Court of Oregon. He proceeded to examine and annote all existing Oregon Statute Laws, compiling them into the three volumed "Lord's Oregon Laws", officially the Oregon Statute Code of 1909.

In 1910 Lord retired to San Francisco, where he would die on February 17, 1911.



Leslie Marr

Sir Leslie Lynn Marr, 2nd Baronet (14 August 1922 – 4 May 2021) was a British landscape artist, painter and former racing driver.

Marr participated in two Formula One World Championship Grands Prix. He made his first appearance on 17 July 1954 at the . He retired from his last world championship race in 1955, after a damaged brake pipe caused him to spin off. 

Marr competed in several non-Championship races, with his best results including winning the 1955 Cornwall MRC Formula 1 Race and finishing fourth in the 1956 New Zealand Grand Prix.

Marr died in Gimingham, Norfolk on 4 May 2021 at the age of 98.

Campton Hills, Illinois

Campton Hills is a village in Kane County, Illinois. It is a far western suburb of Chicago. 11,131 people lived here according to the 2020 US Census.

Liberty Place

Liberty Place are skyscrapers in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. They are made up of a 61-story, skyscraper called One Liberty Place, a 58-story, skyscraper called Two Liberty Place, a two-story shopping mall called the Shops at Liberty Place, and the 14-story Westin Philadelphia Hotel. Construction of One Liberty Place was approved and the first phase of the project began in 1985 and was completed in 1987. One Liberty Place became the city's first skyscraper.

Melanie Stansbury

Melanie Ann Stansbury (born January 31, 1979) is an American scientist and politician. She is the U.S. Representative for New Mexico's 1st congressional district since 2021. Stansbury was a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives for the 28th district from 2019 until 2021. Stansbury is a member of the Democratic Party.

Paul Mooney (comedian)

Paul Gladney (August 4, 1941 – May 19, 2021), better known by the stage name Paul Mooney, was an American comedian, writer, social critic and actor. He was best known as a writer for comedian Richard Pryor. He played singer Sam Cooke in "The Buddy Holly Story" (1978) and Junebug in "Bamboozled" (2000). He also made many appearances on "Chappelle's Show."

Mooney died of a heart attack at his home in Oakland, California on May 19, 2021 at the age of 79.

Molly Crabapple

Molly Crabapple (born Jennifer Caban; 1983) is an American artist and writer. She is an editor for "VICE". She has also written books including an illustrated memoir "Drawing Blood" (2015), "Discordia" (with Laurie Penny) on the Greek economic crisis, and the art books "Devil in the Details" and "Week in Hell" (2012). 

Some of her are held in the permanent collections of the Museum of Modern Art, The Barjeel Art Foundation and the New-York Historical Society.

George Earle Chamberlain

George Earle Chamberlain (1854–1928) was an American politician, legislator, and public official, born near Natchez, Miss. He graduated from the academic and law departments of Washington and Lee University in 1876, then practiced law in Oregon, and soon be a member of the State legislature. He served as district attorney for the third judicial district, Attorney–General of the State, and district attorney for the fourth judicial district. In 1902 he was elected Democratic Governor of Oregon, and in 1906 he was re–elected. He was twice elected to the United States Senate where he served for twelve years (1909–1921). He was author of the Chamberlain Military Preparedness Bill of 1918. He became a member of the United States Shipping Board for the term 1921–25.

Frank W. Benson (Oregon Governor)

Frank W. Benson (March 20, 1858 – April 14, 1911) was an American politician, a Republican, and the 12th Governor of Oregon from 1909 to 1910.

Benson was born in San Jose, California in 1858 to a minister sent west by the Methodist Epispocal Church in 1882. His father, Henry Clarke Benson, moved the family to Portland, Oregon to become editor of the "Pacific Christian Accord" in 1864.

Young Frank was enrolled in the Portland Academy, later continuing his education at the College of the Pacific in Stockton, California. After college, he returned to Oregon, begining a career in education. In 1880, he took charge of the Methodist Umpqua Academy in Wilbur, Oregon. Benson assumed his first elected office as Superintendent of Douglas County Schools between 1882 and 1886. He relinquished the post after becoming president of a Normal School in Drain.

Benson would return to politics in 1892, after his election as Douglas County Clerk. He was relected and passed the state bar exam in 1896. In 1898, Benson began practicing law in Roseburg.

In 1906, Benson would run for Secretary of State, winning both the Republican primary and the general election. The sitting governor George Earle Chamberlain won election to the United States Senate in 1909 and resigned the governor's seat. As Secretary of State, Frank Benson was next in the gubernatorial line of sucession, and was sworn into office March 1, 1909. 

Following Governor Stephen F. Chadwick's example, who assumed the governorship in 1877 under similar circumstances, Benson kept both the Governor's and Secretary of State's offices. Although this is normally forbidden under the Oregon State Constitution. He collected pay for both offices.

Governor Benson undertook no major changes in the state government despite holding two of the states most powerful offices. Instead, he called for a special session of the Legislative Assembly to pass a bill which had been overlooked in the last (25th Biennial) Session. This bill funded operation costs for the state's major institutions, namely the state's prison, reform school, mental hospital, school for the blind, and veteran's home. He also attempted to settle a boundary dispute with neighboring Washington.

Benson had been gravely ill even before he accepted the governorship. Although his condition had seemed to improve since taking office, he left for California in 1910 to seek further treatment. On June 15, 1910, Benson telephoned his priovate secretary, transfering the Governor's powers to Oregon State Senate President Jay Bowerman until he could return to Salem. Bowerman was sworn in as Acting Governor on June 16, 1910. Benso had indicated that he hoped to return by July 20, 1910. He did not seek reelection as Governor; but won reelection as Secretary of State in 1910. Although retaining one of his positions, Benson did not return as planned. His health continued to fail in Redlands, California, where he died April 14, 1911.



Jay Bowerman

Jay Bowerman (August 15, 1876 – October 25, 1957) was an American politician, a Republican, who served most notably as the 13th Governor of Oregon.

Bowerman was born in Hesper, Iowa, the son of Daniel and Lydia (Battey) Bowerman. His siblings were named Ralph, Martha and Mary.

He received his early education in public schools of Hesper, then moved to Salem, Oregon in 1893. He entered Willamette University that same year and graduated with a law degree in 1896 at the age of twenty. He was admitted to the Oregon Bar the following year, practicing law in Salem until 1899. He then moved to Condon, in Gilliam County, Oregon, where he lived for the next twelve years. There he became a law partner of H. H. Henricks. Bowerman's service in the Spanish-American War briefly interrupted his practice of the law. 

He married Elizabeth Hoover in 1903 and together they had three children: William, Daniel and Elizabeth. However, the couple divorced and Bowerman married Wayfe Hockett in 1914; this marriage produced two further children, Sally and Jayne. 

He was elected to the Oregon State Senate from Gilliam County in 1904 and was reelected four years later. He served as president of that body from 1909 to 1911. When Governor Frank W. Benson was incapacitated by ill health in June 1910, he asked Bowerman. as President of the Senate, to assume gubernatorial responsibilities. On June 16, 1910, at age thirty-three, Bowerman became Acting Governor. 

Mindful of bureaucratic economy, Bowerman advocated establishment of a Board of Control to administer the state institutions, which would permit fiscal savings by combined purchasing for state institutions through the office of a single purchasing agent. However, the Board of Control was not established until the administration of his successor. He acted to reduce the risk of loss through bank failure by prohibiting Oregon bankers from the use of speculative stock as assets if they had actively promoted that stock. In 1904 the citizens of Oregon adopted a direct primary law prohibiting party nominating conventions. But establishment Republicans, unwilling to relinquish party control over nominations, held an "assembly" in 1910 at which they nominated Bowerman as their candidate for governor. He was therefore cast in the role of opponent of the "Oregon System" of direct government by his Democratic gubernatorial rival, Oswald West. Bowerman campaigned on a platform supporting modernized highway systems, increased economies in the administration of government, and continued tight control of state land management. West defeated him, however, 54,853 votes to 48,751.

After leaving the office of governor on January 8, 1911, Bowerman moved to Portland, where he resumed the practice of law. He was reelected President of the State Senate but retired following the 1911 session. As a private citizen he actively supported Oregon's first statewide bond issue for highway construction, a $6,000,000 proposal. He also served as an active lobbyist for years at the State Legislature. He died in Portland in 1957.

Oswald West

Oswald West (May 20, 1873- August 22, 1960) was an American politician, a Democrat, who served most notably as the 14th Governor of the state Oregon.

West was born in Ontario, Canada but moved to Salem, Oregon with his family at the age of four where he attended school and eventually went into banking. After several years as a banker in Salem and Astoria, Oregon and a six month stint searching for gold in Alaska West gained an appointment to the State Land Commission. He proved effective in his position with the State Land Commission recovering almost 1 million acres of fraudulently held state land. After leaving the Land Commission he earned a term the Oregon Railroad Commission where he again found a great deal of success.

In 1910 he gained the Democratic nomination for Governor and went on to defeat his opponent and take the office. While in office West defended what he called the "Oregon System" which included initiative and referendum systems still in use in many western American states today. These systems led to women's suffrage, prohibition and various workers rights laws being put in to action under his lead. All pet issues of Governor West.

West's most notable work was in protecting the state's natural resources. It was under his administration the beaches bordering the Pacific Ocean were protected for public use; the office of State Forester and the Bureau of Forestry were established; and the Fish Commission and Game Commission were created.

West served only one term, opting not to run for re-election in the 1914 election. He instead moved his family to Portland, Oregon where he practiced law. He died in Portland on August 22 1960.

Oswald West State Park on the Oregon coast was named in his honor.

James Withycombe

James Withycombe (March 21, 1843-March 3, 1919) was a British-born American politician, a Republican, and the 15th Governor of Oregon.

Born to Thomas and Mary Ann Withycombe in Devonshire, England, English tenant farmers in 1843. Withycome emigrated to the United States with his parents in 1871, settling on a farm near Hilsboro, Oregon. After turning 17, he spent four years working on his father's farm. In 1873, Withycomb purchased his own 100 acre parcel on the Horace Lindsay Land Claim, later expanding his holdings to 256 acres. Agriculture became Withycomb's passion, becoming a prosperous livestock breeder and establishing a reputation as a successful scientific farmer.

His success led to his involvement in local farming organizations. He became a charter member of the Farmington Grange, and later became a leader in the state grange movement. From these platforms, Withycomb's efficient, innovative, and profitable farming methods became a model for farmers across the Pacific Northwest. His stature gained him an appointment as State Veterinarian in 1889, where he would diligently work to improve conditions of livestock health around the state.

Although mostly self-educated, he was sought after by the Oregon Agricultural College at Corvallis (now Oregon State University) in 1898 to head up the college's experimental farming station. He received his Master's Degree in Agriculture 1891 from OAC. Using this position to advance Oregon agriculture, he would play a major part in introducing alfalfa and clover to Eastern Oregon, laying the groundwork for the region's future agricultural economy.

Withycomb also became heavily involved in Oregon's agricultural industry, serving as president of the North Pacific Wool Growers and Northwest Sheep Breeders Associations. His tenureship on the board of the Oregon Academy of Sciences saw the dairy industry's profits rise from $2.5 million to $20 million. Such accomplishments built up respect for Withycombe statewide and gained the state Republican Party's attention.

Withycomb would enter politics in the 1906 primary, losing the Republican gubernatorial nomination. The 1910 election of controversial Democratic Governor Oswald West energized Oregon Republicans, who tapped Withycombe for the 1914 gubernatorial race. He handily defeated challenger Charles Smith; the first Republican Governor to assume office via election since T. T. Geer in 1903.

As Governor, James Withycombe vigourously promoted agricultural development. A notable proposal from his administration was to ask the Legislative Assembly to subsidize flax production as a prison industry. 

The Withycombe Administration backed the "Good Roads" movement, creating the Oregon Highway Commission while in office. With the new commission in place, a large road-building program was initiated, establishing many of Oregon's modern state routes and highways. 

Upon the U.S. entry into the First World War, Governor Withycomb took a vocal and patriotic postion in support of the war effort. He encouraged volunteer military service, and promoted the state's war industries.

While in office, he took a strong position against labor unions. He spoke out publicly against the Industrial Workers of the World, claiming that it terrorized labor and would cripple industry following several instances of I.W.W. threats to disrupt production in 1917. He organized veterans of the Spanish-American War into an Oregon State Defense force, and encouraged citizens in Eastern Oregon to form self-defence committees to defend the state against violent labor agitators. Withycomb used his powers as Governor to shipyard prevent a strike in Astoria, by calling out the National Guard.

His 1918 reelection campaign capitalized on his wartime acts, portraying him as a wartime Governor actively protecting the state and aiding the defense of the United States. These efforts gained him a second term, of which he only served two months. James Withycombe died in office of a heart condition on March 3, 1919, succeeded by President of the Oregon State Senate Ben W. Olcott.



Ben W. Olcott

Ben W. Olcott (October 15, 1872 – March 3, 1952) was a Republican Governor of Oregon, USA.

Olcott was born in Keithsburg, Illinois. He was educated at a Keithsburg elementary school and a business school in Dixon, later becoming a clerk in Chicago. In 1891, at age 19, he moved to Salem, Oregon, and became a roommate and good friend of Oswald West. West would become a major influence in the development of Olcott's political career. 

For nearly 15 years, Olcott travelled throughout the Pacific Northwest, mostly in order to prospect for gold. Often this interrupted pursuits of other occupations, mostly in the field of banking. His trips would take him to Southern Oregon (1892-93 accompanied by Oswald West), back to Salem to become a bank teller (1893-1895), Northern Washington and British Columbia (1895-1897), and then back to Illinois for a career as a bank cashier.

Olcott's sense of adventure prevailed again in 1904, leading him to Alaska. His journey ended notably when he drove a dog sled team to Nome, a trip of over 1,000 miles up the Yukon and Tanna Rivers in the height of winter. Settling in Fairbanks, Olcott found work as a gold dust teller, and later a bank branch manager. He managed to make a sizeable profit from gold prospecting, allowing him to move back to Oregon.

Olcott's good friend Oswald West had entered politics, heading the State Land Office. West offered Olcott a position in the Land Office, which he accepted in 1909. He became more interested in the political process, and was appointed by Governor Chamberlain to oversee the state's interest in a failed Portland bank, which held a large amount of state school funds.

Although he was a Republican, and West was a Democrat, the two had a strong friendship which transcended politics. Olcott ran West's victorious 1910 gubernatorial campaign, and contributed $1,500 to his friend's effort. He married Lena Olcott (nee Hutton), Oswald West's sister-in law.

In 1911, during Oswald West's Governorship, Secretary of State and former Governor Frank W. Benson, died of illness. Despite being from an opposing party, West appointed Olcott as Secretary of State to fill out the rest of Benson's term. Olcott would be elected in his own right to the office in 1912, and reelected in 1916.

On March 3, 1919, Governor James Withycombe died after serving only two months of his second term in office due to heart complications. Ben Olcott, as Secretary of State, assumed the Governorship under the state's gubernatorial line of sucession. Withycombe was so widely respected that Olcott refused to be sworn in until after the late Governor's funeral.

Once in office, Governor Olcott continued Withycombe's road-building agenda. Today's policy of leaving a protected buffer of forested land around state highways was instituted under the Olcott Administration.

Olcott Built upon Withycombe's defense and state safety policies. His administration managed to obtain U.S. Army air patrols for spotting forest fires. He proposed legislation banning the Japanese from holding land in Oregon.

The growing power of the Ku Klux Klan in Oregon alarmed Governor Olcott, who did not hesitate to denounce the organization. He refused any Klan support for his 1922 gubernatorial campaign, jepordizing his nomination. Olcott narrowly won the Republican nomination, but lost the general election to the Klan-supported, Democratic Senate President Walter M. Pierce.

After his electoral defeat, Olcott left Oregon to manage the Long Beach, California branch of the Bank of Italy. In 1924 he returned to Oregon to become a director of the Oregon Mutual Savings Bank in Portland. He died in Portland on July 21, 1952, and was buried in Salem. 



Walter M. Pierce

Walter Marcus Pierce (May 30, 1861 - March 27, 1954) was an American politician, a Democrat, who served most notably as the 17th Governor of Oregon and a member of the United States House of Representatives from Oregon's 2nd Congressional District.

Pierce was born to Charles M. and Charlotte L. (née Clapp) Pierce, Jacksonian Democrat farmers in Morris, Illinois on May 30, 1861. At the age of 17, he began teaching school despite only having a secondary education.

The ideas of Manifest Destiny as espoused by Horace Greeley, influenced Pierce to move west in 1883. After arriving in Portland, Oregon in June of that year, he found no available work. After a time working the wheat fields of eastern Washington Territory, he earned enough money to finally settle in Milton, Oregon in Umatilla County. There, he returned to a career in education, and established a successful farm.

As an educator, Pierce was drawn into local politics. He became well known for his pro-temperance views, as he regularly spoke out against saloons selling alcohol to his students. In 1887, he married one of his students, Clara R. Rudio, who would die during childbirth only three years later. He would marry Clara's sister, Laura in 1893.

From 1886 until 1890, Pierce served as Superintendent of Umatilla County Public Schools. From 1890 until 1894, he served as Umatilla County Clerk, a prosperous time in which he earned enough money from land transactions to further his education. He then returned to Illinois with his family to attend Northwestern University, earning his Bachelors of Law degree in 1896.

After graduation, the Pierce family returned to Oregon, where Walter set up a successful law firm in Pendleton. Between 1896 and 1906, he would manage a power company, speculate in land, and become one of the state's most renowned Hereford Cattle breeders. He won election to and resumed the office of County Clerk, between 1899 and 1903.

Pierce would successfully run for a seat in the Oregon State Senate in 1902. In his first term in the Senate, he unsuccessfully attempted to win passage of prohibition legislation, while successfully winning passage of a state subsidy of $6 per child for education. He was defeated at the polls for reelection, and retired from politics for a decade beginning in 1906.

While out of politics, Pierce continued local and statewide activities. He took part in founding the Oregon Farmer's Union and the Public Power League, headed the State Taxpayers League, and took a seat on the board of Regents of Oregon Agricultural College from 1905 to 1927. He began advocating for using the Columbia River for hydroelectric electric power during this time.

Pierce attempted a run for the Democratic nomination for a seat in the U.S. Senate in 1912, losing to Harry Lane in the general election. In 1916, his constituents elected him to once again serve in the State Senate. Pierce then unsuccessfully ran against incumbent Governor James Withycombe in 1918 as a progressive Democrat. In the next election, 1920, he lost his senate seat by only twenty-seven votes.

The loss of his State Senate seat did not stop Pierce from further pursuing the Governor's office. In 1922, he ran a successful campaign against Ben W. Olcott, with aid from the Ku Klux Klan.

At the time, the Klan was growing in influence and power across the state, and had crafted an overtly anti-catholic and anti-sematic Cumpulsory School Bill. Governor Olcott was perceived as Catholic, and defiantly refused to work with the Klan in any way. Pierce had no such qualms, but was instructed by his advisors to not acknowledge any ties to the Klan. He lent his support to the school bil, and was swept into office with the largest margin of victory recorded in an Oregon Governor's race.

As governor, Pierce had to battle with a Republican-dominated legislature. His administration was able to continue the road-building policies of the previous two administrations, but could not win passage of a state income tax or assessed value license fees for automobiles. He attempted to gain support from progressive Republicans on issues of prison reform, reforestation, and hydroelectric development, but divided the state Democratic Party by endorsing Robert M. La Follette for president in 1924. In March 1925, his second wife, Laura, succumbed to cancer.

In the 1926 elections, Republican I. L. Patterson defeated Pierce. Upon leaving the Governor's office, Pierce returned to his ranch in Eastern Oregon to reflect upon his future political prospects.

Pierce decided that he wasn't through with politics, and unsuccessfully ran for the 2nd Congressional District seat in 1928. This same year, he married Cornelia Marvin, the first State Librarian of Oregon, his third and final wife. He declined to run for a second, inconsecutive term as governor in 1930.

Pierce tried once more for Congress in 1932, a good year for progressive Democrats. He was elected amid exitement over the landslide Presidential election victory of Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Pierce would become a staunch supporter of FDR's New Deal, serving in Congress until his electoral defeat in 1943.

One of the oldest politicians in Oregon history, Pierce retired from politics at age 81. He died near Salem, Oregon on March 17, 1954.



I. L. Patterson

Isaac Lee "Ike" Patterson, (September 17, 1859 - December 21, 1929) was a Republican Governor of Oregon from 1927 to 1929. 

Patterson was born on his family's "King's Valley" estate in Rural Benton County, Oregon September 17, 1859. His parrents were emigrants to the Oregon Territory, having made the overland trip from their previous home of Bellvue, Illinois. Until he reached the age of 18, he worked his father's farm. He later attended Monmouth's Christian College, for one year. Patterson supported himself as a grocery clerk in Independence, later earning his way into a position there as a business partner. His participation in the grocery store would last for 22 years.

In 1898, Patterson entered politics, gaining election to a seat in the Oregon State Senate representing Marion County. At the time, he was one of the youngest State Legislators ever elected, having been sworn in at age 32. President William McKinley appointed Patterson to the post of Collector of Customs, Portland District in 1898, and was reappointed by Theodore Roosevelt in 1902, serving there until 1906.

In 1899, Patterson sold off his share in the grocery store, and purchased a 300 acre ranch in rural Polk County. The farm would prove profitable, and paved the way for Patterson's later venture into a successful wool and hide business in Portland.

After serving out his term as Collector of Customs, Patterson managed his business affairs and kept workinng politicaly inside the Republican Party. In 1918, the citizens of Benton and Polk Counties elected him to represent their district, returning him to the State Senate. In the Senate, he moved his way up and served as Chairman of the Ways and Means Committee.

Patterson attempted to secure the Republican nomination for Governor in 1922, coming in a distant third in the primary in a six-man race. Despite this poor showing, Patterson had strong ties with the party's old guard. He won the Chairmanship of the Oregon State Republican Party Central Committee in 1924, going on to chair Calvin Coolidge's Presidential campaign in Oregon.

His profile statewide rose, and this secured him the Republican gubernatorial nomination in 1926. He would go on to defeat Walter M. Price in that year's general election.

Using President Coolidge as an inspiration, Governor Patterson would govern the state in a financialy conservative manner; streamlining agencies of the state and vetoing legislation which would threaten balancing the state's finances. By 1920, the state balanced its budget for the first time in its history.

His administration notably continued improving state roads and highways, established the state's system of higher education, and directed the state prison system to house adult and juvinile criminals seperately.

He was considered a popular and well-respected figure by rivals and supporters alike, but suddenly died in office of Pneumonia on December 21, 1929. 



A. W. Norblad

Albin Walter Norblad, Sr., (March 18, 1881-April 17, 1960) was a prominent citizen of Astoria, Oregon and the Republican Governor of Oregon from 1929 to 1931.

He was the father of Representative A. Walter Norblad (Albin Walter Norblad, Jr.), Member of the United States House of Representatives, from the 1st Congressional District of Oregon between 1946 and 1964.

Norblad was born in Malmo, Sweden in 1881 to parents Peter and Bessie Youngsberg. The family's last name was changed by the Swedish Government to avoid confusion in military records. The family emigrated to the United States while Albin was very young, settling in Grand Rapids, Michigan.

At age 12, Albin decided to support himself, mostly by means of odd jobs. He would later recount that the most notable jobs held during this time were newsboy, hot dog vendor, and clairinetist for the circuis.

He managed to earn enough money to return to Grand Rapids, taking night classes at the Grand Rapids Business College. After earning enough credits there, Norblad was able enroll at the Chicago Law School, supporting himself as a reporter for the "Chicago American" newspaper's crime beat. Graduating in 1902, he quickly passed the bar exam and moved back to Michigan.

Once in Michigan, he set up a law firm, and was elected District Attorney for Delta County.

While visiting Oregon on business in 1908, Norblad met with an old friend who invited him to live in Astoria. He accepted, and moved with his wife in 1909. He began practicing law, and became involved in the community. His first government office in Oregon was as Astoria's city attorney from 1910 to 1915. He would also become a member of the local school board, and President of the Astoria Chamber of Commerce. Outside of politics, Norblad was involved in many fraternal and civic organizations.

With a prominent local political profile, Norblad went on to run for a seat in the Oregon State Senate, in 1918. Reelected in 1926, he attempted an abortive run for Oregon's At-large U.S. House seat in 1922. He was elected President of the Oregon State Senate in 1927, placing him as second in the state's then-official line of gubernatorial succession.

The death of sitting Governor Isaac Patterson on December 21, 1929 came as a shock to Oregonians. The governor had looked as he'd been recovering since contracting pneumonia late in his third term. Thus Senate President Albin Norblad was sworn promptly as governor. As soon as he was inaugurated, he declared his intent to run for the Republican gubernatorial nomination.

Taking office during the Great Depression, Norblad's first attempts to improve conditions in the state were largely ineffective. Lacking a political identity statewide, and considered a Progressive by conserrvative elements in control of the state Republican party, Norblad was defeated in his primary bid in May 1930, coming in second-place. When the winner of the primary unexpectantly died a month later, Norblad took his name out of the running for the nomination, giving the Republican state central committee his blessing to choose a new candidate.

Freed from having to contest an election, Norblad began focusing his attention on the economic situation in the state. He formed the state's first labor commission, later to become the modern Employment Department. In order to put men back to work, he authorized $2 million worth of road construction, and succeeded in employing 5,000 workers. The Oregon Coast Highway was begun under his leadership. Another $3 million was spent upgrading publicly-owned facilities around the state.

The Governor also took a personal role in pardons and labor disputes. A Pardons Board was established, and Norblad even interviewed pardin-seeking inmates in-person.

In matters involving the rest of the nation, Norblad accepted federal help in solving a long-simmering dispute between Eastern Oregon's cattle and sheep ranchers. The Governor indicated his support for the pending military draft legislation working its way through Congress. He also argued for the state's acquisition of federally-owned forest land.

Defeated in his primary bid, Governor Norblad handed office to the victor of the 1931 gubernatorial election, independent candidate Julius L. Meier.

Norblad went back to practicing law in Astoria, once again becoming closely involved in the community. He founded the Lower Columbia Association of Chambers of Commerce, and gained a $10,000 grant from the descendants of John Jacob Astor for use in the Astoria Centennial Celebration.

Norblad continued his practice and civic activities in Astioria until his death on April 17, 1960.



Julius L. Meier

Julius L. Meier (December 31, 1874 - July 14, 1937) was a businessman in Portland, Oregon, and governor of Oregon. He was born in Portland to German immigrants of Jewish ancestory: Aaron, a merchant and founder of Oregon's largest department store, Meier & Frank, and Jeannette (Hirsch) Meier. He had three siblings, and was the father of Jean Ellen, Elsa Francis, and Julius L., (Jack) Jr.

He married Grace Mayer on Christmas Day, 1901, saying afterwards that it was the only day that he was allowed off from the store.

Meier graduated from the University of Oregon Law School in 1895 and practiced law with a partner, George W. Joseph for the next four years, until he went into the family's business. According to family tradition, it was at this time that he added the "L" to his name; the sign painter, who was putting his name on the door, insisted that all lawyers of substance had one and Meier suggested an "L".

Meier ran for governor as an independent candidate in 1930, winning 54.5 percent of the total vote, outdistancing his nearest competitor, Democratic candidate Edward F. Bailey, 135,608 votes to 62,434. After serving as governor, he retired to his estate above the Columbia River, "Menucha", where he later died.

His family sold Menucha to First Presbyterian Church of Portland in 1950, which now operates it as a conference and retreat center. The Meier and Frank families sold the department store to the May Company in 1966. With May's sale to Federated in 2005, the store was renamed "Macy's" in September, 2006.


Dimetri Hogan

Dimetri Hogan (born July 11, 1992), better known by his stage name Radiant Child, is an American photographer, actor and creative director. He was born in Fairfax, Virginia.

As a fashion photographer he has worked with major publications such as GQ and Maxim. In 2014, he was worked with Vic Mensa in his debut single, "Down on My Luck" as a creative director. He toured with music artist The Weeknd to photograph backstage on his Star Boy Tour in 2017 which was a big success. He worked with various artists and publications and was nominated for Forbes '30 under 30' in 2020.

The Wild Thornberrys: Animal Adventures

The Wild Thornberrys: Rambler is an Action-Adventure video game, developed by Know Wonder Inc. and published by Mattel Interactive. It was released only for the PlayStation in October 26, 2000. "The Wild Thornberrys: Animal Adventures" is the only video game in the series was made for the PlayStation console.

Involves the characters of the Nickelodeon cartoon The Wild Thornberrys with Action-adventure styled gameplay.

"The Wild Thornberrys: Animal Adventures" was heavily designed by the "Know Wonder Inc." for Mattel only on the PlayStation onsole.

The game received mixed to negative reviews.

IGN gave the game a rating of 40/100. Nintendo Power gave the game a 2 out of 5.


Cyberattack

Cyberattack is a term in computer science. It is any attempt to alter, disable, destroy, steal or get into or make unauthorized use of a computer system. 

An attacker is a person or process that attempts to access data, functions, or other restricted areas of the system without authorization. Malicious intent is assumed.
Cyberattacks can be part of cyberwarfare or cyberterrorism. A cyberattack can be done by sovereign states, individuals, groups, society, or organizations. It may start from an anonymous source. A product that helps a cyberattack is sometimes called a cyberweapon.

A cyberattack may steal, alter, or destroy a specified target by hacking into a susceptible system. Cyberattacks can range from installing spyware on a personal computer to attempting to destroy the infrastructure of entire nations. 

Lily Lake, Illinois

Lily Lake is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Borgo San Lorenzo

Borgo San Lorenzo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Capraia e Limite

Capraia e Limite is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Figline Valdarno

Figline Valdarno was a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Figline Valdarno and Incisa in Val d'Arno merged to form the new municipality of Figline e Incisa Valdarno.

Incisa in Val d'Arno

Incisa in Val d'Arno was a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Figline Valdarno and Incisa in Val d'Arno merged to form the new municipality of Figline e Incisa Valdarno.

Figline e Incisa Valdarno

Figline e Incisa Valdarno is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany. It was created on 1 January 2014 from the former municipalities of Figline Valdarno and Incisa in Val d'Arno.

Firenzuola

Firenzuola is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Fucecchio

Fucecchio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany. It has about 23,000 people.

Impruneta

Impruneta is an Italian town in Tuscany. It has about 15,000 inhabitants.

Treviglio

Treviglio is a city in northern Italy. Treviglio is in the Lombardy Region. It has 30,630 people.

Solza

Solza is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Bauduen

Bauduen is a commune of 320 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Moustiers-Sainte-Marie

Moustiers-Sainte-Marie is a commune of 711 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeast France.

Alexander

Alexander is a male given name. It comes from the Greek word Ἀλέξανδρος ("Aléxandros"), which means the "defender of men" (from ἀλέξειν ("aléxein") - "to defend", and ἀνδρός ("andrós") - "man").


Aiguines

Aiguines is a commune of 272 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Habermann (movie)

Habermann () is a 2010 Czech German Austrian war drama movie directed by Juraj Herz and starring Mark Waschke, Hannah Herzsprung, Wilson Gonzalez Ochsenknecht, Karel Roden, Franziska Weisz, Ben Becker, Andrej Hryc.

Incarnations of Nongthang Leima

In Meitei folklore, mythology and religion, Nongthang Leima, the goddess of thunder and lightning, dance and music, charming and seduction, is said to have multiple divine incarnations in the forms of many feminine beings. The ""Laion Laichat"", an ancient Meitei scripture, mentions the 31 divine forms of the goddess, among which Panthoibi and Chang-Ning Leima, are significant.


Hiroshi Mikitani

Hiroshi Mikitani (三木谷浩史, "Mikitani Hiroshi") (was born March 11, 1965) is a Japanese business person and writer. He is the founder, chairman and CEO of Rakuten, Inc. He is also the president of Crimson Group, chairman of the football club Vissel Kobe, chairman of Tokyo Philharmonic Orchestra, and a board member of Lyft. 
Mikitani was born in 1965 and grew up in Kobe, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan. 

Mikitani earned bachelor degree in Commerce from Hitotsubashi University. 

Mikitani began his career at Industrial Bank of Japan with a break to attend Harvard Business School. He left and think to create his own consulting company, Crimson Group. Mikitani said that the destruction caused by the devastating 1995 Kobe earthquake made him realize he wanted to help revitalize Japan’s economy, so he quit banking and decided to start his own business.

After an earthquake in Kobe caused enormous damage so that the area could no longer maintain the Vissel Kobe football club, Mikitani was asked to take over operations of the team. He purchased the team later that year through his company Crimson Group. 

Mikitani partnered with his friend FC Barcelona player Gerard Piqué to co-found Kosmos Holding. A company and investment group to invest in companies based in the sports, media, and entertainment industries. 

Mikitani was awarded the Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award. He was also named to Prime Minister Shinzō Abe's Industrial Competitiveness Council. He was awarded the rank of Chevalier of the National Order of the Legion of Honour by the French government. He was also awarded the Order of Merit of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the 2017 Spain-Japan Business Contribution Award by the Spanish Chamber of Commerce. 

"• Principles for Success" (2007)

"• 92 Golden Rules of Success"

"• Marketplace 3.0: Rewriting the Rules of Borderless Business" (St. Martin's Press, 2013)

• "The Power to Compete: An Economist and an Entrepreneur on Revitalizing Japan in the Global Economy" (with Ryoichi Mikitani, John Wiley & Sons, 2014)

• "Business-Do: The Way to Successful Leadership" (John Wiley & Sons, 2018)

Yellow tree frog

The yellow tree frog, Underwood's yellow tree frog, small-headed tree frog, yellow cricket tree frog, or small-headed dwarf tree frog ("Dendropsophus microcephalus") is a frog that lives in Mexico, the Guianas, Colombia, Costa Rica, Honduras, Venezuela, and Brazil.

This frog is larger or smaller depending on where it lives. In Honduras, the adult male frog can be as long as 27 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog can be 29 mm long. In Mexico, the adult female frog can be 30.6 cm long.

This frog changes color. At night, it is light yellow or light brown with red or dark brown markings.

This frog does not live deep in forests. Instead, it leaves near open areas, for example pastures and forests that humans have changed.

This frog lays eggs in temporary bodies of water, for example ditches. The males sing for the females. Sometimes, the males will sing together, like in a chorus.

T. T. Geer

" 'Theodore Thurston Geer' ", American politician, Democratic Party 1851—1924.

Charles A. Sprague

Charles A. Sprague (November 12, 1887 – March 13, 1969) was the elected Governor of Oregon, and an active spokesman for the progressive portion of the Republican party. He was a publisher and editor of the Oregon Statesman. He also served as an alternate delegate to the United Nations.

He was elected governor on January 9, 1939. His tenure ended on January 11, 1943. 

Sprague was born in Lawrence, Kansas on November 12, 1887. 

From an early age, Sprague was devoted to education. At age 19, he briefly served as a high school principal in Iowa. At age 28, he served as an assistant state superintendent of public school education in the state of Washington.

He attended Monmouth College, in Illinois, graduating in 1910.

Florida's 27th congressional district

Florida's 27th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Florida. Republican Maria Elvira Salazar is the representative since elected in 2021. It contains all of Florida, including the cities of Miami, Miami Beach, Coral Gables, and Kendall. The neighborhood of Little Havana is in this district. 

Hypixel

Hypixel, also known as the Hypixel Network, is a Minecraft server released on April 13, 2013, by Simon "Hypixel" Collins-Laflamme and Philippe Touchette. Hypixel is available on the Java Edition of Minecraft, but used to be on the Bedrock Edition of the game too. Hypixel is considered to be the largest currently active Minecraft server, with an average of 40,000 players online as of 2023. 

The server focuses on "mini-games", which are games that players can play in the server. The most popular ones are (Hypixel) Skyblock, Skywars, and Bedwars. The current most active mini-game is Skyblock, with just about 20,000 players on average. There are a total of nearly 70 mini-games on Hypixel. Out of these, 19 are found in the "Arcade" category. Skyblock itself is in the Prototype category.skyblock 😎 🆒️ doof123 & hampter99 😎

Hypixel Is a very good Minecraft Server and has a huge staff team that are very supportive and will help with all the roadblocks you may face on the server. The community is very welcoming and there is always thousands of people to play against in a variety of games

including Bedwars, Skywars and many others.

Akshaye Khanna

Akshaye Vinod Khanna (born 28 March 1975) is an Indian actor who appears in Hindi movies. He has received two Filmfare Awards and is the son of late actor Vinod Khanna. After studying in Kishore Namit Kapoor Acting Institute in Mumbai, he made his acting debut in Bollywood in 1997 with the movie "Himalay Putra". His next release "Border" (1997) emerged as a critical and commercial success, earning him the Filmfare Best Debut Award and a nomination for Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor.

Khanna became famous with starring roles in the musical romantic drama "Taal" (1999), the comedy drama "Dil Chahta Hai" (2001) which won him a Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor, the romantic thriller "Humraaz" (2002) for which he was nominated in the Best Negative Role category, the romantic comedies "Hungama" (2003) and "Hulchul" (2004), the murder mystery "36 China Town" (2006), the action thriller "Race" (2008) and the heist comedy "Tees Maar Khan" (2010), and he continued to draw praise for his performances in the 1999 romance "Dahek", the 2002 psychological thriller "Deewangee", the 2007 biographical drama "Gandhi, My Father" and the 2010 action thriller movie "Aakrosh".

In 2016, after a four-year break from acting, he came back and played an antagonist in the action-comedy movie "Dishoom" and appeared as an investigative cop in two 2017 thrillers, the crime movie "Mom" and the murder mystery "Ittefaq".

Pati Patni Aur Woh

Pati Patni Aur Woh () is a 2019 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy movie directed by Mudassar Aziz and produced by B.R. Studios & T-Series. The movie stars Kartik Aaryan, Bhumi Pednekar and Ananya Panday. Aparshakti Khurana, Rajesh Sharma, Manu Rishi and Sunny Singh play supporting roles while Kriti Sanon has a special appearance.

Principal photography began on 4 February 2019. The movie was released theatrically worldwide on 6 December 2019. The movie received positive reviews and was successful at the box office and grossed 1.17 billion.


Webdings

Webdings is a typeface made out of dingbats. The design was made in 1997 by Vincent Connare, Sue Lightfoot, Ian Patterson, and Geraldin Wade. It was put in Microsoft's collection of typefaces called the Core fonts for the Web. Many of the characters from Webdings were put in Unicode in version 7.0.

One of the characters is a levitating businessman. Vincent Connare made the character look similar to the logo of 2 Tone Records. It was put in Unicode with the code . The character of a lightning bolt was made to look similar to the one in David Bowie's album "Aladdin Sane". Connare made the characters NYC an eye, a heart, and a skyline to show the I Love New York logo.

Germany national under-20 football team

The Germany national under-20 football team, also known as Germany Under-20s or Germany U20(s), are the under-20s for Germany. It is currently controlled by the German Football Association ("Deutscher Fußball-Bund").

Note: Names in "italics" denote players who have been capped by Germany in a higher age group.






Individual


Team




A♭ (musical note)

A (A-flat; also called la bémol) is the first note of the A♭ major scale. A/G is the only note to have only one other enharmonic.


Ergnies

Ergnies is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Haris Seferović

Haris Seferović (born 22 February 1992) is a Swiss football player. He plays as a striker for Emirati club Al Wasl and the Switzerland national team. 

Érondelle

Érondelle is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Esclainvillers

Esclainvillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cremenaga

Cremenaga is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Imung Lai

An Imung Lai or Emung Lai is any god or goddess worshipped inside the household of the mankind in Meitei folklore and religion. The Imung Lais are the protectors and caretakers of the people. People perform different rites and rituals to worship the deities. The main deities include Sanamahi and Leimarel.


Londa

Londa is a "comune" in Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Marradi

Marradi is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Montaione

Montaione is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Montelupo Fiorentino

Montelupo Fiorentino is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Apokpa

An Apokpa or an Apokpi is an ancestral deity belonging to one particular clan or family, often prevailed in the Meitei religion (Sanamahism). Almost all the clans and the families of the Meitei ethnicity worship their ancestors having separate pantheons dedicated to them.


Montespertoli

Montespertoli is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Courtenay Bartholomew

Courtenay Felix Bartholomew (1931 – 7 May 2021) was a Trinidad and Tobago physician, scientist, and author. He founded and directed the Medical Research Foundation of Trinidad and Tobago. 

Bartholomew was active in HIV/AIDS research. He diagnosed the first case of AIDS in the English-speaking Caribbean. He also led HIV vaccine trials and research on retroviruses with US institutions.

Karl Wirsum

Karl Wirsum (1939 – May 6, 2021) was an American artist who was a member of the Chicago artistic group The Hairy Who, and helped set the foundation for Chicago's art scene in the 1970s. Although he was primarily a painter, he also worked with prints, sculpture, and even digital art.

Palazzuolo sul Senio

Palazzuolo sul Senio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Pleiskirchen

Pleiskirchen (Bavarian: "Pleiskircha") is a municipality in Altötting, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Eamonn Holmes

Eamonn Holmes (born 3 December 1959) is a broadcaster and former journalist Northern Ireland. Holmes co-presented "GMTV" for 12 years between 1995 and 2005, before presenting "Sky News Sunrise" for 11 years between 2005 and 2016. From 2006 and January 2021, he co-hosted "This Morning" with his wife Ruth Langsford on Fridays, and since 2021, during the summer holidays only. He has also presented "Good Morning Britain" (2016-2017), "Gift Wrapped" and "How the Other Half Lives" (2015-present) and "It's Not Me, It's You". He currently is a presenter for GB News. Holmes is an advocate of numerous charities and causes including Dogs Trust, Variety GB and Northern Ireland Kidney Patients' Association.

Holmes was educated at Holy Family Primary School and St Malachy's College, Belfast. He then studied journalism at the Dublin College of Business Studies. He had a wife named Gabrielle Holmes (now ex-wife), but they did not fell in love so that's why he had another wife named Ruth Langsford (now Ruth Holmes).
Esmery-Hallon

Esmery-Hallon is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Essertaux

Essertaux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Estrébœuf

Estrébœuf is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Estrées-Deniécourt

Estrées-Deniécourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Dompierre-sur-Helpe

Dompierre-sur-Helpe is a commune of 854 people (2018). It is in Hauts-de-France in the Nord department in north France.

Julian Nagelsmann

Julian Nagelsmann (born 23 July 1987) is a German professional football manager and former player who was formerly head coach of Bayern Munich.

Known for his flexibility with formations, maintaining possession, and developing "gegenpress", Nagelsmann is widely known as one of the best young managers in world football.

Nagelsmann was born on 23 July 1987 in Landsberg am Lech, Bavaria. He played for FC Augsburg and 1860 Munich at youth level, and was the captain of Munich's U17 team. In the 2006–07 season, he was part of the second team but could not play a single match due to injuries. Nagelsmann returned to Augsburg for the 2007–08 season coached by Thomas Tuchel, but injured his knee and meniscus for the second time, damaging the cartilage. As a result, he decided to end his footballing career at the age of 20. He had already assisted his head coach Thomas Tuchel as a scout in the first half of 2008. He studied business administration in university for four semesters until he transferred to sports science. Then he focused on coaching, returning to his previous club 1860 Munich as an assistant to Alexander Schmidt for Munich's U17 team from 2008 to 2010.

Nagelsmann joined the 1899 Hoffenheim youth academy in 2010 and coached numerous youth teams in the following years. He was an assistant coach during Hoffenheim's 2012–13 season, and up until 11 February 2016, was coaching the club's U19 team. He coached Hoffenheim's U19 "junior team" to win the 2013–14 Under 19 Bundesliga title. During his time as assistant coach, goalkeeper Tim Wiese referred to Nagelsmann as "Mini-Mourinho."

Nagelsmann was appointed head coach of 1899 Hoffenheim on 27 October 2015. He was expected to begin his tenure at the start of the 2016–17 season. He was given a three-year contract. At the time of his appointment, Nagelsmann was 28, and the youngest coach in Bundesliga history. He was to be the successor for Huub Stevens, who had replaced Markus Gisdol the previous day. On 10 February 2016, Stevens resigned as head coach due to health problems, and Nagelsmann's term as head coach was introduced by the Hoffenheim board a day later.

When Nagelsmann took over the club in February 2016, Hoffenheim were 17th in the table, 7 points from the safety of 15th spot and facing relegation. Under Nagelsmann they avoided relegation by winning 7 of their remaining 14 matches and finished a point above the relegation playoff spot. Their good form continued into the 2016–17 Bundesliga season, where they finished 4th in the table and qualified for the UEFA Champions League for the first time in their history.

On 9 June 2017, Hoffenheim extended the contract of Nagelsmann until 2021. On 21 June 2018, Hoffenheim announced that Nagelsmann would be leaving the club at the end of the 2018–19 season. He oversaw his 100th league game as manager of Hoffenheim on 19 January 2019, in a 3–1 defeat to Bayern Munich. In doing so, he became the youngest ever Bundesliga manager to reach the 100–match mark.

On 21 June 2019, RB Leipzig announced that Nagelsmann would be their coach from the 2019–20 season and signed a four-year contract which would expire in 2023. Nagelsmann won his first Bundesliga match as RB Leipzig coach against FC Union Berlin 4–0, he also led Leipzig to a 1–1 draw against FC Bayern Munich. On match-day 10 Leipzig won against Mainz 8–0. Nagelsmann faced his former club Hoffenheim on match-day 14 and won 3–1 against them.

On 10 March 2020, following Leipzig's 4–0 win against Tottenham Hotspur, Nagelsmann became the youngest coach in history to win a UEFA Champions League knockout tie.

On 13 August 2020, RB Leipzig defeated Spanish side Atlético Madrid 2–1 in the quarter-finals, meaning Leipzig would progress to the Champions League semi-finals for the first time in their history. Nagelsmann became the youngest coach in history, therefore, to coach a side in the semi-finals.

On 18 August 2020, RB Leipzig played against Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League semi-finals, where Nagelsmann faced his former boss during his time at Augsburg, Thomas Tuchel. However, RB Leipzig lost 3–0 to Paris Saint-Germain.

In the 2020–21 season, RB Leipzig finished second in the Bundesliga and lost the DFB-Pokal Final 4–1 against Borussia Dortmund.

On 27 April 2021, Bayern Munich appointed Nagelsmann as head coach on a five-year contract, effective from 1 July 2021, replacing Hansi Flick for a world record manager transfer fee of 25 million Euros. Nagelsmann's first match as Bayern coach was a 1–1 draw against Borussia Mönchengladbach in the Bundesliga.

In Nagelsmann's first win as Bayern coach he won his first title as a coach in Bayern's 3-1 victory over Borussia Dortmund in the 2021 DFL-Supercup.

On 24 August 2021, Nagelsmann led Bayern to a 12–0 victory against Bremer SV during the first round of the 2021–22 DFB-Pokal. The scoreline was their biggest win in 24 years, since their 16–1 victory against DJK Waldberg in the DFB Cup in August 1997.

RB Leipzig

Bayern Munich

Individual

2017–2018 United States flu season

The 2017-2018 flu season was a flu season of high severity in the United States. Influenza-like illness (ILI) has a high rate of outpatient and emergency clinic visits, and a high rate of influenza-related hospitalizations, and influenza activities have been on the rise for a long period of time and are widely distributed geographically. In 2017, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention began using a new method to classify seasonal severity and applied the method to the seasons from 2003-2004 to 2016-2017. The 2017-18 season was the first season to be classified as highly serious among all age groups. 

In the 2017-2018 season, influenza-like illness (ILI) activities began to increase in November, and reached a long period of high activity nationwide in January and February, and continued until the end of March. The peak of ILI was 7.5%, the highest percentage since the 2009 influenza pandemic (7.7%). Influenza-like illness (ILI) reached or exceeded the national benchmark for 19 weeks, making 2017-2018 one of the longest seasons in recent years.

According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), there are no reports of childhood flu deaths nationwide. To monitor influenza-related deaths of all ages, the CDC tracks deaths caused by pneumonia and influenza (P&I) through the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS) mortality reporting system. The system tracks the proportion of death certificates that list pneumonia or influenza as a potential cause of death. The system provides an overall indication of whether influenza-related mortality has increased, but does not provide an exact number to indicate the number of deaths from influenza. During the 2017-2018 season, the percentage of deaths due to pneumonia and influenza (P&I) reached or exceeded the epidemic threshold for 16 consecutive weeks.

Kelly Oubre Jr.

Kelly Paul Oubre Jr. (born December 9, 1995) is an American professional basketball player. He plays for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Oubre has also played for the Phoenix Suns.

Homeric Greek

Homeric Greek is the language used by Homer (in his epics: The "Iliad" and "Odyssey") and by Hesiod. It is also known as Epic Greek.

It is called Epic Greek because it was used as the language of epic poetry. This is usually in dactylic hexameter, by poets such as Hesiod and Theognis of Megara. Compositions in Epic Greek disappeared with the rise of Koine Greek.


Umang Lai

The Umang Lai (/oo-mang laai/) is a class of deities which dwell in the forests in Meitei mythology, folklore and religion. The term "Umang" means "forest" and "Lai" means "deity" in Meitei language (Manipuri language). The cults of these deities vary from community to community.


Alkoxide

An alkoxide ion is the ion made by taking a hydrogen ion (H+) off an alcohol. Alkoxide ions have a charge of -1. They include an alkane, which is bonded to an oxygen with a negative charge. Alkoxides are also the compounds made with an alkoxide ion and a positive ion.

Classes of deities in Meitei religion

In Sanamahism (Meitei religion), there are four major classes of deities. These are the Apokpas, the Imung Lais, the Lam Lais and the Umang Lais.
Sometimes, some scholars classify the classes into three, excluding the Apokpa.

Apokpa Marup

The Apokpa Marup or the Apokpa Laining is a modern religious denomination of Sanamahism, the primitive Meitei religion, founded by Laininghal Naoriya Phullo in 1930 in Cachar, Assam. It was founded in the goal of reviving the suppressed old paganism of the Meitei ethnicity in the then Manipur.

Metal toxicity

Metal toxicity or metal poisoning is the bad effect of certain metals doses on life. Most heavy metals are toxic. But, some heavy metals like iron are essential for life. Elements that we need in our body may also be toxic when in high doses.

People are always being exposed to metals in the environment. Medical tests can find metals in our body but does not show that a person is poisoned. Metal screening tests should not be used unless there is reason to believe that a person has had been exposed to excess metals.

A treatment for metal poisoning may be chelation therapy. Chelation is a type of bonding of ions and metals.

Washi

Washi (和紙) is a traditional Japanese paper. The term is used to describe paper that uses local fiber, processed by hand and made in the traditional way. "Washi" is made with fibers from the inner bark of the gampi tree, the mitsumata shrub, or the paper mulberry bush. As a Japanese craft, it is registered as a UNESCO intangible cultural heritage.

Washi is tougher than ordinary paper made from wood pulp. It is used in many traditional arts. Origami, Shodo, and Ukiyo-e were all produced using washi. Washi was also used to make many goods like clothes, household goods, and toys. It was even used to make wreaths that were given to winners in the 1998 Winter Paralympics.

Deux Rivières

Deux Rivières is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Yonne department in central France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Cravant (the seat) and Accolay.



Treigny-Perreuse-Sainte-Colombe

Treigny-Perreuse-Sainte-Colombe is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Yonne department in central France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Treigny (the seat) and Sainte-Colombe-sur-Loing.


Andrew Symonds

Andrew Symonds (9 June 1975 – 14 May 2022) was an Australian cricketer. He played all three formats as a batting all-rounder. He was a key member of the Australian side that won the World Cup twice in 2003 and 2007. 

Symonds was a right-handed middle order batsman and was both a medium pace and off-spin bowler. He was also remembered for his fielding skills. He played 26 Tests and 198 ODIs for Australia. He was often known by the nickname "Roy". He retired from all forms of cricket in 2012.

Symonds was born in Birmingham, England. He was adopted by an English couple, Barbara and Ken Symonds. One of his biological parents was of West Indian ancestry and the other was believed to be of Danish or Swedish background. Shortly after his adoption, the family moved to Queensland, Australia. He grew up in Charters Towers and on the Gold Coast. He lived in Townsville and had two children.

Symonds was killed in a car crash at Hervey Range, near Townsville, on 14 May 2022. He was 46.


The Cow (movie)

The Cow (, Gāv or Gav) is a 1969 Iranian drama movie directed by Dariush Mehrjui and was based on the novel and play by Gholam-Hossein Saedi. It stars Ezzatollah Entezami, Jamshid Mashayekhi, Ali Nassirian, Jafar Vali.

Pelago

Pelago is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Pontassieve

Pontassieve is an Italian town in Tuscany. It has about 20,600 inhabitants.


Reggello

Reggello is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Rignano sull'Arno

Rignano sull'Arno is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Sesto Fiorentino

Sesto Fiorentino is a city in central Italy. Sesto Fiorentino is in the Tuscany Region. It has 49,158 people.

Rufina

Rufina is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Luhansk

Luhansk (; ) is a city in eastern Ukraine, near the border with Russia. It is the administrative center of the Luhansk Oblast. In 2020, 401,297 people lived there.

Zeolite

Zeolites are microporous, aluminosilicate minerals. It is commonly used as commercial absorbants and catalysts. The name "zeolite" was given in 1756 by Swedish mineralogist Axel Fredrik Cronstedt. He called the material "zeolite", from the Greek ζέω (zéō), meaning "to boil" and λίθος (líthos), meaning "stone".

Natural zeolites form where volcanic rocks and ash react with alkaline groundwater. Zeolites found in nature are almost never pure. They are contaminated by other minerals, metals, quartz, or other zeolites.

Zeolites can be used in domestic and commercial water purification, water softening, and other uses. Zeolites were also found to help silver naturally emit light, which may compete with fluorescent lights or LEDs.

Zeolites can be used to store solar heat harvested from solar thermal collectors. The largest use for zeolite is the global laundry detergent market.

Cabinet of Singapore

The Cabinet of Singapore forms the (executive branch) of Singapore together with the President of Singapore. It is led by the Prime Minister of Singapore who is the head of government. The Prime Minister is a Member of Parliament (MP) appointed by the President who selects a person that in his or her view is likely to command the confidence of a majority of the Parliament of Singapore. The other members of the Cabinet are Ministers who are Members of Parliament appointed by the President on the Prime Minister's advice.

Primary School Leaving Examination

The Primary School Leaving Examination (PSLE) is a national examination in Singapore that is administered by the Ministry of Education and taken by all students near the end of their sixth year in primary school before they move on to secondary school.

Singapore-Cambridge GCE Ordinary Level

The Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education Ordinary Level (O-level) examination is a national examination held annually in Singapore. The examinations are jointly conducted by the University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate (UCLES), Singapore's Ministry of Education (MOE) as well as the Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board (SEAB).

Government of Singapore

The Government of the Republic of Singapore is stated by the constitution to mean the executive branch of government, which is made up of the President and the Cabinet of Singapore. Although the President acts in their personal discretion in the exercise of certain functions as a check on the Cabinet and Parliament of Singapore, their role is largely ceremonial. It is the Cabinet, which has the Prime Minister and other ministers appointed on their advice by the President, that generally controls the Government. The Cabinet is formed by the political party that gains a simple majority in each general election.

Constitution of Singapore

The Constitution of the Republic of Singapore is the supreme law of Singapore. It is the only constitution Singapore has had as a sovereign country, and came into effect in 1965. It is largely based on the 1963 Constitution of the "state" of Singapore, which was when Singapore was part of the country of Malaysia, but also of the constitution of that country. 

The constitution sets out the framework for the republic of Singapore, including a President, who is elected every six years, and a Prime Minister. The Prime Minister leads the government and is appointed by the President, but is responsible to the Parliament and must be accepted by it. Singapore's constitution is also based on the Westminster system, which means all ministers must be members of Parliament (MPs). If they, including the Prime Minister, are not elected to Parliament, they cannot remain in their position. The judiciary also has a strong role in the constitution, with judges acting independently of the President, the government and the Parliament. Judges are appointed for a long time, and cannot be removed except for misconduct. The highest court is the Supreme Court of Singapore, which was set up in 1970, five years after the constitution. 

Changing the constitution demands a two-thirds majority vote in the Parliament. However, to change the scope and sovereignty of the country, such as becoming a part of Malaysia again, a referendum showing the support of two-thirds of all voters is required. The constitution is changed from time to time, including to create MPs who are not elected in constituencies, i.e. by the voters, but to introduce representation for others who do not get the support of voters. These are called NMPs and NCMPs. In changing the constitution and some other matters, they are not allowed to vote. 

Workers' Party of Singapore

The Workers' Party of Singapore, officially known as The Workers' Party (abbreviation WP), is a major centre-left political party in Singapore. The party supports democratic socialism and social democracy. Alongside the governing People's Action Party, it is one of the oldest parties active in the country, having contested every election since 1959.

Dendropsophus dutrai

The Dendropsophus dutrai is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in Areia Branca.

Veigy-Foncenex

Veigy-Foncenex is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Haute-Savoie department in southeast France.

DanTDM

Daniel Robert Middleton (born 8 November 1991), better known online as DanTDM (formerly TheDiamondMinecart), is an English YouTuber, gamer, actor and author known for his video game commentaries. His online video channels have covered many video games including "Minecraft", "Roblox" and "Pokémon".

In June 2013, when his channel got to 100,000 subscribers, he posted a video showing his face for the first time ever.

Middleton married his girlfriend, Jemma, on 17 March 2013. They have a son, called Asher, who was born on 5 January 2020.They had another son, named Miles, who was born on 22 November 2022. 




A627(M) motorway

The A627(M) is a motorway that runs between Chadderton and Rochdale in Greater Manchester, England. It is long and connects these two towns to the M62. It opened in 1972.

Meitei philosophy

The Meitei Manipuri philosophy or Kanglei Meetei philosophy refers to the philosophical traditions of Ancient Manipur (Ancient Kangleipak). In 15th century BC, the Wakoklon Heelel Thilel Salai Amailon Pukok Puya, one of the foremost and the oldest Meitei scriptures based on the antique philosophical traditions, was written in Ancient Manipur. It is the basis of the ideology of Sanamahism, the primitive Meitei religion.
In early notions, the ideology of the creation myth has strong connection with the shapes and figures of the Meitei numerals and Meitei script letters.
The philosophical norms are inscribed in the massive materials of many ancient Meitei chronicles.




Coleman, Alberta

Coleman is a community in the Rocky Mountains within the Municipality of Crowsnest Pass in southwest Alberta, Canada.

Monroe Hayward

Monroe Leland Hayward (December 22, 1840 – December 5, 1899) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a Republican. He was elected to become a U.S. Senator from Nebraska in March 1899. However, he died in late 1899, before taking the oath of office.

Hayward was born in Willsboro, New York. He served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He studied law in Whitewater, Wisconsin. His son, William Hayward, was a lawyer and commander of the Harlem Hellfighters during World War I. His grandson was Broadway producer Leland Hayward. The actress and writer Brooke Hayward is his great-granddaughter.

Hayward died in Nebraska City on December 5, 1899, while comatose. He was 58.

Willsboro, New York

Willsboro is a town in Essex County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 1,905.

Whitewater, Wisconsin

Whitewater is a city in Walworth and Jefferson counties, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 14,390.

Hum Tum

Hum Tum () is a 2004 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Kunal Kohli. It was produced by Aditya Chopra under Yash Raj Films. The movie stars Saif Ali Khan and Rani Mukherjee. The special effects were done by Tata Elxsi. The movie was released on May 28, 2004. It received positive reviews and was a box office success.
"Hum Tum" received 7 nominations at the 50th Filmfare Awards. It won 5 awards, including Best Director (Kohli), Best Actress (Mukherjee), Best Comedian (Khan), Best Female Playback Singer (Alka Yagnik), and Best Scene of the Year. At the 52nd National Film Awards in 2005, Khan was awarded the National Film Award for Best Actor.


Fanaa (2006 movie)

Fanaa () is a 2006 Indian Hindi-language romantic thriller film, directed by Kunal Kohli and produced by Aditya Chopra under Yash Raj Films. The film stars Aamir Khan and Kajol, with Rishi Kapoor, Kirron Kher, Tabu and Sharat Saxena in supporting roles.

"Fanaa" was released on 26 May 2006. Fanaa received positive reviews from critics and became a commercial success. "Fanaa" was one of the most expensive Bollywood films during its time of release.


San Casciano in Val di Pesa

San Casciano in Val di Pesa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

San Casciano in Val di Pesa is twinned with:

Morgan Hill, California

Morgan Hill is a city in Santa Clara County, California.

San Godenzo

San Godenzo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Estrées-lès-Crécy

Estrées-lès-Crécy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Lonely Planet

Lonely Planet is a huge travel guide book creator. , the company had sold 120 million books since creation.

Lonely Planet was created by married couple Maureen and Tony Wheeler. In 1972, they went on a trip through Europe and Asia to Australia.

The company name originates from the misheard "lovely planet" in a song written by Matthew Moore.

Tony returned to Asia to write "Across Asia on the Cheap: A Complete Guide to Making the Overland Trip", created in 1975.

The Lonely Planet guide book series first expanded in Asia, with the India guide book in 1981, and expanded to rest of the world. Geoff Crowther was noticed for frequently inserting his opinions into the text of the guides he wrote. His writing was helpful to the rise of Lonely Planet. The journalist used the word "Geoffness", in tribute to Crowther, to show a quality that has been lost in travel guides.

By 1999, Lonely Planet had sold 30 million copies of its travel guides. The company's creators consequently benefited from profit-sharing and expensive events were held at the Melbourne office, at which limousines would arrive, filled with Lonely Planet workers.

In 2007, the Wheelers and John Singleton sold a 75% stake in the company to BBC Worldwide, worth a guess of £63 million at the time. The company was creating 500 titles and went into television production. BBC Worldwide struggled following the loss, registering a £3.2 million loss in the year to the end of March 2009. By the end of March 2010, profits of £1.9 million had been generated, as digital profits had risen 37% year-on-year over the preceding 12 months, a "Lonely Planet" magazine had grown and non-print profits grew from 9% in 2007 to 22%. 

Lonely Planet's digital presence included 140 apps and 8.5 million unique users for lonelyplanet.com, which made the Thorn Tree travel website forum. BBC Worldwide gained the remaining 25% of the company for £42.1 million (A$67.2 million) from the Wheelers.

By 2012 BBC wanted to sell itself of the company and in March 2013 confirmed the sale of Lonely Planet to Brad Kelley's NC2 Media for US$77.8 million (£51.5 million), at nearly an £80 million (US$118.89 million) loss. 
In April 2020 Lonely Planet made the decision to close its Australian and London offices and lower staffing levels globally in response to the loss in the travel industry resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. The company continued to create its guidebooks, phrasebooks, maps, children's books and inspirational picture tutorials but chose to close its magazine.

In December 2020, NC2 Media sold Lonely Planet to Red Ventures for an unknown amount. Lonely Planet offices continue to work in Dublin, New Delhi and Beijing.

Lonely Planet's online community, the Thorn Tree, was created in 1996. It is named for a Naivasha thorn tree ("Acacia xanthophloea") that has been used as a message board for the city of Nairobi, Kenya since 1902. The tree still exists in the Stanley Hotel, Nairobi. It is used by over 600,000 travelers to share their experiences and look for advice. Thorn Tree has many different forum categories including different countries, places to visit depending on one's interests, travel buddies, and Lonely Planet support.

In 2009, Lonely Planet began creating a monthly travel magazine called "Lonely Planet Traveler". It is available in digital versions for a number of countries.

Lonely Planet also had its own television creation company, which has produced series, such as "Globe Trekker", "Lonely Planet Six Degrees", and "Lonely Planet: Roads Less Travelled". Toby Amies and Asha Gill (both British TV presenters) took part in the Lonely Planet Six degrees.

Estrées

Estrée or Estrées is the name of several communes in France:

Estrées-Mons

Estrées-Mons is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Estrées, Nord

Estrées is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Memoir of Japanese Assassinations

Memoir of Japanese Assassinations (日本暗殺秘録, "Nihon ansatsu hiroku") is a 1969 Japanese historical drama film written and directed by . The movie was based on a 1958 novel "Secret Assassination" by historian Tadashi Suzuki. This anthology film consists of nine incidents in the late and early when assassins changed the course of .

Much like the more well-known movie , which would premiere a year later in 1970, "Memoirs of Japanese Assassins" in a docudrama, which some might find boring, but have a certain love for these types of historical films. Unlike Tora Tora Tora, this movie has no overall plot or protagonist and is just a series of scenes.

Despite being a country with low crime, political assassination has a long history in . Although not nearly as common before , there have been assassinations post-1945, most notably when 17 year old nationalist killed chairman of the Japan Socialist Party on live TV in 1960.

Japanese assassins occupied a special place in the Japanese psyche. Often times, the sincerity of their beliefs were given consideration, and if they were motivated by selfless causes, their punishments were often less severe than a nonpolitical murder. That being said, this was not the case of all assassinations, with Japanese society far more divided than some postwar historians have portrayed it as, i.e. a regimented military dictatorship.

The assassinations depicted alternate between cold detachment and a sympathetic biopic.

The film set during the 19th and 20th centuries such as the , the , the , and the . Throughout the whole story, it depicts a young assassins who is full of pure and beautiful energy of the dissident and confronts the power of time with the spirit of abandoned stones 

This work focuses on the sadness of joining the clan and turning into a terrorist from the birth of the main character, Shō Onuma (played by ), and the from the assassination of in 1932.

Chiba took a break from the TV drama "", which he starred in, and devoted himself to it, awakening while suffering , and politely played Onuma in his youth. for , a radical Buddhist preacher of who leads Onuma, Jiro Tamiya for Hitoshi Fujii, a cadet officer of the who participate in the , and for Takako, an employee whom Onuma meets again. it was arranged and the sides are solidified. 

Of the 142 minutes of screening time, the shooting for the League of Blood Incident chapter was about 100 minutes, and the rest is mainly the moment of assassination on the omnibus. These incidents are the (1860), the Kioisaka Incident (1878), the Assassination of Ōkuma Shigenobu (1889), the Attack on Hoshi Tōru (1901), the (1921), the Guillotine Society Incident (1924), the (1932), the (1935), and the (1936) in that order. 

Chapter 1: Sakuradamon Incident (桜田門外の変, Sakuradamon-gai no Hen) 

Date: March 24, 1860 

Location: , , present-day 

Period time: Bakumatsu era


Characters:


Chapter 2: Kioisaka Incident (紀尾井坂の変, "Kioi-zaka no hen")

Date: May 14, 1878

Location: . 

Period time: Meiji era

Characters: 


Chapter 3: Okuma Shigenobu Case Incident (大隈重信遭難事件, "Ōkuma shigenobu sōnan jiken")

Date: October 18, 1889

Location: , , 

Period time: Meiji era


Characters:


Chapter 4: Hoshi Tōru Case Incident (星亨暗殺事件, "Hoshi tōru ansatsu jiken")

Date: June 21, 1901

Location: 

Period time: Meiji era


Characters:


Chapter 5: Assassination of Yasuda Zenjirō Incident (安田善次郎暗殺事件, "Yasuda zenjirō ansatsu jiken")

Date: September 28, 1921

Location: 

Period: Taishō era


Characters:


Chapter 6: Guillotine Society Incident (ギロチン社事件, "Girochin-sha jiken")

Date: September 10, 1923

Location: 

Period: Taishō era


Characters:


Chapter 7: League of Blood Incident (血盟団事件, "Ketsumeidan Jiken")

Date: 1932

Location: mainland 

Period: Showa era

Estrées-sur-Noye

Estrées-sur-Noye is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Abscon

Abscon is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 4,376 people lived there.


Étalon, Somme

Étalon is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Granit Xhaka

Granit Xhaka (born 27 September 1992) is a Swiss football player. He plays as a midfielder for Bayer Leverkusen. He was the captain of the Switzerland national football team for six weeks but quit because he was rude to football fans.

Basel

Arsenal

Switzerland U17

Individual

Ételfay

Ételfay is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Massacre at Huế

Masscare at Huế, is a mass murder and execution perpetrated by Viet Cong and the Liberation Army during the Democratic Republic of Vietnam control territory of Huế. V.C and North Vietnam killed people because they were supported South Vietnam and the United States Army.

The Liberation Army counter-attacked the United States Army in Huế, bombing the city, killing many civilians, and burying the civilians. that population, along with the dead soldiers of all warring parties. Finally, many sources from the Democratic Republic of Vietnam confirmed that there was no such thing as a ""bloody massacre"" in Huế.

In the early morning of January 31, 1968, during the Lunar New Year, the People's Army of Vietnam and the Liberation Army of South Vietnam simultaneously launched a surprise attack in many cities and localities in South Vietnam - in the early morning of January 31, 1968. including Saigon and Huế. After initial military successes, they were overwhelmed by the enemy and pushed back everywhere, except Huế. Although the Tet Offensive was considered a tactical defeat, it was a victory of great strategic importance.

With the aim of seizing sovereignty over Huế, a 28-day battle between the South Vietnamese Liberation Army and the US Army and the Army of the Republic of Vietnam took place and resulted in 40% of the city being destroyed, 116,000 homeless people. The US Army and the Army of the Republic of Vietnam suffered about 4,400 casualties, while the South Vietnamese Liberation Army and the Vietnam People's Army also lost over 4,000 troops. Also in this re-occupation, the US army used maximum heavy weapons such as napalm bombs, cannons, tank cannons and large recoilless guns . Out of 17,134 houses in Huế, 9,776 houses were completely destroyed, 3,169 were severely damaged; The number of civilians killed according to the first estimate of the government of the Republic of Vietnam was 3,776. The South Vietnamese Liberation Army documents said they buried about 2,000 bomb victims in mass graves along with their own dead soldiers.

In the months and years that followed the Battle of Mau Than at Hue, which began on January 31, 1968, and lasted a total of 26 days, dozens of mass graves were discovered in and around Huế. Victims include women, men, children and baby.

According to Gareth Porter, an American scholar, early estimates by the Ministry of Immigration and Social Security of the Republic of Vietnam put the number of civilians killed by fighting and artillery fire at 3,776, out of the total number of civilians. wounded, dead or missing were 6,700 people. Italian journalist Oriana Fallaci in her autographs said that about 1,100 people were killed when the North Vietnamese troops recaptured Huế, most of the people killed were teachers, lectures, university students, monks, intellectuals and religion followers (mostly buddhist). Historian Stanley Karnow believes that many civilians were executed by the North Vietnamese and their bodies were buried in mass graves.

According to Lê Minh, the commander of the campaign for the whole Thừa Thiên Huế area, the Secretary of the Hue City Party Committee during the Tết Offensive, wrote in his memoirs published in 1988, most civilians died due to being hit by American bombs. city, only a small number were killed as civilians rebelled against those they hated.

A Vietnamese witness in Huế, Nguyễn Thị Hoa, said: ""It started with them (US troops) using artillery." "They bombarded the area where we lived, razed houses and trees." "They fired artillery at the houses in the surrounding areas." "These houses sold gasoline, so when the firecrackers were fired, they burned down." "All the elderly, children, and women who took refuge here were burned alive.""

Don Oberdorfer also cited several sources reporting that there were ""revenge teams"" set up by the Republic of Vietnam, which hunted down and executed civilians who had supported the Liberation Army while they were stationed in Huế.

Josh Duggar

Joshua James Duggar (born March 3, 1988) is an American former reality television personality and a political activist. He is the oldest of the Duggar family; his parents are Michelle and Jim Bob Duggar.

Josh Duggar was the executive director for the FRC Action, a political action committee (PAC), sponsored by the Family Research Council from June 2013 to May 2015.

Duggar was in the television series "19 Kids and Counting".

Duggar was born in Tontitown, Arkansas.

On April 29, 2021, Duggar was arrested by U.S. Marshals on child pornography charges. He was found guilty of the charges on December 9, 2021.

Stammham, Altötting

Stammham is the smallest municipality in Altötting, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria. 

Teising

Teising is a municipality in Altötting, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Tüßling

Tüßling is a town in Altötting, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Tyrlaching

Tyrlaching is a municipality in Altötting, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Winhöring

Winhöring (Bavarian: "Winaring") is a municipality in Altötting, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Geretsried

Geretsried (Bavarian: "Geretsriad") is a town in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.


Bad Heilbrunn

Bad Heilbrunn is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Barnier

Barnier is a surname, and may refer to:


Barnier is also a given name in Holland, though a rare one.

Red cabbage

The red cabbage is a type of cabbage. Its leaves are dark red/purple. However, the plant changes its color according to the pH of the soil. In acidic soils, the leaves grow more reddish. In neutral soils they will grow more purple. In alkaline soils, the will grow greenish-yellow. It can be found in Europe, the Americas, China and Africa.

Benediktbeuern

Benediktbeuern (Bavarian: "Benediktbeiern") is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.


Plague of Cyprian

The Plague of Cyprian is an epidemic that occurred in the Roman Empire between 249 and 270 AD. It is part of the crisis of the 3rd century.

The plague caused food shortages and manpower shortages in the Roman army. This severely weakened the empire in the third century. Its modern name commemorates the early Christian writer St. Cyprien, the bishop of Carthage. He saw and described the plague. The cause of the plague is not known, but may include viruses such as smallpox, pandemic influenza and Ebola haemorrhagic fever.

The death toll of the plague is unknown. About 5,000 people died from the plague every day in Rome.

Happy Land fire

The Happy Land fire was an act of mass murder and arson. It took place in the unlicensed Happy Land social club in West Farms, The Bronx, New York City, United States on March 25, 1990.

The fire was the deadliest in the United States since a fire at the Dupont Plaza Hotel in 1986. It was the deadliest New York fire since the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire in 1911.

Almost 16 months earlier, in November 1988, Happy Land had been ordered to close due to building code violations.

The building housing Happy Land was torn down within 24 hours of the fire. A Cuban, Julio González (1954-2016), was convicted of 87 counts of arson and 87 counts of murder. He was sentenced to 25 years to life.

Savoy cabbage

Savoy cabbage is a variety of the species "Brassica oleracea". Savoy cabbage is a vegetable that grows in winter. In the 18th century, it was brought into Germany as "Savoyer Kohl". It's name is gotten from the Savoy Region in France. It has crinkled, emerald green leaves. The leaves are crunchy and tender. Known cultivars include 'Savoy King' (in the US), 'Tundra' (green with a firm, round heart) and 'Winter King' (with dark crumpled leaves).

Sixth cholera pandemic

During the First World War, the threat and fear of cholera spreading among the troops were real. The war took place during the sixth cholera pandemic, forcing soldiers into close range in sordid conditions. Despite these factors, cholera is relatively rare in the military. Several cases have been reported, but the number is surprisingly low and the death toll is very low. This also affect a flu pandemic after the war was over. Like all previous pandemics, it originated in India and killed 800,000 people. Its spread continues to the Middle East, Africa, Eastern Europe and Russia.

Gai lan

Chinese broccoli (Brassica oleracea var. alboglabra) is a leaf vegetable. It has thick, flat, glossy blue-green leaves. It also has thick stems, and florets similar to broccoli. It is also called Chinese kale, Gai lan, kai-lan, or jie lan. It is a variety of "Brassica oleracea". It's cultivar group is "alboglabra".

Shadow of Destiny

Shadow of Destiny also known in Japan and Europe as is an Mystery adventure game developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo and published by Konami. Originally released on PlayStation 2 console, then later in 2002 port for Xbox (it has been release only in Europe), Microsoft Windows, and finally also available for PlayStation Portable in Japan (2009) and North America (2010).


Tracery

Tracery is a device used in architecture by which windows (or screens, panels, and vaults) are divided into different parts by stone bars. It most commonly refers to the stoneworks that support the glass in a window. Tracery can also be found on the inside and outside of buildings.

Action Henk

Action Henk is an racing video game released for PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, and Xbox 360. Published by Curve Digital.

Murder of Ennis Cosby

Ennis William Cosby (April 15, 1969 - January 16, 1997) was the only son of American actor and comedian Bill Cosby. He was murdered in Los Angeles, California near Interstate 405. Eighteen-year-old Mikhail Markhasev shot Cosby in the head after trying to rob him.

The death of Cosby caused major media coverage, public outrage and support for the Cosby family.

In 1998, Markhasev was tried and found guilty of attempted robbery and first-degree murder. He was sentenced to life in prison.

Date rape drug

A date rape drug is a drug that is used to make a person unable to consent to sex. This makes that person likely to be a victim of rape or sexual assault.

Date rape drugs include GHB, Rohypnol, alcohol and MDMA. Another is methaqualone, also known as Quaalude.

Men who have sex with men

Men who have sex with men (MSM) are males that perform sexual acts on other males. They may be homosexual, heterosexual or bisexual.

The term "MSM" was created during the early 1990s. "MSM" is used in the medical literature and social research to describe such males as a group for research studies.

Men having sex with other men have an increased risk of sexually transmitted diseases (STDs), especially if they don't use a condom. The diseases include HIV, AIDS and herpes. In the United States, males who have sex with other males in and after 1977 have an HIV rate almost 60 times higher than the general population. Even with a condom, anal sex is risky.

Book series

A book series is a group of books that people are meant to read as part of the same story. The story will most of the time happen in the same setting and have the same characters.

Hebe (asteroid)

Hebe ( 6 Hebe) is a large asteroid. It orbits the Sun in our solar system's asteroid belt. It has around 0.5% of the mass of the belt. Hebe is the fifth-brightest object in the asteroid belt after Vesta, Ceres, Iris, and Pallas. It has a mean opposition magnitude of +8.3, about equal to the mean brightness of Titan, and can reach +7.5 at an opposition near perihelion.

Hebe is named after the Greek goddess of youth, Hebe.

Iris (asteroid)

Iris (7 Iris) is a large asteroid. It orbits the Sun between Mars and Jupiter in the solar system's main asteroid belt. It is a remnant planetesimal. It is the fourth-brightest object in the asteroid belt.

Jim Henson's The Hoobs (video game)

The Hoobs is a 2002 video game made for the PlayStation based on the show of the same name. It was developed by Runecraft and published by Sony Computer Entertainment Europe. The game follows Iver, Tula and Groove around Hoobland, as they learn about the world.

The Hoobs is a BAFTA-winning children's television programme created and produced by The Jim Henson Company. It stars five creatures called Hoobs (Hubba Hubba, Iver, Groove, Tula, and Roma) from the fictional Hoobland, and their interactions with Earth and the human race. In each episode they try to find the answer to a question to be put in the great Hoobopaedia created by Hubba Hubba, back in Hoobland, in hopes of learning all there is to know. Hubba Hubba remains in Hoobland; Iver, Groove, and Tula live in the Hoobmobile; and Roma travels to all parts of the world. The five creatures are puppets, but the show also includes some animated sequences as well as live motion of human children who explain concepts to the Hoobs.

Jim Hensons colorful creations, The Hoobs, have entertained TV audiences worldwide and are now bringing their muppet-style fun and learning to the PlayStation.

The Runecraft-developed game follows the adventures of Iver, Tula and Groove as they embark on a voyage of discovery around Hoobland, sharing their experiences with other Hoobs via an enormous database—known as the Hoobopaedia—as well as the local news station and the internet. Half action game, half edutainment title, kids stand to find a whole load of stuff just waiting to be discovered, as well as some interesting Hoob language. Released only in Europe.

 Manufacturer's description:

Hoob! Hoob! Hooray! The Hoobs are here to play! Hop aboard the Hoobmobile with Iver, Tula and Groove and set off on a journey of exploration and discovery, music, dance and FUN. Parents: This Hoobashious game is both entertaining and educational, and not just for you, but for your Tiddlypeeps too! Hoobletoodledoo! Visit the icy arctic, the wild jungle, the rugged mountains, the sandy beach and the Hoobygroovy barnyard. Play fifteen mini-games including Hide and Seek, Matching Pairs and Feed the Chickens. Interact with Hoobloads of Tiddlypeeps to help Hoobs discover the answer to the question of the day.


Nankhari

Nankhari is a Tehsil (town) and a block in Shimla district in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh.It is about 92.5 km from Shimla and 33 km from NH passing through Narkanda and is connected with NH 5 which passes through Narkanda, Theog and Kumarsain.It consists of 17 Gram panchayat and 102 villages.

Nankhari is in a mountainous area. It is also a tourism place.The location co-ordinates of Nankhari are . The elevation of Nankhari is 2086 m.
Nankhari is 33km far away from Narkanda. It is 92.3 km away from Shimla.

The average temperature of the year is 15°C, with variations from changes in elevation.

There is also a helipad in Tharudhaar. It is 33km far away from Narkanda's NH 5. It is 92.3 km far away from Shimla. It is distanced 66 km from Rampur Bushahr.

Samsung Galaxy A32

Samsung Galaxy A32 is a smartphone made by Samsung that released in 2021. It has a Infinity-V display and 48 + 8 + 2 + 2 MP cameras.

Samsung Galaxy A52

Samsung Galaxy A52 is a smartphone made by Samsung that released in 2021. It has a Infinity-O display, 64 + 12 + 5 + 5 MP cameras and IP67 waterproofing.

Samsung Galaxy A72

Samsung Galaxy A72 is a smartphone made by Samsung that released in 2021. It has a Infinity-O display, 64 + 12 + 8 + 5 MP cameras and IP67 waterproofing.

Dendropsophus salli

Dendropsophus salli is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru and Brazil.

Sean Moore (musician)

Sean Anthony Moore (born 30 July 1968) is a Welsh musician. He is known for being the drummer and occasional trumpet player for Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers. He is the cousin of fellow Manic Street Preacher James Dean Bradfield. He moved in with James in his teenage years following his parents' divorce. Moore is one of the founding members of the Manics (formed in 1986) and remains a part of the band to this day.

Moore has three children and got divorced in 2019. He is a fan of Liverpool Football Club. He is also a fan of racing and has one of the fastest times around the German Nürburgring track.

Strap

A strap, sometimes also called strop, is an stretched flap or ribbon, usually of leather or other flexible materials. It is used to keep things in its place.

Carbonara

Spaghetti alla Carbonara or simply Carbonara is a type of pasta dish. It is made with meat and an egg custard. The meat can either be guanciale or pancetta. The egg custard is made of egg yolks, black pepper and parmesan and/or pecorino.

Some people claim that the name Carbonara comes from the black carbon look that the peppers give off. Others believe that the origins of Carbonara come from an old dish eaten by shepherds in Lazio. This dish was called "cacio e ova".

William D. Moseley

William Dunn Moseley (February 1, 1795 – January 4, 1863) was an American politician. A Democrat and North Carolina native, Moseley became the first Governor of the state of Florida, serving from 1845 until 1849 and leading the establishment of the state government.

William Dunn Moseley was born on February 1, 1795 at Moseley Hall in Lenoir County, North Carolina, which is a different place than Moseley Hall on the Northeast branch of the Cape Fear created by colonial official Edward Moseley, to whom he was not related. He was the son of Matthew and Elizabeth Herring Dunn Moseley, who built this Moseley Hall. He and his father were distant descendants of William Moseley, the immigrant ancestor, who came to Virginia in 1649 and built Greenwich near Norfolk on the Elizabeth River in what was then Lower Norfolk County. The plantation house was later known as Rolleston Hall.

Moseley graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1818. He was of entirely English ancestry, all of which had been in America since the days of the original thirteen colonies. He received his master's degree from UNC in 1821. While at the university, Moseley was the roommate of future president James K. Polk.

In 1822, Moseley married Susan Hill; the couple had six children: William Green Moseley, Elizabeth H. Moseley, Susan Hill Moseley, Alice Hill Moseley, Alexander Moseley, and Matthew Moseley. Susan Hill Moseley died in March 1842, after the Moseleys moved to Florida.

Bichl

Bichl is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.


Dietramszell

Dietramszell is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.


Egling

Egling is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Eurasburg

Eurasburg is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria. It is south of the Bavarian state capital, Munich.

Eurasburg is twinned with:



Gaißach

Gaißach is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Greiling

Greiling is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Icking

Icking is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

It consists of:


Tamago kake gohan

Tamago kake gohan is a Japanese dish that the Japanese people eat for breakfast. It is cooked Japanese rice topped with a raw egg. Some toppings such as soy sauce and salmon can be added to it. It is also served in some known restaurants such as Sukiya.

Jachenau

Jachenau is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Reichersbeuern

Reichersbeuern is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Kochel

Kochel am See (Bavarian: "Koche am Sää") is a municipality and a town in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria, on the shores of Kochelsee. The municipality consists of the districts Altjoch, Brunnenbach, Ort, Pessenbach, Pfisterberg, Walchensee and Ried.


Königsdorf

Königsdorf is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Lenggries

Lenggries (Bavarian: "Lenggrias") is a municipality and a town in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria. It is the largest rural municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen. 


Münsing

Münsing is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Malay Singaporeans

Malay Singaporeans () are a local ethnic group in Singapore.

Singdarin

Colloquial Singaporean Mandarin, also known as Singdarin (), is an Mandarin Chinese dialect native to Singapore.

Teochew

Teochew (, , , Chaozhou dialect: , Shantou dialect: ) is a dialect of Chaoshan Min, a Southern Min language, that is spoken by the Teochew people in the Chaoshan region of eastern Guangdong and by their diaspora around the world.

Peranakan

Peranakan refers to mixed Chinese and Malay/Indonesian people. Many Peranakans trace their origins to 15th-century Malacca.

The first Baba-Nyonya originated, from the 15th century, from marriages between Chinese merchants and Malay or Indonesian women.

The Baba-Nyonya partly adopted Malay customs in order to integrate into local communities. During British rule, they acquired a strong influence in the Straits colonies and were even nicknamed the King's Chinese.

Today, their particular identity tends to fade slowly, the younger generation adopting a more standardised Chinese culture.

In Java, Indonesia, the term Peranakan designates the mixed Chinese communities of locals from the cities of Pasisir (north coast of the island). In the Indonesian context, their outward characteristics fadesd all the more as the Indonesians categorized as Chinese properly speaking were forced, during the Soeharto regime (1966-98), to hide outward traces of their identity.

At various times and for various reasons, the Peranakan migrated extensively within the Nusantara region, between Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore. This has resulted in a greater homogeneity of this population. The Peranakan culture is losing its positions and its popularity. Due to the political motives of the countries, the Peranakans of Malaysia and Singapore are increasingly approaching the culture of the Chinese on the mainland. At the same time, the Peranakans of Indonesia, due to the long ban on the Chinese language and the persecution of the Chinese during the reign of Suharto, are increasingly losing their native culture.

Baba and Peranakan Chinese speak a Malay creole, "Baba Malay", a mixture of English, Malay and Hokkien (a Chinese dialect).

Migrations to neighboring countries led to the emergence of small Peranakan communities in Vietnam and Australia .

Chilli crab

Chilli crab is a Singaporean seafood dish. Mud crabs are commonly used and are stir-fried in a semi-thick, sweet and savoury tomato-and-chilli-based sauce.

Kaya toast

Kaya toast is a Singaporean breakfast dish. The food consists of two slices of toast with butter and kaya (coconut jam), commonly served alongside coffee and soft-boiled eggs.

Jurong Island

Jurong Island is an island located to the southwest of the main island of Singapore.

Johor–Singapore Causeway

The Johor–Singapore Causeway is a 1,056-metre causeway that links the city of Johor Bahru in Malaysia across the Straits of Johor to the town of Woodlands in Singapore. It serves as a road and rail link, as well as a water pipeline between the two countries.

Malaysia–Singapore Second Link

The Malaysia–Singapore Second Link is a bridge connecting Singapore and Johor, Malaysia. In Singapore, it is officially known as the Tuas Second Link. The bridge was built to reduce the traffic congestion at the Johor–Singapore Causeway, and was opened to traffic on 2 January 1998. 

Pulau Tekong

Pulau Tekong, also known colloquially as Tekong, is the second-largest of Singapore's outlying islands. It is off Singapore's northeastern coast, east of Pulau Ubin. The island is used by the Singaporean military and is not open to the general public. Transport to the island for permitted persons is via SAF Changi Ferry Terminal.

Places in Singapore

This is a list of places in Singapore based on the planning areas and their constituent subzones as designated by the Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA). Both the planning areas and subzones are listed according to alphabetical order.

The Central Region of Singapore is made up of 22 planning areas, of which 10 forms the Central Area. Planning areas that are part of the Central Area are "italicised".
The East Region of Singapore consists of 6 planning areas. Tampines serves as the regional centre of the East Region.


The North Region of Singapore is made up of 8 planning areas. Its regional centre is located at Woodlands.


The North-East Region of Singapore is made up of 7 planning areas. There are plans to transform Seletar into the regional centre of the North-East Region in the future.


The West Region of Singapore consists of 12 planning areas. The regional centre of the West Region is Jurong East.




CCH Pounder

Carol Christine Hilaria Pounder (born 25 December 1952) is a Guyanese-American actress. On television, she is known for roles such as Angela Hicks in the medical drama series "ER" (1994–1997), Claudette Wyms in the police drama series "The Shield" (2002–2008), Amanda Waller in the animated series "Justice League Unlimited" (2004–2006), Tyne Patterson in the crime drama series "Sons of Anarchy" (2013–2014) and Loretta Wade in the police drama series "" (2014–present).

Pounder's first acting role was in the movie "All That Jazz" (1979). Her other movie credits include "Prizzi's Honor" (1985), "Bagdad Cafe" (1987), "Postcards from the Edge" (1990), "" (1990), "Benny & Joon" (1993), "Demon Knight" (1995), "Face/Off" (1997), "End of Days" (1999), "Orphan" (2009), "Avatar" (2009), "" (2013) and "" (2019).

Pounder was born in Georgetown, British Guiana (now Guyana). She went to a boarding school in England. She moved to the United States in 1970.


Waste treatment

Waste treatment means treating waste so the environment is not impacted. In many countries, forms of waste treatment are required by law.

Sewage treatment is the treatment of human waste. Sewage is made by all human communities.

Democracy sausage

Democracy sausage is a food eaten in Australia on election day.

Democracy sausage might have started in the 1980s or the 2010s depending on what counts as democracy sausage. When Australians hold an election, everyone must come to the voting place. People are not allowed to stay home. Australians started showing up to voting places with grills and cooking sausage for the voters to buy and eat. They put the sausage in a piece of bread.

Twitter created a sausage picture that it added to posts with the hashtags #ausvote and #auspoll and other hashtags about voting in Australia.

The Australian National Dictionary Center named "Democracy sausage" the Word or Phrase of the Year in 2016.

Home Movies (TV series)

Home Movies was an animated television show. It started in 1999. It had four seasons.

Dubach, Louisiana

Dubach is a town in Lincoln Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Vienna, Louisiana

Vienna is a town in Lincoln Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Gonzales, Louisiana

Gonzales is a city in Ascension Parish, Louisiana, United States.

DeQuincy, Louisiana

DeQuincy is a city in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States. In 2020, DeQuincy had a population of 3,144 people.

Playing for Time (movie)

Playing for Time is a made-for-television movie about the Holocaust. Arthur Miller wrote the movie. He based it on Fania Fénelon's true book about her life, called "The Musicians of Auschwitz". The movie was on television on CBS in 1980.

At the Auschwitz death camp, the Nazis choose women who can sing and play instruments to make music for them. They become the Women's Orchestra of Auschwitz. The women see the things that happen in the camp and try to stay alive long enough for the war to end.

The title comes from the English expression "playing for time" which means to stall or delay something bad from happening and the word "playing" as in playing an instrument. The women in "Playing for Time" are playing music so that the Nazis won't kill them yet.

Critics said the movie was "the best script [Miller] has written in years." The movie won many Emmys, a Golden Globe and the Peabody Award.

People did not like that directors chose Vanessa Redgrave to be Fania Fénelon. Redgrave did not like Israel and was pro-Palestine. Fénelon herself said that Redgrave was too tall and did not have a good sense of humor, which she said was one way she stayed alive in the camp. She wanted Liza Manelli instead of Redgrave.

Other members of the women's orchestra said that not all of Fénelon's story was true: They said that Alma Rosé had not been as bad as Fénelon said. They said Fénelon's story made it look like she had saved their lives when really Rosé had saved their lives. Some of the women also said they did not like that very private moments in their lives were in a movie for everyone to see.


Arthur Miller also wrote a play "Playing for Time", but it was after the movie, not before.


Westlake, Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana

Westlake is a city in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is a suburb of Lake Charles.

New Llano, Louisiana

New Llano is a town in Vernon Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is a suburb of Leesville.

Rosepine, Louisiana

Rosepine is a town in Vernon Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is a suburb of DeRidder.

2021 Kabul school bombing

On 8 May 2021, a car bombing, followed by two more improvised explosive device (IED) blasts, happened in front of Sayed al-Shuhada school in Dashte Barchi. The community has a large Shia Hazara population. The bombing was in western Kabul, Afghanistan. It left 85 people dead and 147 injured. The majority of the casualties were girls between 11 and 15 years old.

2021 Israel–Palestine crisis

On 6 May 2021, a conflict began between Palestinian protesters and the Israeli police over a planned Supreme Court of Israel decision about the evictions of Palestinians in Sheikh Jarrah, a neighborhood of East Jerusalem. It lead Hamas to launch rockets onto Israeli cities. The clashes injured more than 300 people, mostly Palestinian civilians.
Protests began on 6 May in Sheikh Jarrah. On 8 May, crowds threw rocks at Israeli police and chanted "Strike Tel Aviv" and "in blood, we will redeem al-Aqsa". On 9 May, Israeli police stormed the al-Aqsa Mosque compound in response to stone-throwing Palestinian crowds. In response, on May 10, Hamas and the Islamic Jihad started firing rockets into Israel. Israel responded with airstrikes into Gaza.

Since 10 May, 62 Palestinians were killed, including fourteen children, and 335 more were wounded. According to the Israel Defense Forces, at least fifteen of Palestinian casualties were Hamas members, and some were killed by Palestinian rockets. Israel reported that Palestinian rockets hit homes and a school, killing four Israeli civilians and an Indian citizen who lived in the country and injuring at least 70 Israeli civilians.
On 20 May 2021, Israel agreed a ceasefire agreement with Gaza militants after 250 deaths due to the conflict. The ceasefire came into effect the next day.

Kazan school shooting

On 11 May 2021, a school shooting and bombing happened in Kazan, Tatarstan, Russia. Nine people (seven students and two teachers) were killed. There were 23 people injured.

The shooter, is Ilnaz Galyaviev, and he pleaded guilty to the murder of two or more persons on 12 May and is being detained until 11 July.

President Vladimir Putin ordered the government to tighten the country's gun laws.

Syosset, New York

Syosset is a hamlet and census-designated place (Syosset) in Nassau County, New York, United States, in the northeastern section of the Town of Oyster Bay, on the North Shore of Long Island.


Muja (alligator)

Muja (born ) is an American alligator at Belgrade Zoo in Serbia. He is the oldest living alligator in the world. He became the world's oldest American alligator in captivity when another of his species, Saturn, died in the Moscow Zoo in 2020.

In 2012, he had a successful surgery to amputate some of his leg after he was diagnosed with gangrene. 

Guinness recorded Muja as the "Oldest living alligator in captivity" stating that, "as of 22 May 2018 he was at least 80 years 252 days."

Robert Sarah

Robert Sarah (; born 15 June 1945) is a Guinean prelate of the Catholic Church. He has been a cardinal since 20 November 2010. He was prefect of the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments from 23 November 2014 to 20 February 2021. 

Sarah was secretary of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples under Pope John Paul II and president of the Pontifical Council "Cor Unum" under Pope Benedict XVI.

Sarah is a conservative Catholic and is a critic of radical Islam.

Angelo Scola

Angelo Scola (; born 7 November 1941) is an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church, philosopher and theologian. He was Archbishop of Milan from 2011 to 2017. He was Patriarch of Venice from 2002 to 2011. He has been a cardinal since 2003 and a bishop since 1991. Scola was born in Malgrate, Kingdom of Italy.

2020 Iowa Democratic caucuses

The 2020 Iowa Democratic caucuses were the first votes to decide the nominee in the 2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 United States presidential election, taking place on 3 February 2020. The winner was Pete Buttigieg, which made him the first openly gay person to win a presidential contest. The Iowa caucuses are closed caucuses, only allowing for people who are registered in the Democratic Party to vote. Iowa gives 49 delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention, of which 41 are pledged delegates given to candidates based on the results of the caucuses.

After a three day delay in reporting the votes, the Iowa Democratic Party announced that Buttigieg had been awarded two more delegates than Sanders, but Sanders had won the popular vote in the state. Most of the media outlets would say that Buttigieg would be the winner, but the Associated Press declined to declare who would be the winner until all recount voting processes had been finished. The official result and calculation of pledged delegates was delayed again by a further six days after the election as they needed to correct the results from 3.1% (55) of the precincts. Both Buttigieg and Sanders then requested a recanvass for 8.1% of the official results, which narrowed Buttigieg's lead over Sanders to 0.08 state delegate equivalents.

The caucuses would be controversial because of the delays in the reporting of the results. Much of the delay was as a result of the mobile application used to report voting totals. More controversy started because of the errors and continued changing in the calculation and reporting of the state delegate equivalents. The Iowa Democratic Party chair would resign on the 12 February 2020 because of the criticism of the reporting.

Arizona City, Arizona

Arizona City is a census-designated place in Arizona. In 2020, about 9,900 people lived there. Arizona City covers and area of about . It is about mid-way between Phoenix and Tucson, each city centre is about away. 

Order of the Crown of Johor

The Most Honourable Order of the Crown of Johor (Malay: "Darjah Mahkota Johor Yang Amat Mulia") is an Order of chivalry awarded by the Sultan of Johor. It was first awarded on July 31, 1886.

Lorenzo Baldisseri

Lorenzo Baldisseri () (born 29 September 1940) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church. He was Secretary General of the Synod of Bishops from 21 September 2013 until 15 September 2020. He was made a cardinal in 2014. He was Secretary of the Congregation for Bishops after more than twenty years. Baldisseri was born in Barga, Italy.

Tar (Linux tool)

tar, short for tarball, is a Linux utility to compress directories into a single file and then decompress them.

A tarball, the name for a file created by tar, has the file extension ".tar". 

tar is often used with GZip to compress the created tarballs, because the tarballs are often quite large.
Since the tarball contains every file in a directory, it is as big or slightly bigger than all of the files by themself.

Stan Francis

Stan Francis (17 March 1899 – 15 April 1966) was a Canadian actor. He died on March 15, 1966 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Francis starred in eight movies and TV shows from 1957 to 1964; his most famous role was Santa Claus in Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer. He also played a few minor roles in Hawkeye and the Last of the Mohicans and The Adventures of Tugboat Annie.

Hundred Days Offensive

The Hundred days offensive is the term used for the last phase of the First World War, on the western front. Between 8 August and 11 November 1918, allied troops did a number of offensives against the Germans. This forced the Germans to retreat behind the Hindenbug line. It ended with the Armistice of Compiègne.

AFC Fylde

AFC Fylde is a football club in Lancashire, England.

Currently, the club plays in the National League North, and it is 6th to the significance of the division in the Football League system of England.

The club was formed in 1988 after the merger of the Football teams Kirkham Town and Wesham and was named "Kirkham & Wesham".

They started playing in the Division One of the West Lancashire League, in 1998 the League was reorganized, and its Division One was renamed Prime Division.

The club won the Northern Counties Cup in seasons 2004/05, 2005/06 and 2006/07.

Before the start of the 2008/09, the Club changed the name to the A.F.C. Fylde.


Sony Yay

Sony YAY! is an Indian pay television channel for children. It is operated by Sony Pictures Networks. The channel replaced Animax in 2017.

The channel was launched on 18 April 2017 replacing Animax. Following the rebrand, Sony Pictures Networks announced their plans to migrate all anime programming featured in Animax as paid content to its digital platform Sony LIV. In addition, the company has also stated Animax Asia was launched as a live, HD channel via streaming on that same platform.




Virtustream

Virtustream is a provider of cloud computing management software. It is a subsidiary of Dell Technologies.

Virtustream is headquartered in McLean, Virginia. It has offices in Atlanta, Bangalore, Dallas, Frankfurt, Kaunas, London, San Francisco, Santa Fe, Sydney, Tokyo, and Washington D.C. Virtustream's global infrastructure includes data centers in Frankfurt, Japan, London, Paris, San Francisco, Seoul, Sydney, Las Vegas, Washington D.C., Chicago, and Virginia.

Virtustream was founded in 2009. In 2015, EMC Corporation bought Virtustream.

In October, 2015, Dell Inc. announced it would acquire EMC. Dell Inc. was united with EMC and renamed as Dell Technologies. Dell Technologies became the world’s largest privately controlled tech company at the time.

Female bodybuilding

Female bodybuilding is when women do bodybuilding. It started in the late 1970s when women began taking part in bodybuilding competitions. 

Before 1977, bodybuilding was a male sport. The first official female bodybuilding competition was in Canton, Ohio, November 1977. It was called the Ohio Regional Women's Physique Championship. It was judged as a bodybuilding contest. 

In the 1980s, female bodybuilding took off. The National Physique Committee and Ms. Olympia held many bodybuilding contests for women. Later in the 1980s, Ms. International, which was in Atlantic City, New Jersey, came into the picture. In the 1989 Ms. International, the runner-up, Jackie Paisley, received the 1989 title. The original winner was disqualified because she used a surrogate during a drug test.

The International Federation for Body Builders made several changes for the Ms. Olympia contest in 2000. The first change was the Ms. Olympia contest was no longer being held as a separate contest. It became part of the "Olympia Weekend" in Las Vegas. The second change was when lightweight and heavyweight classes were added. The third change was for bringing in new judging guidelines.

Mubeen Saudagar

Mubeen Saudagar is an Indian stand-up comedian, actor and mimicry artist

Mubeen Saudagar started his career on performing at various social and cultural events. and the sets of ae", he meet comedian and actor Johnny Lever. jhony Lever asked him to go for an audition. he then got selected and after performed in the shows "Johnny Aala Re". Saudagar's comedy shows include "Laughter Ke Phatke", "Comedy Champions", "Pehchan Kaun", "Yeh Chanda Kanoon Hai", "Comedy Circus", "Comedy Classes" and "Comedy Nights Bachao". In 2017 he was dubbed for Sony Yay's series Sab jholmal hai, he was dubbed for Honey,Bunny,Zordaar,Popat and all male charecters in this Series"

Mubeen Saudagar married Alsaba Saudagar at 2017.

Dendropsophus haddadi

Dendropsophus haddadi is a frog that lives in Brazil.

The Honey Bunny Show With Kapil Sharma

The Honey Bunny Show With Kapil Sharma is an indian cartoon comedy series that launched on 12th October 2020 on Sony Yay. In this show, comedy king Kapil Sharma has a new avatar in all episodes. It is the third spin-off of Honey Bunny Ka Jholmaal after Honey Bunny Lapet Te Raho and Honey Fun A Tan.

In this show, Honey, Bunny, Zoradar, and Popat do funny things and talk with Kapil Sharma.


Social stigma of obesity

The social stigma of obesity, also known as fatphobia, is a stigma that causes problems for overweight and obese people. A similar problem is weight stigma. These two stigmas mean bias and discrimination against people because of their body weight. Several studies across the world show that overweight or obese people have higher levels of stigma than thin people. Also, obese people marry less often. There are fewer jobs or educational opportunities for obese people. On average, obese people get lesser incomes than normal weight and underweight people. There are civil rights and anti-discrimination laws for obese people. However, these people still face discrimination and bias.

Anti-fat bias, also called fat shaming, means prejudice toward obese people. The fat acceptance movement says anti-fat bias is found and seen all through society.

Many health organization report that obesity is unhealthy and can make the person more likely to have medical problems. These problems include type 2 diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure, arthritis, sleep apnea, some types of cancer and stroke.

Neusoft

Neusoft Corporation is a Chinese multinational provider of software engineering services. Headquartered in Shenyang, China.

Neusoft is categorized into five main businesses: IT services, software products, medical equipment, IT education, software and services.

"Neusoft" is an acronym of Northeastern University Software.

Neusoft is the largest China-based company providing IT services.

Neusoft has subsidiaries in United States (Livonia, Michigan, Santa Clara, California, Morrisville, North Carolina), Japan (Tokyo), Switzerland (Appenzell), Germany (Hamburg, Munich) and Romania (Cluj-Napoca).

Neusoft was founded by Northeastern University professors Liu Jiren and Li Huatian in 1988 as the Computer Software and Network Engineering Research Laboratory of Northeastern University. It had three people, three computers, and capital of RMB 30,000.

In 1990 it became the NEU Computer Software Research and Development Centre. It was incorporated in 1991. They had a collaboration with Alpine Electronics of Japan.

The first stages of construction of Neusoft Park began in 1995. Neusoft incorporated the NEU Computer Imaging Centre and began to explore CT scanning and related medical technologies.

The NEU Software Group Ltd. was founded in 1996. One of its early collaborations was with Toshiba. In 1996, Neusoft became the first listed software company in China, with an offering on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. 

By 2004, Neusoft had some 6,000 employees across 40 offices around China. 

By 2009 it was known as China's largest software outsourcing company.

Historically most of their customers are in China and Japan.

By 2015, Neusoft said it had a staff of over 20,000, with six software bases, eight regional centres, and a presence in over forty cities throughout China. 

Tortellini

Tortellini is a type of stuffed pasta. It originated from the Italian city of Bologna. It is in a ring shape, with a filling inside. Anything can go in the filling, including meat, cheese (commonly parmesan or pecorino), egg, etc. It is in a fresh form, so it cooks quick, but the shelf life is short.

Larry (cat)

Larry is a cat who has served as Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office of the United Kingdom at 10 Downing Street since 2011. He is a brown-and-white tabby, believed to have been born in January 2007. By July 2016, when Theresa May became prime minister, he had developed a reputation of being "violent" in his interactions with other local mousers, especially the Foreign Office's much younger cat Palmerston. His Prime Minister's are David Cameron and Boris Johnson. And his monarch is Elizabeth II.

Since being a kitten, Larry has been in good health and has lived over the average of other cats. 

In January 2016 Larry had suffered an infection, which he later recovered from. 

On the 24th September 2023, it was reported that Larry was seriously ill. 10 Downing Street are currently in the process of preparing his death.

Larry is a rescued stray cat from the Battersea Dogs and Cats Home who was chosen by Downing Street staff. Larry was intended to be a pet for the children of David and Samantha Cameron, and was described by Downing Street sources as a "good ratter" and as having "a high chase-drive and hunting instinct". In 2012, Battersea Dogs and Cats Home revealed that Larry's popularity had resulted in a surge of 15% more people adopting cats.

The Downing Street website describes Larry's duties as "greeting guests to the house, inspecting security defences, and testing antique furniture for napping quality". It says he is "contemplating a solution to the mouse occupancy of the house" and has told Downing Street that such a solution is still in the "tactical planning stage".

Unlike his predecessors since 1929, Larry's upkeep is funded by the staff of 10 Downing Street. Fund-raising events to pay for his food are believed to have included a quiz night for Downing Street staff held in the state rooms.

He made his first known kill – a mouse – on 22 April 2011. On 28 August 2012, Larry made his first public killing, dropping his prey on the lawn in front of Number 10. In October 2013, Larry caught four mice in two weeks and one staff member rescued a mouse from his clutches.

In July 2015, George Osborne and Cabinet Office Minister Matt Hancock cornered a mouse in the Chancellor of the Exchequer's office, trapping it in a brown paper sandwich bag. The press joked that the Chancellor of the Exchequer might take over the Chief Mouser position. Freya (cat) is the queen

David Cameron explained during his final Prime Minister's Questions in 2016 that Larry is a civil servant and not personal property, so would not leave Downing Street after a change of premier. Larry has retained his position with the Boris Johnson administration.

Waffle iron

A waffle iron or a waffle maker is a kitchen tool mostly used to cook waffles. It can be made by any material used in kitchen pans, but it is commonly cast-iron. First, the iron gets heated, the batter gets poured into the iron, then the cooker is closed shut until the waffles are done or a set timer is finished.

Evaporated milk

Evaporated milk (also known as unsweetened condensed milk) is a type of canned milk in which most of its water has boiled off, usually 60%. It is different from other canned milks since it does not have added sugar.

Belgian waffles

Belgian waffles are a type of waffle. It is made with a yeast-leveaned batter. It is different from the Liege waffle in size and thickness. It is served as a dessert in Belgium while it is served as a breakfast in North America.

Caroline Rose

Caroline Rose (born October 19, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. She first put out two albums of folk and country-inspired music. Later, she had the pop-rock album "Loner" in 2018. Another album, "Superstar", was released on March 6, 2020.

Rose was born in Long Island, New York.


Madilyn Bailey

Madilyn Bailey Wold (born September 2, 1992) is an American YouTuber and singer-songwriter. She appeared on several French television shows to promote her cover songs. She promoted her original single "Tetris" on the American news show "Today" in 2018.

Bailey began her career just before she graduated from high school.

Songs covered by Bailey include Cher's "Believe", Magic!'s "Rude" and "Titanium" from David Guetta and Sia.

Madilyn Bailey was born in Boyceville, Wisconsin.

Nib sugar

Nib sugar (also pearl sugar and hail sugar) is a type of white sugar. It has big pieces, so it is coarse. It is made by crushing blocks of white sugar. It does not melt very well. It is used as a topping on some sweets.

James Garner (footballer, born 2001)

James David Garner (born 13 March 2001) is an English professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Premier League club Everton.

Nottingham Forest
England U21


Individual

Kingdom of Bohemia

The Kingdom of Bohemia was a kingdom that covered the Czech part of the European region of Bohemia. Its capital was Prague. Form 1526, it formed the northwestern part of the lands of the Habsburg Monarchy. The kingdom started in the 12th century, and was part of the Holy Roman Empire, while it existed. In total, there were 37 monarchs. Most were from the House of Habsburg. The kings were often in a personal union. The king was also a Margrave of Moravia and a Duke of Silesia.

Thae Yong-ho

Thae Yong-ho (; born 25 July 1962), also known as Tae Ku-min (), is a North Korean-born South Korean politician and former diplomat. He became North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Kingdom in 2006. He defected with his family to South Korea in 2016. Thae has been called highest-ranking North Korean official to defect. He is a member of the People Power Party. He has served as a member of the National Assembly for the Gangnam district of Seoul since 2020.

Thae was born in Pyongyang. He is married to O Hye-son and has two sons.

Caramelization

Caramelization is a process when sugars go brown when heated. It also gives sugar a more nutty taste. Caramelans (CHO), caramelens (CHO), and caramelins (CHO) are responsible for the brown color.

Caramelization is used to in several foods:


Note that many caramelized foods also uses the Maillard reaction; particularly recipes having protein.

Bergisches Land

The Bergisches Land is a low mountain range in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, east of Rhine river, south of the Ruhr. The landscape has woods, meadows, rivers and creeks and contains over 20 artificial lakes. Wuppertal is one of the biggest towns and is known as the region's capital, and the southern part nowadays has closer economic and socio-cultural ties to Cologne. Wuppertal and the neighbouring cities of Remscheid, Solingen form the Bergisches Städtedreieck.

Wuppertal Schwebebahn

The Wuppertaler Schwebebahn ("Wuppertal Suspension Railway") is a suspension railway in Wuppertal, Germany.

Its original name is "Einschienige Hängebahn System Eugen Langen" (Eugen Langen Monorail Overhead Conveyor System). It is the oldest electric elevated railway with hanging cars in the world.

Camp Lakebottom

Camp Lakebottom is a Canadian animated series produced by 9 Story Media Group that premiered on Teletoon in Canada on July 4, 2013 and on Disney XD in the United States on July 13, 2013. The series airs on Disney Channels worldwide (except Portugal, where it instead airs on Biggs and RTP2, and Southeast Asia), as well as ABC in Australia.

By April 2014, Teletoon had renewed the show for a second season of another 26 episodes, which aired from 2015 to 2016. A third season began airing on July 3, 2017. The show aired its series finale on July 24, 2017.

The series theme song was performed by Terry Tompkins and Scott McCord.

Three 12-year-old kids, McGee, Gretchen and Squirt board are sent to the wrong summer camp bus and have all sorts of adventures in a camp called Camp Lakebottom, while trying to protect the camp from McGee's nemesis Jordan Buttsquat at Camp Sunny Smiles.



Candice

Candice [kan-dis] is a female name. Candice has Latin origins and is derived from the Latin term "candidus," meaning "bright" or "shining." Additionally, it is associated with Artemis, the Greek goddess of the moon, who was renowned for her beauty and radiance. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

It is a different way to spell Candace.

It came from the Latin word "candida", meaning whiteness.


Christy Altomare

Christy Altomare (born June 23, 1986) is an American singer-songwriter and musical theatre and stage actress. She played Wendla in the rock musical "Spring Awakening". In the off-Broadway revival of the movie "Carrie", she played Sue Snell. Her first Broadway act was as Sophie in "Mamma Mia!". 

Altomare began performing at age five in the community theater in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. She began writing songs at age 12.

Altomare has either won or been nominated or honored for several awards.

Altomare was born in Bucks County, Pennsylvania.

Rocket Monkeys

Rocket Monkeys is an animated television series, created by Dan Abdo and Jason Patterson for Teletoon and Nickelodeon.

Littlest Pet Shop (2012 TV series)

Littlest Pet Shop is an American-Canadian animated television series.

After moving into Downtown City, Blythe Baxter gains the ability to talk to animals. 



Dinofroz

Dinofroz is an Italian animated television comedy series.

Dinotrux

Dinotrux is an American-Canadian animated television comedy series. And this is first DreamWorks Animation being an American/Canadian co-production, and this is first Netflix original series to be voice actors in Canada and US, the more DreamWorks knows there’s an audience, the more DreamWorks understands there is an audience, because this was DreamWorks Animation first Canadian co-production, and the first Netflix original series to be voice actors in Canada and US, because this was Netflix first Canadian co-production, because this was DreamWorks Animation first American/Canadian co-production, and because this was Netflix first American/Canadian co-production, Dinotrux is a Canadian animated series, Dinotrux is a DreamWorks Animation Canadian co-production animated series, Dinotrux is a DreamWorks Animation Canadian co-production series, Dinotrux is a Netflix Canadian co-production, and Dinotrux this is Netflix Canadian co-production original series, the show of Dinotrux it aired on Discovery Family on October 9, 2015 and before "Jungle Junction" is on, the show of Dinotrux it also aired on Disney Junior on September 9, 2015, and before "Jungle Junction" is on at weekdays and weekends at the morning and nighttime of the show.

Chinese cabbage

Chinese cabbage ("Brassica rapa", subspecies "pekinensis" and "chinensis") is among the cultivar groups of Chinese leaf vegetables. It is usually used in Chinese cuisine. They are the Pekinensis Group (napa cabbage) and the Chinensis Group (bok choy). It is a variant cultivars or subspecies of the turnip.

Elizabeth, Louisiana

Elizabeth is a village in Allen Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Reeves, Louisiana

Reeves is a village in Allen Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Church Point, Louisiana

Church Point is a town in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Iota, Louisiana

Iota is a town in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Grand Cane, Louisiana

Grand Cane is a village in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Longstreet, Louisiana

Longstreet is a village in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana, United States.

South Mansfield, Louisiana

South Mansfield is a village in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the suburb of Mansfield.

Stanley, Louisiana

Stanley is a village in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Rylan Clark

Ross Richard Clark (born 25 October 1988), known professionally as Rylan Clark, is an English television presenter, radio personality, singer, narrator and model. 

Rylan became famous after being a contestant on "The X Factor" in 2012. He finished in fifth place. After appearing on "X Factor", he was a contestant on "Celebrity Big Brother". He then became a presenter on the side-show "Big Brother's Bit on the Side" from 2013 to 2018. In 2013, he also joined as one of the presenters on both "This Morning" and "The Xtra Factor." 

Ryan has also presented the BBC Two television programme "" with Janette Manrara (usually Zoë Ball) since 2019. He is also the host of the reviewed editions of "Supermarket Sweep" and "Ready Steady Cook", as well as the BBC's "You Are What You Wear".

Since 2018, Rylan has also been one of the commentators for the United Kingdom's viewers for the Eurovision Song Contest.

Irkutsk Oblast

Irkutsk Oblast (, "Irkutskaya oblast") is a federal subject of Russia (also called an oblast). It is found in the southeast of Siberia. Irkutsk is the oblast's administrative centre.

Napa cabbage

Napa or napa cabbage ("Brassica rapa" subsp. "pekinensis" or "Brassica rapa" Pekinensis) is a type of Chinese cabbage. It came from near Beijing, China. It is used in East Asian cuisine. It can be found in Europe, the Americas and Australia. In almost every country, it is called "Chinese cabbage".

Sachsenkam

Sachsenkam is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Schlehdorf

Schlehdorf is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Wackersberg

Wackersberg is a municipality in Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Éterpigny, Somme

Éterpigny is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cernobbio

Cernobbio is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Como, Lombardy, northern Italy.

It is on the border with Switzerland and near the Lake Como.

Signa

Signa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Vaglia

Vaglia is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Vicchio

Vicchio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Vinci, Tuscany

Vinci is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Renaissance polymath Leonardo da Vinci was born here.

Careggine

Careggine is a "comune" in the Province of Lucca in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Special K

Special K is a type of cereal and meal bars. The product is manufactured by Kellogg's. The Special K was first introduced to the United States in 1955. The cereaBl is made mostly from barley, wheat and lightly toasted rice.

The cereal was once marketed mainly as a low fat cereal that could help one lose weight.

In the United States, the Special K Cereal has several different varieties: Red Berries, Blueberry Lemon, Original, Blueberry, Fruit and Yogurt and Vanilla Almond.

In North America, Special K has meal replacements in two different forms: protein shakes or protein meal bars.

In 2013 in the United Kingdom, many shoppers complained that Special K's flakes were too hard. The reason behind the extra crunch was the ingredient barley. Many other shoppers complained the cereal had become too sugary. The difference was some of the sugar was baked on the outside of the flakes.

There are four flavors of Special K Protein Granola Bars. They are: Almond Honey Oat, Chocolatey Peanut Butter, Dark Chocolate and Greek Yogurt and Fruit.

There are five flavors of the Special K breakfast shakes. They are: Chocolate Mocha Coffee House, Vanilla Cappuccino Coffee House, Chocolate Delight, Red Berries and French Vanilla.

Kapil Sharma

Kapil Sharma is an Indian stand-up comedian, television presenter, actor and producer known for hosting "The Kapil Sharma Show". He previously hosted the television comedy shows Comedy Nights with Kapil and Family Time with Kapil.

Sharma was born in Amritsar, Punjab, India as Kapil Punj. His father Jeetendra Kumar Punj was a head constable in Punjab Police, while his mother Janak Rani is a homemaker. His father was diagnosed with cancer in 1997 and died in 2004 at AIIMS in Delhi. He studied at Shri Ram Ashram Senior Secondary School, Amristar and Hindu College in Amritsar. He is featured in the list of prominent alumni of Apeejay College of Fine Arts, Jalandhar. Sharma has a brother named Ashok Kumar Sharma, who is a Police constable and a sister named Pooja Pawan Devgan.

Sharma rose to fame after winning the comedy reality television show "The Great Indian Laughter Challenge" in 2007, for which he won a cash prize of INR ₹10 lakh. He had previously worked in the Punjabi show "Hasde Hasaande Ravo" on MH One channel. Sharma has stated that he moved to Mumbai in order to become a singer. The Kapil Sharma Show 20th November 2022 

Sharma married Ginni Chatrath in Jalandhar on 12 December 2018 They had a daughter on 10 December 2019. On 1 February 2021, the couple had another child, a son.

Boursorama

Boursorama is a French company which activities are mainly divided between the animation of the information portal Boursorama.com and the activity of internet banking with "Boursorama Banque". Société Générale is the owner.

Since its creation, the website Boursorama.com has been the French leader in online information about the stock market, aimed at both individual investors and professionals. Initially specialized in this activity, Boursorama.com diversified into political and general information with an economic focus.

After several acquisitions and mergers, including Fimatex in 2002, Boursorama also diversified into online banking, resulting in the creation of the current "Boursorama Banque".

Y Combinator

Y Combinator is an American seed money startup. The accelerator invested into 2,000 companies.

It is based in Mountain View, California.

Y Combinator has been founded in March 2005 by Paul Graham and other investors. The main task is to help different companies develop and find investors. 

The program consists of weekly dinners, where guests (experts in various industries) are invited to talk to the founders of companies. They can give advice or invest into the startup in exchange for 7% of the company's shares.

As of 2019, Y Combinator has invested more than 2,000 companies, including Dropbox, Airbnb, Coinbase, Stripe, Reddit, Instacart, Twitch etc.

In 2020, Geoff Ralston became the company's President.


Drezzo

Drezzo was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy. On 14 February 2014, the former municipalities of Drezzo, Gironico and Parè merged to form the new municipality of Colverde.

Gironico

Gironico was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy. On 14 February 2014, the former municipalities of Drezzo, Gironico and Parè merged to form the new municipality of Colverde.

Parè

Parè was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy. On 14 February 2014, the former municipalities of Drezzo, Gironico and Parè merged to form the new municipality of Colverde.

Colverde

Colverde is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy. It was created on 14 February 2014 from the former municipalities of Drezzo, Gironico and Parè.

Histiocytosis

Histiocytosis is the name for a medical condition, when a human (or other animal) has too many hystiocytes. Hystiocites are specialized macrophages. Hystiocitosis is also used as a name for a number of diseases, which have this symptom. The diseases are relatively rare, they affect about one to two newborns per million. The WHO has classified the diseases in three groups. There are different forms of chemotherapy, to treat theose affected. 

Airbnb

Airbnb is an online service for lodging. The name means "Air Bed and Breakfast". It is available in 190 countries.

It is based in San Francisco, California.

Airbnb clients have the opportunity to give for rent their housing partially or fully to different travelers. The site provides a platform for establishing contact between the owner and the guest. Airbnb is also responsible for money payments. Airbnb offers housing in 65,000 cities in 191 countries of the world. From the moment of founding in August 2008 and until April 2017, more than 150 million people have found housing through the Airbnb website.

Short-term rentals are regulated in many places. Hosts may have to have business licenses. They may have to pay hotel taxes. There may be other rules. In Italy they should collect 21% of landlords’ rental income as tax. In New York people cannot rent their homes for less than 30 days unless they are present on the property.

Airbnb was founded in 2008 by Brian Chesky, Nathan Blecharczyk and Joe Gebbia. The offices were in San Francisco, then in Hamburg and Berlin.

The company had 21 funding rounds and got $6B in total.

In 2011, the service won an app award on the South by Southwest conference.

In October 2011, the first international office in London was opened.

In 2012, the company made new locations in Paris, Milan, Barcelona, Copenhagen, Moscow, Sydney, Singapore and São Paulo.

In 2015, the office in Cuba was launched.

In 2018, Airbnb Plus and Beyond by Airbnb services were announced to appear.

In 2020, Airbnb became a public company.


Jim Jackson

James "Jim" Jackson (born October 14, 1970) is an American former professional basketball player. Over his 14 National Basketball Association (NBA) seasons, Jackson was on the active roster of 12 different teams, tying the league record shared with Joe Smith, Tony Massenburg, and Chucky Brown. Jim Jackson played for the Brooklyn Nets, Dallas Mavericks, Philadelphia 76ers, Golden State Warriors, Portland Trail Blazers, Cleveland Cavaliers, Atlanta Hawks, Miami Heat, Sacramento Kings, Houston Rockets, Los Angeles Lakers, and Phoenix Suns. He played from 1996-2005. His most remembered days were with the Mavericks when he was in a big 3 consisting of himself, Jamal Mashburn, and Jason Kidd *AKA the triple J's*

Urbino

Urbino is an Italian city in Marche, southwest of Pesaro, a World Heritage Site with a great cultural history during the Renaissance as the seat of Federico da Montefeltro, duke of Urbino from 1444 to 1482.

The University of Urbino is in Urbino.

In 2019, 14,106 people lived there.

Lutcher, Louisiana

Lutcher is a town in St. James Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Gramercy, Louisiana

Gramercy is a town in St. James Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Campo nell'Elba

Campo nell'Elba is a "comune" (municipality) on the island of Elba, in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Dendropsophus cruzi

Dendropsophus cruzi is a frog that lives in Bolivia and Brazil.

Capoliveri

Capoliveri is a "comune" (municipality) on the island of Elba, in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Capraia Isola

Capraia Isola is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany. In 2019, 392 people lived in Capraia Isola.

It is on the island of the same name of the Tuscan Archipelago.

Castagneto Carducci

Castagneto Carducci is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Collesalvetti

Collesalvetti is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Boccioleto

Boccioleto is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cravagliana

Cravagliana is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Bernd Leno

Bernd Leno (born 4 March 1992) is a German football player. He plays as a goalkeeper for Fulham and the Germany national team.

Adygea

The Republic of Adygea (; ; , "Adygæ Respublik"), also called the Adyghe Republic, is a federal subject of Russia in the North Caucasus region of Eastern Europe. It is the fifth-smallest federal subject in Russia. Adygea is one of Russia's republics and home to the Circassian people. The official languages of Adygea are Russian and Adyghe. The capital and largest city of Adygea is Maykop, which houses one-third of the republic's population.

Lorenzo Insigne

Lorenzo Insigne (born 4 June 1991) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Major League Soccer club Toronto FC.

Frattamaggiore

Frattamaggiore is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Naples in the Italian region of Campania.

L'Étoile, Somme

L'Étoile is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Étréjust

Étréjust is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Étricourt-Manancourt

Étricourt-Manancourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

La Faloise

La Faloise is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Falvy

Falvy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Faverolles, Somme

Faverolles is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Anykščiai

Anykščiai is a city in the northeast of Lithuania and Utena County. It is 33 kilometres away from Utena.

Anykščiai was first mentioned in 1442. In 1442-1452, a wooden church was built here.

Abaucourt-Hautecourt

Abaucourt-Hautecourt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Meuse department in northeast France.

Favières, Somme

Favières is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Beverly Hills Cop (2006 video game)

Beverly Hills Cop is a 2006 first-person shooter video game based on the movie series with the same name that came out for the PlayStation 2. It was developed by Atomic Planet Entertainment, published by Blast Entertainment and only came out in Europe.

The game was widely panned by critics.

Ailly

Ailly is the name of four communes in France:


Phillip Glenister

Philip Haywood Glenister (born 10 February 1963) is an English actor, best known for his roles as DCI William Bell in "State of Play", DCI Gene Hunt on the BBC series "Life on Mars" and its sequel "Ashes to Ashes", and Reverend Anderson in "Outcast".

Glenister was born in Harrow, Middlesex, and grew up in Hatch End. He is the son of director John Glenister and Joan Glenister, and the younger brother of fellow actor Robert Glenister. He is of Welsh ancestry from his maternal side. He attended Hatch End High School, and with the encouragement of his then-sister-in-law Amanda Redman, he pursued acting and attended drama school at the Central School of Speech and Drama.

In the early 1990s, Glenister appeared in various TV series including "Minder", "The Ruth Rendell Mysteries", "Heartbeat", "The Chief", "Dressing for Breakfast" and "Silent Witness". In 1997, he appeared in "Sharpe's Justice" as Richard Sharpe's half-brother Matt Truman. He played William Dobbin in the 1998 mini-series "Vanity Fair".

From 1998 to 1999, Glenister co-starred as a mini-cab driver who aspires to be a rock star in the series "Roger Roger". He also played factory boss Mack Mackintosh in the first three series of "Clocking Off" from 2000–02. In 2001, he appeared in two of the "Hornblower" TV films as Horatio's antagonist Gunner Hobbs.

Glenister played the photographer who took nude photos for a Women's Institute fundraising calendar in the 2003 feature film "Calendar Girls". Also in 2003, he appeared in the mini-series "State of Play". Glenister played the German commandant, Baron Heinrich von Rheingarten, in the 2004 mini-series "Island at War" about the Occupation of the Channel Islands during World War II.

In April 2006, Glenister read the Bedtime Story for the BBC's children's channel, CBeebies. He returned to the slot in February/March 2007.

Glenister played social reformer and estate manager Mr. Carter in the 2007 BBC costume drama "Cranford", as part of a cast including Judi Dench and Francesca Annis.

Glenister is probably best known for his role as DCI Gene Hunt in "Life on Mars" (2006–07), co-starring with John Simm as Sam Tyler, and its sequel "Ashes to Ashes" (2008–10), with Keeley Hawes as Alex Drake. Glenister also worked with Simm on "State of Play" and "Clocking Off" and the 2008 crime film "Tuesday". Upon announcement of the film, Glenister joked that he and Simm were contractually obliged to work with each other once a year.

Glenister starred as demon hunter Rupert Galvin in the 2009 ITV drama "Demons". He used an American accent for the role, which received some criticism from reviewers. After the series was cancelled, he said he had problems with the role and felt that he may have been miscast.

In 2010, Glenister had a small role (credited as 'Poker Friend') in Woody Allen's "You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger", and he played Charles Forestier in a 2011 feature film of Guy de Maupassant's "Bel Ami". He starred in the 2011 conspiracy thriller "Hidden" on BBC One.

In 2011, Glenister reunited with John Simm once more in the Sky TV mini-series "Mad Dogs" about a group of old friends whose holiday in Majorca takes an unexpected turn. After a successful reception, the cast returned for a second run of the series in 2012. The show ran for two more seasons after that in 2013. Those two seasons consisted of four and two episodes respectively. Glenister played Captain Smollett in Sky1's adaptation of "Treasure Island", broadcast at Christmas 2012. Glenister also appeared in the 2012 premiere of the play "This House".

In 2013, Glenister starred in the final episode of "Agatha Christie's Poirot", starring David Suchet, entitled "Curtain". He also played the role of Mr Trevor Gunn, a lothario PE teacher in David Walliams' BBC One comedy series "Big School".

In 2014, Glenister had a leading role in the Kudos-produced BBC drama, "From There to Here", which focuses on the aftermath of the IRA bombing of Manchester in 1996. The show featured his "Life on Mars" co-star Liz White as his love interest.
That same year, he presented the Channel 4 series "For The Love Of Cars" with fellow classic car enthusiast Ant Anstead. The two friends were set the challenge of restoring classic cars including a Mini Cooper, Land Rover, DeLorean, MG T-type, Ford Escort and a Triumph Stag. The first series ended after six episodes, in which all six classic cars were sold at a London auction, with the second series being aired in 2015.

In 2016, Glenister had a leading role in Robert Kirkman's TV adaptation of "Outcast", where he played Reverend Anderson, and used an American accent. The show ran for 2 series on Cinemax, before it was cancelled in 2017.

In 2017, Glenister starred in an episode of "Inside No. 9" called "The Bill". He also worked with his "Clocking Off" co-star, Lesley Sharp in "Living the Dream". This show was about a British family that moved to America. It ran for 2 series before being cancelled in 2019. That year, Glenister presented the true-crime show, "What the Killer Did Next" on "Crime & Investigation".

Glenister appeared in Julian Fellowes' 2020 television adaptation "Belgravia", based on Fellowes' novel of the same name. It aired on ITV in the UK and Epix in the USA.

A book by Glenister on 1970s and 1980s culture, "Things Ain't What They Used to Be", was published in October 2008.

Glenister is patron of the charity Momentum in Kingston upon Thames, which aims to help children and the families of children undergoing treatment for cancer in Surrey.

Glenister has been married to actress Beth Goddard since 2006. Together, they have two daughters named Millie and Charlotte.

Glenister is a supporter of non-league football team Wealdstone FC. He is also known to be a fan of Arsenal FC.


Gina Yashere

Gina Obedapo Iyashere is a British comedian who has made many appearances on British and American television.

Yashere was born and raised in London, to Nigerian parents. Before becoming a comedian, she worked as a lift maintenance technician and engineer (all of which she mentions in her stand-up routine).

She uses the surname "Yashere" due to encountering common mispronunciation of her original surname.

Yashere was a finalist in the competition in 1996. She has appeared in a number of television programmes, including in the comedy series "The Lenny Henry Show", where she played Tanya and Mrs Omokorede, the pushy Mum. She voiced Keisha on the animated series "Bromwell High". In 2005, she appeared in the reality television series "Comic Relief does Fame Academy", in aid of Comic Relief, and she co-hosted the 2006 and 2007 MOBO Awards alongside 2Baba and Coolio. She has made numerous appearances on "Mock the Week", and appears on the CBBC show "Gina's Laughing Gear".

In 2007, Yashere was featured on the reality show "Last Comic Standing", auditioning in Sydney. She was among the ten finalists, but on 1 August 2007, she and Dante were the first two finalists eliminated.

In 2008, she became the first Briton to perform on "Def Comedy Jam". On 3 September 2009, she appeared on "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien" and performed a stand-up comedy routine. On 24 December, she appeared on "Live at the Apollo". She appeared twice on the short-lived primetime show "The Jay Leno Show": on 21 October 2009, a video of Yashere showed her giving free fortune-telling readings to passers-by, and on 25 November 2009, she operated a walk-in psychic booth. Since 2010, she has appeared semi-regularly on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", in a sketch comedy series called "Madame Yashere: The Surly Psychic". In the sketches, she continues to give fake psychic readings to unsuspecting people on the street.

In 2010, Yashere appeared as Flo in several episodes of the ITV drama "Married Single Other". In April 2010, Yashere's one-hour comedy special, "Skinny B*tch", premiered on Showtime, a US cable channel. She appeared on Watch TV show "Scream If You Know the Answer" with contestant Emily Green from Portsmouth. She helped Emily win the show with a prize fund of £2,000. In 2013, Yashere appeared in an advert for Tesco Mobile. In 2015, Yashere was featured as a selected comic on "Gotham Comedy Live", which airs on AXS TV (season 4-Judah Friedlander). On 8 January 2016, she appeared on "The Nasty Show with Artie Lange", which aired on Showtime.

Starting on 16 March 2017, Yashere became the newest British Correspondent for "The Daily Show".

In September 2019, Yashere appears in a supporting role on the 2019 Chuck Lorre CBS sitcom, "Bob Hearts Abishola", which Lorre created with Yashere. Yashere writes for the show and plays Folake Olowofoyeku's character Abishola's best friend, Kemi. "Bob Hearts Abishola" is the first American sitcom to feature a Nigerian family.

Yashere is a lesbian. She currently lives in North Hollywood, California, with her partner.

Below is an incomplete filmography:


Lisa Hammond (actress)

Lisa Jayne Hammond (born 3 June 1978) is an English actress, known for her roles as Donna Yates in "EastEnders" and as Tina in "Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere". In 2005, she had a minor role in the BBC adaptation of Charles Dickens' "Bleak House". In 2011, she appeared in the first series of "Psychoville". She also appeared in 8 episodes of the British Crime Drama Vera, from 2015–2017.

She played the character Denny in "Grange Hill" between 1994–1996. Hammond did not star in any major roles again until 2004 when she played Tina in "Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere". However, she had minor appearances in television programmes such as "Holby City", "Where the Heart Is" and "Casualty", and in the film "Quills". Hammond also played the major role of the herald in the Royal Shakespeare Company revival of "Marat/Sade" in 2011. In 2005, she played Harriet in the BBC TV mini series, "Bleak House", whilst in 2009 and 2011 Hammond played Kerry in the first and second series of TV comedy "Psychoville".

In April 2015, Hammond appeared in detective television series, "Vera", as Helen, a police intelligence officer. She left "Vera" in April 2017.

In June 2015 Hammond appeared in BBC crime drama "The Interceptor" as a rental car salesperson.

On 19 March 2014, it was announced that the popular BBC long-running continuous drama "EastEnders," had cast Hammond in the role of disabled market trader Donna Yates. The character of Donna was not originally going to be written into "EastEnders" as a disabled character, but Hammond impressed bosses at her audition, and was awarded the part. Donna is the second disabled regular in the soap, after Adam Best (David Proud) who left the show in 2010. Speaking of her casting, Hammond said: "I'm really excited to join the cast of "EastEnders". It's a great opportunity to be a part of such a big and popular show. Donna is a bit of a handful but they're always the most fun characters to play! It feels good to be bad!" Donna's storylines have included: her fierce attitude, which often runs her into arguments; the introduction of her family; and a relationship with Fatboy (Ricky Norwood). Lisa decided to leave the soap in 2018 to pursue other roles. Her last appearance in "EastEnders" was on 20 July 2018, when Donna was seen leaving in the back of a black cab.

Hammond grew up with a restricted growth condition. She revealed in October 2015 that she has received abuse from strangers in the street because of her disability. She spoke about how her wheelchair use received backlash from the public. "The main image of wheelchair users is that of paralysis. So when I get out of my chair to do a scene on my feet, people don't like it. If I'm feeling good and want to walk in that scene, I will. But if I can't or pain levels are bad then I'll use my chair. I've been shouted at. I've had people say, 'Oi, why are you in a chair when you were walking on "EastEnders" last night?'" Hammond also revealed how she had received criticism like this before joining "EastEnders" and that she can struggle with this backlash. "People always think I'm this feisty girl and I can hold my own but in those moments you just don't think of anything to say. It's shock and disbelief. I have to laugh it off."

On 7 September 2017, she participated in the documentary series "Who Do You Think You Are?" and discovered that her maternal side originally came from Wales.

Youngsville, Louisiana

Youngsville is a city in Lafayette Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is a suburb of Lafayette.

Edward Foster

Edward Foster may refer to:

Tim Bain

Timothy Bain (born 13 June 1978) is a British-Australian writer. He is known for writing comedy, children's and animated series for television and as the creator and co-executive producer of ABC Kids' action-comedy series Kangaroo Beach.

Bain has also written for comedy series including Aardman Animations Epic Adventures of Morph, The Rubbish World of Dave Spud, Rove and The Wedge. His children's series credits include PJ Masks, Bluey, Bob the Builder, Fireman Sam, Go Jetters, Counterfeit Cat, Boyster, Tooned 50, Digby Dragon, Dennis the Menace and Gnasher, Bottersnikes and Gumbles, The New Adventures of Figaro Pho, Kuu Kuu Harajuku, Winston Steinburger and Sir Dudley Ding-Dong and Get Ace.

Bain has voiced characters in Go Jetters and in Thomas & Friends series 22–24, playing a variety of humans, trains and buses.

Bain won Best Children's Episode at the British Writers Guild Awards 2018 and Best Animation at the Australian Writers Guild Awards 2017 for his Counterfeit Cat script "Room of Panic".

Tooned 50, starring the voices of Alexander Armstrong and Brian Cox, and Formula-1 champions Jenson Button, Emerson Fittipaldi, Mika Häkkinen and Alain Prost, won a Gold Eurobest Award in 2013 and a Gold Lovie Award.

Bain has written several high school musical-comedies, You're History!, Lucky, RetroActive and High School Spoof-ical. They are published by Maverick Musicals and have been performed across Australia, New Zealand, United Kingdom, the United States, Japan and South Africa.

Bain's short animated films "Arctic Adventure" (2000) and "Kidd" "Kelly" (2003) featured the voices of Eric Bana, Sigrid Thornton, John Clarke, Angus Sampson, Dave Hughes, Kim Gyngell and Judith Lucy. They have screened at festivals including the St Kilda Film Festival, Melbourne International Comedy Festival, Melbourne International Animation Festival and the Massachusetts Children's Film Festival.


Broussard, Louisiana

Broussard is a city in Lafayette and St. Martin Parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana. It is a suburb of Lafayette.

Montpelier, Louisiana

Montpelier is a village in St. Helena Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the least populous municipality in St. Helena Parish.

La Tuque, Quebec

La Tuque is a city in Quebec, Canada. In 2011, 11,227 people lived there.

Whole grain

A whole grain is a grain in which the bran, germ, and endosperm remains intact, unlike refined grains which only keeps the endosperm. Whole grains are more preferred to refined grains as they have more fibre and micro-nutrients.

Blind Ambition

"Blind Ambition" is the 3rd episode of "Family Guy"s 4th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on May 15, 2005. The episode was written by Steve Callaghan and Chuck Klein is the director of the episode. The episode is about Peter Griffin going blind after trying to get a world record.

Mort Goldman gets popular for getting the highest possible score in bowling. Lois goes to the bowling alley and is shocked to see Glenn Quagmire watching her in a bathroom. Quagmire gets arrested but is freed by his neighbor Joe Swanson. Lois and other wives in her neighborhood want Quagmire taken away from the neighborhood. They later say they will let him stay if he stops harassing women. They help Quagmire control himself using operant conditioning (learning about the consequences of one's behaviors). They take Quagmire to a shopping mall. Quagmire sees cheerleaders in a fountain and starts to feel worried. He finds a room with video cameras of women in changing rooms. He sees a woman having a heart attack in one of the cameras. He runs to the woman and does CPR. Quagmire gets awarded for saving the woman from dying. 

Peter feels sad because his friends have had success, but he says he has not. He thinks he will be famous if he gets a world record for eating the most nickels. He tries to eat many nickels, but gets poisoned and goes blind. Peter gets a guide dog and goes to a bar. He ties the dog's leash to a homeless person thinking it is a parking meter. He goes to the bar and does not know it is burning. He saves the bartender from the fire and is called a hero by a news anchor. Peter gets new eyes from the homeless person he tied his guard dog to.

"Family Guy" was first cancelled after its 3rd season. 5 scripts were made in 2001 for if "Family Guy" was brought back by the Fox network. "Blind Ambition" was made from one of the scripts. This is the second episode where Peter and Ernie the Giant Chicken get in a fight. This was supposed to be shown in the episode "The Cleveland-Loretta Quagmire". That episode was too long to show them fighting, so it was put in "Blind Ambition". Some parts of this episode were made but not broadcast. One of these was during Quagmire trying to control himself, where Brian Griffin uses a forklift to carry pornographic magazines away from Quagmire's house.

Many people called David Goodman to say they did not like blind Peter seducing his son Chris thinking he is Lois. Chris Sheridan said that people were also not happy with Quagmire watching Lois in the bathroom. The Fox network can not use the words "Jesus Christ" if they are not talking about Jesus himself. One part of the episode shows God saying "Jesus Christ!" when he accidentally kills a person. Jesus was put in the episode with God so that the part of the episode can be broadcast.

The episode was seen by about 9.26 million people when it was first broadcast.

Kevin Wong from "PopMatters" said that the episode was better than the 4th season's first two episodes. Mike Drucker from IGN thought that Peter and Ernie's fight was funny in the first episode they were in, but said it was not interesting this time. However, Drucker liked the reference to "Star Wars" at the end of the episode.

Ailly, Eure

Ailly is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Eure department in northwest France.

First cholera pandemic

The first cholera pandemic was caused by contaminated rice. It started in the Ganges Delta and broke out in Jessore, India in 1817. By traveling along trade routes established by Europeans, the disease quickly spread to most of India, modern Burma and modern Sri Lanka.

Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two

Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two (also known as Strictly: It Takes Two or simply It Takes Two) is a British television programme, the companion show to the popular BBC One programme "Strictly Come Dancing". First aired on 25 October 2004, it is broadcast from Monday to Friday during the run of the main show on BBC Two at 6:30 pm.

Claudia Winkleman originally presented the show, however she left at the end of the 2010 series and now presents the main show "Strictly Come Dancing", taking Sir Bruce Forsyths place. Since October 2011, Zoe Ball has presented the show. On 18 April 2019, it was announced that Rylan Clark-Neal would be joining the show as a co-host. On 10 June 2021, it was announced on "The One Show" that Janette Manrara would replaced Zoë Ball as the presenter of the show along with Rylan Clark-Neal. It was announced that Fleur East would replaced Ryan Clark-Neal as the presenter.

1826–1837 cholera pandemic

The second cholera pandemic is also known as the Asiatic cholera pandemic. It was a cholera pandemic that spread from India to the entire West Asia, then to the United Kingdom and the Americas, and then to China and Japan. 

The cause of cholera was not known until later in the 19th century. Cholera and typhus are bacterial diseases. Cholera spread by the absence of, or defective, sewage treatment or defective water supply systems. Typhus is spread by lice, chiggers and fleas.


Ampus

Ampus is a commune of 923 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Premier of Anguilla

The Premier of Anguilla is the head of government in the British Overseas Territory of Anguilla. The Premier is appointed by the Governor of Anguilla on behalf of the Monarch of the United Kingdom.

Up until 2019 the office was known as Chief Minister of Anguilla, afterwards it was renamed as Premier.

Osbourne Fleming

Osbourne Berrington Fleming (born February 18, 1940) is a politician. He was the chief minister of Anguilla from 2000 until 2010. 


Hubert Hughes

Hubert Benjamin Hughes (15 October 1933 – 7 May 2021) was an Anguillian politician. He was the island territory's Chief Minister from 16 March 1994 to 6 March 2000, and again between February 2010 and April 2015.

Hughes died on 7 May 2021, aged 87.

Victor Banks

Victor Franklin Banks (born 8 November 1947) is an Anguillan politician. He was a member of the Anguilla United Front (AUF). He was Premier from 14 May 2019 until he lost his re-election bid in the 2020 general election.

Ellis Webster

Ellis Lorenzo Webster is an Anguillan politician. He is the 2nd Premier of the British Overseas Territory of Anguilla since 2020. He was first elected when he led the Anguilla Progressive Movement to victory in the 2020 general election.


Dileeni Daniel-Selvaratnam

Dileeni Daniel-Selvaratnam is a British lawyer and politician. She has been the Governor of Anguilla since 18 January 2021. She is the second female holder of the position after Christina Scott.

Governor of Anguilla

The Governor of Anguilla is the representative of the monarch in the British Overseas Territory of Anguilla. The Governor is appointed by the monarch on the advice of the British government. The Governor is the highest authority on Anguilla. The main role of the Governor is to appoint the Premier of Anguilla.

The current Governor is Dileeni Daniel-Selvaratnam, who was sworn in on 18 January 2021.


Christina Scott

Christina Martha Elena Scott (born 25 December 1974) is a British civil servant and diplomat. She was Governor of Anguilla between 2013 and 2017, and was the first woman to hold the post. She has been Deputy Head of Mission at the British Embassy Beijing since September 2018.

Svante Thuresson

Svante Thuresson (7 February 1937 – 10 May 2021) was a Swedish jazz drummer and singer. He started his career as a drummer before joining the band Gals and Pals in 1963. Svante represented Sweden in the 1966 Eurovision Song Contest with "Nygammal vals". 

He died on 10 May 2021, at the age of 84.

Spencer Silver

Spencer Ferguson Silver III (February 6, 1941May 8, 2021) was an American chemist and inventor. He co-invented Post-it Notes with Arthur Fry.

Silver died at his home in St. Paul, Minnesota on May 8, 2021, from ventricular tachycardia. He was 80 years old.

Zhang Enhua

Zhang Enhua (; 28 April 1973 – 29 April 2021) was a Chinese professional football player and coach.

As a player, he was a defender from 1994 to 2006. He played for Dalian Wanda FC, Grimsby Town, Tianjin Teda and South China.

Hans van Baalen

Johannes Cornelis "Hans" van Baalen (17 June 1960 – 29 April 2021) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He was a Member of the European Parliament and Leader of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy in the European Parliament from 2009 until 2019. He also was President of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party from 21 November 2015 until his death.

Van Baalen died of cancer on 29 April 2021 at a Rotterdam hospital, aged 60.

Federico Salas

Luis Federico Salas-Guevara Schultz (4 September 1950 – 28 April 2021) was a Peruvian politician. He was the 49th Prime Minister of Peru in 2000, being the final prime minister of President Alberto Fujimori. He was Mayor of Huancavelica, and then Governor of Huancavelica Region from January 1, 2007, until December 31, 2010. Salas died on 28 April 2021 from COVID-19 at age 70.

Federico Salas was born in Lima on September 4, 1950. Son of Federico Salas Guevara Alarco and Edith Schultz Macchiavello.

His childhood was spent in Huancavelica and later he traveled to Lima, doing his primary studies at the Inmaculado Corazón de María de Miraflores School and secondary studies at the Santa María Marianistas School.

He married in the first nuptials with Lyriam Succar, with whom he had 4 children, and in the second nuptials with Rosario Serpa Masías with whom he had a daughter.

After the death of his brother, he assumed the management of his assets until in 1973 his family's lands were exported by the agrarian reform.

He returned to Lima to study administration at the Peruvian Institute of Business Administration (IPAE) and marketing at ESAN.

In 1993 he created the Center for Research, Promotion and Development in support of Huancavelica.

He ran for President of Peru in the 2000 elections under the Avancemos ticket but lost to President Alberto Fujimori. In an effort to reconcile with the opposition, President Alberto Fujimori, appointed Salas as Prime Minister. He served between 28 July to 21 November 2000 when Fujimori was ousted from power.

He was Mayor of Huancavelica, and then Governor of Huancavelica Region from January 1, 2007, until December 31, 2010.

Salas died on 28 April 2021 from COVID-19 at age 70.

Vice President of Venezuela

The Vice President of Venezuela (), officially known as the Executive Vice President of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela (), is the second highest political position in the government of Venezuela. 

Since June 14, 2018, Delcy Rodríguez of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela was Vice President to Nicolás Maduro.

Aristóbulo Istúriz

Aristóbulo Iztúriz Almeida (20 December 1946 – 27 April 2021) was a Venezuelan politician and academic who was Vice President of Venezuela from January 2016 to January 2017.

In 2017 Canada imposed sanctions against him. The sanctions were for behaviors that undermined democracy after 125 people were killed in the 2017 Venezuelan protests.

Iztúriz died on 27 April 2021 from problems caused by heart surgery in Caracas, aged 74.

Delcy Rodríguez

Delcy Eloína Rodríguez Gómez (born 18 May 1969) is a Venezuelan politician. She has been Vice President of Venezuela since 14 June 2018, with her constitutional position under dispute since 2019. She was also Minister of Popular Power for Communication and Information of Venezuela from 2013 to 2014 and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2014 to 2017. 

Nicholas Cheong Jin-suk

Nicholas Cheong Jin-suk (; 7 December 1931 – 27 April 2021) was a South Korean Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Seoul from 1998 until he retired in 2012. He was previously Bishop of Cheongju from 1970 to 1998. He was made a cardinal in 2006.

Tamara Press

Tamara Natanovna Press (10 May 1937 – 26 April 2021) was a Soviet athlete who dominated the shot put and discus throw in the early 1960s. She won three gold medals and one silver medal at the 1960 and 1964 Olympics and three European titles in 1958–1962. 

Shunsuke Kikuchi

Kikuchi died while being treated for pneumonia in a hospital in Tokyo on 24 April 2021. His death was announced four days later.

Milva

Maria Ilva Biolcati, (; 17 July 1939 – 23 April 2021), known as Milva (), was an Italian singer, actress, and television personality. She was also known as "La Rossa" (Italian for "The Redhead").

On 23 April 2021, Milva died at her Milan home.

Marc Ferro

Marc Ferro (24 December 1924 – 21 April 2021) was a French historian.

He was Director of Studies in Social Sciences at the École des hautes études en sciences sociales. He was a co-director of the French review "Annales" and co-editor of the "Journal of Contemporary History."

Ferro died in Saint-Germain-en-Laye in April 2021 at the age of 96.

Håkon Brusveen

Håkon Brusveen (15 July 1927 – 21 April 2021) was a Norwegian cross-country skier. He competed in the individual 15 km and 4 × 10 km relay events at the 1956 and 1960 Olympics and won two medals in 1960: a gold in the 15 km and a silver in the relay; in 1956 he placed fifth and fourth, respectively. 

Willy van der Kuijlen

Wilhelmus Martinus Leonardus Johannes "Willy" van der Kuijlen (; 6 December 1946 – 19 April 2021) was a Dutch football player and a scout for PSV Eindhoven.

Van der Kuijlen was born in Helmond. After his playing career, Van der Kuijlen returned to PSV as assistant manager, first team coach, youth coach and scout. He also briefly served as assistant manager at Roda JC.

Van der Kuijlen played 528 league games and scored 308 times for PSV, both being all-time club records. With 311 career goals in total, Van der Kuijlen also holds the all-time Eredivisie goal record. He won 22 caps and scored seven goals for the Dutch national team in the 1960s and 1970s.

Van der Kuijlen later suffered from Alzheimer's disease. He died on 19 April 2021 at the age of 74.

Sebastian Koto Khoarai

Sebastian Koto Khoarai, O.M.I. (11 September 1929 – 17 April 2021) was a prelate of the Catholic Church who was bishop of Mohale's Hoek, Lesotho from 1977 to 2014. He was made a cardinal in 2016 and was the first and so far the only cardinal from Lesotho.

Charles Geschke

Charles Matthew "Chuck" Geschke (September 11, 1939 – April 16, 2021) was an American businessman and computer scientist. He was best known for founding the graphics and publishing software company Adobe Inc. with John Warnock in 1982, and co-creating the PDF document format.

Conn Findlay

Francis Conn Findlay (April 24, 1930April 8, 2021) was an American Olympic rower and sailor. He won four Olympic medals in those two sports, including two golds in coxed pair.

Julen Madariaga

Julen Kerman Madariaga Agirre (11 October 1932 – 6 April 2021) was a Spanish Basque politician and lawyer who co-founded the Basque armed group ETA in 1959.

In June 2006, he was arrested in France on charges of extorting businessmen into making financial contributions to ETA. However, the charges were dropped and he was released within days.

He died on 6 April 2021 at the age of 88 from a long illness.

Marshall Sahlins

Marshall David Sahlins ( ; December 27, 1930April 5, 2021) was an American cultural anthropologist. He was best known for his ethnographic work in the Pacific and for his contributions to anthropological theory. He was Charles F. Grey Distinguished Service Professor Emeritus of Anthropology and of Social Sciences at the University of Chicago.

Roland Thöni

Roland Thöni (17 January 1951 – 4 April 2021) was an Italian alpine ski racer.

His best year was 1972, which he opened with a bronze medal in the slalom at the Winter Olympics in Sapporo. 

Zygmunt Malanowicz

Zygmunt Malanowicz (4 February 1938 – 4 April 2021) was a Polish actor. He appeared in more than 30 movies from 1962 to 2020.

His best known roles were in "Knife in the Water" (1962), "Naked Among Wolves" (1963), "Barrier" (1966), "Hunting Flies" (1969), "Landscape After the Battle" (1970), "Znaki na drodze" (1970), "Jarosław Dąbrowski" (1976), "Cserepek" (1980), "A Trap" (1997), "All That I Love" (2009), "The Lure" (2015) and "Usta usta" (2020).

Sugako Hashida

In 2020, she received the Order of Culture.

Montferrat, Var

Montferrat is a commune of 1,538 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Cottonport, Louisiana

Cottonport is a town in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Evergreen, Louisiana

Evergreen is a small town in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Fay, Somme

Fay is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Mansura, Louisiana

Mansura is a town in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is a suburb of Marksville.

Estrées-Saint-Denis

Estrées-Saint-Denis is a commune. It is in the Oise department in northern France.

Mesnil-sur-l'Estrée

Mesnil-sur-l'Estrée is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Eure department in north France.

Ponchatoula, Louisiana

Ponchatoula is a city in Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Independence, Louisiana

Independence is a town in Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Cankton, Louisiana

Cankton is a village in St. Landry Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Palmetto, Louisiana

Palmetto is a village in St. Landry Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Clarks, Louisiana

Clarks is a village in Caldwell Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Grayson, Louisiana

Grayson is a village in Caldwell Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Basile, Louisiana

Basile is a town in Acadia and Evangeline parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Duson, Louisiana

Duson is a town in Acadia and Lafayette parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Estherwood, Louisiana

Estherwood is a village in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Walker, Louisiana

Walker is a city in Livingston Parish, Louisiana, United States.

England national under-20 football team

The England national under-20 football team, also known as England Under-20s or England U20(s), are the under-20s of England. It is currently controlled by the FA. The team is coached by Lee Carsley.

Players born between September 2000 and August 2001 are second-year graduates of the English academy system, players born between September 2000 and August 2001 are first-year graduates. Players born after 1 January 2002 remain eligible to play for England under-19s.

The following players were named in the squad for a training camp in November 2020.

"Names in italics denote players who have been capped by England in a higher age group."

The following players have previously been called up to the England under-20 squad in the last 12 months and remain eligible.


Omega-6 fatty acid

Omega-6 fatty acids are a family of polyunsaturated fatty acids.

Some medical research notes that high levels of omega-6 fatty acids from seed oils may increase the chance for a number of diseases. However, having non-rancid nuts, which are high in omega-6, is associated with lower risk for some diseases, including cardiovascular diseases, stroke, heart attacks and certain cancers.

Modern Western diets often have ratios of omega-6 to omega 3 higher than 10. Some are as high as 30. The normal ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 in the Western diet is 15–16.7, mainly from vegetable oils.

Vegetable oils are a major source of omega-6 linoleic acid. Worldwide, more than 100 million metric tons of vegetable oils are extracted annually from palm fruits, soybean seeds, rape seeds, and sunflower seeds, providing more than 32 million metric tons of omega-6 linoleic acid and 4 million metric tons of omega-3 alpha-linolenic acid.

Dietary sources of omega-6 fatty acids include:

Omega-3 fatty acid

Omega-3 fatty acids are polyunsaturated fatty acids. They have a double bond three atoms away from the end methyl group.

The most common sources for plant oils are walnuts, hemp oil and flaxseed oil. Sources of animal omega-3 fats include eggs, squid oils and fish.

Dietary supplementation does not affect the risk of cancer, heart disease or death.

They are not a main treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism and other developmental disabilities. However, omega-3 supplements are often given to children with these conditions.

Italy national under-20 football team

The Italy national under-20 football team are the under-20s of Italy. It is currently controlled by the Italian Football Federation. The team competes for the FIFA U-20 World Cup, which is held every two years.

The following players have been called up for a training camp from 4 to 11 October 2020.


Nokia N900

The Nokia N900 was a phablet developed for the Nokia 'N' series. It was announced on CNET on November 11, 2009. The Nokia N900 was similar to Nokia Communicator, the successor of the Nokia N810. On July 14, 2011, it was discontinued worldwide. The cell phone was used in businesses and homes. As of October 2010, the Nokia N900 discontinued sales in India.

It has a dual SIM card and the storage memory is 512MB. The camera is 504mp. The phone also boasted a keyboard like a tablet. 

On July 14, 2011, Nokia announced the discontinuation of sales worldwide as they were releasing the next version of the phone.

NASCAR Cup Series

The NASCAR Cup Series is the top racing series of the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR). The series began in 1949 as the Strictly Stock Division, and from 1950 to 1970 it was known as the Grand National Division. 

It was known as the NASCAR Winston Cup Series (1971–2003). A deal was made with Nextel in 2003, and it became the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series (2004–2007). Sprint acquired Nextel in 2005, and in 2008 the series was renamed the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series (2008–2016). 

In December 2016, it was announced that Monster Energy would become the new title sponsor. In 2019, NASCAR rejected Monster's offer to extend the current naming rights deal beyond the end of the season. 

The four Premier Partners are Busch Beer, Coca-Cola, GEICO, and Xfinity.

Winners are determined by a points system, with points being awarded by where a racer's finishing place. After the first 26 races, 16 drivers, selected primarily on the basis of wins during the first 26 races, are seeded based on their total number of wins.

Chicken as food

Chicken is the most common type of poultry around the world. It is prepared in a number ways, including boiling, baking, frying and grilling. Prepared chicken became a staple for fast food in the second half of the 20th century. Chicken is often said to be more healthful than red meat. It has less cholesterol and saturated fat.

Chicken as a meat first began in Babylonian carvings from around 600 BC. Chicken was one of the most common meats available during the Middle Ages.

In the United States in the 1800s, chicken was more expensive than other meats. Chicken consumption in the United States increased during World War II due to there not being enough beef and pork. In Europe, chicken was more than that of beef and veal in 1996 because of the consumer awareness of mad cow disease.

Modern varieties of chicken, like the Cornish Cross, are bred specifically for meat production. The most common breeds of chicken consumed in the United States are the White Rock and the Cornish. 

Chickens raised mainly for food are called broilers. In the United States, broilers are usually butchered at a young age.


Chicken meat has two to three times as much polyunsaturated fat as most types of red meat when measured as weight percentage.

Boston Market

The Boston Market, known before 1995 as Boston Chicken, is an American fast casual restaurant. 

Boston Market is headquartered in Golden, Colorado. It is mostly concentrated in the Midwestern and Northeastern United States. But there are also restaurants in California, Texas and Florida.

As of November 2020, there are over 340 company-owned restaurants in 28 states and Puerto Rico, with over 14,000 employees. 

Boston Market was established as Boston Chicken in 1985 in Newton, Massachusetts. The restaurant chain grew rapidly in the early-to-mid 1990s

In 1998 the company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.

McDonald's bought the Boston Market in May 2000. In August 2007, McDonald's sold the Boston Market to Sun Capital Partners.

United States men's national under-20 soccer team

The United States under-20 men's national soccer team are the under-20s of the United States. It is currently controlled by the United States Soccer Federation. The highest level of competition in which the team competes is the FIFA U-20 World Cup, which is held every two years.


† "The tournament was played with a two-group, qualification format from 1998–2007. There was no championship round."


The following are results from the last 12 months, as well as any matches that have been scheduled.

The following 22 players were named to the squad for the matches against Croatia and United Arab Emirates on September 5 and 9, 2019, respectively.

"Caps and goals correct as of May 30, 2019, after the match against Ecuador."

The following players have been called up in the last 12 months.


TCBY

TCBY (The Country's Best Yogurt) is an American chain of frozen yogurt stores. It is one of the largest United States retailers of soft-serve frozen yogurt.

The first TCBY was in Little Rock, Arkansas. In 1982, they began franchising. By 1984, TCBY had over 100 stores.

Before 1984, the original name of the company was "This Can't Be Yogurt". However, a competitor, I Can't Believe it's Yogurt, forced TCBY to change its name from its initials. TCBY picked "The Country's Best Yogurt".

TCBY offers frozen yogurt in a variety of flavors. These flavors include Chocolate, White Chocolate Mousse and Golden Vanilla. TCBY also offers drinks, including smoothes and Frappe Chillers.

List of presidents of the People's Republic of China


The Athletic

The Athletic is a website that reports and offers opinions on sports. It is a subscription based service, and reports on both local and national sporting events. It's coverage includes professional sports leaques such as the NFL and NHL, as well as college sports, mixed martial arts, and NASCAR. The Athletic began by covering sports in Chicago. It was soon able to expand, first to Toronto, and then to Cleveland. In 2019, The Athletic began to cover sports from the United Kingdom.

Hard Rock Cafe

The Hard Rock Cafe is a chain of theme restaurants. It was founded in June 1971. In 1979, the cafe began covering its walls with rock and roll materials. Others in the chain later did the same. In 2007, the Hard Rock Cafe was sold to the Seminole Tribe of Florida. It was headquartered in Orlando, Florida until April 2018.

The first Hard Rock Cafe restaurant opened on 14 June 1971 in London, England. The chain began to expand in 1982 to other locations, like Los Angeles, Toronto, San Francisco, Chicago and Paris. In the United States, there are also Hard Rock Cafe restaurants in Houston, Philadelphia, New York City and Boston.

Hard Rock Cafe has restaurants in over 70 countries.

Golden Corral

The Golden Corral is an American buffet restaurant chain. The company is privately-held. It is based in Raleigh, North Carolina.

The Golden Corral was incorporated on January 3, 1973 in Fayetteville, North Carolina.

Golden Corral later expanded to almost 500 locations in the United States. Most of them are franchised About 100 restaurants are company-owned.

Hooters

Hooters is the registered trademark. Two American restaurant chains use it: Hooters, Inc., based in Clearwater, Florida and Hooters of America, Inc. in Atlanta Georgia.

Waiting staff at the Hooters restaurants are mainly young women. The women are usually called "Hooters Girls". The sex appeal of the women is a mai component for the company's image. Hooters hires men and women as cooks, hosts (at some franchises) and managers.

The menu at Hooters includes steaks, chicken wings, seafood, hamburgers and sandwiches.

Hooters was incorporated in April 1983. They opened their doors in October.

Nesquik

Nesquik (previously called Nestle Quik) is a brand of products made by the Swiss company Nestlé. In 1948 Nestlé launched a drink mix for chocolate-flavored milk. It was called Nestle Quik in the United States. It was released in Europe during the 1950s as Nesquik. 

Beginning in 1999, the brand was called Nesquik all over the world. The Nesquik name appears on powdered mixes for flavored milk, ready-to-drink products, hot chocolate mix and many other products.

Nesquik is available in strawberry and chocolate flavors.

The ingredients of the "classic" chocolate powder are:

Dzmitry Baskau

Dzmitry Baskau (Belarusian: Дзмітрый Юр’евіч Баскаў, Russian: Дмитрий Юрьевич Басков; born on August 25, 1978, in Minsk, Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic) is a Belarusian ice hockey player in the past and a man of business. He is the chief of Belarus Ice Hockey Federation. He is the chief of the ice hockey group of Alexander Lukashenko. He was the chief of Hockey Club Dinamo Minsk from 2018 to 2020.

He got learning on a lawyer in Belarusian State University done in 2002. Then he got learning on an ice hockey coach done in the Institute of Advanced Training and Retraining of Belarusian State University of Physical Culture. He got a diploma from the IPM Business School in 2018. 

He was put in the news for the time of the 2020 Belarusian protests. Mass media wrote that he was going to be a person who beat activist Raman Bandarenka in Minsk. After that, Raman Bandarenka died on November 12, 2020, in the hospital. On November 16, 2020, Latvia made illegal his moves there. Lithuania and Estonia made the same on November 20, 2020. The International Ice Hockey Federation opened a private inquiry (an act of asking for information) on the Raman Bandarenka matter. The International Olympic Committee made illegal taking part in its events for Baskau because of that.

In the spring of 2021, he had assets of at least several million US dollars (parts of companies, real property, vehicles). Part of the assets was listed as his wife's.

On September 8, 2021, the International Ice Hockey Federation made a decision to make him out of hockey for five years. For ten months, the International Ice Hockey Federation looked at his acts. It noted that Baskau used discrimination and threats against sportspersons because of their political views. On September 10, Baskau resigned from the post of chairman of the Belarus Ice Hockey Association.

On September 14, 2021, Alexander Lukashenko appointed Baskau a member of the Council of the Republic of the National Assembly of Belarus. Lukashenko noted that Dmitry Baskau will deal with social issues, as well as sports topics in the upper house of parliament.

On December 2, 2021, Dzmitry Baskau was added to the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List by the United States Department of the Treasury

He got married with Aliaksandra Baskava (Shyshko). She is a daughter of the chief of Brestenergo and the member of the Council of the Republic (Belarus) Uladzimir Shyshko.

Perkele

Perkele () is a swear word in Finnish that means "evil spirit" or a version of "god damn". It is popular, and is most likely the most known Finnish curse word in the world.

The name is Indo-European. Perkwunos is the reconstructed name of the god of thunder. Other gods said to have the same origin include Perkūnas (Lithuania), Pērkons (Latvia), Percunis (Prussia), Piarun (Belarus), Peko or Pekolasõ (Estonia), Parjanya (India), Fairguneis (Gothic), and Perun or Piorun (Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Poland, Russia, Ukraine, Serbia, Slovakia and Slovenia).

Some researchers think "Perkele" is an original name of the thunder god Ukko, the chief god of the Finnish pagan pantheon. There are related words in other Finnic languages. In Estonian, "põrgu" means hell and in Karelian, "perkeleh" means an evil spirit.

It has been used as a curse as a cry for the god for strength. It still is a common curse word in colloquial Finnish. Finnish people use the word to be more serious and powerful than less powerful curses. When the Research Institute for the Languages of Finland held a contest to nominate the "most energizing" word in the Finnish language, one of the suggestions was Perkele because "it is the curse word that gave the most strength for the reconstruction of Finland after the wars."

As Finland was Christianized, the old Finnish deities were said to be demons, so "Devil" was translated to "Perkele" for the Finnish translation of the Bible. Some later translations use "paholainen" (the evil one) instead.


Arkhangai Province

The Arkhangai Province or Arkhangai Aimag () is a province (also called "aimag") of Mongolia. The province is divided into 19 districts (also called "sums")

Duplex (movie)

Duplex (released in the United Kingdom and Ireland as Our House and in Poland as The Old Lady Must Go) is a 2003 American black comedy film directed by Danny DeVito (who also narrated the film) and written by Larry Doyle. The film stars Ben Stiller, Drew Barrymore, Eileen Essell, Harvey Fierstein, Justin Theroux and James Remar.


Sea of Japan naming dispute

There is a body of water between the Japanese islands, Russia, North and South Korea. The countries affected have not been able to agree on a common name for this body of water. So far, most countries called it "Sea of Japan". North and South Korea do not want this name, they suggested to call it "East Sea", or "East Sea of Korea". In 1992, both Koreas raised concerns about the name, at the Sixth United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names. The Japanese government says that only the name "Sea of Japan" (日本海) should be used. South Korea supports the alternative name "East Sea" (Korean: 동해; Hanja: 東海). North Korea supports the name "East Sea of Korea" (Korean: 조선동해; Hanja: 朝鮮東海). Currently, most international maps and documents use either the name Sea of Japan (or a translation) by itself, or include both the name Sea of Japan and East Sea. Very often, the name East Sea is listed in parentheses or otherwise marked as an alternative. The International Hydrographic Organization is responsible for naming bodies of water around the world. In 2012, it decided it was still unable to change the 1953 version of its publication S-23 – Limits of Oceans and Seas, which includes only the single name "Sea of Japan", to include "East Sea" together with "Sea of Japan".

The countries have given different arguments, for their naming proposition, but each name has its problems:


The International Hydrographic organisation made a resolution in 1974. In this resolution, it stated that in the case that the countries cannot agree on a common name for a body of water, all names should be accepted. However, Japan argues that the resolution only applies to the bays and straits which are shared by multiple countries, and in case of high seas such as the Sea of Japan, it is not applicable. Japan also cites the United Nations’ policy for using the Sea of Japan as an official name for their reasoning.

Jennifer Crystal Foley

Jennifer Crystal Foley (born Jennifer Amie Crystal; January 26, 1973) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Christie Parker in "Once and Again" and Rachel Taub on "House".

Foley was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of Janice (née Goldfinger) and actor-comedian Billy Crystal. She has an older sister, producer Lindsay Crystal. In 1994, Foley graduated from Northwestern University.

She married her college boyfriend, Michael Foley, in September 2000. They have two daughters, born in 2003 and 2006.

Benhall

Benhall is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2011, there were 521 people living in Benhall. Benhall is on the A12 road. It has a church called St Mary.


Boulge

Boulge is a village and civil parish in Suffolk Coastal, Suffolk, England. In 2001, there were 26 people living in Boulge. Boulge has a church called St Michael.


Moss Bluff, Louisiana

Moss Bluff is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Hackberry, Louisiana

Hackberry is a census-designated place (CDP) in Cameron Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Mermentau, Louisiana

Mermentau is a village in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States. 516 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Morse, Louisiana

Morse is a village in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States. 599 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Directed graph

In graph theory, a directed graph (or digraph) is a graph which has directed edges. This means one end of the edge is different from the other end. Directed edges can be thought of as arrows, or as edges which can only be travelled in one direction.

For a normal graph, the degree of a vertex formula_1 is the number of edges touching formula_1.

For a digraph, there are two more definitions. The "indegree" of formula_1 is the number of edges going into formula_1, and the "outdegree" of formula_1 is the number of edges going out of formula_1.


Branch, Louisiana

Branch is a census-designated place (CDP) in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Egan, Louisiana

Egan is a census-designated place (CDP) in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Longville, Louisiana

Longville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Beauregard Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Oretta, Louisiana

Oretta is a census-designated place (CDP) in Beauregard Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Woodbury, Tennessee

Woodbury is a town in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Cannon County.

Rutledge, Tennessee

Rutledge is a city in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Grainger County.

Fescamps

Fescamps is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Friville-Escarbotin

Friville-Escarbotin is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fonches-Fonchette

Fonches-Fonchette is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Feuillères

Feuillères is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

2012–13 North American drought

The 2012–13 North American drought was caused by less than normal snowfall the previous winter. Also, La Niña-related heat waves were taking place in the Midwestern and Western United States. This was in association with drought conditions in these areas. The drought was an extension of the 2010-13 Southern United States drought.

The drought was worse than the 1988–89 North American drought. The 2012-13 drought covered more areas in the United States and Canada than the 1988-89 drought. In July 2012, the drought covered more than 81% in area. It was comparable to the droughts of the 1930s and 1950s.

Drought continued in parts of North America through 2013. Beginning in March 2013, rainfall lessened drought in the Midwest, the southern Mississippi Valley and the Great Plains.

Bijan

Bijan (also Bizhan or Bejan; Persian : بیژن‎) is a Persian given name meaning "Hero". This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Feuquières-en-Vimeu

Feuquières-en-Vimeu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fieffes-Montrelet

Fieffes-Montrelet is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fienvillers

Fienvillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Wybren van Haga

Wybren Ridley van Haga (born 31 January 1967 in The Hague) is a Dutch independent politician, formerly a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and Forum for Democracy (FVD).

Van Haga studied engineering at Delft University of Technology and worked at Shell in Gabon, Scotland, and Oman. He was director of a homecare organization called KennemerZorg and exploits real estate.

He was a member of the municipal council of Haarlem from 2010 to 2017. Since 31 October 2017, he has been an MP, until September 2019 for the VVD, until December 2020 as an independent MP, and until May 2021 for the FVD.

Since 13 May 2021, he has been parliamentary group leader of the Group Van Haga, which consists of himself and two other former FVD MPs.

In July 2021, he founded the BVNL (Belang voor Nederland) party.


Aibes

Aibes () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 369 people lived there.


Eth, Nord

Eth is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Bry, Nord

Bry is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Waterford Township, Michigan

Waterford Township, officially the Charter Township of Waterford, is a charter township of Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the township had a population of 70,565.

Bloomfield Township, Oakland County, Michigan

Bloomfield Township, officially the Charter Township of Bloomfield, is a charter township of Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the township had a population of 44,253.

Georgetown Township, Michigan

Georgetown Charter Township is a charter township of Ottawa County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 54,091 people lived in the township.

Lemannville, Louisiana

Lemannville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Ascension and St. James parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Union, Louisiana

Union is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. James Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Fignières

Fignières is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Agde

Agde is a commune of 29,090 people (2018). It is in Occitanie in the Hérault department in south France.

Electronics right to repair

In 2021, many electronic devices are manufactured such a way that they cannot be repaired. A mobile phone might have a battery that cannot be replaced. When the battery has reached the end of its life, the mobile phone is thrown away. Electronics right to repair is an idea to make these devices repairable, so that the need not be thrown away, and the amount of waste is reduced.

Fins, Somme

Fins is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Flaucourt

Flaucourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Grand Point, Louisiana

Grand Point is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. James Parish, Louisiana, United States.

French Settlement, Louisiana

French Settlement is a village in Livingston Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Killian, Louisiana

Killian is a village in Livingston Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Port Vincent, Louisiana

Port Vincent is a village in Livingston Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Springfield, Louisiana

Springfield is a town in Livingston Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Nikkatsu

The Nikkatsu Corporation (日活株式会社, "Nikkatsu Kabushiki-gaisha") is a Japanese entertainment company known for its film and television productions. It is Japan's oldest major movie studio, founded in 1912 during the silent film era. The name Nikkatsu amalgamates the words Nippon Katsudō Shashin, literally "Japan Motion Pictures".

Nikkatsu's history dates back as early as 1912 when 4 companies merged to form Nippon Katsudo Shashin Corporation, the first film conglomerate in the region to produce, distribute and exhibit theatrical films. In 1952 Chofu Studio was built in Tokyo as the largest modern film studio in the Asia Pacific Region at the time; the studio even had a permanent set of Ginza city. It quickly became the cornerstone of the company's Golden Era, together with its string of attractive stars who were then all exclusive to Nikkatsu; the legendary superstar Yujiro Ishihara, handsome young actors under the "Nikkatsu New Face" banner including Akira Kobayashi and Joe Shishido; actresses such as Sayuri Yoshinaga and Ruriko Asaoka; and directors Seijun Suzuki and Shohei Imamura. Nikkatsu was the leading studio in Japan, enjoying box office mega-hits with its action films starring Ishihara ("Crazed Fruit"), teenage love stories starring Yoshinaga ("Cupola, Where the Furnaces Grow"), and "Branded to Kill" starring Joe Shishido, works with a continuing international appeal to this day - the films were so successful that Ishihara and Yoshinaga are still regarded as icons of the Showa period.

When cinema attendance began to drop, Japanese studios slashed their annual film production. Nikkatsu, however, took a unique turn in 1971 when it launched the "Nikkatsu Roman Porn" brand, namely films for the adult audience. As one director recalls, "I had total creative freedom, as long as I kept some nudity in the film", the brand enabled Nikkatsu to be the only major studio in Japan at the time to continue producing films and hire young film makers. Thus, Nikkatsu soon became the hub for upcoming innovative talents, and many of the directors who were given this rare opportunity, later became dominant film makers in Japan; amongst them are Oscar winner Youjiro Takita ("Departure"), multi-time Japanese Academy winners Masayuki Suo ("Shall We Dance?"), Yoshimitsu Morita, Youichi Sai, Shinji Soumai, and many more. The brand continued until 1988.

In 2005, Naoki Sato was appointed President of the company. Originally a producer himself, Nikkatsu's recent array of titles under his leadership includes cutting-edge genre films by Sion Sono and Takashi Miike, and dramatical masterpieces. They have been highly acclaimed, including numerous Japanese Academy winners and nominees such as "Rebirth", "Cold Fish" and "The Devil's Path".
Today, Nikkatsu's business activities include operation of the production studio, overseas film acquisition, distribution, a cable TV channel (Channel NECO) and a Film Course at Josai International University. It is also a member of the Yomiuri-Nippon TV group, the leading media conglomerate in Japan.

In today's fast evolving market, Nikkatsu has a focus on international activities - in 2014, the company established Kantana Japan, a JV with a Thai production group - and seeks to work more closely with partners outside the industry and around the globe.

Adenocarcinoma of the lung

Lung adenocarcinoma is one kind of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).

Technicians tell lung adenocarcinoma from other cancers by looking at cells under a microscope. Lung adenocarcinoma starts in glandular cells, which make for example mucus. Lung adenocarcinoma usually grows in smaller airways, such as alveoli, the pockets at the ends of the lung. Lung adenocarcinoma is usually located more along the outer edges of the lungs. Lung adenocarcinoma tends to grow more slowly than other lung cancers.

Flers, Somme

Flers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Flers-sur-Noye

Flers-sur-Noye is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Flesselles

Flesselles is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

World's Largest Entertainment McDonald's

The World's Largest Entertainment McDonald's, also known as Epic McD, is a McDonald's restaurant that opened in 1976 in Orlando, Florida. It is the biggest McDonald's in the world by square footage because its floor area is . There are much more menus and options there than normal McDonald's restaurants. A McDonald's in Kaohsiung, Taiwan is thought to be taller.

There is the normal McDonald's menu. There are also more than 50 items, including brick oven pizza, Belgian waffles, customized pasta dishes, omelets, other items on the "Gourmet Bistro" menu and other items on an expanded dessert menu, including ice cream.

The World's Largest Entertainment McDonald's, which is very bad, is three stories tall and has a 22-foot-tall PlayPlace, more than 100 arcade games and a waving 30-foot-tall image of Ronald McDonald at the entrance. The restaurant was opened in 1976 and was closed for renovation in 2015 and opened again. It was built again and opened in 2016. The restaurant has a "Create Your Own" menu and never closes.

Planned obsolescence

Planned obsolescence (also called built-in obsolescence or premature obsolescence) is an idea in economics and product design. Planned obsolescence is when someone makes a product so that it will wear out after only a short time. It will either stop working, work much worse than before, or be unfashionable. This way, the person who bought the product must buy a new one sooner than if the old product had lasted a long time. This is often called ""shortening the replacement cycle.""

Planned obsolescence works when company selling the product has few or no other companies making the same product, because the consumer has few choices. Before choosing this strategy, the producer has to make sure that the consumer will likely buy from them again and not from someone else. Usually, there is information asymmetry: the producer knows how long the product was designed to last, and the consumer does not. However, when many companies make the same product, they compete. Then product lifespans often increase. In the 1960s and 1970s, the first Japanese cars were sold in America. Because they had longer lifespans than the American car models, American car manufacturers were forced to build cars that lasted longer.

In 1924, the American market for cars became saturated. That meant that almost everyone who could buy a car had already bought one. In order to still sell about the same number of cars, Alfred P. Sloan Jr. who worked at General Motors suggested that new cars should look different every year. This way, at least some car owners would buy a new car every year. This idea was not new. It had already been tried with bicycles, but people say it was Sloan's idea. Sloan often used the words "dynamic obsolescence", but people who did not like the idea called it "planned obsolescence".

This plan changed many things in the automobile industry, product design field and eventually the whole American economy. Smaller companies could not afford to re-style their car models every year. Henry Ford did not like the idea either. Ford was an engineer, and he liked simplicity, economies of scale, and strong design. In 1931, GM sold more cars than Ford and became the strongest company making cars. Changing the design every year meant GM had to use a body-on-frame structure rather than the lighter unibody design used by most European automakers because unibody is harder to change.

The words "planned obsolescence" were first seen in print in 1932 in Bernard London's pamphlet "Ending the Depression Through Planned Obsolescence". London said the government should tell manufacturers of personal-use items to use planned obsolescence so people would always buy them. However, the phrase became famous in 1954 because of Brooks Stevens, an American industrial designer. Stevens was due to give a talk at an advertising conference in Minneapolis in 1954. Without giving it much thought, he used the term as the title of his talk. From that point on, "planned obsolescence" became Stevens' catchphrase. Stevens said planned obsolescence was "Instilling in the buyer the desire to own something a little newer, a little better, a little sooner than is necessary."

Other people quickly began to use the phrase. By the late 1950s, "planned obsolescence" had become a common term for products designed to break easily or to quickly go out of style. The idea of planned obsolescence was so widely known that, in 1959, Volkswagen made jokes about it in an advertising campaign. Volkswagen tried to make it look as though it did not use planned obsolescence: "We do not believe in planned obsolescence," the ads said. "We don't change a car for the sake of change." In the famous Volkswagen advertising campaign by Doyle Dane Bernbach, one advert showed an almost blank page with the line "No point in showing the 1962 Volkswagen, it still looks the same."

In 1960, cultural critic Vance Packard wrote "The Waste Makers", which was meant to be an exposé of "the systematic attempt of business to make us wasteful, debt-ridden, permanently discontented individuals." Packard divided planned obsolescence into two sub categories: obsolescence of desirability and obsolescence of function.

"Obsolescence of desirability," a.k.a. "psychological obsolescence," referred to marketers' attempts to wear out a product in the owner's mind. Packard quoted industrial designer George Nelson, who wrote:"Design... is an attempt to make a contribution through change. When no contribution is made or can be made, the only process available for giving the illusion of change is 'styling!'"

2015 UEFA European Under-21 Championship

The 2015 UEFA European Under-21 Championship was the 20th edition of the UEFA European Under-21 Championship. The champions were Sweden.

Qualification for the final tournament of the 2015 UEFA European Under-21 Championship consisted of two rounds: a group stage and a play-off round. The group stage draw took place on 31 January 2013 in Nyon, Switzerland, and distributed 52 national teams into ten groups of five or six teams. Each group was contested in a double round-robin system, where teams played each other twice, at home and away. The ten group winners and the four best second-placed teams advanced to the play-off round, where they were paired by draw into seven two-legged ties. The play-off winners joined the Czech Republic in the final tournament.

The following teams qualified for the 2015 UEFA European Under-21 Championship final tournament:

The competition was played at four venues in three host cities: Eden Arena and Generali Arena (in Prague), Andrův stadion (in Olomouc), and Stadion Miroslava Valenty (in Uherské Hradiště).

The match officials of the tournament:

The draw for the final tournament took place at 18:00 CET on 6 November 2014, at the Clarion Congress Hotel in Prague. England, the highest-ranked team according to the competition coefficient rankings, and the host team, Czech Republic, were seeded and automatically assigned to separate groups. The second and third-ranked teams in the coefficient rankings, Italy and Germany, were also seeded and drawn into separate groups, while the four unseeded teams were drawn into the remaining positions of the two groups.

Each national team had to submit a squad of 23 players, three of whom had to be goalkeepers. If a player was injured or ill severely enough to prevent his participation in the tournament before his team's first match, he could be replaced by another player.

The eight finalists were drawn into two groups of four teams. As hosts, Czech Republic were seeded in group A, while England, the best-ranked team in the UEFA coefficient ranking, were seeded in group B. In each group, teams played matches against each other in a round-robin system, and the top two teams advanced to the semi-finals.

The provisional schedule was released by UEFA on 10 November 2014, and confirmed on 2 December 2014. All times are in Central European Summer Time ().

After the conclusion of the group stage, the following four teams from UEFA qualified for the Olympic football tournament.

If two or more teams were equal on points on completion of the group matches, the following tie-breaking criteria were applied:


If, after having applied criteria 1 to 3, teams still had an equal ranking, criteria 1 to 3 were reapplied exclusively to the matches between the teams in question to determine their final rankings. If this procedure did not lead to a decision, criteria 4 to 6 were applied.

If only two teams were tied (according to criteria 1–5) after having met in the last match of the group stage, their ranking would have been determined by a penalty shoot-out.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

In the knockout stage, extra time and penalty shoot-out were used to decide the winner if necessary.






The Golden Boot is given to the player who scored the most goals during the tournament.

After the tournament the U21 EURO Player of the Tournament is selected by the UEFA Technical Observers.

After the tournament the Under-21 Team of the Tournament is selected by the UEFA Technical Observers.

Countries who are not covered by a local broadcaster had the matches broadcast on YouTube.

Former Czech Republic midfielder Pavel Nedvěd was the ambassador for the tournament.


The Truth Is

The Truth Is is the third studio album by English singer and songwriter Alexandra Burke. It was released on 16 March 2018 through Decca Records. Recording for the album started in 2013 and finished in early 2018. The first single from the album, "Shadow", was released on 9 February to BBC Radio 2, and to digital download and streaming on 23 February. The album entered and peaked at number 16 on the UK Albums Chart, spending only one week in the top 100. It is Burke's first album since 2012's "Heartbreak on Hold" and her first album since leaving Syco.

Notes


Heartbreak on Hold

Heartbreak on Hold is the second studio album by British recording artist Alexandra Burke. It was released digitally on 1 June 2012 through Syco and RCA Records, and a physical version was issued three days later. The album marks her final record with both record labels, parting between 2012 and the following year. Burke started working on the album in late 2010, and worked with Cutfather, Erick Morillo, Autumn Rowe, and Ben Adams, as well as other producers and writers. Burke had also worked with RedOne, who previously produced a most of her debut album "Overcome" (2009), but none of their music that they made together were included on the album.

"Heartbreak on Hold" received mixed reviews from music critics.

Notes

2021 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2021 UEFA Champions League Final was the final match of the 2020–21 UEFA Champions League, the 66th season of Europe's premier club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 29th season since it was renamed from the European Cup to the UEFA Champions League. It was played at the Estádio do Dragão in Porto, Portugal on 29 May 2021, between English clubs Manchester City, in their first European Cup final, and 2012 winners Chelsea. This was the third all-English final in the competition, after the 2008 and 2019 finals. 

The final was originally scheduled to be played at the Krestovsky Stadium in Saint Petersburg, Russia. However, due to the postponement and relocation of the 2020 final to Lisbon as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe, the final hosts were moved back a year, with the Atatürk Olympic Stadium in Istanbul, Turkey instead planning to host the 2021 final. Two weeks before the final, UEFA announced that it would be relocated to Porto to allow a limited number of fans to attend the match. A capacity limit of 33% was agreed for the 50,000-seater Estádio do Dragão, resulting in an attendance of 14,110.

Chelsea won the final 1–0 for their second UEFA Champions League title, with Kai Havertz scoring the only goal of the game late in the first half. As winners, they earned the right to play against the winners of the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League, Villarreal, in the 2021 UEFA Super Cup, and also qualified for the 2021 FIFA Club World Cup, both of which they won.

"In the following table, finals until 1992 were in the European Cup era, since 1993 were in the UEFA Champions League era."

The match was the fourth European Cup/Champions League final to take place in Portugal, and the first to take place outside Lisbon, which previously hosted finals in 1967 at the Estádio Nacional and in 2014 and 2020 at the Estádio da Luz. This was the first time the European Cup/Champions League final took place in the same country in successive seasons. The Estádio do Dragão previously hosted matches at UEFA Euro 2004 and the 2019 UEFA Nations League Finals. Additionally, this final was the first since 2004 to be held in a stadium with capacity lower than 60,000.

An open bidding process was launched on 22 September 2017 by UEFA to select the venues of the finals of the UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League, and UEFA Women's Champions League in 2020. Associations had until 31 October 2017 to express interest, and bid information must be submitted by 1 March 2018. Associations hosting matches at UEFA Euro 2020 were not allowed to bid for the 2020 UEFA Champions League final.

UEFA announced on 3 November 2017 that two associations had expressed interest in hosting the 2020 UEFA Champions League final.

The Atatürk Olympic Stadium was selected by the UEFA Executive Committee during their meeting in Kyiv on 24 May 2018.

On 17 June 2020, the UEFA Executive Committee announced that due to the postponement and relocation of the 2020 final to the Estádio da Luz, Istanbul would instead host the 2021 final.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Turkey, Premier League side Aston Villa offered to have Villa Park in Birmingham as the venue for the Champions League Final instead of Istanbul to hold 8,000 English fans, which could be affected by travel limitations. Villa Park has previously hosted the 1999 Cup Winners' Cup Final, the last final of that UEFA competition. It also hosted the 2012 FA Community Shield, also contested between Manchester City and Chelsea, due to Wembley Stadium – England's national stadium – hosting the Olympic football tournament finals in the previous days, being picked in part because of its equal distances between Manchester and London. On 7 May 2021, Secretary of State for Transport Grant Shapps advised against any fans traveling to Turkey for the game.

In negotiations with the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, UEFA would only consider Wembley as a potential venue within the United Kingdom, and required guarantees that their officials, sponsors and journalists would be exempt from the UK COVID-19 travel restrictions. The British Government was unable to agree to this, and on 13 May 2021, UEFA announced the final was relocated to the Estádio do Dragão in Porto, Portugal, a country that was on the British "green list" for unrestricted travel during the pandemic.

Manchester City were playing in their first European Cup/UEFA Champions League final. They had previously played in one European final, the 1970 European Cup Winners' Cup Final, and won. They became the ninth English side to play in a European Cup/UEFA Champions League final. This was the third UEFA Champions League final for manager Pep Guardiola, and his first since the two wins with Barcelona in 2009 and 2011, both against Manchester United. City were seeking to become the first club to win its first European Cup/UEFA Champions League final since Borussia Dortmund in 1997, which seven clubs had failed to do in between.

Chelsea were playing in their third European Cup/UEFA Champions League final, and the first since their win in 2012 away against Bayern Munich. In addition, they had previously played in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and UEFA Europa League finals twice each – winning all. In addition, Chelsea became the first club ever to see its men's and women's teams reach the Champions League final in the same season, having qualified for the 2021 UEFA Women's Champions League Final as well. Head coach Thomas Tuchel became the first manager to reach the European Cup/UEFA Champions League final in successive seasons with different clubs, having lost the 2020 final to Bayern Munich while coaching Paris Saint-Germain.

This was the third all-English final in the history of the competition, after 2008 in Moscow between Chelsea and Manchester United and 2019 in Madrid between Liverpool and Tottenham Hotspur. This was also the third consecutive Champions League final to feature a first-time finalist, after Tottenham in 2019 and Paris Saint-Germain in 2020.

This was the third meeting between the teams in Europe, having previously met in the semi-finals of the 1970–71 European Cup Winners' Cup, where Chelsea won both legs 1–0 en route to their first European trophy. It was also the second major cup final between them, after the 2019 EFL Cup Final, which City won on penalties following a goalless draw after extra time. The teams met twice during the season's Premier League, with each side winning away: City won the first match 3–1 at Stamford Bridge, while Chelsea won the second 2–1 at Etihad Stadium three weeks before the final. Three weeks before the second league encounter, Chelsea also beat City 1–0 in the FA Cup semi-finals, denying City the chance of winning an unrivaled quadruple.

"Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away)."

Notes

On 12 May 2021, UEFA named Spaniard Antonio Mateu Lahoz as the referee for the final. He was joined by six of his fellow countrymen, including assistant referees Pau Cebrián Devís and Roberto Díaz Pérez del Palomar. Carlos del Cerro Grande served as the fourth official, while Alejandro Hernández Hernández acted as the video assistant referee. Juan Martínez Munuera and Íñigo Prieto López de Cerain were appointed as assistant VAR officials, along with Polish referee Paweł Gil.

American DJ and electronic music producer Marshmello performed a virtual show for the opening ceremony before the match, along with Selena Gomez and Khalid.

A "home" team was determined, for "administrative purposes," through a special draw held on 19 March 2021, after the quarter-final and semi-final draws. 

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Omiécourt

Omiécourt is a former commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Hypercourt.

Fleury, Somme

Fleury is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Flixecourt

Flixecourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fluy

Fluy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Heucourt-Croquoison

Heucourt-Croquoison is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Guyencourt-Saulcourt

Guyencourt-Saulcourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Folies

Folies is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Freilassing

Freilassing (), until 1923 Salzburghofen, is a town in Berchtesgadener Land, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria. Freilassing can be seen as the biggest suburb of Salzburg.


Laufen, Germany

Laufen or Laufen an der Salzach (Bavarian: "Laffa an da Soizach") is a town in Berchtesgadener Land, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Laufen, Germany is twinned with:


Bayerisch Gmain

Bayerisch Gmain (Bavarian: "Boarisch Gmoa") is a municipality in Berchtesgadener Land, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Megadrought

A megadrought is an extended drought. It lasts two decades or more. Megadroughts in the past were linked with La Niña conditions lasting for many years.

The term "megadrought" generally refers to the length of a drought, not its intensity. Multiyear droughts lasting one decade or less, like the Dust Bowl drought of the 1930s, are not a megadrought though they lasted a long time.

Megadroughts have caused people to move away from the drought-affected areas. One example is Ancestral Puebloans in the Southwestern United States.

Marktschellenberg

Marktschellenberg (Bavarian: "Marktschellnberg", "Marktschejnberg" and "Schejnbeag") is a municipality in Berchtesgadener Land, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Schönau am Königssee

Schönau am Königssee (Bavarian: "Scheenau am Kenigssää") is a municipality in Berchtesgadener Land, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria. It is located at the northern end of the Königssee lake.

Bodman-Ludwigshafen

Bodman-Ludwigshafen is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Schneizlreuth

Schneizlreuth (Bavarian and Western variant: "Schneizlreith") is a municipality in Berchtesgadener Land, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Bischofswiesen

Bischofswiesen (West Central Bavarian: "Bischofswiesn") is a municipality in Berchtesgadener Land, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Dendropsophus reichlei

Dendropsophus reichlei is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru and Brazil.

The adult male frog is 17.7–19.0 mm long from nose to rear end and one adult female was 21.5 mm long. This frog has smooth skin on its back with only a few small bumps. Its skin is light brown to red-brown to purple-brown in color. It has many small spots and marks. The area around its ear is dark in color. There are one or two small white spots under the eye. The skin where the back legs meet the body can be yellow or orange. The throat and belly are yellow. This frog has some webbed skin on its front feet and more on its back feet.

This frog lives in trees. It lives high in the branches in swamps, flooded places, or forests that do not flood. Many leafy plants, ferns, and palms grow where this frog likes to live.

Saaldorf-Surheim

Saaldorf-Surheim (Bavarian: "Soidorf-Surhoam") is a municipality in Berchtesgadener Land, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Ramsau bei Berchtesgaden

Ramsau (Bavarian: "Ramsau bei Berchtesgoan") is a municipality in the Bavarian Alps. It is located on the Königssee in Berchtesgadener Land, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria. It is close to the border with Austria, south of Salzburg and south-east of Munich. It is situated north of the Berchtesgaden National Park.

Sopron District

The Sopron District (; ) is a district in the western part of Győr-Moson-Sopron County. "Sopron" is also the name of the district seat in the Sopron District. The Sopron District is located in Western Transdanubia.

The district has 1 urban county, 2 towns, 1 large village and 35 villages. (ordered by population, as of 1 January 2012)

The bolded municipalities are cities, "italics" municipality is large village.



Bethany Hall-Long

Bethany Hall-Long (born November 12, 1963) is an American politician. Since 2017, she has been the 26th lieutenant governor of Delaware under Governor John Carney. Hall-Long also served in the Delaware Senate from 2008 to 2016 and the Delaware House of Representatives from 2002 to 2008. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

In September 2023, Hall-Long announced her candidacy for Governor of Delaware for the 2024 election.

Hall-Long was born on November 12, 1963, in Sussex County. She was raised on a farm with her two older brothers. Hall earned a BSN from Thomas Jefferson University, an MSN from the Medical University of South Carolina, and a PhD in health policy and nursing administration from George Mason University.

Hall-Long began a teaching career at George Mason University before moving to the University of Delaware, where she is a professor of nursing.

Districts of Hungary

The Districts of Hungary (Hungarian: "járások") are the second-level divisions of Hungary after counties. In total, there are 174 districts in Hungary and in the 19 counties, and there are 23 districts in Budapest.



Tét District

The Tét District () is a district in the southern part of Győr-Moson-Sopron County. "Tét" is also the name of the district seat in the Tét District. The Tét District is located in Western Transdanubia.

The district has 1 town and 13 villages.

The bolded municipality is the city.



Győr District

The Győr District () is a district in the eastern part of Győr-Moson-Sopron County. "Győr" is also the name of the district seat in the Győr District. The Győr District is located in Western Transdanubia.

The district has 1 urban county and 34 villages. (ordered by population, as of 1 January 2012)

The bolded municipality is the city.



Marquinhos Trad

Marcos Marcello Trad (born August 28, 1964), is a Brazilian lawyer and politician, Currently a candidate for the government of Mato Grosso do Sul in the state elections in 2022 in Brazil, he was mayor of Campo Grande from 2017 to 2022.

He is the son of ex-congressman Nelson Trad and Therezinha Mandetta, brother of ex-mayor of Campo Grande, Nelson Trad Filho, and ex-congressman Fábio Trad; graduated in Law from the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ).

As a lawyer, he joined the section in Mato Grosso do Sul of the Brazilian Bar Association as a counselor, then chaired the Ethics and Discipline Commission. Member and presided over the State Sports Court (TJD-MS).

Avneet Kaur

Avneet Kaur (born 13 October 2001) is an Indian actress, dancer and model. She is known for portraying Princess Yasmine in "Aladdin – Naam Toh Suna Hoga" and Charumati in "Chandra Nandini".

Little Britain: The Video Game

Little Britain: The Video Game is a 2007 collection of mini games by British studios Gamerholix and Gamesauce and published by Mastertronic Group under their Blast! Entertainment label. It is shown like an episode from the TV series, which is a sketch show. There are 7 mini games, which are played as Lou and Andy, Vicky Pollard, Emily and Florence, Marjorie Dawes, Daffyd Thomas, Judy & Maggie or Letty. The game is won by completing the goals for each sketch, then the credits roll. The game is hated very much, and many lists say it is one of the worst video games ever.

"Little Britain: The Video Game" is available for PC, PS2 and PSP. The PC version is called "Little Britain: The Computer Game". Only the PSP version can stream demos of the game to other users and has wireless multiplayer (it uses WLAN), a bonus mini game played as Anne & a different game played as Emily.

The game is hated by many people. It has a 1.6/10 on GameSpot UK from 7 reviews. It has a 16%, the 2nd lowest rating on GameRankings, where only "" has a lower rating.

Griselda Blanco

Griselda Blanco Restrepo (February 15, 1943 – September 3, 2012), better known as the "Cocaine Godmother", "Black Widow" and "La Madrina", was a Colombian drug lord of the Medellín Cartel. She was also involved in the Miami-based cocaine trafficking and organized crime between the 1980s and 2000s. It has been said that Blanco was responsible for almost 2,000 murders as she was transporting cocaine from Colombia to New York City, Southern California and Miami. On September 3, 2012, she was shot dead at age of sixty-nine.

Blanco was the first-ever billionaire female criminal. She was in charge of her multi-billion dollar drug trafficking business.

Blanco first started the drug trade business in the mid-1970s. She was indicted in April 1975 on federal drug conspiracy charges. She left the United States and went to Colombia before she could be arrested. However, in the late 1970s, she came back to the United States. This time, Blanco settled in Miami.

On February 18, 1985, Blanco was arrested by cops. In 2004, after Blanco was released from prison, she was deported to Columbia.

Blanco reportedly retired from a life of crime. On September 3, 2012, a gunman in a motorcycle shot her to death as she left a butcher shop in Medellín. She was 69 years old.

Drug lord

A drug lord, also called a drug kingpin is a criminal boss who controls a sizable network of the people involved in the illegal drug trade. Such people are often hard to bring to justice, for they are not usually in possession of something illegal.

Examples of drug lords are Pablo Escobar, Griselda Blanco, Frank Lucas, Joaquín Guzmán and Manuel Noriega.

Drug lords have started breaking the larger drug cartels into much smaller groups. With newer technology, drug lords are able to manage their business better from behind the scenes. They usually keep themselves off the FBI and DEA lists. The smaller drug cartels are proving to be safer and make more money for those involved.

Black (2006 video game)

Black is a first-person shooter video game for PlayStation 2 and Xbox in 2006, then two years later ported into Xbox 360 in 2008. Developed by Criterion Games, and published by EA Games. Black: Remastered is the latest ported exclusively for Xbox One.


Stockach

Stockach is a town in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Allensbach

Allensbach is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Hot Shots Golf 3

Hot Shots Golf 3, also known in Japan as , is a sport video game exclusive for PlayStation 2. This is the first "Hot Shots Golf" series was not released in Europe and Australia.

A bonus golfer in North American version was John Daly will be unlocked, after beating the game.

Eigeltingen

Eigeltingen is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Gaienhofen

Gaienhofen is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

Gaienhofen has two museums: the Hermann-Hesse-Höri-Museum and Otto-Dix-Haus.

The municipality has four villages: Gaienhofen, Gundholzen, Hemmenhofen and Horn.

Gaienhofen is twinned with:


Gailingen am Hochrhein

Gailingen am Hochrhein is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Hilzingen

Hilzingen is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Hohenfels, Konstanz

Hohenfels is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Moos, Baden-Württemberg

Moos is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Öhningen

Öhningen is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Mühlhausen-Ehingen

Mühlhausen-Ehingen is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Mühlingen

Mühlingen is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Tengen, Germany

Tengen is a town in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Rielasingen-Worblingen

Rielasingen-Worblingen is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It is on the border with Switzerland.


Kingston, Norfolk Island

Kingston (Norfuk: "Daun a'Taun") is the administrative centre of Norfolk Island, an external territory of Australia. It is the second-oldest settlement in Australia. It was founded a little over a month after Sydney.

Burnt Pine

Burnt Pine (Norfuk: "Ban Pain") is the largest town on Norfolk Island, an external territory of Australia. As of 2007, the town had a population of 180.

Intifada

Intifada (Arabic: انتفاضة) is an Arabic word. In Arabic, intifada means "shaking off". An intifada can be seen as a way for people to "shake off" a power that is oppressing them, a so called "uprising" against that power. The term Intifada is most famous for the two Palestinian uprisings in the 1980s and 2000s. These two intifadas are considered part of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. There were also other intifadas outside of Palestine, the protests in Bahrain against British presence from 1965 until 1972 are called the 'March Intifada'. 
The First Intifada took place from 1987 to 1993, when Palestinians rebelled against the Israeli power.

The Second Intifada began in 2000 and lasted until 2005. This Intifada is sometimes called the Al-Aqsa Intifada and was also where Palestinians rebelled against the Israeli power.

The March Intifada in Bahrain broke out in March 1965 and protests were renewed every year until 1972. This Intifada was about people from Bahrain against the British power.

The period of the first Intifada started on 9 December 1987 and ended with the in 1993. This Intifada lasted a total of six years.

The Palestinian unrest which led to the outbreak of the first intifada started with the Israeli settlements on Palestinian territory, forcing Palestinians to leave their land. Other reasons for the Palestinian rebellion were the worsening economy and the limited access to jobs.

The first protests against Israel's occupation erupted in Gaza. A car belonging to the Israeli army drove into a Palestinian car, killing all four occupants on 8 December 1987. That night, protests broke out in a Palestinian refugee camp during the funeral of the victims. It became a Palestinian mass uprising against the occupation, Palestinians came into active resistance.

A party (Unified National Leadership of the Uprising: ) was established which brought together all important Palestinian organizations and parties that already opposed Israel before the Intifada.

The first Intifada is often known for its nonviolent nature. The nonviolent resistance from Palestinians existed of the boycott of Israeli products, strikes and the refusal to pay taxes or other obligated payments to Israel. However, the idea that the intifada was nonviolent is not correct. The more violence Palestinians used the more violent the Israeli responses became.

In 1989 the Israeli security forces switched to extreme violent tactics in this period. The Israeli tactics from this period led to a peak in Palestinian violence as well.

An estimated number of 1282 Palestinians died and more than 130.472 became injured during the six year period of the Intifada. For every three Palestinians that died, less than one Israeli was killed.

The Intifada officially ended on the 13th of September 1993, when the was signed by the PLO and Israeli government. This declaration was also the start of the Oslo accords, in which Palestine and Israel would start to discuss the many issues on autonomy, borders, refugees and Jerusalem.

The period of the Second Intifada is marked from September 2000 until February 2005, even though opinions may differ about when it ended. The Second Intifada was more violent than the first.

After the First Intifada ended in 1993, there was still a lot of discontent among the Palestinians. They didn't agree with how the Oslo accords were followed by Israel. When the Israeli premier Ariel Sharon visited the Temple Mount in a provocative way, it was the last straw for the Palestinians. This is why some people also call this uprising the 'Al-Aqsa Intifada'.

The Second Intifada began with Palestinian demonstrations. These started in Jerusalem, but quickly spread to the West Bank. In the beginning the Palestinians mostly threw rocks and were not obedient towards the Israelis, the Israelis were heavily armed.

Later on, the Palestinians used other, more deadly tactics. Some of them were suicide bombings, snipers and rocket attacks.

In 2002, during the Second Intifada, the Israeli government decided to build a barrier between Israel and the West Bank.

Another important event during the Second Intifada was the Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip. This happened after things escalated between Hamas and the Israeli occupiers, which resulted in many deaths on both sides.

In 2005, after more than 5 years, the Second Intifada came to an end. In 2004 the intensity of the uprising was already fading. This was because of the Palestinians becoming weary, struggling against the strong lasting Israeli defense.

The Second Intifada was more violent than the first one, causing over 3000 Palestinian and nearly 1000 Israeli deaths.

In March 1965 an Intifada broke out in Bahrain. The goal of the uprising was to stop the British presence in Bahrain. This Intifada was mostly led by groups with leftists ideas. Multiple people died, because of the violence the police used several times during the demonstrations. The protests started when a huge amount of workers from the Bahrain Petroleum company resigned. It changed fast into a general strike against the British.

The protests continued to happen annually until 1972. In 1972 the government agreed to talk with the opposition and they allowed three members from the workers union to join the government. The Bahrain Intifada took officially from 1965 to 1975.

Sơn Tùng M-TP

Nguyễn Thanh Tùng (born July 5, 1994), known professionally as Sơn Tùng M-TP, is a Vietnamese singer-songwriter and actor. His self-written 2012 and 2013 singles, "Cơn mưa ngang qua" and "Em của ngày hôm qua" launched his career. These were followed by successful singles such as "Chắc ai đó sẽ về", "Lạc trôi" and "Nơi này có anh". In 2017, Tùng released the compilation album "m-tp M-TP" and published his autobiography, "Chạm tới giấc mơ". His record label, M-TP Entertainment, was founded in lately 2016. His other works include the M-TP Ambition - Chuyến bay đầu tiên concert tour (2015–2016), a starring role in the 2014 film "Dandelion" (which earned him a Golden Kite Prize for Young Prominent Actor) and an appearance as a contestant on the television series "The Remix". Called a "Prince of V-pop" for his popularity, Tùng has received many accolades which include a MTV Europe Music Award, a Dedication Music Award, a Mnet Asian Music Award, seven "Green Wave" Awards and an inclusion on "Forbes Vietnam"'s 2018 30 Under 30 list.

In April 2017, Tùng released the compilation album "m-tp M-TP". In June 2017, Tùng performed at the Viral Fest Asia in Bangkok, Thailand, and conducted a second M-TP & Friends concert in Hanoi in the following month. He starred in "Âm bản" (2017), and took part on "Gia đình tôi chọn" in that August. The singer's autobiography, "Chạm tới giấc mơ", was published in September.

In May 2018, his single "Run Now" was released with a music video featuring Thai actress Davika Hoorne. Later in July, the singer played a fictionalized version of himself in "Chuyến đi của thanh xuân". Tùng's collaboration with rapper Snoop Dogg, "Give It to Me", was released in July 2019. The accompanied video features an appearance by singer Madison Beer and set a 24-hour record for Vietnamese music videos with 25.8 million YouTube views on the first day. This record was previously held by "Chạy ngay đi" (17.6 million views).

The singer embarked on his second nationwide concert tour, Sky Tour, from July to August 2019. The tour was chronicled in the documentary film, "Sơn Tùng M-TP: Sky Tour Movie", which debuted in June 2020. Dubbed as Vietnam’s first musical documentary, it grossed ₫5.5 billion (US$238.700) after the first three days of release even with mixed reviews. Netflix went on to distribute the film globally.

Later that year, Tùng released "Có chắc yêu là đây" and the lead single from his forthcoming extended play "Chúng ta", "Chúng ta của hiện tại". The former became the 4th-most streamed music video premiere on YouTube at the time with 901.000 concurrent viewers. Tùng also became the first Vietnamese musician to enter the "Billboard" Social 50 chart that July at number 28.

In January 2021, Tùng collaborated with online multiplayer battle royale game Garena Free Fire, as part of the collaboration character named "Skyler" based on Tùng was added to game, the same month official theme song for the character was dropped by Tùng on YouTube.





Stephen Gately

Stephen Patrick David Gately (17 March 1976 – 10 October 2009) was an Irish pop singer-songwriter, actor and dancer. He was the co-lead singer of the pop group Boyzone with Ronan Keating. With Boyzone, Gately had a record-breaking sixteen singles in a row enter the top five of the UK Singles Chart. He also wrote the children's book "The Tree of Seasons". It was released in May 2010, seven months after his death.

Gately was born in Sherriff Street, Dublin. He was openly gay.

On 10 October 2009, Gately died at his home in Andratx, Mallorca, in the Spanish Balearic Islands. He was 33. He died due to a pulmonary oedema caused by a heart condition that was not diagnosed.


Attack Force Z

Attack Force Z is a 1982 Taiwanese Australian World War II drama movie directed by Tim Burstall and starring Mel Gibson, Sam Neill, John Phillip Law, Chris Haywood, John Waters, Sylvia Chang.

Bardock

Bardock is a Dragon Ball character. He is a Saiyan mercenary and the father of Goku and Raditz. He was given the ability to see the future. He tries to protect his planet.

Bardock starts off as a Saiyan mercenary who destroys planets with his wife and teammates. He is the father of Goku. He is a skilled martial artist. He first appeared in the movie, "Bardock son of goku", where he is warned by the Kusannas leader's Power, who he gave Bardock to see his terrible actions. He sees the future and tries to warn everybody about Frieza, but no one believes him.

After Kakarot was sent to Earth and Raditz on a mission, Bardock and Gine prepare for their planter's destruction. Bardock survived and lands on planet plant where he becomes a hero and the first super Saiyan and kills Frieza's ancestor chill.

Bardock appears in most of the dragon Ball video games and merchandise.

Volkertshausen

Volkertshausen is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Reichenau, Baden-Württemberg

Reichenau is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

The Reichenau Island is on the Untersee, the western part of Lake Constance.


Orsingen-Nenzingen

Orsingen-Nenzingen is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

It is made up of two villages: Nenzingen and Orsingen.


Darter

The darters, anhingas, or snakebirds is a family of aquatic birds which resemble pelicans. They mainly occur in the tropics. 

There are four living species. Three of the species are common, the fourth is rarer, and listed as near-threatened by the IUCN. 

The term "snakebird" is used for any of these species: They have a long thin neck. When they swim, only the head and neck are visible. This looks like a snake. "Darter" is a term that refers to they way these birds catch fish: They impale the fish with their beak. The American darter is sometimes called "anhinga". Sometimes it is called water turkey, even though it is unrelated to the turkey.

Godzilla, King of the Monsters!

 

Wikipedia App

The Wikipedia App is the official app of the Wikipedia online encyclopedia for mobile internet devices developed by the Wikimedia Foundation. As of 2015, it works under operating systems: Android (distributed via Google Play), BlackBerry (via ), IOS (via ), Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 (via Microsoft Store). As of 2021, also works with Windows 10 and Windows 11 via Microsoft Store. The Wikimedia Foundation also released the official Wikimedia Commons application for uploading graphic images to Wikimedia Commons. At the same time, in addition to official applications, independent developers have released a large number of unofficial applications for Wikipedia reading, some of them download data directly from the Wikipedia site, other applications use the MediaWiki API.

Folleville, Somme

Folleville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fontaine-le-Sec

Fontaine-le-Sec is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Economies of scale

In economics, economies of scale means that when more units of a product are made at the same time, the cost it takes to produce a single unit will go down. When making a product, there is a maximum capacity that can be made, at a given time. This capacity depends on the ways in which the product is made. If it is made by machines, these machines have a maximum number they can produce. Wanting to produce more than this number means new machines (or a new way to make these products) are needed. Adam Smith first had this idea of economy of scale, which he obtained through division of labour. 

The opposite of economies of scale are diseconomies of scale. 

Yaaa Ayyuhal Lazeena Aamanu

Yaaa Ayyuhal Lazeena Aamanu (; literally meaning o you who believe), is a Quranic expression that reminds the Muslim believers in some of their daily life matters. It is a characteristic of the Medinan surah.

This Quranic expression was first revealed after the migration of the prophet Muhammad to Medina in circa 623. That time, it was revealed as an important advice to the Medinan who have believed (Allah).

There are various meanings of the Quranic expression. It literally means o you who believe, o ye who believe, o ye of faith, o you who have believed. But, this expressions is also divided to different terms but same meaning, such as o believers, o people of faith. The term o people of faith is derived from Persian ای اهل ایمان.

2:104, 2:153, 2:172, 2:178, 2:183, 2:208, 2:254, 2:264, 2:267, 2:278, 2:82, 3:100, 3:102, 3:118, 3:130, 3:149, 3:156, 3:200, 4:19, 4:29, 4:43, 4:59, 4:71, 4:94, 4:135, 4:136, 4:144, 5:1, 5:2, 5:6, 5:8, 5:11, 5:35, 5:51, 5:54, 5:57, 5:87, 5:90, 5:94, 5:95, 5:101, 5:105, 5:106, 8:15, 8:20, 8:24, 8:27, 8:29, 8:45, 9:23, 9:28, 9:34, 9:38, 9:119, 9:123, 22:77, 24:21, 24:27, 24:58, 33:9, 33:41, 33:49, 33:53, 33:56, 33:69, 33:70, 47:7, 47:33, 49:1, 49:2, 49:6, 49:11, 49:12, 57:28, 58:9, 58:11, 58:12, 59:18, 60:1, 60:10, 60:13, 61:2, 61:10, 61:14, 62:9, 63:9, 64:14, 66:6, 66:8

Chemung, New York

Chemung is a town in Chemung County, New York, United States. 2,358 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Acral necrosis

Acral necrosis is a common symptom of the Black Death that causes skin to discolour black and can cause the area nearby to bleed. This is most common at the end of limbs (fingers, toes, ears etc.).


Care Not Killing

Care not Killing is a group of organisations in the United Kingdom which are opposed to euthanasia and assisted suicide. 

Bruno Covas

Bruno Covas Lopes (7 April 1980 – 16 May 2021) was a Brazilian lawyer, economist and politician. He was a member of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party (PSDB). He served as mayor of São Paulo from 2018 until his death in 2021. 

Covas was born in Santos, São Paulo. His grandfather was Mário Covas, governor of the state of São Paulo.

On 16 May 2021, Covas died of gastrointestinal cancer at Hospital Sírio-Libanês in São Paulo. He was 41. He was the first mayor of São Paulo to die in office.

Steißlingen

Steißlingen is a municipality in the district of Konstanz in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Prakash Karat

Prakash Karat (born 7 February 1948) is an Indian communist politician. He was the General Secretary of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) from 2005 to 2015.

Karat was born in Letpandan, Kachin, Burma, to a Malayali family. He is married to fellow communist politician Brinda Karat.

Reducing (movie)

Reducing is a 1931 American comedy movie directed by Charles Reisner and starring Marie Dressler, Polly Moran, Anita Page, Lucien Littlefield, William Collier, Jr., Sally Eilers. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Jaz Sinclair

Jasmine Sinclair Sabino (born July 22, 1994) is an American actress. She starred as Rosalind Walker in the Netflix series "Chilling Adventures of Sabrina" (2018–2020). She has appeared in movies such as "Paper Towns" (2015), "When the Bough Breaks" (2016) and "Slender Man" (2018). She was born in Dallas, Texas.

Real Girl

Real Girl is the debut studio album by English singer and songwriter Mutya Buena. It was released on 4 June 2007 via Universal Records, following her departure from UK girl group the Sugababes in December 2005. The album features guest appearances from fellow soul singers George Michael and Amy Winehouse as well as from dance group Groove Armada. The music on the album was described as "danceable R&B".

"Real Girl" received mixed reviews from music critics.

The Spiders: Go Forward!

The Spiders: Go Forward! (ザ・スパイダースの大進撃, "Za supaidāsu no daishingeki"), also known as Spiders a Go-Go, is a 1968 Japanese musical comedy film directed by Kō Nakahira and produced by Nikkatsu. It also starring The Spiders.

These Japanese Group Sounds band, the Spiders star in this rare, "Help! inspired" rock n roll spy movie! If you like screams, shouts, whoops, and hollers in your 1960s jangle rock n roll, this movie is for you. The story development is similar. The Spiders starred in a popular band rather than the general public in the previous film. It was made into a direct video in the 1980s, but it was made into a DVD in 2005, the screen was remastered, and a trailer was added to the privilege. The rental ban was lifted at TUTAYA in 2014.

Seven members of The Spiders have returned to Japan after their tour in Britain. Massaki was proudly holding a tambourine with a jewelry in his hand, but a man with dark glasses and Miyoko were watching them. In addition, neither the band nor their manager Ogata and his daughter Yuriko noticed that the attache case was mistaken switched due to the crowded fans at the airport.

The first incident was when the tambourine was stolen in the dressing room, but no one noticed it. However, other incidents occurred one after another. When Akitomo was attacked by a thug and his companion's room was devastated, the Spiders knew for the first time that they were being targeted by someone. The seven members recognized Miyoko at every performance venue, but only thought she was a fan. On the other hand, the police, who was contacted and set out to investigate, was at a loss because they could not get any clues or evidence. Feeling dangerous, the band moved to the hotel and eventually left for Kagoshima in the midst of this turmoil.

Yuriko comforted the band who tend to sink, but again, they were also targeted by thieves in Kagoshima learned that the enemy's aim was a tambourine containing a diamond inside. Also, since a secret document appeared from the case that should contain the score, they knew that this was also the cause of the target. Then, a masked man threatened Yuriko with a silenced pistol and tried to find out where the case was killed by someone, and it was found that there were two pairs of enemies. After consulting with Ogata, the Spiders returned to Tokyo and planned to lure two sets of villains with the help of detectives. A man with dark glasses and Miyoko who took the invitation, and the Minegishi's Crew trying to recover important secret documents were surrounded by police officers who rushed into the scene. Miyoko tried to escape by car but crashed into a concrete wall. He was trying to smuggle a real diamond into a tambourine. The rest of the bad guys were soon arrested, and the Spiders' face was finally bright by the sunset.



National-anarchism

National anarchism is a form of Anarchism that developed in the 90s that wishes to make humanity live in small tribes made up of people who belong to the same race as each other.

Székesfehérvár District

The Székesfehérvár District () is a district in central-western part of Fejér County. "Székesfehérvár" is also the name of the district seat in the Székesfehérvár District. The Székesfehérvár District is located in Central Transdanubia.

The district has 1 urban county, 2 towns, 4 large villages and 18 villages. (ordered by population, as of 1 January 2012)

The bolded municipalities are cities, "italics" municipalities are large villages.



Dunaújváros District

The Dunaújváros District () is a district in south-eastern part of Fejér County. "Dunaújváros" is also the name of the district seat in the Dunaújváros District. The Dunaújváros District is located in Central Transdanubia.

The district has 1 urban county, 3 towns, 3 large villages and 9 villages. (ordered by population, as of 1 January 2012)

The bolded municipalities are cities, "italics" municipalities are large villages.



Bicske District

The Bicske District () is a district in north-eastern part of Fejér County. "Bicske" is also the name of the district seat in the Bicske District. The Bicske District is located in Central Transdanubia.

The district has 2 towns, 1 large village and 12 villages. (ordered by population, as of 1 January 2012)

The bolded municipalities are cities, "italics" municipality is large village.



Sab Jholmaal Hai

Sab Jholmaal Hai () is an Indian animated comedy television series that is the old version of Honey Bunny Ka Jholmaal. It used to air on Sony Yay until Honey Bunny Ka Jholmaal got created. The show is available in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Marathi, and Bengali.

The story revolves around the adventures of four pets: two cats, Honey and Bunny; a dog, Zordaar; and a parrot, Popat, who live in a cozy house, owned by Miss Katkar. The pets always set off on fun and crazy adventures together. While they are usually sweet and well-mannered, the pets also save their town from evil men and thieves and help the good and poor people.

He loves to team up and play pranks on everyone else. He is also protective of his friends. Bunny is the smarter cat, and he plays the main role to save others.
Kitty has also one crush on Bunny.


The Episodes of Seasons 2, Season 3 and Season 4 Streaming Available on Netflix.

Dombóvár District

The Dombóvár District () is a district in south-western part of Tolna County. "Dombóvár" is also the name of the district seat in the Dombóvár District. The Dombóvár District is located in Southern Transdanubia.

The district has 1 town and 15 villages. (ordered by population, as of 1 January 2013)

The bolded municipality is city.



Bonyhád District

The Bonyhád District () is a district in southern part of Tolna County. "Bonyhád" is also the name of the district seat in the Bonyhád District. The Bonyhád District is located in Southern Transdanubia.

The district has 2 towns and 23 villages. (ordered by population, as of 1 January 2013)

The bolded municipalities are cities.



Tamási District

The Tamási District () is a district in north-western part of Tolna County. "Tamási" is also the name of the district seat in the Tàmasi District. The Tamási District is located in Southern Transdanubia.

The district has 3 towns, 2 large villages and 27 villages. (ordered by population, as of 1 January 2013)

The bolded municipalities are cities, "italics" municipalities are large villages.



M2 motorway (Northern Ireland)

The M2 is a motorway in Belfast and County Antrim in Northern Ireland. It is part of the unsigned European route E01, E16 and E18 roads.


Fontaine-lès-Cappy

Fontaine-lès-Cappy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

M3 motorway (Northern Ireland)

The M3 is a motorway in Belfast that is 0.8 miles long. It is the shortest motorway in Northern Ireland. It is one of the busiest motorways in Northern Ireland, 60,000 vehicles use it per day.

Victoria Beckham (album)

Victoria Beckham (stylised as VB) is the firtsh and only studio album by English singer-songwriter, Victoria Beckham. It was released on 1 October 2001 by Virgin Records. Beckham was the last member of the Spice Girls to release a solo album. The first single from the album', "Not Such an Innocent Girl," was released on 17 September 2001. The second single, "A Mind of Its Own" was released on 11 February 2002. There was susposed to be a third single, "I Wish". The single was not released due to Beckham's second pregnancy.

The album reached number ten in the United Kingdom and number twenty in Australia.

The ablum was not liked by the critics. BBC Music said the album as "a mish-mash affair of gushy sentiment and wishy-washy RnB." "NME" called the album "a new low in shameless pop slaggery".

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Victoria Beckham".

Fontaine-sous-Montdidier

Fontaine-sous-Montdidier is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fontaine-sur-Maye

Fontaine-sur-Maye is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fontaine-sur-Somme

Fontaine-sur-Somme is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Forceville

Forceville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Forceville-en-Vimeu

Forceville-en-Vimeu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ploemeur

Ploemeur () is a commune. It is in Brittany in the Morbihan department in northwest France.

Teisendorf

Teisendorf (West Central Bavarian: "Teisendorf") is a municipality in Berchtesgadener Land, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Break Up with Your Girlfriend, I'm Bored

"Break Up with Your Girlfriend, I'm Bored" (written in all lowercase) is a song recorded by American singer Ariana Grande for her fifth studio album "Thank U, Next" (2019). The song was written by Grande and Savan Kotecha alongside its producers Max Martin and Ilya Salmanzadeh, with Grande serving as a vocal producer. It contains an interpolation of the song "It Makes Me Ill" by American boy band NSYNC, written by Kandi Burruss, Kevin Briggs, thus both are also credited as songwriters.

The song entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number two, while "7 rings" was at #1 and "thank u, next" was at #3; this made Grande the first solo artist to occupy the top three of the Hot 100 in the same week (and the first act overall since The Beatles).

Grande has performed the song during her Coachella Festival set in April 2019 (with *NSYNC) and on her Sweetener World Tour.


Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.

Recording

Management

Personnel


Fort-Mahon-Plage

Fort-Mahon-Plage is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Piding

Piding is a climatic spa in Berchtesgadener Land, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria. It is near to the border of Austria close to Bad Reichenhall and Freilassing.



A48(M) motorway

The A48(M) motorway in Wales links Cardiff with Newport. The A48(M) has no junctions and opened in 1977.


Numbered routes in South Africa

In South Africa some roads are designated as numbered routes to help with navigation. There is a nationwide numbering scheme consisting of national, provincial and regional routes, and within various urban areas there are schemes of metropolitan route numbering.

In the nationwide numbering scheme, routes are divided into a hierarchy of three categories: national routes, which are the most important routes connecting major cities; provincial routes, which connecting smaller cities and towns to the national route network; and regional routes, which connect smaller towns to the route network. Route numbers are allocated to these classes as follows:
These numbers are allocated by the Route Numbering and Road Traffic Signs Sub Committee within the Roads Co-ordinating Body, an organisation which contains representatives from road authorities in national, provincial and local government.

In metropolitan numbering schemes the local authority can designate routes consisting of M followed by any number. The following metropolitan municipalities and their cities have metropolitan numbering schemes.

There are also a number of Ring Roads in South Africa found nationwide



Fossemanant

Fossemanant is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Sarayacu tree frog

The Sarayacu tree frog or orange-shanked tree frog ("Dendropsophus parviceps") is a frog that lives in much of eastern South America, in Brazil, Venezuela, Peru, Ecuador, Colombia, and Bolivia. Scientists have seen it between 180 and 1600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 14.3 to 18.7 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 20.3 to 24.4 mm long. This frog changes color over time. It is light bronze with marks during the day and darker in color at night.

The Latin name of this frog, "parviceps" means "small head."

Foucaucourt-en-Santerre

Foucaucourt-en-Santerre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Foucaucourt-Hors-Nesle

Foucaucourt-Hors-Nesle is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fouencamps

Fouencamps is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fouilloy, Somme

Fouilloy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fouquescourt

Fouquescourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Villebon-sur-Yvette

Villebon-sur-Yvette is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Reuven Fahn

Reuven Fahn ( 18781939 or 1944) was a Polish Jewish writer who was active in the decades before the Holocaust.

Reuven Fahn was born on 21 February 1878 in the village of Starunia in southeastern Austrian Galicia. Fahn could read and write in Hebrew, German, Yiddish, Polish, and Ukrainian by the age of 15. In 1897, at age 19, Fahn married Rachel Keren and moved to his wife's hometown, the Polish city of Halicz. In Halicz, Fahn was influenced by the Karaite Jewish community and their unique culture, which Fahn often wrote about in his literary works.

After Russia conquered eastern Galicia at the start of World War I in 1914, Fahn and many other Galician Jews fled to Vienna, the capital of Austria-Hungary. Fahn enjoyed the libraries in Vienna and worked as a librarian during his time there. He was drafted into the Austro-Hungarian army on 1 December 1914. His military service ended on 2 November 1918, with Austria-Hungary's existence ending soon afterwards. Due to his house and property in Halicz being destroyed due to World War I, Fahn moved to Stanisławów (present-day Ivano-Frankivsk). Afterwards, Fahn continued his work, but as a Polish citizen.

During a 1924 trip to Mandatory Palestine, Fahn created a Galician Zionist colony there. Fahn himself thought about moving to Palestine the next year, but decided not to since he feared that Palestine would soon have an economic crisis. The decision by Fahn and many other Galician Zionists to stay in Poland ended up being deadly for them due to the Holocaust destroying most of Poland's Jewish population by 1945. In 1930, Fahn maintained a correspondence with Hayim Nahman Bialik.

Fahn and his first wife had two daughters. His wife died when he was 25 years old. Fahn's eldest daughter Hana was later murdered in the Holocaust while her two daughters survived. In 1905, Fahn remarried to a woman from the city of Bolechow, with whom he had a son and a daughter. Yafa, Fahn's daughter from his second marriage, died at age nine while Fahn and his family were living in Vienna. Yosef, the sickly son from Fahn's second marriage, eventually had a son of his own but he and his entire family were murdered during the Holocaust.

Fahn's exact year and date of death are not known; 1939, 1940, and 1944 were all proposed for this. One report states that he was arrested and killed by the Soviets for Zionist activities a short time before World War II began. Another, possibly more reliable report states that he was murdered by the Nazis and their local Ukrainian allies in Stanisławów at the age of 66 in 1944.



Lesbophobia

Lesbophobia is a fear and/or hatred of lesbians, described as the intersection of homophobia and misogyny. Even gay men can be lesbophobic.

Đorđe Marjanović

Đorđe Marjanović (; 30 October 1931 – 15 May 2021) was a Serbian and Yugoslav singer.

Marjanović began his career in the mid-1950s. During the 1960s he recorded a large number of hit songs and became the first superstar of the Yugoslav popular music. 

In 1990, he suffered a stroke on stage, from which he partially recovered, but decided to retire.

He died on 15 May 2021, aged 89, in Belgrade from problems caused by COVID-19.

Eva Wilma

Eva Wilma Riefle Buckup Zarattini (; December 14, 1933 – May 15, 2021) was a Brazilian actress and dancer. She starred in the 1950s Brazilian television series "Alô, Doçura!". Wilma was born in São Paulo, Brazil. She retired in 2019. Other best known roles were in "A Flea on the Scales" and "A Indomada".

She was awarded with Prêmio Saci.

Wilma died on May 15, 2021 of ovarian cancer in São Paulo, aged 87.


William Roth

William Victor Roth Jr. (July 22, 1921 – December 13, 2003) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. From 1967 to 1970, he was the U.S. Representative from Delaware and from 1971 to 2001, he was a U.S. Senator. 

Roth was a sponsor of legislation creating the Roth IRA, an individual retirement plan that can be set up with a broker.

2021 Texas power crisis

In February 2021, the state of Texas had a major power crisis, because of three winter storms in the United States on February 10–11, 13–17, and 15–20. The crisis was caused by a massive electricity generation failure in the state of Texas; and caused shortages of water, food, and heat. 
More than 4.5 million homes and businesses were left without power, some for several days. At least 151 people were killed. The total damage is estimated to be between $100 billion and $200 billion, making it as expensive as Hurricane Harvey and other major disasters.
The Texas crisis's proximate causes were two unanticipated shocks induced from the sub-zero temperatures (‑2˚ F in Dallas): a failure of conventional (thermal) generating supply, mostly from lack of natural gas, and a surge in electricity demand. Inadequate winterization caused freezing of the gas supply and many plants' control instruments. In a system with a winter peak of 66 GW, about 30 GW of thermal plants were unavailable. In its worst-case extreme-winter analysis, ERCOT had expected a loss of 14 GW of thermal resources. The February storm caused more than double the anticipated thermal outages.

Simultaneously, electric heaters created a powerful surge in demand. About 61% of Texans rely on electric heat, mostly low-efficiency resistance heat, in poorly insulated homes — a seemingly sensible choice in a warm climate with cheap electricity, where home heating is often unnecessary. The demand surge caused by the cold came to about 20 GW or one-third of the winter peak. ERCOT based its worst-case analysis on a 2011 winter storm, the most severe cold-weather event in Texas in twenty years. The 2021 storm was much worse than that of 2011. It created an unexpected and unsupportable demand surge.

During the weekend of February 13-14, the temperature dropped more than what ERCOT estimated and as demand for electricity hit a record, the utility had to implement rolling power outages starting early morning Monday, February 15th. Temperatures in Texas averaged 30 degrees Fahrenheit lower than the normal during.

On Tuesday, 16 GW of renewables went down, including generation from wind, and 30 GW was lost from thermal sources including coal, gas and nuclear. By Wednesday 46 GW of total electricity generation was offline with 28 GW of thermal and 18 GW of renewable.

As the demand soared and regional power generators crashed, the frequency of the system also started to drop from the normal 60 Hz to 59.3 Hz. Had the system frequency’s fallen below 59 Hz, the state’s electrical system would have suffered from cascading blackouts which would have lasted for weeks or months and could have caused physical damage to equipment. This would have been much more difficult to recover so to protect the system, load was deliberately shed by the system operator.

Food bank

A food bank is a non-profit, charitable organization that gives away food to those who have hard time buying enough to avoid hunger. While a it is a popular organization, many critics believe it would cause a welfare crisis.

Serve America Movement

The Serve America Movement (SAM) is a big tent political organization founded in 2017 by Morgan Stanley lawyer Eric Grossman.

The party has said that they want to pass the elections vote limit or use petitions to gain access in other states, in order to contest future elections.

In May 2020, SAM named David Jolly as executive chairman. Jolly is a former Republican who served as a Member of Congress from Florida's 13th congressional district from 2014 to 2017.

Governor (United States)

In the United States, a governor is the chief executive officer and commander-in-chief in each of the fifty states and in the five permanently territories.

Governors are responsible for passing state laws and the operation of the state executive branch. As state leaders, governors support and push for new and revised policies and programs using a variety of tools, such as through executive orders, executive budgets, and legislative proposals and vetoes. Governors are comparable to the President, but on a state level.

A majority of governors have the authority to appoint state court judges as well, in most cases from a list of names submitted by a nominations committee.

Sam Sloan

Samuel Howard Sloan (born September 7, 1944) is an American perennial candidate and former broker-dealer. In 1978, he was the last non-lawyer to argue a case "pro se" before the United States Supreme Court.

In 2006, Sloan was on the executive board of the United States Chess Federation. He has run unsuccessfully or attempted to run for several political offices, including President of the United States.

Lise Bourdin

Lise Bourdin (born 20 November 1925) is a French retired movie actress. She was born in Néris-les-Bains, Allier, France. Bourdin retired in 1959, after a ten-year movie career.

Some of her best known roles were in "Children of Love" (1953), "The River Girl" (1954), "The Last Five Minutes" (1955), "Desperate Farewell" (1955), "La ladra" (1955), "Love in the Afternoon" (1957), "The River of Three Junks" (1957), "Ces dames préfèrent le mambo" (1957) and "The Last Blitzkrieg" (1959).

Jacqueline White

Jacqueline Jane White (born November 27, 1922) is an American actress. She is best known her appearances in "Crossfire" and "The Narrow Margin". She worked for both MGM and RKO in the 1940s and 1950s.

Jimmy Lydon

James J. Lydon (May 30, 1923 – March 9, 2022) was an American actor and television producer. He was known as a teenage actor during the 1930s.

In 1953, he was cast as Murray in the aviation adventure movie "Island in the Sky", starring John Wayne. He also played Biffen Cardoza on the last six episodes of "Rocky Jones, Space Ranger" in 1954 and made appearances in "Lux Video Theatre" and "The Christophers".

Lydon easily appeared roles in television. He played Chris Thayer on "The First Hundred Years". The show was CBS' first daytime soap opera. It was performed live for three seasons of 300 episodes.

Lydon died on March 9, 2022 at his home in San Diego, California at the age of 98.

Noreen Nash

Noreen Nash (born Norabelle Jean Roth; April 4, 1924 – June 6, 2023) was an American actress and model. Her first movie role was in the 1943 musical movie "Girl Crazy", which starred Mickey Rooney and Judy Garland.

From 2001 until his death, Nash was married to actor James Whitmore. 
Nash died at her home in Beverly Hills, California, on June 6, 2023, at the age of 99.

Dexter's Laboratory: Robot Rumble

Dexter's Laboratory: Robot Rumble or “Extreme Robot Rumble” was going to be a brawl fighting game in which various robots piloted by characters from "Dexter's Laboratory" would fight in small arenas, but it was never released. The game vanished when Bam Entertainment closed down. It seems that "Robot Rumble" was going to be developed with the help of N-Space. Only a few screenshots and concept arts remain from the project. Is a cancelled video game based on the animated television series of the same name.


Helen Grayco

Helen Grayco (born Helen Greco; September 20, 1924 – August 20, 2022) was an American pop singer and actress. She was most famous for appearances with her husband Spike Jones on "The Spike Jones Show" in the 1950s and the 1960s. 

She was also the mother of producer and Emmy recipient, Spike Jones Jr. and Leslie Ann Jones, a Grammy Award-winning recording engineer.

Grayco died on August 20, 2022 in Los Angeles, California, one month before her 98th birthday.

Spike Jones

Lindley Armstrong "Spike" Jones (December 14, 1911 – May 1, 1965) was an American musician, actor, comedian and bandleader. He was known for creating spoof arrangements of popular songs and classical music.

Jones and his band recorded under the title Spike Jones and His City Slickers from the early 1940s to the mid-1950s. 

As an actor, he appeared in "Thank Your Lucky Stars" (1943), "Meet the People" (1944), "Bring on the Girls" (1945), "Breakfast in Hollywood" (1946) and "Variety Girl" (1947).


Joyce Reynolds (actress)

Reynolds made her acting debut with a small part in the 1942 movie "Yankee Doodle Dandy". She also appeared in "George Washington Slept Here" as Madge, "The Constant Nymph" as Paula Sanger, and "The Adventures of Mark Twain" as Clara Clemens.


Maria Riva

Maria Elizabeth Riva (née Sieber, born 13 December 1924) is a German-born American actress, writer and activist. She worked on television in the 1950s. She is the daughter of actress Marlene Dietrich. Riva was born in Berlin, Weimar Republic. Her career began in 1934. 

During the 1950s, Riva appeared in more than 500 live teleplays for CBS, all broadcast from New York, including "The Milton Berle Show", "Lux Video Theatre", "Hallmark Hall of Fame", "Your Show of Shows" and "Studio One". She received Emmy nominations as best actress in both 1952 and 1953.

Riva was married to Dean Goodman from 1943 until they divorced a year later. She later married William Riva in 1947 and would remain married until his death in 1999. They had four children; including J. Michael and Peter Riva.


Marilyn Knowlden

Marilyn Knowlden (; born May 12, 1926) is an American former child actress. She started appearing in Hollywood movies in 1931 when she was four years old. She is known for her roles in "Imitation of Life", "Les Misérables", and "Angels with Dirty Faces".

Hyouka

Hyouka (or the Japanese name "氷菓"; English: "Ice Cream") is a slice of life and a mystery novel written in 2001 by Honubo Yonezawa. It is the first volume of the "Classic Literature Club" series. There are also 2 other adaptations of this novel, which include: Anime adaptation, as well as a Manga adaptation. The anime adaptation was produced by "Kyoto Animation" and directed by "Yasuhiro Takemoto." It consists of 22 episodes filled with many mysteries, which often begin with a simple question. The anime adaption aired (or was watchable) from April 22nd to September 16th, 2012. The anime adaptation was illustrated (or drawn) by "Taskohna". 

The mystery genre of Anime and Manga was dull (or boring) until the Manga and Anime adaptation started "airing". The whole plot of Hyouka revolves around a high-school (grade 9 - 12) boy, Ho(u)taro Oreki, who solves multiple mysteries without even him noticing (except some parts where he "does"). The basic concept of Hyouka was very simple (or plain) at the time it was airing. In fact, it was too simple that many people thought it just a regular mystery anime or manga. However, as simple as the concept is, the build-up is very mesmerizing (or fascinating), to say the least. Fans who were interested "or not interested" in mystery were mesmerized by the build-up of the riddles (or mysteries), that take place in the anime or manga.

Carleton Carpenter

Carleton Upham Carpenter, Jr. (July 10, 1926 – January 31, 2022) was an American actor, magician, songwriter, and novelist.

Carpenter wrote material for Debbie Reynolds, Kaye Ballard, Marlene Dietrich and Hermione Gingold, and also scripts for films and television.

Carpenter was a successful mystery novelist in the 1970s and 1980s. His books include "Deadhead", "Games Murderers Play", "Cat Got Your Tongue?", "Only Her Hairdresser Knew", "Sleight of Deadly Hand", "The Peabody Experience", and "Stumped".

Carpenter died in Warwick, New York on January 31, 2022, at the age of 95.

Hermione Gingold

Hermione Ferdinanda Gingold (; 9 December 189724 May 1987) was an English-American actress. She was known for playing loud and energetic elderly women such as in "Gigi" (1958), "Bell, Book and Candle" (1958), "The Music Man" (1962) and "A Little Night Music" (1973).

Gingold died from heart failure caused by pneumonia at the Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan on 24 May 1987, aged 89.

Betty Lynn

Elizabeth Ann Theresa Lynn (August 29, 1926 – October 16, 2021) was an American retired actress. She was best known for her role as Thelma Lou, Deputy Barney Fife's girlfriend, on "The Andy Griffith Show". 

She also starred in "Sitting Pretty" (1948), "June Bride" (1948), the original "Cheaper by the Dozen" (1950) and "Meet Me in Las Vegas" (1956).

Lynn died on October 16, 2021 in Mount Airy, North Carolina after a short-illness, at the age of 95.

Robert Brown (American actor)

Robert Brown (November 17, 1926 – September 19, 2022) was an American television actor. He was mostly active in the 1960s and 1970s.

Brown had a starring role as the charismatic, fast-talking Jason Bolt in the ABC television series "Here Come the Brides". He also starred as Carter Primus in the sea adventure television series "Primus".

Brown died in Ojai, California, on September 19, 2022, at the age of 95.


Terry Kilburn

Terence E. Kilburn (born 25 November 1926) is an English-American actor. He is best known for his roles as a child actor, in movies such as "A Christmas Carol" (1938) and "Goodbye, Mr. Chips" (1939) in the late 1930s and the early 1940s.

He was in a fifty-year relationship with actor Charles Nolte, who died in January 2010.

Cora Sue Collins

Cora Sue Collins (born April 19, 1927) is an American former child actress. She was known for her roles in "Queen Christina", "Anna Karenina", and "All This, and Heaven Too".

Donna Martell

Donna Martell (born Irene Palma de Maria, December 24, 1927) is an American former actress. She played Marie DiPaolo in "The Bob Cummings Show" and appeared in shows such as "Shotgun Slade", "Cavalcade of America", "The Range Rider", "Bat Masterson" and "Cheyenne".

Sara Shane

Elaine Hollingsworth (née Sterling; born May 18, 1928), known by the stage name Sara Shane, is a former American actress. She starred alongside Clark Gable in the 1955 movie "The King and Four Queens". Her last movie, 1959’s "Tarzan's Greatest Adventure", she played Angie. 

Kathleen Hughes

Kathleen Hughes (born Elizabeth Margaret von Gerkan November 14, 1928) is an American actress.

She played in episodes of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" (1956–1957), "Telephone Time" (1956), "The Bob Cummings Show" (1958), "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet", "77 Sunset Strip" (1959), "Hotel de Paree" (1959), "Tightrope" (1959), "General Electric Theater" (1960–1962), "The Tall Man" (1961), "Bachelor Father" (1962), "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." (1965), and "I Dream of Jeannie" (1967).


Colleen Townsend

Colleen Townsend Evans (born December 21, 1928) is an American actress, author and humanitarian. Her best known roles were in "The Walls of Jericho" (1948), "Chicken Every Sunday" (1949), "When Willie Comes Marching Home" and "Again Pioneers" (both 1950).

Margaret Kerry

Margaret Kerry (born May 11, 1929) is an American actress and radio host. She was best known for her work as the model for Tinker Bell in the 1953 Walt Disney Pictures animated feature, "Peter Pan".

Ana Luisa Peluffo

Ana Luisa Peluffo (born 9 October 1929) is a Mexican actress. She has appeared in more than 200 movies and television shows since 1949. She starred in the 1977 movie "Paper Flowers". She also appeared in the 1948 adventure movie "Tarzan and the Mermaids".

Joyce MacKenzie

Joyce Elaine MacKenzie Hassing (October 13, 1925 June 10, 2021) was an American actress. She appeared on movie and television from 1946 to 1961. She is best remembered for being the eleventh actress to portray Jane. She played the role opposite Lex Barker's Tarzan in 1953's "Tarzan and the She-Devil". She died on June 10, 2021 in Hollywood, California, at the age of 95.

Claudia Barrett

Claudia Barrett (born Imagene Williams; November 3, 1929April 30, 2021) was an American actress. Her other movie credits included "The Story of Seabiscuit" and "Chain Lightning", as well as one of the leads of "A Life at Stake". In 1953, she played one of the lead roles, Alice, in the low-budget science-fiction movie "Robot Monster".

Betta St. John

Betta St. John (born Betty Jean Striegler, November 26, 1929) is an American former actress, singer and dancer. She starred in "The Robe" (1953), "All the Brothers Were Valiant" (1953), "The Student Prince" (1954), and in "High Tide at Noon" (1957).

Harrington Park, New Jersey

Harrington Park is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 4,741.

Gwen Graham

Gwendolyn Graham (born January 31, 1963) is an American attorney and politician. Graham is the Assistant Secretary of Education for Legislation and Congressional Affairs since 2021. She was the U.S. Representative for from 2015 to 2017. She is the daughter of Bob Graham, the former United States Senator and Governor of Florida. 

Graham is a Democrat. She was a candidate for Governor of Florida in the 2018 election.

In April 2021, President Joe Biden announced that Graham would be nominated to be assistant secretary of the United States Department of Education for legislation and congressional affairs. Her nomination was confirmed in the U.S. Senate on October 6, 2021 by voice vote.

Care Bears: Care Quest

Care Bears: Care Quest is 2D platform game for the Game Boy Advance developed by Sirius Games and published by The Game Factory. It was released in North America in October 2005, and in Europe the following year in February 2006. Players take control of a specific Care Bear in 12 quests containing multiple levels.

The game itself consists of 12 different games, each for a different Care Bear. Within each game itself, there are between 8 and 15 levels.

Bears such as Bedtime Bear, Tenderheart Bear, and Cheer Bear all appear in their respective levels and minigames. These games range from easy to difficult in intensity.

Namib

The Namib, also known as Namibe or Namibië desert is a coastal desert in southern Africa. According to the broadest definition, the Namib stretches for more than along the Atlantic coasts of Angola, Namibia, and South Africa.
Stretching for 1,200 miles (1,931 kilometers), it is one of the oldest deserts on the planet – at least 55 million years. Although a desert, the land is inhabited by a wide range of plants and animals, including ‘desert’ elephants that can go days without water.

Casio fx-991EX

Casio fx-991EX is a scientific calculator made by Casio. It has 552 functions and 12 modes.

This mode allows you for basic calculations.
This mode allows you for complex calculations.
This mode allows you for calculations in base 2, 8, 10 or 16.
This mode allows you for matrices up to 4x4.
This mode allows you for vector calculations.
This mode allows you for statistics.
This mode allows you for distribution calculations.
This mode allows you for spreadsheets (up to 45 rows, 5 columns).
This mode allows you for listing calculations up to 45 (f(x)) or 30 (f(x) and g(x)) rows.
This mode allows you for simulatmous equations and polynomials.
This mode allows you for inequality polynomials.
This mode allows you for rational calculations.

Take a Chance on Me

"Take a Chance on Me" is a disco song by the Swedish music group ABBA. It was released in January 1978.

The song reached the Top 10 in the United States and United Kingdom. It hit #3 in the United States, Germany and Canada. It was also ABBA's seventh #1 song in the United Kingdom. It sold over 500,000 copies. It was awarded a gold disc.

The song was later covered by the English synthpop group Erasure and the Swedish pop group A-Teens.

Mamma Mia (ABBA song)

"Mamma Mia" is a song by the Swedish pop group ABBA. The song comes off the group's third studio album "ABBA".

The song was released in September 1975. In Australia, Germany, Ireland and Switzerland, the song hit #1.

In 1999, the A-Teens covered "Mamma Mia". It was later covered in 2008 by the actress Meryl Streep.

Fernando (song)

"Fernando" is a song from the Swedish music group ABBA. It was released in March 1976.

The song is one of ABBA's best selling singles. It sold over six million copies in 1976 alone.

The song is available in the Spanish, Swedish and English languages.

"Fernando" hit #1 in Germany, Ireland, Australia, Belgium and Switzerland.

Solar luminosity

Solar luminosity is the total power output of the Sun radiated to space. Solar irradiance, in contrast, is the total power per unit area at a distance of 1 AU (see solar constant). 

Luminosity of the sun- 3.846*10^26 watts 

or 3.846*10^33 ergs per second.

Shell (computing)

An operating system shell is a user interface that enables the user to interact with and access the services offered by the operating system. The user gives commands to the operating system through its shell. 

In simple words - a shell is a program that accepts the input from users and excutes program on their behalf by creating a new process, and whatever the response from that particular program - which could be input, output or error - it shows back it the the user.

There are various types of shells:

Examples of command line operating systems are UNIX and Disk Operating System (DOS). Examples of menu driven operating systems are the DOS shell. Finally, examples of graphical user interface (GUI) operating system are Linux and Microsoft Windows.

Pink Chanel suit of Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy

A pink suit was worn by Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy, the First Lady of the United States on November 22, 1963 when her husband, United States President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas. It was raspberry pink and navy trim collared suit was matched with a trademark matching pink pillbox hat and white gloves. After President Kennedy was assassinated, Jacqueline Kennedy wanted to wear the outfit, stained with his blood, during the swearing-in of the new incoming 36th President of the United States, Lyndon B. Johnson on Air Force One.

Jacqueline Kennedy was a well known fashion icon, and this outfit is thought to be the most well known and popular of all of her items of clothing and her trademark.

Pillbox hat

A pillbox hat is a small hat, usually worn by women. It has a flat crown, straight and upright sides. It is named after the small cylindrical cases that pills used to be sold in.

Military headwear

The pillbox hat gained popularity as military headwear. During the late Roman Empire, a similar hat, called the "Pannonian cap" was worn by soldiers. Another similar hat was worn by the Flemish during the Middle Ages. In the 19th century, pillbox hats were worn by the British Army and the Boys Brigade. In some countries, the pillbox hat is worn with a strap around the chin. 

Fashion headwear

The woman's pillbox hat was created hat makers in the 1930s, gaining popularity due to its elegant style. Pillbox hats have been made of many different materials, including wool, mink, fox-fur, and many other materials. They are generally a solid color.

John Vernou Bouvier III

John Vernou Bouvier III ( ; May 19, 1891 – August 3, 1957) was an American Wall Street stockbroker and socialite. He was the father of First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy and socialite Lee Radziwill. He was the father-in-law of John F. Kennedy.

Bouvier was diagnosed with terminal liver cancer in spring 1957. He was hospitalized at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan on July 27, 1957 to have chemotherapy. He died six days later, on August 3, aged 66.

Janet Lee Bouvier

Janet Norton Lee Auchincloss, formerly Bouvier, (December 3, 1907 – July 22, 1989) was an American socialite. She was known as the mother of the former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy, and the mother-in-law of former U.S. President John F. Kennedy.

She was a board member of the Newport Historical Society and the Redwood Library. She was also the honorary director of the Robert E. Lee Memorial Association in Stratford, Virginia.

Washington Times-Herald

The Washington Times-Herald (1939–1954) was an American daily newspaper published in Washington, D.C. It was created by Eleanor "Cissy" Patterson. The paper became an "isolationist and archconservative" publication known for sensationalism.

The Washington Times-Herald Building was built by architect Philip Morrisson Jullien.

In 1954, it was sold to "The Washington Post".

State funeral of John F. Kennedy

The State Funeral of John F. Kennedy, 35th President of the United States, took place in Washington, D.C., during the three days after his assassination on Friday, November 22, 1963, in Dallas, Texas.

The body of President Kennedy was brought back to Washington soon after his death and was placed in the East Room of the White House for 24 hours. On the Sunday after the assassination, his flag-draped casket was carried to the U.S. Capitol to lie in state. 

Representatives from over 90 countries attended the state funeral on Monday, November 25. After the Requiem Mass at St. Matthew's Cathedral, the late president was buried at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia.

Some of the dignitaries that arrived on Sunday to attend the funeral included Soviet First Deputy Premier Anastas Mikoyan, French President Charles de Gaulle, Canadian Prime Minister Lester B. Pearson, the Duke of Edinburgh (representing Queen Elizabeth II), British Prime Minister Sir Alec Douglas-Home, Irish President Éamon de Valera, and Ethiopian Emperor Haile Selassie.

Viking Press

Viking Press (formally Viking Penguin, also listed as Viking Books) is an American publishing company now owned by Penguin Random House. It was founded in New York City on March 1, 1925. It was bought by the Penguin Group in 1975.

Doubleday (publisher)

Doubleday is an American publishing company. It was founded as the Doubleday & McClure Company in 1897 and was the largest in the United States by 1947. It published the work of mostly U.S. authors. In 2009 Doubleday merged with Knopf Publishing Group to form the Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group, which is now part of Penguin Random House.

Maurice Tempelsman

Maurice Tempelsman (born August 26, 1929) is a Belgian-American businessman. He was the longtime companion of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, former First Lady of the United States. He was born in Antwerp, Belgium. He is also a general partner of Leon Tempelsman & Son, an investment company specializing in real estate and venture capital.

Vassar College

Vassar College ( ) is a private liberal arts college in Poughkeepsie, New York. It was founded in 1861 by Matthew Vassar. It was the second degree-granting institution of higher education for women in the United States. It became coeducational in 1969.

It was a member of the Seven Sisters, seven historical woman's colleges.

Dizzy (Guilty Gear)

Chapin School

Chapin School is an all-girls independent day school located in New York City's Upper East Side neighborhood in Manhattan.

Maria Bowen Chapin opened "Miss Chapin's School for Girls and Kindergarten for Boys and Girls" in 1901. The school originally enrolled 78 students, who were taught by seven teachers.

Chapin is at 100 East End Avenue, at East 84th Street.

First Lady Jackie Kennedy went to school here.

Hugh D. Auchincloss

Hugh Dudley Auchincloss Jr. (August 15, 1897 – November 20, 1976) was an American stockbroker and lawyer. He became the second husband of Nina S. Gore, mother of Gore Vidal, and also the second husband of Janet Lee Bouvier, the mother of First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis (wife of President John F. Kennedy) and Caroline Lee Bouvier.

In 1927, he was appointed an aviation expert in the State Department. Four years later in 1931, he resigned government service to form a brokerage firm.

In 1931, he bought his seat on the New York Stock Exchange for $235,000. 

Thank U, Next Perfume

The Thank U, Next Perfume is a perfume released by Ariana Grande. It was released in August 18, 2019.

It has top notes of raspberry and pear, middle notes of coconut and pink rose, and base notes of macrons and musk.

RNA-Seq

RNA-Seq (short for "RNA sequencing") is a technique to get snapshots of the continuously changing RNA landscape in a cell.

RNA is a nucleic acid with roles in when, where, and by how much genes are turned on. Classically, sections of DNA are copied to RNA which are decoded into proteins that carry out cellular functions. 

RNAs also have many roles that fall outside this framework. RNA-Seq is typically used to analyze the amount of each gene's RNA in experimental samples. For example, in gene expression and changes made during RNA processing (alternative splicing, editing, mutations, or fusions between RNAs). RNA-Seq requires molecular biology and computational steps. 

Recent advances in RNA-Seq include the ability to study single cells and entire single RNA molecules. It has broad applications in the life sciences from agriculture to medicine.

Charles L. Bartlett (journalist)

Charles Leffingwell Bartlett (August 14, 1921 – February 17, 2017) was an American journalist. He won the 1956 Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting "for his original disclosures that led to the resignation of Harold E. Talbott as Secretary of the Air Force." He was born in Chicago. He is best known for introducing Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis to John F. Kennedy at a dinner party in the 1950s.

Richard Cushing

Richard James Cushing (August 24, 1895 – November 2, 1970) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Boston from 1944 to 1970 and was made a cardinal in 1958.

Cushing died of cancer on November 2, 1970 in Boston, Massachusetts at the age of 75.

Kennedy Compound

The Kennedy Compound consists of three houses on six acres (24,000 m²) of waterfront property on Cape Cod along Nantucket Sound in Hyannis Port, Massachusetts, in the United States. It was once the home of Joseph P. Kennedy, an American businessman, investor, politician, and U.S. ambassador to Great Britain; his wife, Rose; and their children, including U.S. President John F. Kennedy and U.S. Senators Robert F. Kennedy and Edward M. Kennedy. It was made into a museum after the death of Edward Kennedy in 2009.

Hyannis Port, Massachusetts

Hyannis Port (or Hyannisport) is a small residential village located in Barnstable, Massachusetts, United States. It is a summer community on Hyannis Harbor, 1.4 miles to the south-southwest of Hyannis.

Hyannis Port is the location of the Kennedy Compound and other Kennedy family residences.

Naruto &amp; Boruto: Shinobi Striker

Maitreya

Maitreya, in Buddhist tradition, is the future Buddha. He is presently a bodhisattva living in the Tushita heaven.. It is beleived that they will descend to Earth to preach the dharma (“law”). This will happen when the teachings of Gautama Buddha have completely decayed. The name "Maitreya" is derived from the Sanskrit "maitrī" (“friendliness”).

1960 Democratic National Convention

The 1960 Democratic National Convention was held in Los Angeles, California, on July 11–15, 1960. It nominated Senator John F. Kennedy of Massachusetts for president and Senate Majority Leader Lyndon B. Johnson of Texas for vice president.

In the general election, the Kennedy–Johnson ticket won an electoral college victory over the Republican candidates Vice President Richard M. Nixon and UN Ambassador Henry C. Lodge II.

The Biltmore Hotel was selected to serve as the headquarters hotel for the Democratic National Committee.

National Endowment for the Humanities

The National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) is an independent federal agency of the U.S. government. It was created by the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965 (). It was created to support research, education, preservation, and public programs in the humanities. The NEH is housed at 400 7th St SW, Washington, D.C. From 1979 to 2014, NEH was at 1100 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C. in the Nancy Hanks Center at the Old Post Office.


Jacqueline Kennedy Garden

The Jacqueline Kennedy Garden is located at the White House south of the East Colonnade. The garden balances the Rose Garden on the west side of the White House.

The garden was named after First Lady Jackie Kennedy on 22 April 1965.


President's Park

President's Park, located in Washington, D.C., includes the White House and the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, the Treasury Building, and grounds; the White House Visitor Center; Lafayette Square; and The Ellipse. 

President's Park was the original name of Lafayette Square. The current President's Park is taken care of by the National Park Service. The park is officially known as President's Park or The White House and President's Park.

Pamela Turnure

Pamela Harrison Turnure Timmins (born 1937) is the first Press Secretary hired to work for a First Lady of the United States. She was the Press Secretary to Jacqueline Kennedy. Turnure reportedly had an affair with 35th President of the United States John F. Kennedy.

White House Historical Association

The White House Historical Association, founded in 1961 through works of First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy, is a private, non-profit organization that works to preserve the history of the White House and make that history more accessible to the public.

Committee for the Preservation of the White House

The Committee for the Preservation of the White House is an advisory committee in charge with the preservation of the White House, the official home and principal workplace of the President of the United States. 

The Committee for the Preservation of the White House was created by Executive Order in 1964 by President Lyndon Johnson to replace a temporary White House Furnishings Committee created by First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy during the Kennedy White House restoration (1961–1963).

The Executive Order states that the Curator of the White House, Chief Usher of the White House, Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution, the Chair of the United States Commission of Fine Arts, and Director of the National Gallery of Art are "Ex-Officio" members of the committee. The Director of the National Park Service is Chair of the Committee, and the First Lady is the Honorary Chair of the committee.

In February 2010, Los Angeles interior designer Michael S. Smith was appointed to the committee; in August of that year, his makeover of the Oval Office was revealed to the public.

White House Office of the Curator

The White House Office of the Curator is charged with the conservation and study of the collection of fine art, furniture and decorative objects used to furnish both the public and private rooms of the White House.

The office began in 1961 during the administration of President John F. Kennedy while First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy oversaw the restoration of the White House. The office is located in the ground floor of the White House Executive Residence. 

The most recent White House curator is Lydia Tederick, appointed in 2017.

Leva del Biberón

The "Leva del Biberón" (also known as the "Quinta del Biberón ", baby bottle in Spanish) was the name given to the levies of 1938 and 1939 throughout the territory that republican Spain still controlled during the last years of the Spanish civil war . Mobilized by order of the President of the Second Spanish Republic, Manuel Azaña, at the end of April 1938. At that time, Franco's troops had attacked Lérida, Gandesa, Balaguer, Tremp and Camarasa and were taking control of the last points of republican resistance.

In total, some 30,000 young people were called up, coming from all over the national territory on the Republican side: Murcia, Catalonia, Old Castilla and Valencia, among others. They were under the command of Lluís Companys, among whom would be counted future personalities such as Jesús Blasco. First, they had to cover auxiliary tasks, but on July 25, 1938, they were already participating in the Republican offensive of the Battle of the Ebro, the vast majority being minors, reaching, some as children, only 14 years old.

It is believed that it received this name when Federica Montseny referred to all of them in this way: "“Seventeen years old? but they still are sucking the baby bottle!»".

They were in the bloody battles of Merengue and Baladredo, both at the Segre front during the so-called offensive of Catalonia. They also took part in the Battle of the Ebro and some were assigned to the Alpine battalion, in the Lleida Pyrenees .

After the war, very different fates ran. Some went into exile in France and ended up in the concentration camps of Argelès-Sur-Mer, Saint-Cyprien and Agda . Others, in the Francoist prisons and in the concentration camps of Vitoria and Miranda de Ebro and others went to battalions of workers distributed throughout Spain and did military service in Zaragoza, Barcelona and even in the Spanish Sahara. Another part of the young people was freed by the Franco regime in case of being captured since, as was normal throughout the conflict, most of the ideology of those called up was not reciprocal to the side that forced them to enlist under duress to a large extent. of the cases.

In 1983, some 307 survivors and 412 relatives founded the «Agrupación de Supervivientes de la Leva del Biberón-41». 

A Tour of the White House with Mrs. John F. Kennedy

A Tour of the White House with Mrs. John F. Kennedy was a television special featuring the First Lady of the United States, Jacqueline Kennedy, on a tour of the recently renovated White House. It was broadcast on Valentine's Day, February 14, 1962, on both CBS and NBC, and broadcast four days later on ABC. The program was the first televised tour of the White House by a first lady. It is thought to be the first prime-time documentary specifically designed for a female audience.

The program showed Mrs. Kennedy on a tour of the house with CBS News correspondent Charles Collingwood. The videotaped tour was the first view of the White House to the American public.

The broadcast was seen by more than eighty million viewers and syndicated globally to 50 countries, including China and the Soviet Union.

John Kenneth Galbraith

John Kenneth Galbraith (October 15, 1908 – April 29, 2006), also known as Ken Galbraith, was a Canadian-American economist, diplomat, public official and intellectual. He supported liberalism and post-Keynesian economics.

Galbraith was a long-time Harvard faculty member. 

A Democrat, he worked under the administrations of Franklin D. Roosevelt, Harry S. Truman, John F. Kennedy, and Lyndon B. Johnson. He was United States Ambassador to India under the Kennedy administration. 

Galbraith died of natural causes at a hospital in Cambridge, Massachusetts on April 29, 2006 at the age of 97.

Otis Air National Guard Base

Otis Air National Guard Base is an Air National Guard installation located within Joint Base Cape Cod, a military training facility located on the western portion of Cape Cod in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States. It was known as Otis Air Force Base. It was named in honor of pilot and Boston surgeon Lt. Frank "Jesse" Otis.

Infant respiratory distress syndrome

Infantile respiratory distress syndrome (IRDS), also called respiratory distress syndrome of newborn, or increasingly surfactant deficiency disorder (SDD), and previously called hyaline membrane disease (HMD), is a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of pulmonary surfactant production and lungs. IRDS affects about 1% of newborns and is the leading cause of death in preterm infants. 

Anger, Bavaria

Anger is a municipality in Berchtesgadener Land, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Green dotted tree frog

The Green dotted tree frog or Schmidt's Bolivian tree frog ("Dendropsophus molitor") is a frog that lives in Colombia.

Uniunea Independenta Pentru Sighisoara (Romania)

The Uniunea Independenta Pentru Sighisoara (UIPS) is the ruling party of Sighisoara in Romania. It is represented by the actual mayof of Sighisoara, Iulian Sîrbu. It is the first ruling independent and local party in the history of the city.

Affair

An affair is a sexual relationship, romantic friendship, or passionate attachment between two people where at least one of the two has a connection with a third person, either in a marriage or relationship, without the third person's knowledge or agreement.

A romantic affair, also called an affair of the heart, may be about sexual actions of more emotional relationship between two people who may have sex without expecting a more formal romantic relationship.

Virginia strawberry

The Virginia strawberry (Fragaria virginiana) is a species of strawberry that grows in the wild. It occurs in much of the United States and Canada, mostly in wooded, or partly wooded areas. It is a perennial plant. Together with the Chilean strawberry it was used to create the common strawberry cultivar, grown in gardens. 

List of postcode districts in the United Kingdom

This is a list of postcode districts in the United Kingdom and Crown dependencies.

Postcode district codes are also known as "outward codes".


Phyll Opoku-Gyimah

Phyllis Akua Opoku-Gyimah was born on November 1974. She is also known as Lady Phyll, is a British political activist, co-founder of UK Black Pride and executive director of Kaleidoscope Trust. 

Opoku-Gyimah was born and raised in Britain and Lea Valley Academy, where she first became politically active. She is of Ghanaian heritage. 

Opoku-Gyimah is a co-founder and executive director of UK Black Pride, which promotes unity among all Black people of African, Asian, Caribbean, Middle Eastern and Latin American as well as their friends and families, who identify as Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual or Transgender. She was appointed trustee of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights charity, Stonewall but resigned three years later when the charity announced it would partner with UK Black Pride. 

"Independent on Sunday" Pink List, 2011 (64), 2012 (11)

Ainring

Ainring is a municipality in Berchtesgadener Land, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria. It is near the border to Austria.

Altomünster

Altomünster is a municipality in Dachau, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Markt Altomünster currently has the following 48 villages:

Altomünster, Arnberg, Asbach, Breitenau, Deutenhofen, Erlach, Erlau, Freistetten, Haag, Halmsried, Hohenried, , Humersberg, Hutgraben, Irchenbrunn, , Lauterbach, Lichtenberg, Maisbrunn, Obererlach, Oberndorf, Oberschröttenloh, , Ottelsburg, Ottmarshausen, Pfaffenhofen, , Plixenried, Radenzhofen, Rametsried, , Reichertshausen, Röckersberg, Rudersberg, , Schauerschorn, Schielach, Schloßberg, Schmarnzell, Schmelchen, Sengenried, , Teufelsberg, , Übelmanna, , and Xyger.


Bergkirchen

Bergkirchen (Bavarian: "Bergkira") is a municipality in Dachau, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.


The Battle Cats

The Battle Cats is a tower-defense game by PONOS Corporation. It was released in 2014. It is about cats invading enemy bases.

Erdweg

Erdweg is a municipality in Dachau, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

DZAB-AM

DZAB Radyo Pilipino is a radio station owned and operated by Radio Corporation of the Philippines.
The studios and transmitter are located at Victoria de Manila, Malate, Mega Manila.

The Hopeless Case (Rotta)

The Hopeless Case (also known as Il caso senza speranza) is a 19th-century painted in oil by Antonio Rotta, in 1871, in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the Walters Art Museum.

The painting was finished in August 1871, and is exhibited at Walters Art Museum in Baltimore, in Maryland (United States) of which was the President Vittorio Sgarbi. It is one of the best-known pictorial works in the history of the genre painting movement.

The work was purchased for the museum, personally by the president William Thompson Walters (1819–1894) in 1878, and exhibited in the permanent collection. It is identified with the catalog number 37182.

A young woman wearing a typical Venetian shawl, she listens to her cobbler, who exposes the desperate condition of her boot. Antonio Rotta interpreted this messy interior with characteristic details of the Venice of the time.
The work "The case without hope", tells the time when things were repaired, because there was not enough money to buy new ones. Especially the shoes. Wrapped in her colored shawl, the girl is listening to the cobbler's sentence, which decrees that it is impossible to repair that boot once again. For this the painting was initially called "Without escape". In the sad gaze, in the tilted head, in the firmly intertwined hands, one feels the full weight of poverty.





The Devoted Child (Rotta)

The Devoted Child (also known as Il bambino devoto) is a 19th-century painted in oil by Antonio Rotta, in 1870, din Venice, Italy, exhibited at the Milwaukee Art Museum.

The painting is exhibited at Milwaukee Art Museum of Milwaukee, in Wisconsin (United States).

A young girl wearing a Venetian shawl listens as the shoemaker reports upon the hopeless condition of her boot. The artist has shown the cluttered interior with characteristic detail.





The little girl found in Venice (Rotta)

The little girl found in Venice (also known as La bambina ritrovata a Venezia) is a 19th-century painted in oil by Antonio Rotta, in 1870, in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the Civici Musei di Storia ed Arte in Trieste, Italy.

Representations of interior scenes about Venice life are rare, and this is one of the most historical images of everyday life. The scene portrays the hall of a Venetian palace, as can be deduced from the view in the area of ​​Piazza San Marco, the Doge's Palace (in Italian: Palazzo Ducale), also known as the Doge's Palace, a symbol of the city of Venice and the Belfry of São Marcos, in addition to the open window. It is not easy to interpret the theme of the painting, wrapped in the story of a mystery of the Republic of Venice: perhaps the lady, who turns a stunned and grateful look at the sky at the same time, recognizes in the child of the clothes dispensed a girl dear to her, whose physiognomy is mentioned in the picture on the console to the right of the painting. On the same island there is a large Chinese pink porcelain vase of the family, to connote the richness and refinement of the furniture and the testimony of the importance of the commercial relations between the Republic of Venice and China at the time. The Chinese porcelain vase, is a piece of furniture that signals the widespread passion that collectors showed in those years for chinoiserie and for Chinese art and culture. Rotta is interested in the representation of true everyday life, finding in it a deep introspection of the human soul. It is still life according to the realism that impresses the first moment when the innocence of children dies along with the knowledge of life.

Rotta is interested in the representation of true everyday life, finding in it a deep introspection of the human soul. It is still life according to the realism that impresses the first moment when the innocence of children dies along with the knowledge of life. It is not easy to interpret the subject of the painting: perhaps the lady, who at the same time looks astonished and grateful to the sky, recognizes in the girl in disheveled clothes a beloved girl, whose physiognomy is suggested in the frame of the console to the right of the screen. painting. On the same console, there is a large Chinese porcelain vase of the famille rose type, to connote the richness and refinement of the furniture.

A rich and rich girl who is lost in the world and for the first time has a feeling of dismay. The paintings of works that offer scenes of life in rich environments are rare and precious, because Rotta was the intense singer of the popular soul, of the humble people, of the places and of the poor and everyday domestic atmospheres of Venice that he knew in his intimacy essence.



Raimund Hoghe

Raimund Hoghe (12 May 1949 – 14 May 2021) was a German choreographer, dancer, filmmaker, journalist, and author who wrote profiles of persons, both prominent and outsider, for Die Zeit. From 1980 to 1990, he was a dramaturge and chronicler of Pina Bausch's Tanztheater before he worked independently. He is regarded as "one of the protagonists of German contemporary dance theatre". He lived in Düsseldorf, where he died on 14 May 2021, two days after his 72nd birthday.

The death of the chick (Rotta)

The Death of the Chick (also known as La morte del pulcino) is a 19th-century painted in oil by Antonio Rotta, in 1878, din Venice, Italy, exhibited at the Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art of Trento and Rovereto. Signed lower left: "A. Rotta".

The painting was finished in 1878, and is exhibited at the Museum of modern and contemporary art of Trento and Rovereto in Trento, as one of the most interesting representative works of genre painting.

Rotta has always been interested in the representation of true daily life. It shows the first moment in which the innocence of children dies. They see death of a chick.




NHS Test and Trace

NHS Test and Trace is a government-funded service in England, established in 2020 to help stop the spread of COVID-19. It is part of the UK Health Security Agency.

My Street

My Street is a party video game released exclusively on PlayStation 2. Developed by Idol Minds, and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.

There are seven minigames are available in the game, and the gameplay is similiar to "Mario Party" series.

2021 FA Cup Final

The 2021 FA Cup Final was an association football match played between Chelsea and Leicester City at Wembley Stadium, London, England on 15 May 2021. It was the 140th final of English football's primary cup competition.

Youri Tielemans scored the game's only goal as four-time runners-up Leicester City won 1–0, claiming their first FA Cup title. As winners, Leicester City qualified for the 2021–22 UEFA Europa League group stage.

Island Xtreme Stunts

Island Xtreme Stunts is an action-adventure video game, and also except the sequels to "". Released on platforms PlayStaion 2, Game Boy Advance, and Microsoft Windows.

Gallop Racer 3: One and Only Road to Victory

Gallop Racer 3: One and Only Road to Victory or simply titled Gallop Racer 3 is an horse racing video game for Arcade, and later ported into PlayStation.

Gallop Racer 2001

Gallop Racer 2001, also known as Gallop Racer 5 in Japan, is an horse racing video game. This is the first debuted the "Gallop Racer" series for PlayStation 2.

2020–21 FA Cup

The 2020–21 FA Cup was the 140th edition of the oldest football tournament in the world, the Football Association Challenge Cup. It was sponsored by Emirates and known as the Emirates FA Cup for sponsorship purposes. The winner qualifies for the 2021–22 UEFA Europa League group stage.

Premier League side Arsenal were the defending champions, but were eliminated in the fourth round by Southampton.

Leicester City beat Chelsea 1–0 in the final to win their first FA Cup after being runners-up four times.

Ken Leung

Kenneth Leung (born January 21, 1970) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Sang in "Rush Hour", Miles Straume in "Lost", Admiral Statura in "" and Detective Stephen Sing in "Saw".

VC-137C SAM 26000

SAM 26000 was the first of two Boeing VC-137C United States Air Force aircraft specifically made and maintained for use by the President of the United States. It used the callsign "Air Force One" when the President was on board.

It entered service in 1962 during the administration of John F. Kennedy and was replaced in Presidential service in 1972 but kept as a backup. The aircraft was finally retired in 1998 and is now on display at the National Museum of the United States Air Force near Dayton, Ohio.

The aircraft was built at Boeing's Renton plant at a cost of $8 million. Raymond Loewy, working with President Kennedy, designed the blue and white color scheme showing the presidential seal that is still used today. 

The plane was the main use of transportation for three presidents: Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, and Richard Nixon during his first term. In 1972, during the Nixon administration, the plane was replaced by another 707, SAM 27000, although SAM 26000 was kept as a back-up plane until 1998.

Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth

Naval Air Station Fort Worth Joint Reserve Base (or NAS Fort Worth JRB) includes Carswell Field, a military airbase located west of the central business district of Fort Worth, in Tarrant County, Texas, United States. This military airfield is operated by the United States Navy Reserve. It is located in the cities of Fort Worth, Westworth Village, and White Settlement in the western part of the Fort Worth urban area.

Dallas Love Field

Dallas Love Field is a city-owned public airport northwest of downtown Dallas, Texas. It was Dallas's main airport until 1974, when Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport (DFW) opened. 

The airport is the headquarters and main hub for Southwest Airlines. Southwest flies almost all of the flights out of Dallas Love. 

ThunderCats

ThunderCats is an American media franchise, featuring a fictional group of cat-like humanoid aliens. The characters created by Tobin "Ted" Wolf.

Nellie Connally

Idanell Brill Connally (February 24, 1919 – September 1, 2006) was the First Lady of Texas from 1963 to 1969. She was the wife of John Connally, who was Governor of Texas and later as Secretary of the Treasury.

She and her husband were passengers in the Presidential limousine carrying United States President John F. Kennedy when he was assassinated in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963.

Dallas Market Center

Dallas Market Center is a 5 million square foot (460,000 m) wholesale trade center located in Dallas, Texas (USA), housing showrooms which sells consumer products including gifts, lighting, home décor, apparel, fashion accessories, shoes, tabletop/housewares, gourmet, floral, holiday, and more. 

It was also the destination of United States President John F. Kennedy's motorcade when he was assassinated in Dealey Plaza on November 22, 1963. The marketplace is closed to the public but open to retail buyers and interior designers.

Back-fire

A backfire or afterburn is combustion or an explosion caused by a running internal combustion engine that happens in the exhaust system, rather than inside the combustion chamber. When the flame moves backward it may also be called a "pop-back." A visible flame may shoot out of the exhaust pipe for a short while. A backfire is often a sign that the engine is improperly-tuned.

Clint Hill (Secret Service)

Clinton J. Hill (born January 4, 1932) is a former U.S. Secret Service agent who worked under five United States presidents, from Dwight D. Eisenhower to Gerald Ford. Hill is best known for his act of bravery while in the presidential motorcade on November 22, 1963 when United States President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas.

Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle (Washington, D.C.)

The Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle in Washington D.C., most commonly known as St. Matthew's Cathedral, is the seat of the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington. As St. Matthew's Cathedral and Rectory, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

The cathedral is in downtown Washington at 1725 Rhode Island Avenue NW between Connecticut Avenue and 17th Street. 

Evening Standard

The Evening Standard, formerly The Standard (1827–1904), also known as the London Evening Standard, is a local free daily newspaper in London, England, published Monday to Friday in tabloid format.

In October 2009, after being purchased by Russian businessman Alexander Lebedev, the paper ended a 180-year history of paid circulation and became a free newspaper. They doubling its circulation as part of a change in its business plan.

Theodore H. White

Theodore Harold White (May 6, 1915 – May 15, 1986) was an American political journalist and historian. He was known for his reporting from China during World War II and the "Making of the President" series. He worked for "Time Magazine" from wartime China in the 1940s. He was also known for being the first journalist to interview Jackie Kennedy after the assassination of her husband.

Randolph Churchill

Randolph Frederick Edward Spencer-Churchill (28 May 1911 – 6 June 1968) was a British journalist, writer, soldier and politician. He was Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Preston from 1940 to 1945.

He was the only son of Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill and his wife, Clementine.

Cartoon Network (Australian and New Zealand TV channel)

Cartoon Network is an American television channel. It broadcasts television programs that are suitable for young children. Most of the shows are animated cartoon series, but some live-action shows are also broadcast. However, at night Cartoon Network switches to Adult Swim which broadcasts programs for teens and adults instead.

Cartoon Network first launched in October 1, 1992 through cable and satellite television in the United States by Turner Broadcasting System (or TBS for short). In the early years, many of the shows featured on the channel were classic cartoons and Hanna-Barbera shows. TBS later launched Cartoon Network Studios to make flagship original shows specifically for Cartoon Network.

After successfully launching the channel in the United States, TBS decided to launch the channel in other countries. The Cartoon Network channels in other countries distributes Cartoon Network's original shows in different languages.




Space Chickens In Space

Space Chickens in Space is an Australian-Mexican-British-Irish animated television series created by José C. García de Letona and Rita Street. The series was produced by Ánima Estudios in Mexico, Studio Moshi in Australia, and distributed by Cake Entertainment, and was co-produced by the recent Dublin-based Gingerbread Animation and Disney EMEA.

Described as a "surreal sci-fi comedy series" by the directors in an Annecy announcement video, the series was created by José C. García de Letona and Rita Street. Jordan Goucher is the showrunner for the series, and it is directed and designed by Norwegian twins Tommy and Markus Vad Flaaten. It was developed by Scott Sonneborn, and Tommy and Markus Vad Flaaten, developed for television by Alan Keane and Shane Perez, and Tim Allsop and Stewart Williams developed the bible for Disney EMEA.

A trio of chickens—Chuck, Starley, and Finley—are taken from their home and mistakenly enrolled in an elite intergalactic former military academy. It would take all their strength, and teamwork, to survive every escapade they have.


Space Chickens in Space is fully animated in-house at Studio Moshi (Australia) using their bespoke hybrid Harmony animation pipeline, incorporating a mixture of hand-drawn and rigged high-quality animation. Studio Moshi provided animation direction, design (original production-ready characters and original world development), storyboard supervision & artwork, hand-crafted digital animation, visual FX.

The series premiered on 9Go! in Australia on September 30, 2018, on 2x2 in Russia on January 1, 2020, and had its Disney XD premiere in Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Germany, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Netherlands, United Kingdom, Italy and France on 19 November 2018.

Humor based on the September 11 attacks

Humor about the September 11 attacks (9/11) was made later after the attacks happened. Scholars have made studies about how people used humor to deal with the attacks. Researcher Bill Ellis found that jokes about 9/11 were starting to be made the day after the attacks. Giselinde Kuipers found jokes being made on websites a day later. In 2005, Kuipers found 850 jokes on the Internet about 9/11, Osama Bin Laden, and the War in Afghanistan. Comedian Gilbert Gottfried tried to make humor about 9/11 in a comedy roast. His crowd did not like it, with one saying "Too soon!"

"The Onion" (a humorous newspaper) did not publish their issue for September 11, 2001. They did not publish another issue until September 26, which was about 9/11. People who worked on it thought that it would be "The Onion"s last issue to be printed. However, most of the people who read the issue thought it was good and funny.

In 2002, Comedian Joan Rivers tried to joke about firefighters in 9/11. The International Association of Fire Fighters hated the joke and said "I am sorry that Ms. Rivers has chosen to find humor in our tragic and devastating loss."

In 2016, Comedian Billy Domineau made a spec script for "Seinfeld", which ended in 1998. The script was set days after 9/11 in New York. Domineau said he started the script to show "an exercise in bad taste" to a student in a class. The script shows how the characters of "Seinfeld" would do after the attacks: Jerry thinks that dust from the destroyed towers is hurting his food. Elaine must keep dating a 9/11 survivor. George makes people believe that he is a first responder and Kramer tries to get a box cutter back from one of the terrorists. "The Guardian" said that the script perfectly shows how "Seinfeld"s characters would deal with 9/11.

Jean Dujardin took out a joke about 9/11 in his movie "The Players". He hoped that this would make the movie more likely to win an Oscar Award. The joke shows a man secuding a women in an apartment in New York. An airplane can be seen hitting the World Trade Center behind them.

In "The Simpsons" episode "Moonshine River", Bart Simpson says to his father Homer that he would like New York better after two buildings he does not like have been destroyed. He then quickly says the old Penn Station and Shea Stadium.

The "Family Guy" episode "Back to the Pilot" was first broadcast on November 2011. In the episode, Brian and Stewie Griffin time travel to the past. Brian tells himself in the past about 9/11. This makes him in the past stop the attacks and becomes known as a hero. However, this causes George W. Bush not to be elected as the President of the United States again. Bush starts a civil war that causes nuclear war. Brian and Stewie must go back to the past to stop the civil war. When they stop it from happening, they high five. Stewie says that it would look bad "out of context" (taking away the context to change its meaning). "Time" thought that the episode was made "too soon" but said ""Family Guy" viewers live for 'too soon' moments, no matter how sensitive the material." "Entertainment Weekly" also thought that "Family Guy" had "finally gone too far" (go over a limit) and "Deadline" said that it went "past the Fox standards and practices".

In the episode "Back to the Woods", Peter Griffin commits identity theft on James Woods. He goes to the "Late Show with David Letterman" pretending to be James Woods and talks about a movie that parodies 9/11.

In 2016, Miracle Mattress (a mattress store in San Antonio) made a commercial with a 9/11 theme to sell mattresses. The commercial shows the store owner's daughter and two other men. In the commercial, she says "What better way to remember 9/11 than with a Twin Towers sale?" Two tall mattresses are behind the men to look similar to the twin towers. She says "Right now you can get any size mattress for a twin price!" The two men fall on the mattresses and make both of them fall. She screams and says "We'll never forget".

The commercial made many people write angry messages to the store on their Facebook page. Mike Bonanno (the owner of the store) said that he did not know about the commercial until it was first shown to people. He made an apology on Facebook and closed the store down. Miracle Mattress was given negative reviews on Google and Yelp. The store opened again a week later.

Many people have used internet memes to tell jokes about 9/11. Many memes joke about 9/11 conspiracy theories with phrases such as "Bush did 9/11" and "jet fuel can't melt steel beams".

W. Averell Harriman

William Averell Harriman (November 15, 1891July 26, 1986), better known as Averell Harriman, was an American Democratic politician, businessman, and diplomat. He was the Secretary of Commerce under President Harry S. Truman, and later as the 48th Governor of New York. He was a candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1952 and 1956.


1040 Fifth Avenue

1040 Fifth Avenue (informally known as the 10 40) is a luxury residential housing cooperative in the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City.

1040 is one of the tallest of the limestone-clad apartment houses on Fifth Avenue. 

The building was erected in 1930 and was designed by Rosario Candela.

In addition to Jackie Kennedy, Generoso Pope was the second notable resident who lived in the apartment building.

David Ormsby-Gore, 5th Baron Harlech

William David Ormsby-Gore, 5th Baron Harlech (20 May 1918 – 26 January 1985), known as David Ormsby-Gore until June 1961 and as Sir David Ormsby-Gore from then until February 1964, was a British diplomat and Conservative politician. From 1950 until 1961, he was a member of the Member of Parliament. 

He died in a car crash in 1985. Senator Edward Kennedy, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and other Kennedy family members attended his funeral in Llanfihangel-y-traethau.

USS John F. Kennedy (CV-67)

USS "John F. Kennedy" (CV-67) (formerly CVA-67) is the only ship of her class and the last conventionally powered carrier built for the United States Navy. The ship was named after the 35th President of the United States, John F. Kennedy, and was nicknamed "Big John".

After nearly 40 years of service in the United States Navy, "John F. Kennedy" was officially decommissioned on 1 August 2007. She is currently at the NAVSEA Inactive Ships On-site Maintenance facility in Philadelphia. 

Skorpios

Skorpios or Scorpios (, ) is a private island in the Ionian Sea off the western coast of Greece and just to the east of the island of Lefkada. 

The island, spanning 83.2 hectares (205 acres), is irregularly shaped, with main axes about 1500 meters and 1000 meters. The island water comes from a mountain from a nearby island which is estimated to cost about 100 million euros.

Christina O

Christina O is a private motor yacht that once belonged to billionaire Greek shipowner Aristotle Onassis. At 99.13 metres long, she was the 45th largest yacht in the world as of 2018. 

Alexander Onassis

Alexander Socrates Onassis (; April 30, 1948January 23, 1973) was an American-born Greek businessman. He was the son of the Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis and his first wife Tina Livanos. He and his sister Christina Onassis were upset by his father's marriage to Jacqueline Kennedy.

He was the head of Olympic Aviation, a Greek airline owned by his father. Onassis died in hospital as a result of injuries from an airplane crash at Hellinikon International Airport at the age of 24. 

Black Southerners

Black Southerners are African Americans who live in the Southern United States. African Americans were enslaved in most states in the South such as Alabama and Mississippi. African Americans have contributed to the cuisine of the Southern United States and Southern culture.

John Leonard (critic)

John Leonard (February 25, 1939 – November 5, 2008) was an American literary, television, film, and cultural critic. He worked for "Life" and "The New York Times". He wrote under the pen name of Cyclops.

Shall We Tell the President?

Shall We Tell the President? is a 1977 novel by English author Jeffrey Archer. A revised edition was published in 1986.

In the first edition, a plot to kill the President of the United States, Edward Kennedy, is stopped by Federal Bureau of Investigation agent Mark Andrews working with the head of the FBI. 

The U.S. edition of the novel was published by Viking Press, where Kennedy's sister-in-law Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis was then a consulting editor. Although Kennedy Onassis was not involved in editing "Shall We Tell the President?", she was criticized for not trying to stop her employer from publishing a novel about an assassination plot against a member of the Kennedy family. She resigned from Viking Press shortly after the publication.

Larry Gonick

Larry Gonick (born August 24, 1946) is an American cartoonist. He is best known for "The Cartoon History of the Universe", a history of the world in comic book form, which he published from 1977 to 2009. He has also written "The Cartoon History of the United States". 

Gonick was born in San Francisco, California. He studied mathematics at Harvard University, receiving his bachelor's degree in 1967 and his master's degree in 1969.

B. L. Patil

Balkrishna Limbaji Patil, better known as B. L. Patil was an Indian politician. He was from the state of Maharashtra. He was a member of Maharashtra's Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Khalapur Vidhan Sabha constituency from 1972 to 1979. He was also a Minister of state from 1978 to 1980. He was a member of the Nationalist Congress Party.

The Cartoon History of the Universe

The Cartoon History of the Universe is a book series about the history of the world. It is written and illustrated by American cartoonist, professor, and mathematician Larry Gonick, who started the project in 1978. Each book explains a period of world history in a loosely chronological order. The final volume covers history from the late 18th century to early 2008. The final two volumes, published in 2007 and 2009, are named "The Cartoon History of the Modern World" volumes one and two. 

COVID-19 pandemic in Africa

The first case of COVID-19 in Africa was reported in Egypt on February 14, 2020.

Cairo Trilogy

The Cairo Trilogy ( 'The Trilogy' or 'The Cairo Trilogy') is a trilogy of novels written by the Egyptian novelist and Nobel Prize winner Naguib Mahfouz. It is one of the best known works of his literary career.

The "Cairo Trilogy" was first translated into Hebrew between 1981 and 1987. Mahfouz was very satisfied by this and saw it as another proof that the Israeli-Egyptian peace treaty of 1979 should be supported. The English translation was published by Doubleday in the early 1990s. The translators were:

The translation was overseen by Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, an editor at Doubleday at the time, and Martha Levin.

COVID-19 pandemic in Eritrea

The COVID-19 pandemic in Eritrea is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ().

On 21 March, the first case in Eritrea was confirmed in Asmara.

Eritrea has confirmed only 11 reported death, told by locals that the 11 are relatives in one way or another. Except from the 4.

Isaias Afwerki, His excellency Dictator of Eritrea, refuses to make essential rules to help prevent any more deaths as they cases seem to continue growing. From March 2021 to January 2022, only 11 deaths from COVID 19 Pandmeic have been confirmed.
Gelsey Kirkland

Gelsey Kirkland (born December 29, 1952) is an American ballerina. She was born in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.

Kirkland joined the New York City Ballet in 1968 at age 15. She was promoted to soloist in 1969, and principal in 1972. She went on to create leading roles in many of the great twentieth century ballets by Balanchine, Jerome Robbins, and Antony Tudor. She appeared in Balanchine's revival of "The Firebird", Robbins' "Goldberg Variations", and Tudor's "The Leaves are Fading". She left the New York City Ballet to join the American Ballet Theatre in 1974.

She is best known for dancing the role of Clara Stahlbaum in Baryshnikov's 1977 televised production of "The Nutcracker". She left the American Ballet Theatre in 1984.

Diana Vreeland

Diana Vreeland (September 29, 1903 – August 22, 1989) was a French-American columnist and editor. She worked for the fashion magazines "Harper's Bazaar" and "Vogue", being the editor-in-chief of "Vogue". She was a special consultant at the Costume Institute of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

Olana State Historic Site

Olana State Historic Site is a historic house museum and property in Greenport, New York, near the city of Hudson. The estate was home to Frederic Edwin Church (1826–1900). Olana is an eclectic villa which overlooks parkland and a working farm designed by the artist. The residence has a wide view of the Hudson River Valley, the Catskill Mountains and the Taconic Range

COVID-19 pandemic in Georgia (U.S. state)

The COVID-19 pandemic was first detected in the U.S. state of Georgia on March 2, 2020. 

Frederic Edwin Church

Frederic Edwin Church (May 4, 1826 – April 7, 1900) was an American landscape painter. He was a well known figure in the Hudson River School of American landscape painters. He was best known for painting large landscapes. His best known works were "Niagara" and "The Heart of the Andes".


Ron Galella

Ronald Edward Galella (January 10, 1931 – April 30, 2022) was an American photographer. He was thought to have been the first paparazzo. He was called "the Godfather of the U.S. paparazzi culture" by "Time" magazine and "Vanity Fair". He was seen by "Harper's Bazaar" as "arguably the most controversial paparazzo of all time".

During his career, Galella took more than three million photographs of public figures.

Galella died on April 30, 2022 in Montville, New Jersey from congestive heart failure at the age of 91.

Fox hunting

Fox hunting is an activity involving the tracking, chase and, if caught, the killing of a fox, traditionally a red fox, by trained foxhounds or other scent hounds. A group of unarmed followers, led by a "master of foxhounds" ("master of hounds"), follow the hounds on foot or on horseback.

NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital

The NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital is a nonprofit academic medical center in New York City involved with medical schools: Columbia University Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons and Weill Cornell Medicine. It is made of two distinct medical centers, Columbia University Irving Medical Center and Weill Cornell Medical Center. 

As of 2021, the hospital was ranked as the 7th best hospital in the United States and 1st in the New York City metropolitan area by "U.S. News & World Report". The hospital has around 20,000 employees and 2,678 beds in total, and is one of the largest hospitals in the world.

Municipal Art Society

The Municipal Art Society of New York (MAS) is a non-profit membership organization for preservation in New York City. It hopes encourage thoughtful planning and urban design and neighborhoods across the city.

The organization was founded in 1893. In January 2010, MAS relocated from its longtime home in the historic Villard Houses on 457 Madison Avenue to the Steinway Hall on West 57th Street. 

In July 2014, MAS moved into the Look Building at 488 Madison Avenue, across the street from its former Villard home.

Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis High School for International Careers

The Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis High School for International Careers, located at 120 West 46th Street in the Times Square neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. It was created in the 1970s in lower Manhattan. Its original goal was to offer young women a business education, then not available to female students, however it is now co-ed. The school was renamed in honor of former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis in 1995, a year after her death.

Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Reservoir

The Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Reservoir, also known as Central Park Reservoir, is a decommissioned reservoir in Central Park in the borough of Manhattan, New York City, stretching from 86th to 96th Streets. It covers and holds over of water.

The Central Park Reservoir was renamed in honor of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis in 1994 to honor her contributions to the city, and because she lived nearby.

Gallup (company)

Gallup, Inc. is an American analytics and advisory company based in Washington, D.C. Founded by George Gallup in 1935, the company became known for its public opinion polls conducted worldwide.

Jackie (2016 movie)

Jackie is a 2016 biographical drama movie directed by Pablo Larraín and written by Noah Oppenheim. The movie stars Natalie Portman as Jacqueline Kennedy. Peter Sarsgaard, Greta Gerwig, Billy Crudup, and John Hurt also star. 
This film portrays the life of Jacqueline Kennedy, the iconic First Lady of the United States during John F. Kennedy's presidency. The movie highlights Jackie's significant contributions to American culture and diplomacy, showcasing her efforts to restore the White House and preserve historical artifacts. It also emphasizes her grace and strength in the aftermath of JFK's assassination. Through her poised public appearances and candid private moments, "Jackie" illuminates the enduring impact of Jacqueline Kennedy's cultural contributions and celebrates her strength in the face of tragedy.

The movie was released in the United States on December 2, 2016, by Fox Searchlight Pictures to positive reviews. It three Academy Award nominations: Best Actress (for Portman), Best Original Score, and Best Costume Design.

Jamaican dollar

The Jamaican Dollar, is the official currency of Jamaica. It has been the currency of Jamaica since 1969. Like a lot of other countries, Jamaica also uses the cent as the subdivision.

One United States Dollar is worth 150.32 Jamaican Dollars as of May 18, 2021. The symbol of the Jamaican Dollar is $, but they also use J$ to distinguish it from others, so people know which currency they are talking about.

The banknotes of Jamaica are the J$50, J$100, J$500, and the J$1000.

The coins of Jamaica are the 25c, J$1, J$5, J$10 and the J$20 but since 2018 the cent coins aren't used anymore.

Franco Battiato

Francesco "Franco" Battiato (; 23 March 1945 – 18 May 2021) was an Italian singer-songwriter, composer and filmmaker. He sometimes performed under the pseudonym Süphan Barzani. Battiato's songs had esoteric, philosophical and religious themes. He performed under many genres such as experimental pop, electronic music, progressive rock, and new wave.

Battiato died on 18 May 2021 in Milo, Italy at the age of 76.


Kingdom of Sicily

The Kingdom of Sicily was a kingdom that existed in southern Italian Peninsula, what is now Sicily, Calabria, Basilicata, Apulia, Campania, and Molise.

The Kingdom of Sicily succeeded the County of Sicily which was created in 1071 during the Norman conquest of the peninsula. 

In 1282, there was a revolt against the Angevin rule, it threw off Charles of Anjou's rule of Sicily. The Angevins are able to maintain control in the main part of the kingdom which became commonly known as the Kingdom of Naples, named after its capital, Naples.

From 1282 to 1409, Sicily was ruled by the Crown of Aragon. After 1302, the island kingdom was sometimes called the "Kingdom of Trinacria", In 1816, the Kingdom of Sicily merged with the Kingdom of Naples to form the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies.

In 1861, the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies was invaded and conquered by an Expedition Corp (Expedition of the Thousand) led by Giuseppe Garibaldi during the Italian unification. After a referendum, Two Sicilies was annexed by the Kingdom of Sardinia. Later, with several other northern city-states and duchies, formed the new Kingdom of Italy.

Manuel Blanco Encalada

Manuel José Blanco y Calvo de Encalada (April 21, 1790 – September 5, 1876) was a vice-admiral in the Chilean Navy. He later became a political figure, and the first President of the provisional government of Chile in 1826.

Colette (2013 movie)

Colette, also released under the name of Prisoner of Auschwitz, is a 2013 Slovakian Czech Dutch World War II biographical drama movie directed by Milan Cieslar and starring Andrej Hryc, Eric Bouwer, Jirí Mádl, Jan Cina, Zuzana Mauréry.

Kepler-16b

Kepler-16b is a planet outside our solar system. It orbits the Kepler-16A and Kepler-16B stars away from Earth. Bill Borucki discovered it in 2011. It is in diameter. It has a surface temperature of . It has a orbital period of 228.8 days, similar to Venus. It has a orbital radius of .

Dendropsophus delarivai

Dendropsophus delarivai is a frog that lives in Peru. Scientists have seen this between 500 and 1500 meters above sea level.

Main Tera Hero

Main Tera Hero () is a 2014 Indian Hindi-language action romantic comedy movie, directed by David Dhawan and produced by Shobha Kapoor and Ekta Kapoor under the Balaji Motion Pictures banner. The movie stars Nargis Fakhri, Varun Dhawan and Ileana D'Cruz. The movie released on 4 April 2014 to mixed reviews from critics, though it became a box office success.


David Dhawan

David Dhawan (born Rajinder Dhawan; 16 August 1955) is an Indian film director who works in Hindi films. He is the father of Bollywood actor Varun Dhawan. He is best known for directing several successful films, including "Swarg" (1990), "Shola Aur Shabnam" (1992), "Saajan Chale Sasural" (1996), "Judwaa" (1997), "Bade Miyan Chote Miyan" (1998), "Dulhan Hum Le Jayenge" (2000), "Mujhse Shaadi Karogi" (2004), "Partner" (2007), "Chashme Baddoor" (2013), "Main Tera Hero" (2014) and "Judwaa 2" (2017). The 1993 action thriller "Aankhen" and 1999 comedy "Biwi No.1" earned him the Filmfare Award for Best Director nominations.
Happy New Year (2014 movie)

Happy New Year (sometimes abbreviated as HNY) is a 2014 Indian Hindi-language action comedy film directed by Farah Khan and produced by Gauri Khan under the banner of Red Chillies Entertainment. The film features an ensemble cast of Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Abhishek Bachchan, Sonu Sood, Boman Irani, Vivaan Shah and Jackie Shroff. It was distributed worldwide by Yash Raj Films. The film marked the third collaboration of Khan with the director; they previously worked on "Main Hoon Na" (2004) and "Om Shanti Om" (2007), the latter of which also featured Padukone as the female lead.

"Happy New Year" was released on October 24, 2014, during Diwali with dubbed versions in Tamil and Telugu and it was the biggest film release in India up until then. The film received mixed reviews and became a blockbuster grossing in India on its first day, setting the record for the highest first-day collection made by an Indian film to that point, and over worldwide, and it became the second highest-grossing Bollywood film of 2014 and among the highest-grossing Bollywood films of all time.

A gang of amateur dancers takes part in a dancing competition to avenge their personal vendetta.


Filet Mignon

Filet Mignon (French:"Fine fillet") is a type of meat. It is cut from the small end of the tenderloin. It can also refer to a part of the pork tenderloin.

It is very expensive due to the small size of the cut.

In France, filet mignon is referred to pork. There are different terms of the cut in other countries. E.g. filet de bœuf in French, fillet steak in the UK, filéstek in Swedish, filetsteak in German, filete in Spanish, filé mignon in Portuguese, filee steik in Estonian, and filetbiff in Norwegian. 

In the U.S., both the central and large end of the beef tenderloin are often sold as "filet mignon" in supermarkets and restaurants. The French terms for these cuts are "tournedos" (the smaller central portion), "châteaubriand" (the larger central portion), and "biftek" (cut from the large end known as the "tête de filet" (lit. "head of filet") in French).

Like most steaks, the Filet Mignon can be cooked with different methods.

Yaariyan (2014 movie)

Yaariyan () is a 2014 Indian Hindi-language coming-of-age romance film directed by Divya Khosla Kumar, and stars Himansh Kohli, Rakul Preet Singh and Nicole Faria. It marked the debut of the director as well as the leads. The film was produced by Bhushan Kumar and Krishan Kumar under the banner of T-Series Super Cassettes Industries.

The film released on 10 January 2014 with 1200 screens release in India. The film received negative reviews from critics but was a box office success grossing ₹550 million against its ₹100 million budget.


Strip steak

The strip steak is a type of meat cut from the short loin. It is a bit tender since it doesn't do that much work.

The steak is sold in the United States under a lot of names names, including "Ambassador Steak", "Boneless Club Steak", "Hotel-Style Steak", "Kansas City Steak", "New York Steak", "Top Loin", and "Veiny Steak".

In New Zealand and Australia, it is known as "Porterhouse" and "Sirloin" (striploin steak) and can be found in the "Handbook of Australian Meat" under codes 2140 to 2143.

In the UK and Ireland it is called "sirloin".

In Canada, most meat sellers refer to this cut as a "strip loin"; in French it is known as "contre-filet".

Delmonico's Restaurant, an operation opened in New York City in 1827, sold as one of its signature dishes a cut from the short loin called a "Delmonico steak". Due to its association with the city, it is often called a "New York strip steak".

Like most steaks, the Strip steak can be cooked with different methods.

Flank steak

The flank steak is a type of meat cut from the abdomen or lower chest. It is a lean steak cut.

A long and flat cut, flank steak is used in a lot of dishes including the London broil and as an alternative to the traditional skirt steak in "fajitas". The Grain (meat fibre) is seen in flank steaks, as it comes from a very-worked part of the cow, and many chefs cut across the grain to make the meat more tender. It is frequently used in Asian cuisine, often sold in Chinese markets as "stir-fry beef", and is served in French cuisine as an at most medium-rare steak. Flank is also used for steak jerky.

The cut is common in Colombia, where it's known as "sobrebarriga" ("over the belly").

Like most steaks, the Flank steak can be cooked with different methods.

Avocado oil

Avocado oil is a type of oil pressed out of the pulp of avocados. It can be used raw, or in cooking at a high heat. It is a source of monounsaturated fats.

A study from the University of California, Davis in 2020 found that a majority of avocado oil sold in the US is either spoiled before its expiration date or is spoiled with other oils. In some cases, the researchers found that bottles labeled as “pure” or “extra virgin” avocado oil is soybean oil.

D♭ (musical note)

D (also called a re bémol) is the first note of the D♭ major scale.


U.S. Route 425

U.S. Route 425 (US 425) is a north–south United States highway in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Louisiana, and Arkansas. Its north end is Pine Bluff, Arkansas, and its south end is Natchez, Mississippi.

Suleiman Abba

Suleiman Abba (born 22 March 1959) is a retired Nigerian police officer who served as the 17th Inspector General of Nigerian Police.

Abba holds bachelor's degree of art (B.A degree in history) from University of Jos.

He began his career with Nigerian police and rose through ranks to become AIG. Held numerous positions such as Commissioner of Police in Lagos and Rivers States, Assistant Inspector-General of Police in charge of Zone 7 Abuja and Aide-De-Camp (ADC) to Maryam Abacha.

Ahmed Makarfi

Ahmed Mohammed Makarfi (born 8 August 1956), is a Nigerian politician and the former Chairman of the People's Democratic Party. He was the two times governor of Kaduna state and one time senator.

Makarfi was born in Makarfi Local Government Area of Kaduna State. He went to Federal Government College Enugu. Makarfi was admitted to the School of Basic Studies at Ahmadu Bello University in Zaria where he obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting. He also holds masters degree in accounting and finance in Ahmadu Bello University. He was a part-time Lecturer in the Department of Accounting.

Makarfi began his career at the Nigeria Universal Bank, where he rose to the rank of Assistant General Manager. He was appointed as Commissioner of Finance and Economic. Makarfi was elected as the executive governor of Kaduna State in 1999 and also won a second four-year term in 2003. He was elected as a Senator representing Kaduna North Senatorial District. In 2016, Makarfi was appointed PDP national Chairman at a Convention held in Port Harcourt and later resigned after 2019 primary election. 

Umar Farouk Ahmed

Umar Farouk Ahmed was Military Administrator of Cross River State, Nigeria,during the military regime of General Sani Abacha. He was then appointed administrator of Kaduna State (governor) in August during the transitional regime of General Abdulsalami Abubakar, handing over power to the elected civilian governor Ahmed Mohammed Makarfi.

The Man from G.R.A.M.P.A.

"The Man from G.R.A.M.P.A." is the 21st episode of "The Simpsons" 32nd season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on May 16, 2021. It was written by Carolyn Omine and Michael Polcino is the director of the episode. 

Terrance (a spy from the MI5) is looking for a Russian spy who is known as "The Grey Fox". He learns that The Grey Fox is in a town in America with a nuclear power plant. He goes to Springfield and starts to think that Grampa Simpson is the Russian spy. Terrance talks to Grampa's son Homer about what he thinks of Grampa. Homer wants to help Terrance with finding the spy. They go to a beach and find Grampa taking a cane. Grampa is given an envelope from two men who look like Russians. Terrance later kidnaps Homer and Grampa. Chief Wiggum follows Terrance's car with Marge and arrests him. Grampa makes Terrance feel better by pretending to be The Grey Fox.

Tony Sokol from Den of Geek thought the references to British spy movies were not strong enough. Sokol also thought the humor was not strong, but he called the episode clever. Jesse Bereta from Bubbleblabber thought that the episode was not too exciting, saying "it is more about convincing Homer that his father is a spy more than any actual spy work." However, Bereta said "it was a fun episode that tried something different."

9Go!

9Go! is an Australian free-to-air digital television multichannel. It was launched by the Nine Network on 9 August 2009. The channel offers a mix of comedy, reality, general entertainment, movies, animation and drama for children between the ages of 4 to 18.

Negro leagues

The Negro Leagues were baseball leagues for African Americans. These leagues started in the 1880s because African Americans were not allowed into the major leagues. Some of the best players in the Negro Leagues were Satchel Paige, Oscar Charleston, Josh Gibson, and John Henry Lloyd. In 1945 Jackie Robinson was the first African American to join the major leagues in the 20th century. By the 1960s the Negro Leagues had broken up. 

Curlew

The curlew is Numenius, a bird with a long downcurved bill (beak). With its beak the bird probes mudflats for food. 

In pre-modern times the world had many more mudflats than it does today. Many have been eliminated by draining so as to give more land for farming. So, in England, the places suitable for the bird were in river estuaries and low-lying land. Originally, southern England had wide areas of mudflats suitable for the bird.

What changed was the draining of the "levels" to make for better farming. In England areas in East Anglia, Kent and Somerset were all drained and made productive farmland. A similar process happened in many countries. The consequence is that the curlews' numbers have dropped and the bird has become rare in places where it was once common.

Broadly speaking, curlews are waders, as are the godwits which look similar but have straight bills.

Most curlews migrate and so one or more species occur at different times of the year in Europe, Ireland, Britain, Iberia, Iceland, Africa, Southeast Asia, Siberia, North America, South America and Australasia. There are nine species of curlew.

Dalhatu Tafida

Dalhatu Sarki Tafida (born 24 November 1940) was a Minister of Health during the administration of Alhaji Shehu Shagari. He was the Senator of the Kaduna North constituency of Kaduna State.

Tafida holds a bachelor's degree in medicine and a bachelor's of surgery from the University of Lagos. He also received a Postgraduate Diploma in Public Health from the University of Liverpool, United Kingdom.

National Republican Convention

National Republican Convention was a Nigerian political party started by the former head of state General Ibrahim Babangida.

Babangida made to the party for Nigerians who like conservative politics. The party did well in the core northern states and eastern states of Abia and Enugu. Still, some people felt the National Republican Convention was almost the same as the other party. These two parties joined together to become Nigeria's Social Democratic Party and another government-created party.

List of cities in Kenya

This is a list of cities and towns in Kenya.




Leader of the New Zealand Labour Party

The leader of the Labour Party is the highest ranked politician within the New Zealand Labour Party. He or she serves as the parliamentary leader and leading spokesperson of the party. 

Since 22 January 2023, the office has been held by Chris Hipkins, who is the Member of Parliament for Remutaka.

Kelvin Davis (politician)

Kelvin Glen Davis (born 2 March 1967) is a New Zealand politician and a member of the House of Representatives. He has been Deputy Leader of the Labour Party since 1 August 2017.

Andrew Little (New Zealand politician)

Andrew James Little (born 7 May 1965) is a New Zealand politician. He is the Minister of Health and Minister for Treaty of Waitangi Negotiations. He is also the Minister for the Government Communications Security Bureau and the New Zealand Security Intelligence Service. 

Little was Leader of the Opposition from 2014 to 2017.

Deputy Leader of the New Zealand Labour Party

The deputy leader of the Labour Party is the second-most senior politician within the Labour Party in New Zealand. The officeholder represents leader of the Labour Party at party-specific events. 

In all cases where the leadership is vacant, the deputy leader can be acting leader until a new leadership election. 

Kelvin Davis is the current Deputy Leader, elected on 1 August 2017.

Annette King

Dame Annette Faye King (née Robinson, born 13 September 1947) is a former New Zealand politician. She is the Deputy Leader of the New Zealand Labour Party and Deputy Leader of the Opposition from 2008 to 2011, and from 2014 until 1 March 2017. 

Mount Albert (New Zealand electorate)

Mount Albert (abbreviated as Mt Albert) is a parliamentary electorate that represents the suburb of Mount Albert in Auckland, New Zealand. It has elected only Labour Party MPs since it was first created at the 1946 election. 

The incumbent MP is Jacinda Ardern, currently serving as Prime Minister of New Zealand, who was first elected in a 2017 by-election. 

The electorate was represented by David Shearer from 13 June 2009 to 31 December 2016; it was represented by Helen Clark from the 1981 general election until her resignation from Parliament on 17 April 2009.

David Shearer

David James Shearer (born 28 July 1957) is a New Zealand United Nations worker and politician. He was a member of the New Zealand Parliament for the Labour Party from 2009 to 2016. He was Leader of the Opposition from 2011 to 2013.

Shearer resigned from Parliament in December 2016 and is in charge of the United Nations peace keeping mission in South Sudan.

List MP

A list MP is a member of parliament (MP) elected from a party list rather than from by a geographical constituency. The place in Parliament is because of the number of votes that the party won, not to votes received by the MP personally. This happens only in countries which have an electoral system based wholly or partly on party-list proportional representation.

Raymond Huo

Raymond Huo (; born 1964) is a New Zealand politician who was a Member of Parliament from 2008 to 2014 and from 2017 to 2020. He was first elected in 2008 as the New Zealand Labour Party's first MP of Chinese descent. 

He was the third Chinese New Zealander to enter Parliament. Huo announced in July 2020 that he would not be running in the 2020 election.

Clarke Gayford

Clarke Timothy Gayford (born 24 October 1976) is a New Zealand radio and television broadcaster. He was a presenter of the fishing documentary show "Fish of the Day". He is the fiancé of former New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern.

Ross Ardern

David Ross Ardern (born 28 February 1954) is a New Zealand diplomat and former police officer. He is currently the Administrator of Tokelau. He was the High Commissioner of New Zealand to Niue from 2014 to 2018, and as Niue's police commissioner from 2005 to 2009.

Ardern is the father of the Prime Minister, Jacinda Ardern.

Premier House

Premier House () is the official residence of the Prime Minister of New Zealand, located at 260 Tinakori Road, Thorndon, Wellington, New Zealand.

A private house bought for the prime minister's official residence when government moved its base to Wellington in 1865.

It was leased to private individuals for six years in the late 1890s then returned to use as an official residence for the prime minister until the Great Depression when a new government in 1935 wished to avoid "show". It was renovated and recommissioned as Premier House in 1990.


University of Waikato

The University of Waikato (), informally Waikato University, is a university in Hamilton, New Zealand. The university was created in 1964. It has another campus in Tauranga.

Morrinsville

Morrinsville is a provincial town in the Waikato region of New Zealand's North Island, with a population of 7,000 in the 2013 Census The town is located at the northern base of the Pakaroa Range, and on the south-western fringe of the Hauraki Plains. Morrinsville is around 33 kilometres east of Hamilton.

Murupara

Murupara is a town located in the Whakatāne District and Bay of Plenty Region of New Zealand's North Island. The town is located in an isolated part of the region between the Kaingaroa Forest and Te Urewera protected area, on the banks of the Rangitaiki River, 65 kilometres southeast of Rotorua.

Cabinet Office

The Cabinet Office (CO) supports the Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister, and ensures the effective running of government. The Cabinet Office is also the corporate headquarters for government, in partnership with HM Treasury, and takes the lead in certain critical policy areas.

The Cabinet Office is a department of the Government of the United Kingdom works for supporting the prime minister and Cabinet of the United Kingdom. It is made of many units that support Cabinet committees. Staff working in the Prime Minister's Office are part of the Cabinet Office.

International Union of Socialist Youth

The International Union of Socialist Youth (IUSY) is an international organization which was founded in 1907. Their activities include publications, support of member organizations and the organization of meetings. It was formed as the youth wing of the Second International. 

2008 New Zealand general election

The 2008 New Zealand general election was held on 8 November 2008. The liberal-conservative National Party, headed by its parliamentary leader John Key, won the largest share of votes and seats, ending nine years of government by the social-democratic Labour Party, led by Helen Clark. This marked the beginning of the Fifth National Government which governed for the next nine years, until the 2017 general election, when a government was formed between the Labour and New Zealand First parties.

The Chief Electoral Officer released the official results on 22 November 2008.

New Zealand electorates

An electorate or electoral district () is a geographical constituency used for electing members (MPs) to the New Zealand Parliament. The size of electorates depends on that all electorates have about the same population.

The 72 electorates are made up from 65 general and seven Māori electorates. The number of electorates increases with national population growth; the number was increased from 71 to 72 starting at the 2020 general election.

Below is a list of current general and Māori electorates.

2017 Mount Albert by-election

The 2017 Mount Albert by-election was a New Zealand by-election held in the Mount Albert electorate on 25 February 2017 during the 51st New Zealand Parliament. 

The seat was vacated after the resignation of David Shearer, a former Leader of the New Zealand Labour Party.

No all right and centre-right parties ran, and turnout was low. The electorate was won by Labour Party list MP Jacinda Ardern by a large margin. Another Labour member, Raymond Huo, filled Ardern's list seat.

Julie Anne Genter

Julie Anne Genter (; born 17 December 1979) is an American-born New Zealand politician. She is a member of the House of Representatives representing the Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand. She was the Minister for Women, Associate Minister for Health and Associate Minister for Transport during the first term of Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern.

She holds dual citizenship of New Zealand and the United States.

New Zealand First

New Zealand First (), commonly abbreviated to NZ First, is a nationalist and populist political party in New Zealand. The party formed in July 1993 following the resignation on 19 March 1993 of its leader and founder, Winston Peters.

It has formed coalition governments with both major political parties in New Zealand: first with the National Party from 1996 to 1998 and then with the Labour Party from 2005 to 2008 and from 2017 to 2020, and then again with the National Party from 2023 to 2027. 

Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand

The Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand (), commonly known as the Greens, is a green and left-wing political party in New Zealand. They support ecological wisdom, social justice, grassroots democracy, and nonviolence. The party's ideology are environmentalism with left-wing and social-democratic economic policies. 


New Zealand property bubble

The property bubble in New Zealand is a major national economic and social issue. Since the early 1990s, house prices in New Zealand have risen faster than incomes. It has put pressure on public housing providers as fewer households have access to housing on the private market. The property bubble has caused large impacts on inequality in New Zealand, which now has one of the highest homelessness rate in the OECD and a record-high waiting list for public housing. 

Child poverty

Child poverty is when children are living in poverty and are children from poor families or orphans being raised with limited state resources. In developing countries, these standards are low and, when combined with the increased number of orphans, the effects are more extreme.

UNICEF made a study: According to this study, child poverty increased in 17 of the 24 OECD countries, between 1995 and 2005. In the other seven countries it decreased. Six of the seven countries where it decreased had a high level of child poverty. The only exception to this is Norway, where child poverty has been decresing for a long time. 

The biggest increase was in Poland (+4.3%), Luxembourg (+4.1%) and the Czech Republic (also +4.1%). The biggest decrease was in England (-3.1%), the United States (-2.8%) and Norway (-1.8%).

In these states, a child is defined as "poor" if the family income is less than a cetain percentage of the median income of a family for that county. 

Absolute poverty is the most severe form of povery. People in that category don't have enough money to conver the basic human needs, such as safe drinking water, sanitation, health, and shelter. 

Children affected by poverty face a number of problems:


An estimated 385 million children live in extreme poverty. According to the UNICEF:

Social inequality

Social inequality happens when resources in a society are given out unevenly. This can be because of gender, sexuality, race, income, legal status, social status and education level. Social inequality usually talks about the lack of equality of outcome and the lack of equality of access to opportunity. The social rights include labor market, the source of income, health care, and freedom of speech, education, political representation, and participation. 


TUDN (TV network)

TUDN (formerly Univision Deportes) is a sports programming division of Univision, a Spanish-language broadcast television network owned by Univision Communications.

Public relations

Public relations (PR) is the practice of deliberately managing the release and spread of information between an individual or an organization and the public in order to affect the public views.

Harry Duynhoven

Harry James Duynhoven (born 1955) is a New Zealand politician and member of the New Zealand Labour Party. He was the mayor of the city of New Plymouth from 2010 until 2013. He was a Member of Parliament for the New Plymouth electorate from 1987–1990, from 1993–2003, and again from 2003–2008.

Duynhoven was elected as Mayor of New Plymouth in October 2010.

1999 New Zealand general election

The 1999 New Zealand general election was held on 27 November 1999. The governing National Party, led by Prime Minister Jenny Shipley, was defeated, being replaced by a coalition of Helen Clark's Labour Party and the smaller Alliance.

New Zealand Young Labour

Young Labour () is the youth wing and student wing of the New Zealand Labour Party. It hosts an annual conference and many national events, includingsessions at the Labour Party's annual conference. All Labour Party members aged 15 to 30 years old are members of Young Labour.

Waikato (New Zealand electorate)

Waikato is an electorate in the New Zealand Parliament. A Waikato electorate was first created in 1871 and an electorate by this name has existed from 1871 to 1963, 1969 to 1996, and 2008 to the present, though exact borders have often changed.

TVNZ

Television New Zealand (), more commonly known as TVNZ, is a free-to-air public broadcasting television network that is broadcast throughout New Zealand and parts of the Pacific region.

TVNZ was created in February 1980. About 90% of TVNZ's revenue is from commercial activity (such as advertising and merchandising).


Breakfast (New Zealand TV programme)

Breakfast (also referred to as 1 News Breakfast) is a New Zealand morning news and talk show airing weekday mornings on TVNZ 1, produced by 1 News. The first episode came out on 11 August 1997. It was the first of its genre in New Zealand. It has a mixture of breaking news, news, sport, weather and feature items. Originally a two-hour programme, it was expanded to three hours in 2012.

Auckland Central (New Zealand electorate)

Auckland Central is a New Zealand electoral division returning one member to the New Zealand House of Representatives. The electorate is represented by Chlöe Swarbrick, a member of the Green Party; she has represented the seat since 2020.

2011 New Zealand general election

The 2011 New Zealand general election on Saturday 26 November 2011.

One hundred and twenty-one MPs were elected to the New Zealand House of Representatives, 70 from single-member electorates, and 51 from party lists including one overhang seat.

A referendum on the voting system was held at the same time as the election, with voters voting by majority to keep the MMP system.

2014 New Zealand general election

The 2014 New Zealand general election took place on Saturday 20 September 2014.

Voters elected 121 members to the House of Representatives, with 71 from single-member electorates (an increase from 70 in 2011) and 49 from party lists.

A total of 3,140,417 people were registered to vote in the election; around 92.6% of all eligible New Zealanders. A total of 2,446,279 votes were cast. 

The centre-right National Party, led by incumbent Prime Minister John Key, gained a plurality with 47.0% of the party vote and 60 of the 121 seats.

Nikki Kaye

Nicola Laura Kaye (born 11 February 1980) is a New Zealand politician. She was Deputy Leader of the New Zealand National Party and Deputy Leader of the Opposition from 22 May 2020 to 14 July 2020.

Kaye was the member of the New Zealand Parliament from 2008 until 2020.

She is a breast cancer survivor.

Denise Roche

Denise Maree Roche (born 9 July 1963) is a New Zealand politician. She was a member of the Waiheke Local Board and the New Zealand House of Representatives, where she represented the Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand from 2011 to 2017.

Roche was born in 1963 in Helensville. 

Sandinista National Liberation Front

The Sandinista National Liberation Front or Frente Sandinista de Liberación Nacional (FSLN) is a political party in Nicaragua. It was founded by Augusto César Sandino.

Silvio Mayorga, Tomás Borge, and Carlos Fonseca started the party in 1961.

In 1979, the Sandinista Party overthrew Anastasiio Somoza Debayle's dynasty. The Sandinistas then ruled from 1979 to 1990, and the FSLN took over as the country's sole power-sharing government in March 1981. Despite implementing a policy of mass education and promoting gender equality, the government came under international scrutiny for human rights abuses and the oppression of indigenous people.
The FSLN is Nicaragua's sole political party. It currently holds the country's only seat in congress. It often polls in opposition against the PLC. In 2006, Daniel Ortega was reelected as the country's president with many more votes than the other person who ran.

Leima Linthoingambi

Leima Linthoingambi was the queen of king Ningthoukhomba (1432-1567) of Manipur kingdom. During the Ankla invasion, the king had to proceed at the war field. At the King's absence in the capital city Kangla, the Tangkhul tribes raided the city. But in disguise as the king, the queen resisted their revolution by offering strong wine at the king's absence. With her wits, the kingdom was saved. This account is recorded in the Ningthourol Lambuba.

Maharani Kumudini

Maharani Kumudini Devi is the Queen of King Gambhir Singh and mother of King Chandrakirti of Manipur kingdom. After the death of her husband in an early age, she took full responsibility to protect her minor son, Prince Chandrakirti from the evil plots of palace intrigues. After her son ascended the throne of Manipur kingdom, she is best known for being the greatest royal lady holding utmost powers in the history.

2017 New Zealand Labour Party leadership election

The 2017 New Zealand Labour Party leadership election was held on 1 August 2017 to choose the next Leader of the New Zealand Labour Party. The election was won by Deputy Leader and Mount Albert MP Jacinda Ardern. She was the only candidate running. 

Labour leader Andrew Little had led Labour since 2014 and, after many poor results, announced his plan to retire from the leadership. According to Ardern, Little had previously approached her on 26 July 2017 and stated he thought she should take over as party leader, as he was of the opinion he could not turn things around for Labour. Ardern said she had refused, telling him to "stick it out".

Steven Joyce

Steven Leonard Joyce (born 7 April 1963) is a New Zealand former politician. He became a member of New Zealand House of Representatives in 2008 as a member of the New Zealand National Party.

As a broadcasting entrepreneur with RadioWorks, he was a millionaire before he entered politics.

On 6 March 2018, he announced his resignation from politics.

University of Auckland

The University of Auckland is a public university based in Auckland, New Zealand. It is the largest and highest-ranked university in New Zealand. It places among the Top 100 universities in the world by QS World Rankings. The institution was created in 1883. Today, the University of Auckland is New Zealand's largest university by enrolment, hosting about 40,000 students on five Auckland campuses. There are eight faculties, including a law school, as well as three research institutes associated with the university.

The university has a reputation for excellence in research and teaching, which attracts students from all over the world. The University of Auckland offers over 150 undergraduate and postgraduate degree programs across eight faculties. These faculties include Arts, Business, Creative Arts and Industries, Education and Social Work, Engineering, Law, Medical and Health Sciences, and Science.

The university also has partnerships with leading international universities such as Stanford University, the University of Oxford, and the National University of Singapore (NUS), among others. Other notable new zealand universities that attract international students are Victoria University of Wellington and Massey University. However, when it comes to overall rankings based on academic excellence and research output alone, the University of Auckland is considered one of the top universities in New Zealand.

The Best Universities In New Zealand For International Students 

Minister of Foreign Affairs (New Zealand)

The Minister of Foreign Affairs is a senior member of the New Zealand Government heading the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade. They are responsible for relations with foreign countries.

The current Minister of Foreign Affairs is Winston Peters.

Nanaia Mahuta

Nanaia Cybele Mahuta (born 21 August 1970) is a New Zealand politician. She is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Hauraki-Waikato. She became the Minister of Foreign Affairs in November 2020 and she served until November 2023. She is also the Minister of Local Government and was Minister for Māori Development from 2017 to 2020.

Council of Women World Leaders

The Council of Women World Leaders, created in 1996, is a network of 77 current and former Presidents and Prime Ministers. It is the only organization in the world dedicated to women heads of state and government. The Council's Ministerial Initiative also involves current and former cabinet ministers and secretaries in the work of the Council.



Edward Stafford (politician)

Sir Edward William Stafford (23 April 1819 – 14 February 1901) was the third Premier of New Zealand. He was the prime minister three times. 


Capital gains tax

A capital gains tax is a tax on the profit realized on the sale of a non-inventory asset. The most common capital gains are seen from the sale of stocks, bonds, precious metals, real estate, and property.

Not all countries have a capital gains tax and most have different rates of taxation. Countries that do not impose a capital gains tax include Bahrain, Barbados, Belize, Cayman Islands, Isle of Man, Jamaica, New Zealand, Sri Lanka, Singapore, and others. 

In some countries, such as New Zealand and Singapore, professional traders and those who trade frequently are taxed on such profits as a business income. 

In the United Kingdom people paid £16.7 billion in capital gains tax in 2021-22. 

Women in the history of Manipur kingdom

Manipuri women have been known for their valor, skill and active involvement in social, economic, political and cultural activities, besides holding almost all the household responsibilities as a mother, wife, daughter, sister and daughter in law.

Thomas Callan Hodson, the then British Political Agent of 1908 Manipur, quoted in his monograph, The Meitheis, as follows:
<poem>
"The women hold a high and free position in Manipur, all the integral trade and exchange of the produce of the country being managed by them. The habit of the country is to have bazars (markets) at convenient spots by the road side, where a handful of women congregate at the early hour...!"
</poem>

Leima Linthoingambi was the queen of king Ningthoukhomba (1432-1567) of Manipur. During the invasion of the Ankla tribes, the king had to proceed at the war field. At the King's absence in the capital city, the Tangkhul tribes raided the city. But in disguise as the king, the queen resisted their revolution by offering strong wine at the king's absence. With her wits, the kingdom was saved. This account is recorded in the Ningthourol Lambuba.

Kuranganayani, originally known as Shija Phongalokpi, is the biological daughter of King Gaurishyam and the adoptive daughter of King Bhagyachandra. She was offered hand in marriage to the Ahom king to strengthen the relationship between the two kingdoms as well as to get military aid from the Ahoms for the Meiteis to resist the Burmese conquest of Manipur. But she turned out to be a heroine even in the Ahom kingdom. It was she who saved the Ahom kingdom from the hands of the Moamoriya revolts.

Thambalnu was a lady (Meitei Nupi) from a poor family in Yairipok town of Manipur. But her beauty and charm causes conflicts among many able men in the kingdom in her times. During flood times from the Imphal river in the kingdom, the Royal Oracle proclaimed that the water god Wangbren will be pleased if a young girl is offered to Him. Since Thambalnu became a problem for numerous men, she was chosen to be offered to the deity. So, she was forcibly (or voluntarily) put in sacrifice to the strong river flow. After her death, the flood was also gone.

Queen Kumudini was widowed when her son was at a ripe age. She devised many diplomatic relations and plots to protect the throne from the other family members of the royalty. When her son, Chandrakirti became the king, she was known as a popular feminine icon in the kingdom.


Waitangi, Northland

Waitangi ( or , ) is a locality in the Bay of Islands on the North Island of New Zealand. It is close to the town of Paihia, 60 kilometres north of Whangarei. "Waitangi" is a Māori-language name meaning "weeping waters".

Waitangi Day

Waitangi Day (), the national day of New Zealand, celebrates the anniversary of the initial signing – on 6 February 1840 – of the Treaty of Waitangi, which is seen as the founding document of the nation. The first Waitangi Day was not celebrated until 1934, and it was made a national public holiday in 1974.

Marae

A (in New Zealand Māori, Cook Islands Māori, Tahitian), (in Tongan), (in Marquesan) or (in Samoan) is a sacred place that is for religious and social purposes in Polynesian societies. In all these languages, the term also means cleared, free of weeds, trees.

The Spinoff

The Spinoff is a New Zealand online magazine and news site founded by Duncan Greive in 2014. It is known for current affairs coverage, political and social analysis, and cultural comment. It is financed by subscription.

Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership

The Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP), also known as TPP11 or TPP-11, is a trade agreement among Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore, and Vietnam. It is an updated agreement from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). The eleven signatories have combined economies representing 13.4 percent of global gross domestic product. a

Xinjiang internment camps

The Xinjiang internment camps, officially called Xinjiang Vocational Education and Training Centers (Chinese: 新疆职业技能教育培训中心) by the government of China, are internment camps run by the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region government and its Chinese Communist Party (CCP).

Human Rights Watch says that they have been used to imprison Uyghurs and other Muslims since 2017 as part of a "people's war on terror," a policy announced in 2014. The camps have been criticized by many countries and human rights organizations for alleged human rights abuses.

Rohingya genocide

The Rohingya genocide is a series of ongoing crimes by the Myanmar military of the Muslim Rohingya people. The genocide has commited in two phases to date: the first was a military crackdown that happened from October 2016 to January 2017, and the second has been happening since August 2017. The crisis forced over a million Rohingya to flee to other countries. Most fled to Bangladesh. Others escaped to India, Thailand, Malaysia, and other parts of South and Southeast Asia.

Gun buyback program

A gun buyback program, or gun buyback scheme, is a gun policy that would allow the government to purchase privately owned firearms to reduce firearms in a country, especially those sold on the streets. A buy back program would provide a process whereby civilians can sell their privately owned firearms to the government without risk of prosecution.

Community centre

Community centres or community halls are public locations where members of a community gather for group activities, social support, public information, and other purposes. They may sometimes be open for the whole community or for a specific group within the greater community. Community centres can be religious in nature, such as Christian, Islamic, or Jewish community centres, or can be secular, such as youth clubs.

Condolence book

A condolence book or book of condolence is a book in which people may write their condolences after a death or great tragedy.

After the death of a leading figure or great disaster, condolence books are put in public places for members of the general public to use. When closed, the books are given to the relatives.

After especially notable deaths, official records of the condolences may be reprinted. For example, after the assassination of Abraham Lincoln, the Government Printing Office published a leather-bound, gilt-edged collection of official condolences in 1867.

Assault weapon

In the United States, the term assault weapon is used for some types of firearms. Usually these arms have a detachable magazine, a pistol grip and some have a vertical forward grip, flash suppressor or barrel shroud. Some firearms are specified by name.

Christchurch Call to Action Summit

The Christchurch Call to Action Summit (also called the Christchurch Call), was a political summit started by New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern that took place on 15 May 2019 in Paris, France, two months after the Christchurch mosque shootings of 15 March 2019. Co-chaired by Ardern and President Emmanuel Macron of France. The purpose was to "bring together countries and tech companies in an attempt to bring to an end the ability to use social media to organise and promote terrorism and violent extremism". 

COVID-19 lockdowns

COVID-19 pandemic caused many governments to limit the spread of the disease by adding stay-at-home orders, curfews, quarantines, "cordons sanitaires" and similar societal restrictions. By April 2020, about half of the world's population was under some form of lockdown, with more than 3.9 billion people in more than 90 countries or territories having been asked or ordered to stay at home by their governments. 

Carbon neutrality

Carbon neutrality refers to the goal of getting to net-zero carbon dioxide emissions to prevent or reduce global warming. This can be done by balancing emissions of carbon dioxide with its removal (often through carbon offsetting) or by eliminating emissions from society (the transition to the "post-carbon economy"). It is used in the context of carbon dioxide-releasing processes associated with transportation, energy production, agriculture, and industry.

Some countries are carbon neutral: Comoros, Gabon, Guyana, Madagascar, and Niue. While Bhutan, Panama, and Suriname are carbon-negative countries.


Hybrid vehicle

A hybrid vehicle is a vehicle that uses two or more specific types of power, such as submarines that use diesel when surfaced and batteries when submerged. Other means to store energy include pressurized fluid in hydraulic hybrids.

Switching from one to the other at the proper time while speeding up yields a win-win in terms of energy efficiency, as such that translates into greater fuel efficiency, for example.

Māori Party

The Māori Party () is a political party in New Zealand supporting indigenous rights.

ACT New Zealand

ACT New Zealand, known simply as ACT (), is a right-wing, classical-liberal political party in New Zealand. According to former party leader Rodney Hide, ACT's values are "individual freedom, personal responsibility, doing the best for our natural environment and for smaller, smarter government in its goals of a prosperous economy, a strong society, and a quality of life that is the envy of the world".

ACT was briefly led by former National Party leader Don Brash for the 2011 election, after which the party caucus was reduced to one seat.

Novavax

Novavax, Inc., is an American biotechnology company based in Gaithersburg, Maryland that creates vaccines to fight against serious infectious diseases. Before to 2020, company scientists developed experimental vaccines for Ebola, influenza, respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), and other emerging infectious diseases. 

During 2020, however, the company redirected its efforts to focus on development and approval of a vaccine for COVID-19.

Zhao Lijian

Zhao Lijian (; born 10 November 1972) is a Chinese politician and the deputy director of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Information Department.

Suhayra Aden

Suhayra Aden (born 1995) is a New Zealander and former dual Australian citizen who travelled to Syria in 2014 to join the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). Because of her connections to ISIL, her Australian citizenship was removed. In February 2021, she was detained by Turkish authorities while trying to enter the country with her two children. Turkey dropped charges against Aden and began proceedings to deport her.

British Vogue

British "Vogue" is a British fashion magazine published based in London since autumn 1916. It is the British version of the American magazine "Vogue". The magazine is considered to be one that connects fashion to high society and class.

Time 100

Time" 100 (often stylized as TIME" 100) is an annual article that lists 100 of the most influential people in the world. It is published by the American news magazine "Time". It was first published in 1999 as the result of a debate among American academics, politicians, and journalists, the list is now a highly publicized annual event. 

Only the winner of the Reader's Poll, conducted days before the official list is revealed, is chosen by the general public. 

Italian lira

Italian lira was the currency of Italy between 1861 and 2002 and of the Napoleonic Kingdom of Italy between 1807 and 1814 and of the Albanian Kingdom between 1941 and 1943. Between 1999 and 2002, the Italian lira was officially a national subunit of the euro. The subdivison of the lira was Centesimi.

The official sign of the lira was ₤.

One United States dollar was equal to 1,591 lira.

The banknotes of the lira were the ₤1000, ₤2000, ₤5000, ₤10,000, ₤50,000, ₤100,000 and the ₤500,000. 

The coins of the lira were the ¢1, ¢2, ¢5, ¢10, ¢20, ¢25, ¢50, ₤1, ₤2, ₤5, ₤10, ₤20, ₤50, ₤100, ₤200, ₤500, ₤1000.

Grape juice

Grape juice comes from crushing and blending grapes into liquid form. Sugars in grape juice allow it to be used for a sweetener.

In North America, the most common grape juice is purple. The juice is made from Concord grape. White grape juice is made from Niagara grapes. In California, Sultana grapes are sometimes used from the raisin or table grape to produce white juice.

Grape juice from concentrate means that excess water from the grapes was removed. This makes grape juice more concentrated. This allows grape juice to be compressed and frozen. It makes the packaging and transport easier. Water is then added to the juice before being sold. 

A major brand of American grape juice, Welch's, is made from Concord grapes, using an entire grape (pulp, skin and seeds). A small amount of citric acid is naturally found in grapes. It may be added for tart taste and antioxidant properties.

Prospect (magazine)

Prospect is a monthly British general-interest magazine, specializing in politics, economics, culture, arts, and current affairs. 

The magazine was launched in October 1995 by David Goodhart.

Some of the world's leading intellectuals have featured in Prospect in the last few years.

"Prospect" received worldwide attention in October 2005 when it published its list of the world's top 100 public intellectuals, which included Noam Chomsky, Umberto Eco, Richard Dawkins, Steven Pinker and Christopher Hitchens.

Wētā

Wētā (also spelled weta) is the common name for a group of about 70 insect species in the families Anostostomatidae and Rhaphidophoridae. They are found in New Zealand. They are giant flightless crickets, and some are among the heaviest insects in the world. Wētā are preyed on by introduced mammals, and some species are now critically endangered.

Hemiandrus jacinda

Hemiandrus jacinda is a species of wētā endemic to New Zealand. It was first described by Steven A. Trewick in 2021. This species was named in honour of the Prime Minister of New Zealand, Jacinda Ardern. 

Mecodema jacinda

Mecodema jacinda is a large-bodied ground beetle endemic to Maungatautari Sanctuary, Waikato, New Zealand. It is the largest species of "Mecodema" found on Maungatautari, which also has the medium-sized "M. curvidens" inhabiting the forest. It is named after New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern.

It is in the family Carabidae and the suborder Adephaga.

Whanganui

Whanganui (;), previously spelled Wanganui, is a city in the Manawatū-Whanganui region of New Zealand. The city is located on the west coast of the North Island at the mouth of the Whanganui River.

Hamish McDouall

Hamish McDouall is a New Zealand local government politician. He has been the mayor of Whanganui since 2016. He is a member of the New Zealand Labour Party. 

Shane Ardern

Philip Shane Ardern (born 26 January 1960) is a New Zealand politician. He is a member of the National Party and represented the electorate of Taranaki-King Country from 1998 to 2014.

Māori electorates

In New Zealand politics, Māori electorates, also known as the Māori seats, are a special category of electorate that until 1967 gave reserved positions to representatives of Māori in the New Zealand Parliament. 

Every area in New Zealand is covered by both a general and a Māori electorate; as of 2020, there are seven Māori electorates. 

Below is a list of the current seven Māori electorates. The each electorate's MP in the 54th Parliament of New Zealand, along with each MP's party, is also included in the table below.

Marriage (Definition of Marriage) Amendment Act 2013

The Marriage (Definition of Marriage) Amendment Act 2013 is an Act of Parliament in New Zealand, which since 19 August 2013, allows same-sex couples to legally marry.

The Act was proposed as a member's bill by MP Louisa Wall in May 2012, and was drawn from the ballot in July of that year. It passed its third reading in the House of Representatives on 17 April 2013, and became law when it received the Royal Assent two days later.

Crimes Act 1961

The Crimes Act 1961 is an Act of the New Zealand Parliament that forms a leading part of the criminal law in New Zealand. It repeals the Crimes Act 1908. Most crimes in New Zealand are created by the Crimes Act, but some are created elsewhere. 

Abortion Legislation Act 2020

The New Zealand Abortion Legislation Act 2020 is an Act of Parliament in New Zealand that amends the law to decriminalise abortion. Under the act, abortion is available without restrictions to any woman who is not more than 20 weeks pregnant. Women seeking an abortion after 20 weeks have to be looked at by a qualified health professional.

Two-state solution

The two-state solution to the Israeli–Palestinian conflict is a plan for an independent State of Palestine alongside the State of Israel, west of the Jordan River. The boundary between the two states is still controversial and under negotiation, with Palestinian and Arab leadership. The territory of the former Mandate Palestine (including Jerusalem) which did not form part of the Palestinian State would continue to be part of Israel.

2018–2019 Gaza border protests

The 2018–2019 Gaza border protests, by the organiser called the Great March of Return (), were a series of demonstrations held each Friday in the Gaza Strip near the Gaza-Israel border from 30 March 2018 and onwards.

The protests demanded that the Palestinian refugees must be allowed to return to lands they were displaced from and was confiscated by Israel. They also protested against Israel's Gaza blockade and United States recognition of Jerusalem as capital of Israel.

Ritz Crackers

Ritz Crackers are a brand of snack cracker. They were introduced by Nabisco in 1934. They are disc-shaped and lightly-salted.

Ritz Crackers varieties include the Original Ritz, Low Sodium Ritz, Honey Butter Ritz, Whole Wheat Ritz and Honey Wheat Ritz.

Sydney Stern chose the name Ritz. The name appealed to people who went through the difficulties of the Great Depression by offering them "a bite of the good life."

Epidemiology of HIV/AIDS

HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus), the virus caused by AIDS (Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome) and is one of the most serious public health challenges in the world. However, the world is committed to preventing new HIV infections and ensuring that everyone living with HIV has access to HIV treatment. In 2019, an estimated 170 million people worldwide are infected with HIV, since 2010, the number of new HIV infections fell by 23%. For example, in one year, this is different from the number of people diagnosed with HIV in one year. Worldwide, about 81 percent of people living with HIV know their HIV status in 2019. The remaining 19% (about 710 million people) still need access to HIV testing services. Important way HIV testing is the gateway to HIV prevention, treatment, care and support services.

HIV/AIDS is a major concern epidemic in Africa and cause of death in many parts of Africa. Although the continent contains about 15.2% of the world's population, Sub-Saharan Africa accounts for about 69% of HIV patients, and 70% of all AIDS deaths in 2011. In the North African countries have the lowest prevalence rates, as their populations usually share cultural patterns that reduce the spread of the disease, in contrast to what the desert countries did in Africa. Southern Africa is the most affected region on the continent. As of 2011, HIV has infected at least 10% of the population in Botswana, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Swaziland, Zambia and Zimbabwe.

AIDS cases in most countries in Western Europe have fallen to levels not seen since the initial outbreak; many people attribute this trend to active education campaigns, blood transfusion screening and increased condom use. In addition, since new AIDS treatments have proven to be effective (even if expensive) methods to suppress HIV, Western Europe’s AIDS mortality rate has also fallen very much in the past few years. There are many ways to transmit HIV, including paid sex, sex between men, injecting drugs, mother-to-child behavior, and heterosexual behavior. However, many new infections in this area have occurred through contact with HIV-infected people in other areas. The prevalence of adults (15-49 years old) in the region is 0.3%, and there are currently 570,000 to 890,000 HIV-infected persons. Due to the availability of antiretroviral therapy, the number of deaths from AIDS has remained low since the trough in the late 1990s. However, in some countries, there is still a large number of undiagnosed HIV, and the evidence of resistance to antiretroviral drugs in some newly infected people in the region is worrying. In addition, the risky behaviors of men who come into contact with men have recently increased.

As of 2008, 4.7 million people in Asia were infected with HIV. The United Nations believes that the epidemic in Asia peaked in the mid-1990s, and that the annual rate of HIV infection subsequently decreased by more than half. Regionally, the epidemic has remained fairly stable since the 2000s.

In 2016, it was estimated that 1.5 million adults and children were infected with HIV / AIDS in North America, excluding Central America and the Caribbean. 70,000 adults and children are newly infected each year, with an adult prevalence rate of 0.5%. 26,000 people die of AIDS in North America each year.

At the beginning of 2018, there are almost about 1 million people living with HI /AIDS in South America. By the number of its population, Brazil is the country with the most HIV-positive people with 830,000 people. As of April 2018, Chile is the country with the most infections. While the Falkland Islands are the only territory where no cases were detected. The biggest problem that exists is discrimination against people with HIV/AIDS in less developed countries. This is due to ignorance of the disease, with outdated premises and the high religious population by influenced to other people.

In this region, the national conditions regarding HIV and AIDS vary greatly. Part of the reason is the distance between the major islands in Oceania. The extensive development of the region also plays an important role. It is estimated that the prevalence of between 0.2 to 0.7 percent, there are currently 45,000 to 120,000 adults and children living with HIV. Papua New Guinea is one of the worst AIDS epidemic in the region. According to UNAIDS, since 1997, HIV cases in the country at a rate of 30% per year, by the end of 2006, HIV prevalence in the country is about 1.3% from the population.

Sybil (cat)

Sybil (2006 – 27 July 2009) was a cat living at 11 and 10 Downing Street. Named after "Sybil Fawlty" from the television show "Fawlty Towers", she was the pet of then Chancellor of the Exchequer, Alistair Darling.

When introduced in September 2007, Sybil, who was black and white, was the first cat at Downing Street since Humphrey was reportedly removed in November 1997, due to Cherie Blair's aversion to cats. In January 2009, she returned to Edinburgh.


Saint Sarah

Saint Sarah, also called Sara e Kali (Sara the Black) is a patron saint of the Romani people of Catholicism Faith. She was born in the 1st century into a family of Indian Saint Thomas Christians of South India who went as Merchants to Roman Egypt. According to legends, Saint Sarah sailed from Egypt to France in a boat with the Three Marys. Her day of honour is on May 24.

Baba Fingo

Baba Fingo or Father Fingo is a male Deity in Turkish Romani folklore. The Romanlar in Turkey believe in Baba Fingo as their Saviour. The festival Kakava is celebrated at Edirne on 5-6 May. The Romanlar make a Bonfire and go to the Meric River in the night. They believe Baba Fingo comes out of the water and protects the Romani people.

The legend of Baba Fingo says that long ago, the people lived in Egypt. But the Pharaoh was cruel to them. So Baba Fingo led the people out through the Red Sea. Another legend says that Baba Fingo was a good and wise commandant who worked for Pharaoh, but he liked women and alcohol too much. The Pharaoh's other commandants were jealous of him. They tricked him with women and alcohol and he got lost in the river. Although the Romanlar have been quasi-Muslims for centuries, the popular Folk belief in Baba Fingo plays a very important role for them.

The Gap Band

The Gap Band was an American contemporary R&B and funk band. The group became famous in the 1970s. The band had three brothers, Ronnie, Charlie and Robert Wilson. They were based in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

In 1979, the group released "Oops Up Side Your Head" (also titled "I Don't Believe You Want to Get Up and Dance (Oops!)". The studio album released that year, "The Gap Band II", went gold.

In 1980, the album "Gap Band III"' hit #1. This album had soul ballads. They were, "Yearning for Your Love", "Burn Rubber on Me (Why You Wanna Hurt Me)", which was a chart topper, and "Humpin".

In 1982, the album "Gap Band IV" peaked at #1. Songs from this album included "Early in the Morning", which hit #1 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, then known as the Hot Black Singles chart. Another Gap Band #1 hit in 1982 on the same chart was "Outstanding".

On August 26, 2005, The Gap Band was honored as a Broadcast Music, Inc. Icon at the 57th annual BMI Urban Awards.

Robert Wilson died from a heart attack at his home in Palmdale, California. He was 53.

Starting in the 1990s, R&B and hip hop artists, including Brand Nubian, Mary J. Blige, Shaquille O'Neal, Ice Cube and Snoop Dogg.

Dendropsophus ozzyi

Dendropsophus ozzyi is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Old Bawn

Old Bawn is a small town in Tallaght, Dublin.

Old Bawn translates in Irish to Seanbhábhún, meaning that Old Bawn was founded by someone named Sean.

Old Bawn House was built back in 1635 by an archibishop. In the rebellion of 1641, the original Old Bawn House was destroyed but rebuilt. During the 19th century, the house was sold to the O'Donnell family who would establish a paper mill in the area.

In the 1960s, Old Bawn House was demolished, although its ruins can still be found.

Old Bawn lies just south of Tallaght, and is a small town bordering the Tallaght Village area, Firhouse and Bohernabreena.

Roads and Estates include St. Maelruain’s Park, Home Lawns, Seskin View (western part), Old Bawn Way, etc.

The Dublin Bus routes that serve here are 65b, 175, 75 and 77a.

Pollinator

A pollinator is an animal that does pollination. Pollination is almost entirely done by insects, though there are some exceptions. Some birds (such as hummingbirds) pollinate flowers as they take nectar. Overall, however, it is insects that pollinate. Bees, of course, pollinate flowers as they take nectar. But wasps, ants, flies, beetles, butterflies and moths all have many species which are pollinators. The plant which offers the pollen is called the "pollenizer".

To be a pollinator, an insect has to move pollen from the male anther to the female stigma of a flower. The pollinator gets away with much of the pollen for its own use.

Although it is obvious that flowering plants are the plants which usually offer pollen, there is a pre-history of pollination in cycads.

Bees may not be the most numerous insects which take up the pollen. Hoverflies (Syrphidae) are very numerous visitors to flowers, and they may be more numerous than bees in many environments.

The list of pollinators is long. Bees, wasps, ants, flies, mosquitoes, lepidoptera and beetles all have some pollinators who take nectar, and also some vertebrates: bats, birds, monkeys, lemurs, possums, rodents.

Wild pollinators often visit many plant species, and plants are visited by many pollinator species. All these relations together form a network of interactions between plants and pollinators. Surprising similarities exist in the networks of interactions between plants and pollinators. This structure is similar in very different ecosystems on different continents, consisting of entirely different species.

Irish migration to Great Britain

Irish migration to Great Britain has occurred from the earliest recorded history to present.

Gengan Tonaki

Gengan Tonaki (渡名喜元完; "Tonaki Gengan", 30 October 1884 – 24 January 1997) was a Japanese (Okinawan) farmer and supercentenarian, and at the time of his death at age 112 years, 86 days the oldest Japanese man ever (although the claimed 120-year-old Shigechiyo Izumi was believed to have been older) before being beaten by Denzo Ishizaki.

Tonaki was born in late October 1884 in Sashiki (today Nanjō), Okinawa, as the second child and only boy of seven siblings, of whom one sister, who was eight years younger, was still living at the time of his death. In mid-1st decade of the 20th century, Tonaki fled to Hawaii to avoid the Russo-Japanese War and worked at a sugar refinery for about ten years before returning to Okinawa, working as a farmer until age 89. He married a woman named Kame (who was eight years younger and died at age 61 during the Battle of Okinawa) and had six children (of whom one died young of liver disease and four, all except his second son, died during the Battle of Okinawa).

Tonaki became the oldest living man in Japan on 20 September 1991, after 108-year-old Gihei Oka's death and also the oldest living Japanese man overall, later on 16 February 1992 after the 109 years, 13 days old Russo-Japanese War veteran Mamoru Eto's death, as Eto who was just 4 days younger than Oka emigrated to the United States, and later on 30 October 1994 only the second Japanese man who became a supercentenarian, after Eiju Tsuru who died on 11 January 1990, just 24 days before his 111th birthday, although Shigechiyo Izumi who died on 21 February 1986 was still believed to have been aged 120 years, 237 days and Denzo Ishizaki claimed to have been ten days older than Tonaki, as his birth register which showed a birth year of 1886 rather than 1884 was claimed to have been delayed by two years.

After 111-year-old Frenchman Émile Fourcade's death on 29 December 1995, Tonaki became the last living man born in 1884 as well as the second-oldest living man behind Danish-born Americanman Christian Mortensen, although Americanman Johnson Parks has been verified to have been 15 days older than Tonaki but recently become disputed after a study proving that he may have been born around ten years later than he claimed.

French migration to the United Kingdom

French migration to the United Kingdom is a phenomenon that has occurred at various points in history.

Studio T

Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. (abbreviated as TBS) is an American television and media conglomerate, part of AT&T's WarnerMedia. Founded by Ted Turner and based in Atlanta, Georgia, it merged with Time Warner on October 10, 1996. Among its main properties were its namesake TBS, TNT, CNN, and TruTV. It also licensed or had ownership interests in international versions of these properties. The headquarters of Turner's properties are located in both the CNN Center in Downtown Atlanta, and the Turner Broadcasting campus off Techwood Drive in Midtown Atlanta, which also houses Turner Studios.

The company was known for several pioneering innovations in U.S. multichannel television, including its satellite uplink of local Atlanta independent station WTCG channel 17 as one of the first national "superstations", and its establishment of CNN—the first 24-hour news channel.

George Little (New Brunswick politician)

George Little (May 22, 1937 – May 15, 2021) was a Scottish-Canadian teacher and politician who led the New Brunswick New Democratic Party (NDP) from 1980 to 1988. He died on May 15, 2021 at Saint John Regional Hospital in Saint John, New Brunswick, a week before his 84th birthday.

Cyclone Tauktae

Extremely Severe Cyclonic Storm Tauktae () was a powerful Arabian Sea tropical cyclone that became the strongest tropical cyclone to make landfall in the Indian state of Gujarat since the 1998 Gujarat cyclone and one of the strongest tropical cyclones to ever affect the West Coast of India.

The cyclone made landfall in Gujarat the same day as India recorded its, at the time, highest single-day COVID death toll, with 4,329 deaths reported.

Tauktae resulted in at least 82 deaths in India, and left another 81 people missing.

Darwin's Arch

Darwin's Arch was a natural rock arch on the southeast of Darwin Island on the Galapagos Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The arch sat on a rocky plateau, nicknamed "the theatre". 

The arch collapsed because of natural erosion on May 17, 2021, leaving two freestanding pillars.

Lee Evans (sprinter)

Lee Edward Evans (February 25, 1947 – May 19, 2021) was an American sprinter. He won two gold medals in the 1968 Summer Olympics, setting world records in the 400 meters and the 4 × 400 meters relay. 

Evans co-founded the Olympic Project for Human Rights and was part of the athlete's boycott and the Black Power movement. He was born in Madera, California.

In 2011, Evans was diagnosed with a brain tumour. On May 15, 2021, Evans had a stroke and was hospitalized in Lagos, Nigeria. He died four days later, aged 74.

Jason Derek Brown

Jason Derek Brown (born July 1, 1969) is an American man. Brown is wanted for first degree murder and armed robbery in Phoenix, Arizona. On November 29, 2004, according to the police and Federal Bureau of Investigation, Brown shot and killed an armored car guard just outside a movie theater and stole the money. Three years later, on December 8, 2007, the FBI named him as the 489th fugitive to be put on its Ten Most Wanted list.

On November 29, 2004, Robert Keith Palomares, a 24-year-old armored car guard, was carrying the weekend deposits just outside the AMC theater at 4915 E. Ray Road in Phoenix. Not long after 10 a.m., a hooded gunman ambushed and shot Palomares with a .45 caliber Glock semi-automatic pistol. Five of six bullets struck Palomares in his head. Though he was armed, Palomares didn't have time to defend himself. The gunman took a bag of money with $56,000 in cash and left the crime scene on a bicycle. Palomares was taken to the Good Samaritan Hospital. He was pronounced dead.

Witnesses had described the shooter as between 25 and 30 years old and Hispanic. The authorities then recovered the bicycle. They lifted fingerprints from it that linked Brown to the ambush murder. Brown was then the prime suspect in the case. He was charged by the Maricopa County Superior Court with armed robbery and first degree murder on December 4. Two days later, he was charged with a federal count of Unlawful Flight to Avoid Prosecution by United States District Court for the District of Arizona.

Brown was born in Los Angeles, California

Styrian International

The Styrian International is an international badminton tournament. It was supposed to be held for the first time in Graz, Styria, Austria, in June 2020. The event is part of the Badminton World Federation's Future Series and part of the Badminton Europe Elite Circuit.


Styrian motorcycle Grand Prix

The Styrian motorcycle Grand Prix is a motorcycling event. It was introduced during the 2020 and 2021 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic.


Abujam

Abujam () is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Ahanthem

Ahanthem is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Aheibam

Aheibam () is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Akham

Akham is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Akoijam

Akoijam () is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Amakcham

Amakcham is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Amom

Amom is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Angom

Angom is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Angomjambam

Angomjambam () is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Arambam

Arambam () is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.


Aribam

Aribam () is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Arubam

Arubam () is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Asem

Asem is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Athokpam

Athokpam is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Atom (surname)

Atom is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Ayekpam

Ayekpam is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Chabungbam

Chabungbam () is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Chakpram

Chakpram () is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Chanambam

Chanambam () is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Chandam

Chandam () is aa Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Chingakham

Chingakham is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Kentaro Miura

Miura died on May 6, 2021 from an acute aortic dissection, aged 54.

Chingangbam

Chingangbam (Chingangpam) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Chingshubam

Chingshubam (Chingshupam) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Aleksandr Privalov

Aleksandr Vasilyevich Privalov (; 6 August 1933 – 19 May 2021) was a Soviet biathlete. He received a bronze medal at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley. He received a silver medal at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck. Privalov was born in Moscow Oblast, RSFSR, Soviet Union.

Privalov died on 19 May 2021, aged 87.

Chingsubam

Chingsubam (Chingsupam) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Guillermo Sepúlveda

Guillermo Sepúlveda Rodríguez (29 November 1934 – 19 May 2021) was a Mexican football defender. He played for Mexico in the 1958 and 1962 FIFA World Cups. He also played for C.D. Guadalajara. 

Sepúlveda died on 19 May 2021 in Mexico City, aged 86.


Chingtham

Chingtham is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Jeffrey R. Holland

Jeffrey Roy Holland (born December 3, 1940) is an American educator and religious leader. He was the ninth President of Brigham Young University and is a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) since 1994. Holland was born in St. George, Utah. In 2023, he became Acting President of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles.

Chirom

Chirom (Chilom) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Klymaxx

Klymaxx was an American all-female pop, R&B and funk band. They were from Los Angeles, California. Their first album was "Never Underestimate the Power of a Woman" in 1981. The following year, the band released the second album "Girls Will Be Girls".

The band was formed in 1979 by Bernadette Cooper and five other women. Their first album to that was recognized nationally was their 1984 album "Meeting in the Ladies Room". This album had several Top 5 hit songs on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. They were "I Miss You", "The Men all Pause" and the song "Meeting in the Ladies Room". "I Miss You" topped the U.S. "Billboard Hot 100 chart at #5.

The group broke up in 1989. Some band members had their own albums. After the breakup there was a legal dispute involving band member Cheryl Cooley's use of the group's trademark and name.

Klymaxx got together again in 2003.



Dieter F. Uchtdorf

Dieter Friedrich Uchtdorf (born 6 November 1940) is a German aviator, airline executive and religious leader. He is a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) (from 2004 to 2008 and since 2018). He was Second Counselor to Thomas S. Monson in the church's First Presidency from 2008 until Monson's death on 2 January 2018. He was born in Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia.

Chongtham

Chongtham is a Meitei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Chungkham

Chungkham is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Quentin L. Cook

Quentin LaMar Cook (born September 8, 1940) is an American religious leader and former lawyer and business executive. He has been a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) since 2007. Cook was born in Logan, Utah.

Elam (surname)

Elam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Elangbam

Elangbam (Elangpam) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Hanglem

Hanglem is a Meitei Manipuri surname or family name or "Yumnak" in Meiteilon belonging to a branch of Khuman clan of Meitei ethnicity. "Hanglem Apokpa" is the clan ancestral deity worshipped by the members of Hanglem family. The Hanglem Apokpa temple is situated at Utlou, Manipur and the present Hanglem Piba or Hanglem Headman is Hanglem Sarat of Utlou. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur (Utlou, Nambol, Irengband, Churchandpur, Sagolband Tera, Singjamei, Keishampat, Tekcham, Baruni Chingya). 

Hanjabam

Hanjabam (Hanchapam) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Haobam

Haobam (Haopam) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Prime Minister of Samoa

The prime minister of the Independent State of Samoa () is the head of government of Samoa. The prime minister is a member of the Samoan Legislative Assembly. They are appointed by the O le Ao o le Malo (Head of State) for a five year term.

The incumbent is Fiame Naomi Mata’afa since 24 May 2021.

Tui Ātua Tupua Tamasese Efi

Tui Ātua Tupua Tamasese Tupuola Tufuga Efi (born Olaf "Efi" Tamasese) (born 1 March 1938), is a Samoan politician.

Tui Atua was Samoa's head of state (O le Ao o le Malo) from 2007 to 2017. He was Prime Minister of Samoa from 1976 to 1982 and again later in 1982. On 16 June 2007 he was elected as "O le Ao o le Malo", Samoa's head of state, for a five-year term. 

Tuila'epa Sa'ilele Malielegaoi

Tuilaepa Lupesoliai Neioti Aiono Sailele Malielegaoi (born 14 April 1945) is a Samoan politician. He was the Prime Minister of Samoa from 1998 until 2021. He became Opposition Leader in 2021 after refusing to say that he lost the 2021 election, causing the 2021 Samoan constitutional crisis.

He has also been Leader of the Leader of the Human Rights Protection Party since 1998, and is Samoa's longest serving head of government.

Tuila'epa was permanently suspended from the legislative assembly on 24 May 2022 for breach of parliamentary privileges and contempt of parliament. He later described his suspension as a "witch hunt".

Fiamē Naomi Mataʻafa

Fiame Naomi Mataafa (born 1957) is a Samoan politician and High Chiefess ("matai"). Mataʻafa is the first female Prime Minister of Samoa, after winning a majority in the 2021 general election. She is the leader of the Fa'atuatua i le Atua Samoa ua Tasi (FAST) party. She was Samoa's first female Cabinet Minister, and from 2016 to 2020 was Samoa's first female Deputy Prime Minister.

On 24 May 2021, Mataafa had herself sworn in as Prime Minister of Samoa, while the incumbent, Tuilaepa Aiono Sailele Malielegaoi, did not want to say he lost. This has caused her leadership to be disputed. The crisis was resolved by Samoa's Court of Appeal on 23 July 2021, which ruled that Mataafa had been prime minister since 24 May.

O le Ao o le Malo

The O le Ao o le Malo () is the Head of State of Samoa. The government Press Secretariat describes Head of State as a "ceremonial president". The holder is given the formal style of "Highness".


Tuimalealiʻifano Vaʻaletoʻa Sualauvi II

Tuimalealiifano Va'aleto'a Eti Sualauvi II (born 29 April 1947) is a Samoan politician who is the current O le Ao o le Malo (head of state) of Samoa, in office since 2017.

Malietoa Tanumafili II

Malietoa Tanumafili II (4 January 1913 – 11 May 2007), addressed Susuga Malietoa Tanumafili II, was the Malietoa and the head of state, or "O le Ao o le Malo" of Samoa from 1962 to 2007. He was co-head of state in 1962 with the "tama-a-'aiga" Tupua Tamasese Mea'ole. 

Tupua Tamasese Meaʻole

Tupua Tamasese Mea'ole (3 June 1905 – 5 April 1963) was a Western Samoan paramount chief. He held the royal title of Tupua Tamasese from 1929 to 1963, and O le Ao o le Malo (Head of State) with Malietoa Tanumafili II from 1962 until his death the following year.

Amy Fisher

Amy Elizabeth Fisher (born August 21, 1974) is an American woman. She became known in the media as the Long Island Lolita in 1992. That year, at age seventeen, she shot Mary Jo Buttafuoco, the wife of Joey Buttafuoco. She was originally charged with attempted murder. Fisher later pleaded guilty to first-degree aggravated assault. She was in prison for just under seven years. In 1999, she was paroled. Fisher later became a writer, webcam model and a pornographic actress.

Fisher became very jealous of Joey Buttafuoco's wife. Fisher then got a .25 caliber handgun. When the wife answered the door, Fisher told her that Joey Buttafuoco was having an affair with Fisher's (imaginary) younger sister. The conversation lasted 15 minutes. Mary Jo got angry. She then told Fisher to leave and turned her back to return to the house. That was when Fisher took out the gun, struck Mary Jo with it and shot her in the head. Fisher dropped the gun and the shirt. She came back for them.

The police interviewed Joey Buttafuoco. He told them Amy Fisher could be the shooter. When his wife, Mary Jo became conscious, she identified Fisher as the shooter.

Amy Fisher was born in Merrick, New York.




According to Alan Ball, Fisher's story was an inspiration to him in writing the script for the 1999 film "American Beauty".

Haobijam

Haobijam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Hawaibam

Hawaibam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Heigrujam

Heigrujam (Heikucham) is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Heikrujam

Heikrujam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Heisnam

Heisnam is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

In 1100 AD, the Loyumba Shinyen text mentions the Heishnam clan's service to goddess Panthoibi. The text addresses the goddess as the most Meetei goddess.



Hemmam

Hemmam or Hemam or Hemma is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Hidam

Hidam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Hijam

Hijam is a Meetei/Meitei (Manipuri)'s royal surname or family name of the clan Luwang which has Northeast Indian origin. People of this surname mainly inhabits in Manipur(India),Northeast Indian states, Bangladesh, Myanmar.

Huidrom

Huidrom is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Huiningshumbam

Huiningshumbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Huirem

Huirem is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.


Huirongbam

Huirongbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Ingudam

Ingudam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Janine Wissler

Janine Wissler (natively spelled Wißler; born 23 May 1981) is a German politician who has been co-chairwoman of The Left since 2021.

She was member of the Landtag of Hesse since 2008 and leader of the state parliamentary group since 2009, including as sole leader since 2014, as well as deputy leader of the federal party since 2014. She is one of The Left's lead candidates for the 2021 German federal election, alongside Dietmar Bartsch.

Irengbam

Irengbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Susanne Hennig-Wellsow

Susanne Hennig-Wellsow (born Hennig on 13 October 1977) is a German politician who has been federal co-chairwoman of The Left since 2021. She was member of the Landtag of Thuringia since 2004, leader of the Thuringia branch of The Left since November 2013, and leader of the state parliamentary group since December 2014.

Irom

Irom is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Dietmar Bartsch

Dietmar Gerhard Bartsch (born 31 March 1958) is a German politician. He has been the co-chair of The Left parliamentary group in the Bundestag since 2015.

He has been a member of the Bundestag since 2005, and previously served from 1998 to 2002. He has been the federal co-lead candidate for his party three times: 2002, 2017, and 2021.

Irungbam

Irungbam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Kakyenlakpam

Kakyenlakpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

2012 Arkansas Democratic presidential primary

The 2012 Arkansas Democratic presidential primary was held on May 22 2012. The then current US president Barack Obama won the primary against Tennessee attorney and candidate who had a record of losing John Wolfe Jr, who got nearly 42% of the vote, which many people didn't think would happen. All 47 voters to decide the winner of the primary were given to, and said they would vote for Barack Obama at the 2012 Democratic National Convention. While John Wolfe Jr. was allowed 19 delegates to the convention because of how he had done in Arkansas, state party officials said Wolfe missed two paperwork filing deadlines related to the voters for the convention process, therefore he was not allowed to be given them. Wolfe started legal proceedings to have voters in the primary in his name allowed. Eight other delegates who didn't announce who they'd vote for, known as superdelegates, also attended the convention and cast their votes as well.

Kangabam

Kangabam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Kangjam

Kangjam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Gerald R. Molen

Gerald Robert "Jerry" Molen (born January 6, 1935) is an American movie producer. He has worked with Steven Spielberg, having produced five of his movies. He won an Academy Award for co-producing "Schindler's List".

Conspiracy (criminal)

Under criminal law, conspiracy is agreeing between two or more people to commit a crime sometime in the future.

Examples of conspiracy include conspiracy to commit fraud, conspiracy to kidnap or conspiracy to commit murder.

Conspiracy law usually does not need proof of specific intent by defendants to hurt any specific person to establish an illegal agreement.

Conspirators could be guilty even if they do not know the identity of the other conspiracy members.

Conspiracy against the United States is a federal offense.

Bobby Rydell

Bobby Rydell (born Robert Louis Ridarelli; April 26, 1942 – April 5, 2022) was an American rock and roll singer, drummer and actor. In the early 1960s, he was called a teen idol. His most well-known songs include "Wild One" and "Volare" (cover). He appeared in the movie "Bye Bye Birdie" in 1963.

Rydell died on April 5, 2022 of pneumonia in Abington Township, Pennsylvania at the age of 79.

Nausibius major

Nausibius major is a type of silvanid flat bark beetle in the species family type Silvanidae. They live in central America and North America.

Match fixing

Match fixing, in organized sports, occurs as a match is played to an entirely or partly pre-determined result. This violates the rules of the game and often the law. The most common reason is to get a payoff from gamblers.

The major motivations behind match fixing are gambling and the future team advantage. In Eastern Europe, mafia gangsters are linked to illegal gambling and match fixing. In Russia, people have disappeared or died after acting against bribes in sports.

Many sports have tournaments where the result of one round determines their opponent in the next. By losing a match, a particular team can face an easier opponent in the next round. This makes them much more likely to win.


Sports betting

Sports betting is the activity of predicting sports and placing wagers on the outcome. Some suggest bets were placed for the first time in Ancient Greece, while others insist there is evidence of similar betting activities even before that.

The frequency of sports that is bet upon differs with culture. Most of those bets are placed on basketball, baseball, mixed martial arts, boxing and auto racing at both professional and amateur levels.

In many parts of the United States, sports betting is illegal. It is legal in several other states. They include Iowa, New York, Rhode Island, Colorado and Nevada. In countries like Australia, New Zealand, and Sweden sports betting winnings are not taxed. Other jurisdictions, like Germany, impose taxes on wagering profits, but naturally the percentage varies from one country to another.

Sports betting can be done on several Internet websites or in public.

The bookmaker, also known as “a betting agency” or “sportsbook” is a company or a person that provides the sports betting services at odds, agreed upon in advance.


Prosciutto

Prosciutto is a type of Italian ham. It involves a long curing process in which it is salted. It is usually sliced thinly and served raw. Different regions of Italy have a different process and name for the food.

Alia Shawkat

Alia Martine Shawkat ( ; ; born April 18, 1989) is an American actress and artist. She is known for her roles as Hannah Rayburn in "State of Grace", Maeby Fünke in the Fox/Netflix Television progratelevision sitcom "Arrested Development" (2003-2006, 2013-2019), Gertie Michaels in the 2015 horror-comedy movie "The Final Girls," and Dory Sief in the TBS and HBO Max comedy series "Search Party" (2016–2022). She has also been on Comedy Central's "Drunk History" as Frances Cleveland, Virginia Hall, and Alexander Hamilton. 

Shawkat was born in Riverside, California, to Dina Shawkat (née Burke) and movie producer Tony Shawkat. She grew up in Palm Springs. She has two brothers. Her father is from Iraq, and her mother is of Norwegian, Irish, and Italian descent. Her maternal grandfather was actor Paul Burke.

Shawkat has appeared in over 47 movie roles, 32 television roles and 1 role in a podcast.

When not acting, Shawkat likes to paint; she has participated in gallery shows in Los Angeles, Mexico City and Paris. She also likes to make music and sing in jazz bars. She is bisexual. Her most notable features are her dark curly hair, brown eyes, dimples and her freckles. 

2021 Pride played Madeleine Tress in first episode on FX.

Kangujam

Kangujam is a Meitei family. It is native to Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). People of this family mainly live in Manipur, India.

Karam

Karam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Kayenpaibam

Kayenpaibam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Keisham

Keisham is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Keithellakpam

Keithellakpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khaidem

Khaidem is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khangembam

Khangembam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Germs Nerawareta Machi

Germs Nerawareta Machi (ジャーム～狙われた街～) which translates to "Germs: the Targeted Town" is a first-person open world, survival-horror adventure game developed by KAJ for the PlayStation in 1999.

The protagonist is a newspaper reporter who upon returning to his hometown investigates mysterious occurrences of strange mutants appearing in the city.

The game has an unsettling mix of science-fiction, body-horror and surrealism. Possible influences could come from the films of "David Cronenberg", "David Lynch" and "Shin'ya Tsukamoto" as well as some of the 1950's and 1960's American science-fiction flicks for the setting and the story.

The player can navigate the open world by walking, driving a car, or taking public transport. The gameplay consists of exploring, gathering information and engaging in combat. If the players loses to a mutant, they don't die, but rather end up infected. The player can cure their infection by going to the hospital. Information can be gained from reading emails on the office computer, talking with people in the city, and reading the text you see upon defeating enemies.

Progression occurs when defeating the mutants in an invaded building. As time goes on, more areas become affected. The game ends when stopping the mutants at their source in the abandoned coal mine. However, the player can still explore the world after the ending scene.

Khangjarakpam

Khangjarakpam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Kharibam

Kharibam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Khoinaijam

Khoinaijam is a Meetei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Haimhausen

Haimhausen is a municipality in Dachau, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria. It is about north of Munich. 

Hebertshausen

Hebertshausen () is a municipality in Dachau, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Hilgertshausen-Tandern

Hilgertshausen-Tandern is a municipality in Dachau, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Icosane

Icosane, also commonly spelled eicosane, is an alkane or a hydrocarbon with the chemical formula HC. It has 366,319 structural isomers. Its high flash point makes it a hard to light fuel, so it is not much use in the petrochemical industry. However, an isomer of icosane, "n"-Icosane (the straight-chain structural isomer of icosane) is the shortest compound found in paraffin waxes (CH, where formula_1) used to form candles. Icosane's phase transition at a moderate temperature makes it a candidate for PCM, which is used to store thermal energy and control temperature.

Icosane is a non-polar molecule: quite unreactive except when it burns (see the NFPA Diamond in the infobox). It is also way less dense than insoluble in water. This also means it shares properties with its smaller alkaline counterparts.

Icosane can also be detected in the body odor of people diagnosed with Parkinson's Disease.

The compound is found in the highest concentrations in plants such as Mexican ageratum, licorice, and the Bayrum tree.

Karlsfeld

Karlsfeld (Bavarian: "Karlsfejd") is a municipality in Dachau, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.



Markt Indersdorf

Markt Indersdorf is a municipality in Dachau, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.


Dwarf tree frog

The dwarf tree frog ("Dendropsophus nanus") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, French Guiana, Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay, and Brazil.

Chuck steak

Chuck steak is a type of meat cut. It is a type of sub-prime cut.

In the United States, chuck has the meat-cutting classification NAMP 113.

Like most steaks, the Chuck steak can be cooked with different methods.

Chuck

Chuck can mean:


Animal Crossing: Happy Home Designer

Animal Crossing: Happy Home Designer is a 2015 simulation video game for the Nintendo 3DS. It is a spin-off of the "Animal Crossing" series. The player designs houses for villagers.

Gangster Disciples

The Gangster Disciples are an American street and prison gang. They were formed on the South Side of Chicago. The gang was established in 1968. Almost all the members of the gang are African Americans.

The predominant symbol of this gang is the six-pointed Star of David. The Gangster Disciples also use the upward crossed pitchforks and the heart with wings. The main gang color are black, gray and white.

The Gangster Disciples are active in over 100 American cities in 31 U.S. states, mainly in the Midwestern and Southern United States. They also have a huge presence in the United States prison system. The gang has between 25,000 and 50,000 members.

The Gangster Disciples are involved in racketeering, drug trafficking, car theft, money laundering and fraud.

Sirloin steak

Sirloin steak is a type of meat cut. In the United States, this cut is usually above the tenderloin. The U.K. type is usually the upper middle part of the cattle.

Like most steaks, the Sirloin steak can be cooked with different methods.

World Taekwondo Grand Prix

The WT World Taekwondo Grand Prix is a taekwondo competition introduced by the World Taekwondo Federation in 2013 to provide a homogeneous system for qualification to the Olympic taekwondo tournament.


Aditya Roy Kapur

Aditya Roy Kapur (born 16 November 1985) is an Indian film actor who works in Hindi-language films. He made his Bollywood debut with 2009 film "London Dreams" but became famous when he acted in the 2013 film "Aashiqui 2". In that film, he co-starred with Shraddha Kapoor and she also became famous with the same film. He is the youngest brother of Bollywood film producer Siddharth Roy Kapur and actor Kunaal Roy Kapur and is a brother-in-law of actress Vidya Balan.

European Taekwondo Championships

The European Taekwondo Championships (WT) are the European senior championships in Taekwondo, first held in Barcelona 1976.


Rib eye steak

Rib eye steak is a type of meat cut. It is a cut from the rib section. It is known to be a tasty and tender steak due to the fat marbling.

The ribeye is made of two parts:

Some ribeyes have a bone around the cap, like the tomahawk, but most are boneless.

Like most steaks, the Ribeye steak can be cooked with different methods.

Baaghi (2016 movie)

Baaghi ( Rebel) is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Sabbir Khan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala under his banner Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment. The film stars Tiger Shroff and Shraddha Kapoor in the lead roles and Sudheer Babu in his Hindi debut, with Sunil Grover in a supporting role.

"Baaghi" was released worldwide on 29 April 2016. The film received positive reviews and was a blockbuster. The film was made on a budget of and earned over worldwide. Later on, it spawned two spiritual sequels, "Baaghi 2" (2018) and "Baaghi 3" (2020), thus becoming the first installment in the "Baaghi" film series.


Cozi TV

Cozi TV (stylized on-air as COZI TV) is an American free-to-air television network. It is owned by the NBC Owned Television Stations division of NBCUniversal. The network airs classic television series from the 1950s to the 2000s.

Odelzhausen

Odelzhausen is a town and municipality in Dachau, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria. The administrative collectivity of Odelzhausen consists of Odelzhausen and the townships of Sulzemoos and Pfaffenhofen an der Glonn.

The municipality of Odelzhausen includes 14 official local areas.

The following boundaries exist: Ebertshausen, Höfa, Odelzhausen, Sittenbach, Taxa.

Baaghi 2

Baaghi 2 () is a 2018 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Ahmed Khan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala under the banner of Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment. Based on the Telugu film "Kshanam", it stars Tiger Shroff and Disha Patani and it is a spiritual sequel to the 2016 film "Baaghi". It is the second installment in the "Baaghi film series". Prateik Babbar and Manoj Bajpayee were cast as the antagonists. It is followed by another spiritual sequel, "Baaghi 3", which is again directed by Ahmed Khan and was released on 6 March 2020.

The film was released worldwide on 30 March 2018 including 3500 screens in India. The film received positive reviews and became a blockbuster. It was mainly praised for the action scenes performed by Shroff. "Baaghi 2" grossed over worldwide to become the third highest-grossing Bollywood film of 2018.


Tápiószentmárton

Tápiószentmárton is a large commune in Pest county, Hungary.

A minor road heading through Tápiószentmárton beetween Tápiószecső and Cegléd. Three other minor roads also connect the village with Albertirsa, Göbölyjárás (where the train station is located) and Tápiószele.


Shama (TV series)

Shama is an Indian television show aired in 11th July 2011 on DD National.
Shama is an orphaned girl (her father dies in childhood and her mother leaves home) but Shama is raised and learned doctor by her grandfather Ahmed Ali and all the family members. Shama is run her private clinic


Ayuba Wabba

Ayuba Philibus Wabba (born 22 October 1968) is a Nigerian activist and trade union leader.

Wabba was born in Borno State, Wabba attended school in Kawo. He went to Imo State University. He was at Houdigbe North American University,Institute of Peace and Development, Israel; Royal Institute of Public Administration, London; Whaton Business School, USA from where he obtained various diplomas including PGD, Public Health and a master's degree in Public Health (MPH). He served as president of the National Union of Health Technology Students at the university.

Wabba began his career at Medical and Health Workers' Union of Nigeria, becoming first its secretary in Borno State, then as the union's national president. In 2007, he was elected as national treasurer of the Nigeria Labour Congress, then in 2015 became its president. In 2018, he was elected as president of the International Trade Union Confederation.

Banks (singer)

Jillian Rose Banks (born June 16, 1988), also known by the stage name Banks, is an American singer and songwriter. She is signed under Harvest Records and Good Years Recordings. She released two extended plays, "London" and "Fall Over" in 2013. Banks' first studio album, "Goddess" came out on September 5, 2014. It got positive reviews from contemporary music critics. The album hit #12 on the United States "Billboard 200". Its most successful single, "Beggin for Thread", was platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). 

Banks' second album, "The Altar", was released on September 30, 2016 under similar positive reviews. The album was her second Top 20 in the United States. Her third album, "III", was released was on July 12, 2019. It was her best album so far. It hit #21 on the "Billboard 200". It was also #3 on the TopAlbums Sales Chart.

Banks was nominated for an award related to her singing career.

Banks was born in Orange County, California. When she was one or two, she moved to Los Angeles. 



Baked potato

A baked potato, known in some parts of the United Kingdom (though not generally Scotland) as a jacket potato, is a preparation of potato originating from South America, specifically Peru. It is done by using an oven to cook the potato. Some potato types are better for baking than others. Fillings and toppings might be added to it, such as baked beans, tuna, and cheese.

Paul Sinha

Supriya Kumar "Paul" Sinha (born 28 May 1970) is a British comedian and presenter. He is one of the six Chasers who plays "The Sinnerman" on the ITV game show "The Chase".

Sinha was born in Luton, Bedfordshire, England.

Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I

Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I, The Woman in Gold, or The Lady in Gold is a painting by Gustav Klimt of Adele Bloch-Bauer, a woman who lived in Vienna. He painted the painting in 1907.

Klimt was a Symbolist artist and this painting was part of his Golden Phase. The painting is covered in gilt and other shining decoration. Art Nouveau, the Arts and Crafts movement, Byzantine art and Egyptian art influenced Klimt at this time.

Klimt prepared carefully before painting the painting. He started in 1902. He drew over 100 sketches to practice. Klimt went to the Basilica of San Vitale in Ravenna and looked at Byzantine mosaics.

Klimt started with gold leaf and silver leaf and then put gesso on top to make patterns.

According to Klimt's website, Bloch-Bauer was his mistress. She is also the only woman he ever painted twice. Adele's husband, Ferdinand Bloch-Bauer, hired Klimt to paint both paintings. Klimt painted "Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II" in 1912. Some artists also think Adele Bloch-Bauer might be the woman in "The Kiss" and "Judith and the Head of Holofernes".

Before Adele Bloch-Bauer died, she said she wanted the painting to go to the Belvedere Gallery. But, at the time, the painting belonged to her husband and not to her.

During World War II, the Nazis stole the painting from Bloch-Bauer's family. It did end up in the Belvedere Gallery.

One of the reasons this painting is famous is that it was in a United States Supreme Court case, "Republic of Austria v. Altmann", in 2004. Adele Bloch-Bauer's niece, Maria Altmann, tried to get the painting back from the Belvedere Gallery. The Supreme Court said the painting was Altmann's. Because Aultmann could not pay for insurance and storage, she sold the painting to Ronald Lauder to put in the Neue Gallery in New York City.

The 2015 movie "Woman in Gold" is about Maria Altmann trying to get the painting back from the Belvedere Gallery.

Maritime science fiction

Maritime science fiction is a subgenre of science fiction that is set in a maritime environment such as a lake, an island, an ocean or a coast and usually features futuristic maritime technology and fictional marine life forms such as seamonsters.
One of the most well-known and one of the earliest works of maritime science fiction is "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea".

Among well known maritime science fiction films are the films "The Abyss", "Leviathan" and the film adaptations of "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea". A classic television show and cinematic film of the maritime science fiction subgenre is "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea". Later maritime science fiction TV shows include "SeaQuest".


List of maritime science fiction works

The following is a list of maritime science fiction media. Maritime science fiction is a subgenre of science fiction that is considered to have first appeared with Jules Verne's classic 1870 French language novel "Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea".

Verne's 1870 novel "Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea" has been retold many ways in various media. Other major works of this subgenre in literature may include: 






Petershausen

Petershausen (Bavarian: "Bedashausn") is a municipality in Dachau, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Pfaffenhofen an der Glonn

Pfaffenhofen an der Glonn is a municipality in Dachau, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Röhrmoos

Röhrmoos is a municipality in Dachau, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria. It is located ca. northwest of Munich.

Röhrmoos has 14 local communities: 

Schwabhausen

Schwabhausen is a municipality in Dachau, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Sulzemoos

Sulzemoos is a municipality in Dachau, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Vierkirchen

Vierkirchen is a municipality in Dachau, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Weichs

Weichs is a municipality in Dachau, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria. There are 4 main villages in Weichs - Weichs, Aufhausen, Ebersbach, and Fränking. There are several smaller villages: Albertshof, Biechlhof, Breitenwiesen, Daxberg, Edenholzhausen, Edenpfaffenhofen, Erlbach, Erlhausen, Hölzböck, Jedenhofen, and Zillhofen.

Shehu Sani

Shehu Sani (born October 29, 1967) is a Nigerian senator, critic, author, playwright and human rights activist. He is the President of the Civil Rights Congress of Nigeria (CRCN). He is the Chairman of Hand-in-Hand, Africa. He contested and won the Kaduna Central Senatorial District on the platform of the All Progressive Congress on March 28, 2015. He decamped to PRP and lost his senatorial position. 

Sani holds an associate degree in Agricultural engineering from Kaduna state polytechnic.

Textron

Textron Inc. is an American industrial conglomerate based in Providence, Rhode Island. Textron's has a lot of subsidiaries which include Arctic Cat, Bell Textron, Textron Aviation (which itself includes the Beechcraft, Hawker, and Cessna brands), and Lycoming Engines.

Textron began as a textile company in 1923, when a Royal Little founded the Special Yarns Corporation in Boston, Massachusetts. The company manufactured a lot of products such as synthetic yarns, and niche product at the time. By the start of World War II, the company was known as Atlantic Rayon Corporation and manufactured parachutes.

• Able Aerospace Services

• Arctic Cat

• Bell Textron

• E-Z-GO

• Greenlee Textron

• Jacobsen 

• Kautex Textron

• Textron AirLand 

• Textron Aviation

• Textron Systems

Imo State University

The Imo State University (IMSU) is a Nigerian public University in Owerri, Imo State. It was established in 1981 through law No. 4 passed by the Imo State House of Assembly.

IMSU has 12 faculties. The faculties are headed by Deans and Faculty Officers. These faculties are;










Emma Ugolee

Emmanuel Chinenye Ugolee (born October 4, 1975), is a Nigerian media personality, TV producer, Voice over artist and an author.

Ugolee was born in Jos. He holds Bachelor of Economics from the Enugu State University of Science and Technology. 

Gandia

Gandia (; ) is a city in the Valencian Community, eastern Spain on the Mediterranean. Gandia is located on the Costa del Azahar, south of Valencia and north of Alicante.


Auerbach in der Oberpfalz

Auerbach in der Oberpfalz (; Northern Bavarian: "Auerboch in da Owapfalz") is a town in Amberg-Sulzbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in the Oberpfalz Government Region. It is located northeast of Nuremberg.




Toshio Fukui

Toshio Fukui (福井利男, "Fukui Toshio", January 29, 1947; Otsu, Shiga Prefecture {age 74} - ) is a Japanese base player and is known as the band leader of the OX, a garage rock band group. His nickname was Toshio (トシオ).

After leaving "The Kings", which was popular in the Kansai region in August 1967, he formed the "Ox". After Ox's dissolution, Fukui formed the "Gente", a vocal group. After that, people developed and disbanded, the members changed, the name was changed to "Rosemary", and the band's activities continued. After the Rosemary's dissolution, he went through the club's administration and currently runs a restaurant business in , Shibuya.

Yuji Iwata

Yuji Iwata (岩田裕二, "Iwata Yūji," April 15, 1946; Otsu, Shiga Prefecture {age 75} - ) is a Japanese musician and drummer for the OX, a Japanese GS band. His nickname was Yuji (ユージ) and his real name is Yuiji Iwata (岩田裕次).

After leaving "The Kings" with Toshio Fukui, he participated in the formation of "Ox". After the dissolution of Ox, Iwata formed "Harimao" and participated in the management. After that, he devoted himself to music producers and is still active to this day.

Shiro Okada

Shiro Okada (岡田志郎, "Okada Shirō", June 9, 1949; Hirakata, Osaka {age 71} - ) is a Japanese guitarist who participate in the Group Sound band, the Ox. His nickname was Shiro (シロー) and his real name is Shiro Okamoto (岡田史郎).

After the dissolution of Ox, Okada movied to America once, but moved to "The People" and "The Rosemary" formed by Toshio Fukui and continued with the activities of a newly formed band group. After that, he remains active as a music producer.

