Alfonso XI of Castile

Alfonso XI (13 August 1311 – 26 October 1350) nicknamed the Avenger () was the King of Castile and León from 1312 until his death in 1350. His long 38-year reign was one of the most successful in the history of Castile. Like his predecessors, Alfonso was very active in the Reconquista. He conquered Granadans and Marinids after his victory at the Battle of Río Salado in 1340. He also gained control over the Strait of Gibraltar.

Alfonso became king after the death of his father, King Ferdinand IV, in 1312 where Alfonso was only one-year old at the time. During Alfonso's minority, 6 people held the regency: Constance of Portugal, Alfonso's mother, Peter, Lord of Cameros, Alfonso's uncle , John, Lord of Valencia de Campos, Alfonso's granduncle, María de Molina, Alfonso's grandmother, and Philip, Lord of Cabrera and Ribera, Alfonso's other uncle and the brother of Peter.

On Alfonso's 14th birthday on 13 August 1325, he was crowned and his effective rule began. He was a very strong king as he made many successes in the Reconquista. He was also very popular among the Castilians as well as at the end of his rule, Castile was thriving and was one of the most powerful kingdoms in the Iberian Peninsula. During his rule, the Black Death strucked Europe as well. Alfonso died as a result of the pandemic on 26 October 1350 in Gibraltar at the age of 39. He was succeeded by his 16-year old son, Peter.

Eduardo Vélez

Luis Eduardo Vélez Sánchez (born 26 July 1986) is an archer from Mexico. Vélez competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Alexandra Mîrca

Alexandra Mîrca (born 11 October 1993) is a Moldovan archer. Mîrca competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Arkles Bay

Arkles Bay is one of the northernmost suburbs of Auckland. It is located in the Whangaparaoa Peninsula and is known for its sheltered beaches, suitable for swimming and paddle boarding.

CometBird

CometBird was a web browser fork of Mozilla Firefox. The browser was a Bitcomet product which was compatible with Windows 98 to Windows 11, but the browser lost support in the year 2015.

Yongzhou

Yongzhou () is a prefecture-level city in Hunan Province, China. The city used to be known as Yungchow. In 2022, 5.14 million people lived there.

Love Will Lead You Back

"Love Will Lead You Back" is a 1990 song by Taylor Dayne and is the second single from her second studio album "Can't Fight Fate". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 68 in the United Kingdom, number 11 in Australia, number 28 in New Zealand and number 2 in Canada. It was covered by Yuri, Johnny Mathis and Patti LaBelle.

Hoochie Coochie Man

"Hoochie Coochie Man" also known as (I'm Your Hoochie Coochie Man) is a 1954 song written by Willie Dixon and was performed by blues singer Muddy Waters. After the songs success Waters recorded the song live and the originally recording is found on his 1958 album "The Best of Muddy Waters". It went on to be covered by numerous artists over the years.

Seema G. Nair

Seema G. Nair is an Indian actress who appears in Malayalam films and Malayalam TV series. Both Nair and her mother Cherthala Sumathi won the Kerala State Amateur Drama Award.



Gurjeet Singh Aujla

Gurjeet Singh Aujla is an Indian politician and a member of Indian National Congress and current member of Parliament for Amritsar in Punjab, India. Aujla got 444,052 (51.78%) votes while Puri finished second with 344,049 (40.19%) votes.

I Will Wait

"I Will Want" is a 2012 song by British band Mumford & Sons and is the leading single from their second studio album "Babel". It went to number 12 in the United States and the United Kingdom, number 9 in Scotland and Canada, number 4 in New Zealand, number 7 in Ireland, number 25 in Japan, number 23 in Australia, number 50 in Sweden, number 27 in Austria and number 39 in Switzerland. It was nominated for 2 Grammy Awards in 2013.

Around the Fur

Around the Fur is the second Studio Album by American Alternative-Metal band Deftones

State Farm Arena

State Farm Arena is an multi-use arena located in Atlanta, Georgia that serves as the home for the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The arena was also the home of the Atlanta Thrashers of the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1999 until 2011 and the Atlanta Dream of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) from 2008 until 2016, and again in 2019. 

They first started to build the stadium on June 5, 1997 on the site of the demolished Omni Coliseum. The arena opened on September 18, 1999 and the first event was a concert by Sir Elton John on his Medusa Tour. The Hawks had their first game in the arena on November 4, 1999. In their first game, they were defeated by the Milwaukee Bucks 199–109. The Thrashers had their first game at the arena on October 2, 1999. They would be defeated 4–1 by the eventual Stanley Cup champions, New Jersey Devils. The Thrashers would play their last game in the arena in a 5–2 defeat to the Pittsburgh Penguins on April 10, 2011. They would move to Winnipeg to become the Winnipeg Jets the next season.

Since the arena's opening, sponsorship naming rights were owned by Philips and the arena was named Philips Arena. On August 29, 2018, the naming rights were sold to State Farm in a $175 million; 20-year deal. The arena was renamed State Farm Arena.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including the 2002 and 2010 Royal Rumbles, Backlash in 2007, Hell in a Cell in 2012, Survivor Series in 2015, and Day 1 in 2022. World Championship Wrestling (WCW) also held an episode of "Monday Nitro" on June 5, 2000 and All Elite Wrestling held the February 19, 2020 episode of "Dynamite" at the arena.

Ridhima Ghosh

Ridhima Ghosh is an Indian Bengali film and television actress. She made her acting debut in the Bengali film "Ratporir Rupkotha" in 2007. In 2009, she made her television debut in Bengali TV serial "Bou Kotha Kao" aired in Star Jalsha. After that, she has acted in a number of Bengali films and Bengali TV serials like "Rang Milanti", "Rajkahini" and "Byomkesh."

 

Imad Wasim

Syed Imad Wasim Haider (in Punjabi and ) commonly known as Imad Wasim born on December 18, 1988, in Swansea, Wales, is a former Pakistani cricketer known for his left-arm spin bowling and handy batting skills. Although born in Wales, he represented Pakistan in 55 ODIs and 66 T20Is. He was the member of the Pakistan team that won the 2017 ICC Champions Trophy. He was also included in the squad in the 2019 World Cup and the 2021 T20 World Cup. On 24 November, 2023, Imad announced his retirement from all formats of international cricket.

Imad Wasim was born in Swansea, Wales. His dad worked as an engineer in the UK for a short time. When Imad was very young, his family moved to Pakistan. He grew up there and started playing cricket. 

Before becoming a cricketer, he was studying to become a doctor. But when he got the opportunity to play for Pakistan's under-19 team, he left his studies to focus on cricket.

On 24 August 2019, Imad married Sannia Ashfaq at the Faisal Mosque in Islamabad. On 4 March 2021, the couple were blessed with a daughter who they named Inaya.

Rahul Raj

Rahul Raj is an Indian music composer. He has composed and produced scores and soundtracks predominantly for Malayalam movies. 

 
Starting Over (Tammy Wynette song)

"Starting Over" is a 1980 song by country singer Tammy Wynette and is the second single from her 21st studio album "Only Lonely Sometimes". It went to number 17 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles charts and number 41 on the Canadian Country Singles charts.


Vishnuvardhan (director)

A long-time associate of Santosh Sivan, he made his directorial debut in 2003 with "Kurumbu", which did not fare well at the box office. However, his subsequent films, "Arinthum Ariyamalum" (2005), "Pattiyal" (2006), "Billa" (2007).

 

Yashoda (movie)

Yashoda is a 2022 Indian Telugu-language action thriller film written and directed by Hari–Harish. It stars Samantha in the title role alongside Unni Mukundan, Varalaxmi Sarathkumar, and Murali Sharma.

Principal photography commenced in December 2021 and ended in July 2022. The film's score was composed by Mani Sharma, while the cinematography and editing were handled by M. Sukumar and Marthand K. Venkatesh, respectively. The film was released on 11 November 2022. "Yashoda" received mixed reviews from critics.


Krodh (movie)

Krodh () is a 2000 Indian action drama film directed and produced by Ashok Honda. It stars Sunil Shetty and Rambha in lead roles. The film is a remake of the 1996 Malayalam film "Hitler", starring Mammootty and Shobhana. It was an average grosser at the box office.

Karishma Tanna

Karishma Tanna Bangera (born 21 December 1983) is an Indian actress, model and anchor who predominantly works in Hindi films and television shows. She made her television debut with "Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi" in 2001.


Rajanikanta Sen

Rajanikanta Sen, also known as Kantakobi, (26 July 1865 – 13 September 1910) was a Bengali poet and composer, known for his devotional (bhakti) compositions, as well as his patriotic songs.

Harmeet Singh Sandhu

Harmeet Singh Sandhu is an Indian politician. He belongs to the Shiromani Akali Dal party. He is a former member of the Punjab Legislative Assembly and represented Tarn Taran from 2002 to 2017.

http://eciresults.nic.in/ConstituencywiseS1921.htm?ac=21 

Nishadas

Nishada is a tribe mentioned in ancient Indian literature (such as the epic "Mahabharata"). The ancient texts mention several kingdoms ruled by this tribe. In the Mahabharata, the Nishadas are described as hunters, fishermen, mountaineers or raiders that have the hills and the forests as their abode.

Gurpreet Singh (kabaddi)

Gurpreet Singh born 29 October 1979 is representative for India in the sport of Kabaddi. He was a member of the kabaddi team that won a gold medal in the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon.

Rangeela (1995 movie)

Rangeela is a 1995 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy film written, directed and produced by Ram Gopal Varma. It stars Aamir Khan, Urmila Matondkar and Jackie Shroff. The film was A. R. Rahman's first Hindi film with an original score and soundtrack, as his previous Hindi releases were dubbed versions of his Tamil, Malayalam and Telugu films.

Raghaw Sharan Pandey

R. S. Pandey is a politician and a former Indian Administrative Service officer (batch of 1972 and retired in 2010). He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) from December 2013 - October 2019, and a special invitee member of the BJP National Executive since March 2015.

Manmohini (TV series)

Manmohini is a Hindi supernatural romantic television series created by Prateek Sharma under LSD Films. It replaced Kaleerein in its timeslot. it aired from November 2018 through July 2020 on Zee TV for two seasons.


Gurdeep Pandher

Gurdeep Pandher is a Sikh-Canadian, Yukon-based author, teacher and performer, who makes Punjabi dance videos. Gurdeep was born into a farming family, in a small village in Siahar, Punjab.

Garima Vikrant Singh

Garima Vikrant Singh (Garima Srivastav) is an Indian actress best known for her role as Saraswati in Life OK's "Gustakh Dil". She appeared in shows like, "Choti Bahu" Season 2, (Zee TV), "Phir Subah Hogi" (Zee TV), "Rahe Tera Aasheervad" (Colors), "Chand ke paar Chalo" (Imagine) and "Parivaar" (Zee TV).


Ashok Selvan

Ashok Selvan (born 8 November 1989) is an Indian actor who works predominantly in Tamil cinema. He made his breakthrough playing one of the lead roles in "Soodhu Kavvum" (2013), before gaining critical acclaim for his performances in C. V. Kumar's productions " (2013)" and "Thegidi" (2014).


 

Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front

The Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front was a political coalition in Ethiopia from 1988 to 2019. It was made of four political parties: Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), Amhara Democratic Party (ADP), Oromo Democratic Party (ODP) and Southern Ethiopian People's Democratic Movement (SEPDM). After leading the overthrow of the People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, it dominated Ethiopian politics from 1991 to 2019. In November 2019 it was dissolved, and Prime Minister and the chairman Abiy Ahmed merged three of the constituent parties (not the TPLF) into his new Prosperity Party, which was officially founded on 1 December 2019.

Celeron

Celeron is a discontinued series of 32-bit computer microprocessor models manufactured by Intel. The first Celeron was released on April 15, 1998. The Celeron was based off the Pentium II, and was targeted at cheaper PCs.

Celerons usually, but not always, offer less power compared to Pentium, Core, and Xeon processors. Intel has sometimes disabled advanced features on their Celeron line due to it's subpar performance. Because of its lack of features and powers, Intel uses this as it's justification for the higher cost for it's higher-end processors.

The Intel Celeron first came into existence when Intel was planning to win over the cheaper processor markets, which it had multiple competitors in, namely AMD. They were considering a faster Pentium MMX, the industry-standard Socket 7 platform hosted a market of competitor CPUs. This presented a problem, as Intel didn't want their processors to be easily replaced. Instead, they made the Intel Celeron using a different socket based off the Pentium II product, using the Pentium II's proprietary Slot 1 interface.

On September 2022, Intel announced that the Celeron and Pentium would be discontinued and essentially merged into each-other into a CPU known as the "Intel Processor". It was also branded for low-end processors in desktops and laptops. It was scheduled to happen in 2023. In 2023, Intel discontinued the Intel Celeron and Pentium brands. However, it's worth nothing that both processors were slowly phased out. As of 2024, they have been fully phased out by Intel.

The name Celeron came from the Latin word "Celer" which means swift, as in the word 'accelerate', and 'on' as in 'turned on'. Celeron is seven letters and three syllables, like Pentium. The name was decided by the same firm who invented the "Pentium" name, Lexicon Branding, to devise a name for the new product. Another likely reason they chose the name was because the 'Cel' of Celeron rhymes with 'tel' of Intel.

As a cheaper, more lower-end processor, the Celeron does not support a dual-processor configuration using multiple CPU sockets. However it has been discovered that multiprocessing could be enabled on certain processors by doing some modifications to the pins on the CPU on Slot 1 Celerons. The unofficial support, made possible by the modifications users did, were eventually removed in later generations of Celeron. After this removal, dual-socket support is now limited to Intel Xeon's brand of processors. Eventually, Celeron released multi-core chips, though they are still limited to one socket.

Italian Somaliland

Italian Somalia, located in the eastern part of Africa, was a territory under Italian colonial rule for several decades. This region corresponds largely to what is known today as the Republic of Somalia. Italy began its colonization efforts in the in the 1880s. The northern half of Jubaland was given to Italy as a reward for the Italians' support of the Allies during World War I. It got full control of the area by the end of 1927 after signing treaties with local leaders and establishing settlements along the Somali coast.

In 1936, it was joined into Italian East Africa as the Somalia Governorate.

The Italians introduced infrastructure development projects. They built roads, schools, hospitals, and other public facilities. They also started administrative systems and influenced aspects of local culture, bringing Italian customs, language, and governance structures to the region.

Many Somalis until WW1 opposed the foreign rule imposed by the Italians and fought against their presence in various ways. There were several instances of unrest and uprisings as Somalis sought independence and autonomy from Italian control. But in the 1930s all Somalia was "pacified" and enjoyed a development in economy that was one of the biggest in Africa.

Italian Somalia faced various challenges during this initial time before WW1, including economic difficulties and environmental issues such as droughts. These challenges exacerbated tensions between the local population and the Italian authorities, leading to conflicts and opposition movements that were resolved in the late 1930s, when hundred of thousands somalis accepted to serve in military divisions for Italy during WW2. 

In 1941, during the East African campaign of World War II. Italian Somalia came under British military administration until 1950. Then it became a United Nations trusteeship. The Trust Territory of Somalia was under Italian administration. On 1 July 1960, the Trust Territory of Somalia united with the British Somaliland to form the Somali Republic.

The legacy of Italian Somalia persists in present-day Somalia. While Italian colonial rule brought some infrastructural developments and cultural influences (from the latin alphabet to the cuisine), it also left an initial complicated history of tensions, conflicts, and struggles for independence. The impacts of colonization (italian & english) continue to shape the social, political, and economic landscape of Somalia, influencing its ongoing challenges and efforts towards development and stability.

Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam

The Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam (GERD), formerly known as the Millennium Dam and sometimes referred to as the Hidase Dam, is a gravity dam on the Blue Nile River in Ethiopia. It was started in 2011. The dam is in the Benishangul-Gumuz Region of Ethiopia, about 14 km (9 mi) east of the border with Sudan.

The primary purpose of the dam is electricity production to relieve Ethiopia's acute energy shortage and for electricity export to neighbouring countries. With a planned installed capacity of 5.15 gigawatts, the dam will be the largest hydroelectric power plant in Africa when completed, as well as among the 20 largest in the world. Filling the dam's reservoir could reduce Nile flows by as much as 25% .

First phase of filling the reservoir began in July 2020 and in August 2020 water level increased to 540 meters (40 meters higher than the bottom of the river which is 500 meters above sea level). The second phase of filling was completed on 19 July 2021, with water levels increased to around 575 meters. The third filling was completed on 12 August 2022 to a level of 600 metres (2,000 ft). The fourth filling was completed on 11 September 2023 with water levels at around 625 meters. Actual water level (1 September 2023) is at around 620 meters and was measured using images from the Sentinel satellite. It will take between 4 and 7 years to fill with water, depending on hydrologic conditions during the filling period.

On 20 February 2022, the dam produced electricity for the first time, delivering it to the grid at a rate of 375 MW. A second 375 MW turbine was commissioned in August 2022.

Peter II of Russia

Peter II Alexeyevich (23 October 1715 – 30 January 1730) was Emperor of Russia from 1727 until his death in 1730. He was the son of Tsarevich Alexei Petrovich and Charlotte Christine of Brunswick-Lüneburg. After Catherine I's death. Alexander Menshikov and Prince Aleksey Dolgorukov influenced Peter, and this led to problems in running the country and making serfdom stronger. Peter's time as ruler was marked by confusion and not paying enough attention to important matters. Even though he was supposed to marry Ekaterina Dolgorukova, but he got sick with smallpox and died before the wedding. This made him the last male member of the House of Romanov.

Peter was born in Saint Petersburg on 23 October 1715. His father was Tsarevich Alexei Petrovich and mother was Charlotte Christine of Brunswick-Lüneburg, who had connections to European royalty. He was a cousin of Empress Maria Theresa of Austria.

When Peter was ten days old, his mother died. His father, Alexei, was accused of treason by Peter the Great and died in prison in 1718. So, Peter and his sister Natalya, who were only three and four years old, became orphans. Their grandfather didn't care about raising them because he disliked their father. Peter was kept in strict isolation since childhood.

Peter's early teachers were the wives of a tailor and a vintner, and a sailor named Norman taught him navigation. As he got older, a Hungarian noble named Janos (Ivan) Zeikin (Zékány), took care of his education.

Peter the Great died in 1725, and Catherine I succeeded him. Minister Menshikov, who helped Catherine become empress, replaced Peter's teachers with Count Ostermann. Ostermann's education plan included history, geography, math, and foreign languages, but Peter wasn't interested. He preferred hunting and feasting.

When Catherine I died in 1727, it became clear that Peter, as Peter the Great's grandson, couldn't be kept from his inheritance much longer. Most Russians and three-quarters of the nobility supported him. The Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI, who was married to Peter's mother's sister, urged Peter's claims. With Menshikov's efforts, Peter was named Catherine's heir, even though she had two daughters. The documentation also specified Peter's engagement to Menshikov's daughter Maria.

After Catherine died in May 1727, Peter II became emperor. Menshikov, a powerful figure, took control of Peter and his actions. For a few months, Menshikov was so feared and obeyed that even Peter the Great wasn't like that, says the Saxon ambassador. Menshikov became arrogant, issuing orders to the Emperor and taking gifts back. When Peter protested, Menshikov got sick, and his enemies used this chance. Under Ostermann and the Dolgorukovs' influence, Peter stripped Menshikov of his rank from September 1727, and sent him to Siberia. The engagement with Menshikov's daughter was also canceled.

The Senate, the Privy Council, and the guards pledged allegiance. Mathematician Christian Goldbach became Peter II's tutor, replacing Menshikov's choice, Andrey Osterman.

Peter II was smart but stubborn, like his grandfather. Unlike Peter the Great, he didn't want to learn to rule. Being young, he struggled to manage public affairs and rarely attended the Supreme Privy Council. This frustrated his subjects, and officials hesitated to make important decisions. The Russian fleet suffered, but Peter II didn't care. He made serfdom stricter by not allowing serfs to volunteer for military service and escape their status.

After Menshikov fell, Prince Aleksey Dolgorukov and his son Ivan became the Emperor's favorites. Ivan led Peter II into a reckless lifestyle—feasting, playing cards, and spending time with women. Peter II soon became addicted to alcohol.

The coronation of Peter II took place in Moscow on 9 January 1728, but he didn't pay much attention to running the country. Foreign witnesses said Russia was in a terrible mess with no one getting paid, and people were stealing. Moving the court back to Moscow in 1728 upset Saint Petersburg, a city Peter the Great worked hard to develop.

Peter II visited Saint Petersburg sometimes but mostly lived a carefree life, influenced by the Dolgorukovs. He became interested in Ekaterina Dolgorukova and got engaged to her, even though he wasn't really interested. The wedding was planned for 30 January 1730.

In December 1729, Peter II got seriously ill, and his condition worsened after a feast on 17 January 1730. He was diagnosed with smallpox, and in his delirium, he wanted to visit his sister who had already died. He died on January 30, the day he was supposed to marry Ekaterina Dolgorukova. He was buried in Moscow's Cathedral of the Archangel, an honor given to only a few Russian monarchs.

With Peter's death, the Romanov dynasty's direct male ended. Anna Ivanovna, daughter of Peter the Great's half-brother, became emperor.

US Navy classes

In the United States Navy, ships belong to different classes depending on how they are judged by the Secretary of the Navy under the President of the United States.

Jeanbon Saint-André

Jean Bon Saint-André ( 25 February 1749 – 10 December 1813) was a French politician of the Revolutionary era.

Lamech

Lamech was the son of Methuselah. He became the father of both sons and daughters. He named his son Noah “for he shall be a comfort to us”.

Jared (biblical figure)

Jared was the son of Mahalalel and the father of Enoch. He also had other sons and daughters

Mahalalel

Mahalalel was the son of Kenan. He became the father of Jared and also had other sons and daughters.

Kenan

Kenan was the son of Enosh. He became the father of Mahalalel and had sons and daughters.

Enosh

Enosh was the son of Seth. He became the father of Kenan and had sons and daughters.

Gregory (Five Nights at Freddy's)

Gregory (also known as GGY or Patient 46) is a major character in the Five Nights at Freddy's video game franchise. He is a young child who works for Glitchtrap with Vanny. However, he would later change himself and attempt to escape Freddy Fazbear's Pizza Place.
He serves as the main protagonist of the 2021 video game and a cameo character of its DLC expansion. He was also the secondary antagonist of the Tales from the Pizzaplex books, serving as the main antagonist of GGY, and a boss in Freddy in Space 3: Chica in Space.

Azure Dragon

The Azure Dragon", "called "Qinglong" in Chinese, is a Dragon God representing the forces of the Five Regions' Highest Deities. It is a part of the Chinese constellations known as the Four Symbols. It symbolizes the east and the spring season. People sometimes call it the 'Blue-green Dragon', 'Green Dragon', or the 'Blue Dragon'.

In various contexts, media, feng shui, and different cultures, this Dragon is known as the "Green Dragon" and the "Avalon Dragon". Its title for cardinal direction is the "Blue-green Dragon of the East" (Dōngfāng Qīnglóng). The same dragon is referred to as Seiryu in Japanese, Cheongryong in Korean, and Thanh Long in Vietnamese.

There are seven astrological "Mansions" (positions of the Moon) within the Azure Dragon. The names and their stars are following:

Züleyha Tan-Yıldız

Züleyha Tan-Yıldız (born 2 April 1968) is a Turkish taekwondo athlete. She won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the featherweight event. 

At the 1987 World Taekwondo Championships, she won the bronze medal and at the European Taekwondo Championships she became European champion in 1986 and 1988.

She is the older sister, Arzu Tan (born 1973 in Istanbul) who also became a taekwondo athlete and world champion in 1991.

Judith Pirchmoser

Judith Pirchmoser (born 20 April 1968) is an Austrian taekwondo practitioner, and fitness instructor. She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the lightweight event. 

At the European Taekwondo Championships she won the silver medal in 1990 and bronze medal in 1992 and 1994.


AEW Full Gear

AEW Full Gear is a professional wrestling event produced every year by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2019 and is held in the November time slot of AEW's pay-per-view calendar. It is one of AEW's big four pay-per-views. The name of the event is a reference to a segment from the YouTube series "Being The Elite".

Pseudophilautus popularis

The common shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus popularis") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it between 0 and 1067 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 17.7 – 21.3 mm long in from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 23.0 – 25.6 mm long when her body is full of eggs. The top of the frog's head and back are brown in color. The sides of the body are dark brown or black in color with some white or light blue marks. The area near where the back legs meet the body is gray-brown in color. The area around the eardrum has blue dots. The legs are brown with darker brown stripes across. The belly is gray-brown in color. The bottoms of the back legs are yellow in color. The webbed skin on the feet is yellow in color.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities and because pollution, chemicals that make crops grow, and chemicals that kill pests can also kill the frog. Scientists have seen that one of the places where the frog lives, Bellanwila-Attidiya sanctuary, is a protected park.

Health in Switzerland

In 2015, Switzerland had the lowest mortality rate in Europe, at 331 per 100,000 population. It had the highest rate of death from drug use at 3 per 100,000. Life expectancy in 2013 was 80.5 years for men and 84.8 years for women. There are 220,000 regular consumers of cannabis. Mental health problems are common, affecting about a fifth of the population. 

Goitre and associated deaf-muteism was widespread in Switzerland until the 1920s. In 1921 30% of 19-year-old Swiss conscripts had a goitre. In Bern, 94% of schoolchildren had some swelling of the neck and almost 70% had a goitre. About 10% of children were born with what was then known as cretinism. They grew little more than a metre tall, and had compressed features, thick skin, thin hair and distended bellies. They could not hear or speak and were profoundly brain-damaged. In 1883 a survey of goitre found rates were low in the Jura mountains and in the southern canton of Ticino, but very high in the rest of the country. In some villages one third of the people were deaf. Dr Heinrich Hunziker, a GP in Adliswil, discovered the cause in 1914 - a lack of iodine. In the last ice age, a permanent ice sheet formed over the Alps. It thawed and refroze in stages, and with every thaw, meltwater washed the iodine out of the soil. When iodised salt was introduced, first in the canton of Appenzell Ausserrhoden in 1922, goitre and associated problems disappeared. Since 1930, no babies have been born in Switzerland with congenital iodine deficiency syndrome.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 3)

The third series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" began on 26 January 2004 and ended on 9 February 2004. The programme ran for 15 days (16 days if counting the morning the finalists exited) and was sponsored by First Choice Holidays. The series was won by Kerry Katona (McFadden at the time).

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 4)

The fourth series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" began on November to December 2005. The series was won by comedian Joe Pasquale with Paul Burrell came in second place by a 2% margin.

AEW Double or Nothing

AEW Double or Nothing is a professional wrestling event produced every year by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2019 and is held in the May time slot of AEW's pay-per-view calendar. It is one of AEW's big four pay-per-views. The name of the event comes from a promo that Cody Rhodes did after All In in which he said "I know when you make a bet, sometimes you go double or nothing".

The Stadium Stampede and Anarchy in the Arena matches are usually held during the pay-per-view.

Ayat Al-Qurmezi

Ayat Hassan Mohammed Al-Qurmezi (Arabic: آيات حسن محمد القرمزي; also Al-Qormezi, al-Ghermezi; born 1 January 1991) is a Bahraini Poet, Student and Activist. Al-Qurmezi became famous in Bahrain and around the world when she recited a poem during the 2011 Bahrain Uprising, criticizing the government's policies to a gathering of pro-democracy protesters at the Pearl Roundabout. Her poem spread widely on social media. But after this, both Ayat and her family faced harassment "(both online and offline)" and threats of violence. In 2015, she won the Student Peace Prize for "her unwavering struggle for democracy and human rights in Bahrain".

Ayat Al-Qurmezi was born on 1 January, 1991, in the town of Sanad, Bahrain. She is a notable poet and activist known for her outspokenness and involvement in the pro-democracy movement in Bahrain during the 2011 Bahrain Uprising. She has 4 brothers. In the 1990s her father and 2 of her brothers had also been imprisoned for speaking about political reforms.

She gained widespread attention for her poetry recitations criticizing the government particularly King Hamad and advocating for political reform during the Arab Spring protests in Bahrain in 2011. Her powerful verses resonated with many seeking social and political change in the country. Her house address was leaked openly through local news channels "(so that pro-government supporters attacked her)" making her go into a hideout for some days. On 6 March 2011, she read a poem to the crowd at Pearl Roundabout which criticized King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa. One of the lines from her poem, translates to: "We are the people who will kill humiliation and assassinate misery. Don't you hear their cries? Don't you hear their screams?"

Al-Qurmezi's activism and expressive poetry led to her arrest in March 2011, sparking international concern over her detention and the crackdown on dissent in Bahrain. The arrest was done by Bahrain police hiding their face with masks and storming the house of Ayat's family at night. When they didn't find Ayat their, they held her father at gunpoint and told the family to tell where Ayat was hiding. Her mother eventually disclosed the location, that she was at her cousin's house. The police went there and after beating her several times, arrested her. She was sentenced to one year in prison for charges related to her participation in protests and reciting poems critical of King Hamad.

Her imprisonment and later torture in prison drew widespread condemnation from human rights organizations such as Amnesty International and activists globally, with many advocating for her release and highlighting her case as representative of the broader struggle for freedom of expression in Bahrain. Because of the international pressure, she was released after 3 months and 16 days.

Despite facing hardships, Ayat Al-Qurmezi's resilience and courage in using her poetry as a means of activism have left a lasting impact, symbolizing the ongoing fight for human rights and freedom of speech in Bahrain. Her work continues to inspire others in advocating for social and political change.

List of poets from the United States

This is a list of poets from the United States, or American poets, that have written important poetry or famous poetry.

Poets that are alive, are at the bottom of the list.









































































I’m a Celebrity…South Africa

I'm a Celebrity... South Africa is an ITV reality television series, with the premise being an All Star edition of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" featuring campmates from previous series. The series aired between 24 April and 12 May 2023. Ant & Dec presented the series.

On 12 May 2023, series 6 runner-up Myleene Klasswas crowned winner of the series after defeating series 16 campmate Jordan Banjo in the final survival trial, who ultimately finished as runner-up.

AEW Revolution

AEW Revolution is a professional wrestling event produced every year by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2020 and is held in the March time slot of AEW's pay-per-view calendar. The event was first held in Feburary but got pushed to March because of the Canelo Alvarez vs. Avni Yildirim fight aired the same night. It is one of AEW's big four pay-per-views.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 19)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its nineteenth series on 17 November 2019 on ITV. This series featured McPartlin's return as the show’s co-host, who was replaced by "This Morning co"-presenter Holly Willoughby in 2018, after deciding to take a year’s hiatus from television. He appeared again alongside Declan Donnelly. The series opening episode was watched by 13.17 million people.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 20)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its twentieth series on 15 November 2020 on ITV. Due to the COVID-19 travel restrictions, the series was not filmed in Australia for the first time in the show's history, but was instead filmed at Gwrych Castle in Abergele, Wales.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 21)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its twenty-first series on 21 November 2021 on ITV. As with series 20, due to COVID-19 travel restrictions, the series was filmed at Gwrych Castle in Abergele, Wales.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 22)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its twenty-second series on 6 November 2022 on ITV.The series returned to Murwillumbah, New South Wales, Australia, for the first time since 2019, following the easing of travel restrictions surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic. Ant & Dec returned to present the series.

AEW All Out

AEW All Out is a professional wrestling event produced every year by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2019 and is held in the September time slot of AEW's pay-per-view calendar, usually around Labor Day weekend. It is one of AEW's big four pay-per-views. The name "All In" was owned by Ring of Honor (ROH) at the time and AEW owner Tony Khan didn't want to get sued so he chose the name "All Out" for his pay-per-view. Khan would later purchase and own Ring of Honor.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 23)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its twenty-third series on 19 November 2023 on ITV. The series is being filmed in Murwillumbah, New South Wales, with Ant & Dec returning to present the series.

Following the conclusion of the twenty-second series, ITV confirmed an "All-Stars" series "I'm a Celebrity...South Africa" featuring previous contestants, which aired earlier in 2023 and was won by Myleene Klass. The first trailer for the twenty-third series aired in October 2023, which featured a ten-second clip of presenters Ant & Dec working at a luxury "Jungle Retreat" and with an added voiceover speaking the words "Come away with us [to the Jungle Retreat]". A further extended trailer was released a week later, teasing the series as a peaceful and relaxing setting fit for a celebrity with Ant & Dec undertaking jobs such as pouring mealworms into a bath. It also included a voiceover describing the eating trials as "exotic cuisine" and enticing celebrities to join the "ultimate jungle experience". The trailer also features a five-star "Jungle Retreat" sign as well as an aerial view of the beach overseeing Ant & Dec writing the words "Get Me Out of He[re]" in the sand.

The original line-up was announced by ITV on 13 November 2023. On 22 November 2023, Frankie Dettori and Tony Bellew were confirmed as this year's late arrivals. Grace Dent and Jamie Lynn Spears both withdrew from the series due to "medical grounds" on 27 and 29 November respectively. On 6th December, it was announced that Jamie Lynn Spears left the jungle without “medical reason” and she was reportedly in talks to quit I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! for days, it has been claimed.
On 29 November Spears withdrew from I'm a Celebrity for "medical reasons" but on 5 December Spears took part in a group dance performance on season 32 of Dancing with the Stars.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 5)

The fifth series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" began on 20 November 2005 and ended on 5 December 2005. The programme ran for 16 days (18 days if counting the day the celebrities arrived and the morning the finalists exited). The series was won by Carol Thatcher.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 6)

"I'm a Celebrity... Get Me out of Here!" returned to ITVfor a sixth series on Monday 13 November 2006 and ran until Friday 1 December 2006. Once again the series was hosted by Ant and Dec.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 8)

I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! returned to ITV1 for an eighth series from 16 November to 5 December 2008. Ant & Dec returned to present the main show on ITV, whilst Matt Willis, Emma Willis and Mark Durden-Smith returned to host spin-off show "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! NOW!" on ITV2. It was the first series to use a redesigned logo, which imitates the Hollywood Sign. The winner of this series was Joe Swash.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 9)

"I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" returned to ITV1and ITV2 for a ninth series on 15 November 2009. It broadcast for three weeks and concluded on 4 December 2009. There was however an additional "Coming Out" episode on 7 December 2009, showing all the celebrities and what they did after they left the jungle.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 10)

"I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" returned for its tenth series on 14 November 2010. It ran for 3 weeks. Ant & Dec returned as the presenters for the main show, and its spin off show "Get Me out of Here... Now"returned, with Caroline Flack and Joe Swash as main presenters. On 4 December 2010, singer Stacey Solomon won the show.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 11)

"I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" returned for its eleventh series on 13 November 2011, where  Ant & Dec were back as presenters. On its spin off show, "Get Me Out of Here NOW!," Laura Whitmore, Russell Kaneand Joe Swash were new presenters.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 12)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its twelfth series on 11 November 2012 and finished on 1 December 2012. Ant & Dec returned as main hosts, with Laura Whitmore and Joe Swash returning as hosts of spin-off show "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! NOW!". On 16 June 2012, it was announced that Russell Kane would be leaving "Get Me Out of Here! NOW!". He has been replaced by comedian Rob Beckett.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 13)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its thirteenth series on 17 November 2013 on ITV, and ended on 8 December 2013.
United Democratic Party (Belize)

The United Democratic Party (UDP) is one of the two major political parties in Belize. It is currently the main opposition party. It lost the 2020 Belizean general election, after previously holding the government for three terms. Founded as a centre-right conservative party, the UDP is led by Shyne Barrow.

The party had been in power since 7 February 2008. It attempted to win a fourth consecutive general election. UDP Leader and Prime Minister, Dean Barrow stated he would step down from both positions on 2 November 2020, after the new Prime Minister of Belize has been officially sworn-in by Govonor-General, Colville Young. The UDP scheduled a May 2019 convention and election, but after Barrow’s cabinet urged him to stay on as Prime Minister and Leader of the UDP, he pushed back that date in January 2019 to February 2020. On 10 August 2019, The UDP’s National Party Council met and set the date of the UDP’s leadership convention and election on 9 February 2019. The venue will be at the Belize Civic Centre, according to the party organ, The Guardian. Deputy Prime Minister of Belize, Patrick Faber and Minister of National Security and Defence, John Saldivar contested the position of UDP Leader. Minister of Health, Pablo Marin contested the position of Deputy Leader. Minister of Natural Resources, Hugo Patt also contested for Deputy Leader. Patt and Minister of Foreign Affairs, Wilfred Elrington were mentioned as possible candidates to contest the position of UDP Leader. However, both declined in June 2018. On 5 June 2019, Belize Breaking News (BBN) published an article stating that the UDP has a high chance of capitalising and making history by wining a fourth consecutive term come 2020, given the results of the 2019 Belizean territorial dispute referendum went in the favour of the UDP. The UDP was long campaigning for an “Yes” vote to bring Guatemala’s claim to the International Court of Justice (ICJ), while the PUP eyed the “No” vote while some of its Politicians still supported “Yes” as they thought that was the right thing to do. A victory in the next election would be monumental as the party navigates new Leadership with the departure of several senior members. The UDP Cabinet, though marred by waves of scandal and revelations of systemic corruption across Government departments throughout its 11-year reign, has withered the political storms.

People's United Party

The People's United Party (PUP) is one of two major political parties in Belize. It is currently the governing party of Belize after success in the 2020 Belizean general election. It won a majority of 26 seats out of 31 in the Belizean House of Representatives. It is a centre-left Christian democratic party. The party leader is Johnny Briceño, who is the Prime Minister of Belize.

Despite gains in Belize City in the 2015 election, most notably Kareem Musa’s upset win over Belize City Mayor, Darrell Bradley in the Caribbean Shores constituency, it remained at 11 seats overall thanks to losses in the Cayo and Corozal Districts. The PUP ran in 2020 with Johnny Briceño as it's Leader. Francis Fonseca, who led the party during the past two general elections, resigned from leadership soon after the party’s 2015 loss. 

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 14)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its fourteenth series on 16 November 2014 on ITV and ended on 7 December 2014.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 16)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its sixteenth series on 13 November 2016 on ITV. It was the second in a three-year contract, as confirmed by Ant & Dec at the end of the "Coming Out" show on 9 December 2015.
I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 17)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its seventeenth series on 19 November 2017 on ITV. The series is the third in a three-year contract, as confirmed by Ant & Dec at the end of the Coming Out show in December 2016.
Jim Bankoff

James Phillip Bankoff (born December 23, 1969) is an American businessman who helped create the media company Vox Media. He is also the chief executive officer, which means he makes big decisions at the company. 

Bankoff was born in December 23, 1969 and raised in the United States. He earned his Master of Business Administration degree at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

Bankoff helped "SB Nation's" first time raising money. He became its chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) in January 2009. He expanded "SB Nation"'s network and number of writers. In November 2011, Bankoff co-founded Vox Media as the parent company for "SB Nation" and "The Verge". As Vox Media's chairman and CEO, Bankoff grew the company through acquisitions. He oversees the company's media brands.

Sprite Winter Spiced Cranberry

Sprite Winter Spiced Cranberry (or Sprite Cranberry) is a limited edition version of the soft-drink Sprite. Sprite Cranberry is owned by the Coca-Cola Company. The drink came out in 2013. This version was created to combat the drink Mist Twist Cranberry Splash by PepsiCo.The drink is limited to only come out during the winter season. The drink got popular because in 2017 LeBron James was featured in an animated commercial where he said the now famous quote, "Want a sprite cranberry?". Sprite Cranberry takes tangy cranberry flavor and seamlessly mixes it with the original Sprite, creating something entirely spectacular and unique. Something that still promises to deliver the crisp, refreshing, and intense taste you love, but with an added twist. There are different sizes ranging from the 7.5 fl oz, 12 fl oz, 16.9 fl oz, 20 fl oz, 2 Liters. There is also a zero sugar version of Sprite Cranberry. 

7.5 fl oz: 

12 fl oz: 

16.9 fl oz: 

20 fl oz:

2 Liter: 

Dan Olaru

Dan Olaru (born 11 November 1996) is a Moldovan archer. Olaru competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Nadejda Palovandova

Nadejda Palovandova (born 1 September 1975) is a Moldovan archer. Palovandova competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

List of Sony Music artists

This is a list of recording artists signed to Sony Music Entertainment.




 Carrie Underwood (Arista Nashville)

Camela Fallah

Camelia Fallah (; born 3 January 2002) is an Iranian professional footballer. He currently plays for Persepolis in the Persian Gulf Pro League.

Steeven Saba

Steeven Saba (born 24 February 1993) is a Haitian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ligue Haïtienne club Violette and the Haiti national team.

Garry Winogrand

Garry Winogrand (January 14, 1928 – March 19, 1984) was an American street photographer, known for his portrayal of U.S. life and its social issues, in the mid-20th century.

Love Island (2015 TV series)

Love Island is a British dating game show. It is a revival of the earlier celebrity series of the same name, which aired for two series in 2005 and 2006.

"Love Island Pool Party" compilation albums have been released by Ministry of Sound since 2018. A "Love Island" app was released in 2017 


CAP theorem

The CAP theorem, also known as Brewer's theorem, is a concept in distributed computing that outlines the trade-offs between three crucial properties—Consistency, Availability, and Partition Tolerance. Proposed by Eric Brewer around the year 2000, the CAP theorem asserts that, in a distributed data store, it is impossible to simultaneously guarantee all three of the following:


In a distributed system, network partitions (communication breakdowns between nodes) are inevitable. The CAP theorem acknowledges that, during a network partition, a choice must be made between providing consistency or availability. This led to the famous saying that in the event of a network partition, a system can either be "consistent and partition-tolerant (CP)" or "available and partition-tolerant (AP)."

The CAP theorem is a fundamental principle in designing and understanding distributed systems, influencing architects and engineers in making decisions about system trade-offs based on the specific requirements and priorities of their applications.

Veronika Zhilina

Zhilina was born on 15 May 2008 in Arkhangelsk, Russia. She is a junior high school student and her hobbies include practicing sports. Her younger sister, Alena, is a figure skater as well.


Rasika Dugal

Rasika Dugal is an Indian actress. She is known for her roles in several Indian movies and television shows.

Sam Bahadur (movie)

Sam Bahadur is an upcoming Indian Hindi language biographical war drama movie. It is based on the life of India's first field marshal, Sam Manekshaw. It is directed by Meghna Gulzar and produced by Ronnie Screwvala, under the banner of RSVP Movies. The movie stars Vicky Kaushal, Sanya Malhotra, Fatima Sana Shaikh and others.


On 13 October 2023 the official teaser was released by the RSVP Movies production. The movie will be theatrically release on 1 December 2023.

Naveen Andrews

Naveen William Sidney Andrews (born 17 January 1969) is a British actor. He played Sayid Jarrah in the television series "Lost" (2004–2010),

River Garry, Perthshire

The River Garry () is a major tributary of the River Tummel, itself a tributary of the River Tay, in the traditional county of Perthshire in the Scottish Highlands.

Loch Naver

Loch Naver is a large loch in the Farr Parish of Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in Northern Scotland. The B873 main road is on the north side of the loch. The loch has many settlements and former settlements on its shores and more larger ones in its vicinity.

Historically Loch Naver was a popular area for Crofting and Fishing throughout most of the 19th Century, before the Sutherland Clearances forced tenants out of the area leaving most of the settlements on the loch abandoned. The area is now a minor tourist destination and a popular area for fishing.

The name of Loch Naver is one of the oldest in Great Britain, writings of Ptolomy from the 2nd Century mention the area now known as Strathnaver from the Greek word ""Nabh"" believed to roughly mean cloud or wet cloud. It is believed that it was named like this because of the fog in the area. Loch Naver is the source of the water which runs through this valley and inherited the same name.

The entire Strathnaver area is believed to have had residents since the last Ice Age but might have even inhabited by Neanderthals at one point. The oldest evidence of residence on the banks of the Loch date back to around 100 BC with a Broch located in the settlement of Grummore. By the 11th Century, the area was rules by the Earls of Caithness however in the late 12th Century the area was taken over by the Norse after a battle at Dalharrold at the eastern edge of the Loch. Around this time, many crofting and fishing settlements were inhabited on the Loch. Including Grummore, Klibreck, Reidhachaisteil, Dailmalhard, Dalharrold and Ruighnasealbhaig.

Loch Naver and the area around it, were affected a lot by the sutherland clearances. The clearances began in 1813 around the entire Strathnaver area however it isn't clear if any of the evictions were on the Loch. In 1819 clearances continued at a much larger scale including the depopulation of the entire settlement of Grummore and by the end of the 19th Century the banks of Loch Naver were almost completely unpopulated.

Loch Naver is the head and the source of Strathnaver, it is elevated 75 metres above sea level, the Loch is around 6 miles (10 km) in length and averages around one third of a mile (600m) in width. The area of the loch is 2 and one quarter square miles or 1446 acres.

The primary inflow into the Loch is the River Mudale which flows from Loch Meadie and Loch Fiag. The river flows into the Loch from the North-Western edge of the Loch. Other inflows include the River Vagastie, Grummore Burn and the Klibreck Burn.

The Primary Outflow of Loch Naver is The River Naver.

Loch Naver has the following settlements on its shores:


And there are also some near its shores:


Locomotive 132 of the Highland Railway Loch Class was named after the Loch.

Gurpreet Bedi

Gurpreet Bedi is an Indian actress. She is best known for her character 'Reeva' in Sony Television's Dil Hi Toh Hai. She has an elder sister named Supreet Bedi, who is also an actress and tv presenter.


Murshidabad-Jiaganj

Murshidabad-Jiaganj is a community development block that forms an administrative division in the Lalbag subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal.

Gyani Shah

Gyaani Shah (15 June 1923 – 8 December 2012), is the first Nepalese woman to join Nepal Army. She is also known for one of the first people in Nepal to promote Christian religion in Nepal after miraculously being saved by a Christian lady.


Turkistan (city)

Turkistan (, ) is a city in Kazakhstan, the capital of the Turkistan Region. As of 2023, the population of the city is 220,133.

Turkistan is one of the most old cities of Kazakhstan.

Arys, Kazakhstan

Arys () is a city in the Turkistan Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, the population of the city is 51,997 and the population of urban area is 78,997.

It is on the left bank of the Arys River, which flows into the Syr Darya River.

Zhetisay

Zhetisay (, ) is a city in the Turkistan Region of Kazakhstan. There are 45,130 people living there (as of 2023).

It was founded in 1939. It was given city status in 1969.

Kentau

Kentau () is a city in the Turkistan Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, the population of the city is 74,464 and the population of urban area is 99,400.

The city was called Mirgalimsay. In 1955 it was renamed to Kentau and given city status.

Neeraj Shridhar

Neeraj Shridhar is an Indian film composer and singer-songwriter who was the lead vocalist of Indian pop and rock group Bombay Vikings. Bombay Vikings became popular with remix hits like "Kya Soorat Hai", "Woh Chali" and "Chod Do Anchal."


Saryagash

Saryagash (, ) is a city in the Turkistan Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, the population of the city is 61,482.

Saryagash is close to Uzbekistan, 10 km from the border.

Girdhari L. Tikku

Giridhari (Giri) Lal Tikku (18 August 1925 in Kashmir-14 August 1996) was a Kashmiri linguist and literary scholar and Professor of Persian and Asian Studies at the University of Illinois. He was known for his works on Persian literature.

 
Girish Kumar

Girish Kumar Taurani (born 30 January 1989) is an Indian actor working in the Hindi film industry. Kumar made his Bollywood debut with the romantic comedy film "Ramaiya Vastavaiya", opposite Shruti Haasan, which was released on 19 July 2013.

Lenger

Lenger (, ) is a city in the Turkistan Region of Kazakhstan. There are 33,841 people living there (as of 2023).

Lenger used to be the village of "Lenger-sai". In 1945 it received city status.

Golagheh Mordeh

Golagheh Mordeh is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 118, in 27 families.

Himani Bannerji

Himani Bannerji (born 1942) is a Canadian writer, sociologist, scholar, and philosopher from Kolkata, West Bengal, India. She teaches in the Department of Sociology, the Graduate Programme in Social and Political Thought, and the Graduate Programme in Women's Studies at York University in Canada. She is also known for her activist work and poetry. She received her B.A. and M.A. in English from Visva-Bharati University and Jadavpur University respectively, and her M.A. and Ph.D. from the University of Toronto.


Shardara

Shardara () is a city in the Turkistan Region of Kazakhstan. There are 32,107 people that live there (as of 2023).

Water is taken from the Shardara Reservoir ().

Garment Workers' Union

The Garment Workers' Union was a trade union representing workers in the clothing industry in Norway.

 
Valashahr

valashar (, also Romanized as Vālāshāhr) is a city and capital of Jereh and Baladeh District, in Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.

Upington

Upington is a city in the Northern Cape province of South Africa. It is on the banks of the Orange River. The town was founded in 1873. It was originally called Olijvenhoutsdrift, olive trees are common in the area. It was later renamed after Sir Thomas Upington, Attorney-General and then Prime Minister of the Cape. At the start it was a mission station established in 1871 and run by Reverend Christiaan Schröder. The mission station now houses the Kalahari Orange Museum. The museum is also the home of a donkey statue, which recognises the enormous contribution that this animal made to the development of the region during the pioneering days of the 19th century.

Upington is at a height of 2,742 feet (835 metres). It is the closest large centre to the Augrabies Falls and the Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park. The landscape is very arid but the soil is fertile and crops such as fruit are grown in irrigated fields. The area is best known for its export-quality grapes, raisins and wines, which are cultivated on the rich flood plains of the Orange River.

Akshay Oberoi

Akshay Oberoi (born 1 January 1985) is an American actor of Indian descent, who works in Hindi films. After making his acting debut as a child in the 2002 comedy-drama "American Chai", Oberoi played his first leading role in Rajshri Productions film "Isi Life Mein" (2010). Oberoi has received critical acclaim for his work.

 

Ganesha Temple, Morgaon

Shri Mayureshwar Mandir or Shri Moreshwar Temple is a Hindu temple ("mandir") dedicated to Ganesha, god of wisdom. It is located in Moragaon in Pune District, about 65 km away from Pune city in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The temple is the starting and ending point of a pilgrimage of eight revered Ganesha temples called Ashtavinayaka.

Lisky, Kyiv

Lisky is a locality, a settlement in the Dniprovskyi District, Kyiv, bordering Stara Darnytsia in the west. It stretches along Almatynska, Profspilkova, Kalachivska and Vilnyuska streets.

Loretta Brown

Loretta Brown is a fictional character from the animated television series "Family Guy". The character is voiced by actress Alex Borstein and first appeared in the episode titled "Death is a Bitch," which originally aired on February 26, 2000. Loretta is a supporting character and is known for her role as Cleveland Brown's wife.

Loretta is portrayed as a loving and supportive wife to Cleveland Brown, one of the main characters in "Family Guy". Her character is defined by her calm demeaner and patience, often serving as a stabilizing force in the chaotic world of the show. Loretta and Cleveland have a son named Cleveland Jr.

In the fourth season of "Family Guy", Loretta's character underwent a significant development. In the episode titled "Peter's Got Woods" (November 6, 2005), Loretta discovers that Cleveland has been neglecting her emotional needs, leading to the end of their marriage. Subsequently, Loretta divorces Cleveland and leaves Quahog to move to Smethwick, Birmingham.


While Loretta Brown is no longer an active character on "Family Guy", her presence is still felt through references and flashbacks. The character's departure had a lasting impact on the show's narrative and character relationships.


[1] "Death is a Bitch" - "Family Guy", Season 2, Episode 6, February 26, 2000.

[2] "Peter's Got Woods" - "Family Guy", Season 4, Episode 11, November 6, 2005.

Jaytime

Jaytime, is an Afrobeat artist celebrated for his remarkable versatility. He blends traditional African rhythms with modern beats, resulting in a captivating sound that resonates.

He is the founder of Sweetstars Entertainment.

Jaytime gained recognition with the track ""Come to Me"." "Subsequently", he released ""Kiss N Tell"" featuring Buju, now known as Bnxn, and "Never Say Never" in 2022. His EP, "Sweetnibes Vol 1", released in January 2023, further solidified his position in the music scene. The track "Basically" received significant recognition on popular streaming platforms.

List of extended plays with selected details
List of charted singles, with selected chart positions

Little Nightmares II

Little Nightmares II is a puzzle-platform horror adventure game made by Tarsier Studios and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment. It is the prequel to the first game, "Little Nightmares" (2017). The story shows Mono, who has to work together with Six, the protagonist from the first game, to survive the scary things of the Pale City and discover its dark secrets. The game was released for Google Stadia, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Windows and Xbox One on 11 February 2021. An updated version, named "Little Nightmares II: Enhanced Edition", was made by Supermassive Games and released on 25 August 2021 for PlayStation 5, Windows, and Xbox Series X/S.

The game got mostly good reviews when it came out. The players/reviewers liked its graphics, atmosphere, gameplay, and sound. But some did not like the controls and found a few accidental glitches. It sold a million copies worldwide in just one month. A sequel was made called ""Little Nightmares III"", which is still in development by Supermassive Games. It is announced to be released around 2024.

Nancy Fraser

Nancy Fraser (; born May 20, 1947) is an American philosopher. She is professor of of philosophy at The New School in New York City, and she also has the title "the Henry A. and Louise Loeb Professor of Political and Social Science" at that university.

She was president of the American Philosophical Association Eastern Division (during or) for the 2017–2018 term.

Magadha

Magadha was a kingdom located in southern northeastern India and Nepal. It went through different dynasties like the Brihadratha, Haryanka, Shaishunaga, Nanda, Mauryan, Shunga, and Kanva dynasties. Over time, Magadha lost some of its lands to the Satavahanas in 28 BC and became a smaller principality.

During the time of the Mauryas, Magadha became a large empire, covering a big part of north India and Nepal. Magadha was central to the Nanda Empire, Maurya Empire, Shunga Empire, and Gupta Empire. The Pala Empire also ruled over Magadha and had a royal camp in Pataliputra. Even after the major empires, the Pithipatis of Bodh Gaya continued to call themselves Magadhādipati and ruled parts of Magadha until the 13th century.

Before Magadha expanded, its kingdom was limited by the Ganges, Son, and Campā rivers to the north, west, and east, while the southern border was formed by the eastern spurs of the Vindhya mountains. This initial Magadha kingdom covered what is now Patna and Gaya districts in the Indian state of Bihar.

Greater Magadha, which was part of the eastern Gangetic plains, included nearby areas and parts of Nepal, and had its own unique culture and beliefs.

The Magadha people are mentioned in ancient texts like the Atharvaveda along with other groups. The main part of their kingdom was in Bihar, south of the Ganges River. Their first capital was Rajagriha, later known as Rajgir, and then Pataliputra, which is modern Patna. Magadha grew by conquering Vajjika League and Anga, covering most of Bihar and parts of Bengal, Jharkhand, Orissa, Uttar Pradesh, and Nepal.

The kingdom is talked about in Jain and Buddhist texts, as well as in the Ramayana, Mahabharata, and the Puranas. The early rulers are not well-known, but the Haryanka dynasty led for about 200 years from 543 to 413 BCE. Gautama Buddha, the founder of Buddhism, lived in Magadha, gaining enlightenment in Bodh Gaya and giving his first sermon in Sarnath.

The Haryanka dynasty was followed by the Shishunaga dynasty, and later, Mahapadma Nanda ended their rule in 345 BCE. Chandragupta Maurya defeated the Nandas around 321 BCE, starting the Mauryan Empire. Under King Ashoka, it expanded across India. After the Mauryan Empire, the Shunga and Khārabēḷa empires followed, replaced by the Gupta Empire. The Gupta capital remained in Pataliputra in Magadha.

Following is the Chronology of rulers according to the Buddhist Mahavamsa:

Lita Ford

Lita Rossana Ford (born 19 September 1958) is an English-born guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter. She was the lead guitarist for the all-female rock band the Runaways in the late 1970s, and then embarked on a successful glam metal solo career that hit its peak in the late 1980s. The 1989 single "Close My Eyes Forever", a duet with Ozzy Osbourne, remains Ford's most successful song, reaching No. 8 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.



Thomism

Thomism is a philosophy and theology school based on the ideas of Thomas Aquinas, a Dominican philosopher and theologian from the 1200s. His famous works include disputed questions and commentaries on Aristotle in philosophy, and the Summa Theologica in theology, which is very important in medieval theology and still guides the Catholic Church's philosophy and theology.

Pope Pius X in 1914 emphasized that understanding the Church's teachings requires knowing Thomas's fundamental ideas. According to him, these ideas are like the solid base for understanding both natural and divine things. If these principles are ignored, it becomes hard for students to grasp the meanings of the Church's teachings.

Thomas Aquinas believed in accepting truth from any source. He combined ideas from Greek, Roman, Islamic, and Jewish philosophers. He was a realist, meaning he thought the world could be known as it is. Thomas often supported Aristotle's views and used Aristotle's terms and ideas. He also followed some neoplatonic principles, such as the belief in God as the essential being and everything being good by participating in this essential goodness.

Aquinas changed the direction of Scholasticism, moving it from neoplatonism to Aristotle's ideas. This shift had a big impact on Catholicism and the ethics of the Catholic school, making it one of the most influential philosophies ever. Many people follow its teachings.

However, during Aquinas' time, some of his ideas were banned in Paris by Bishop Stephen Tempier, and some were condemned by ecclesiastical authorities in 1277. The Franciscan Order opposed Aquinas, while the Dominicans defended his work. Early critics included William de la Mare, Henry of Ghent, Giles of Rome, and Jon Duns Scotus. On the other hand, defenders included Albertus Magnus, Richard Knapwell, William Macclesfeld, Giles of Lessines, John of Quidort, Bernard of Auvergne, and Thomas of Sutton.

Aquinas was canonized in 1323, and the condemnation of 1277 was revoked. Later, Thomism faced challenges from the via moderna, especially from William of Ockham and followers. Dominican theologians mainly held on to Thomism, and it gained strength in the 16th century in the Iberian Peninsula, with figures like Francisco de Vitoria, Domingo de Soto, John of St. Thomas, Domingo Báñez, and others.

In the modern period, Pope Leo XIII tried to revive Thomism with the encyclical Aeterni Patris in 1879. This led to Neothomism, which emphasized the ethical aspects of Thomism. It dominated the Roman Catholic Church until the Second Vatican Council. Thomism is still an influential philosophy in Catholicism today, although the Church does not favor one philosophy over others.

In recent times, the cognitive neuroscientist Walter Freeman suggests that Thomism is a philosophical system that aligns well with the understanding of cognition in neuroscience.

Paris-Saclay

Paris-Saclay is a technology and science park near Saclay in Île-de-France. It includes research institutions, two large French universities with higher education institutions ("grandes écoles") and also research centers of private companies. In 2013, Technology Review ranked Paris-Saclay among the top 8 research groups in the world. In 2014, it represented almost 15% of France's scientific research capacity.

The first settlements date back to the 1950s, and the area expanded several times in the 1970s and 2000s. Several campus development projects are currently underway, including the relocation of some facilities.

The area is now home to many of the largest high-tech companies in Europe, as well as the two best French universities, the Paris-Saclay University (CentraleSupélec, ENS Paris-Saclay, ...) and the Polytechnic Institute of Paris (École polytechnique, Télécom Paris, HEC Paris ...). In the ARWU 2020 ranking, Paris-Saclay University is ranked 14th in the world for mathematics and 9th in the world for physics (1st in Europe).

The goal was to strengthen the cluster to create an international science and technology center that could compete with other high-tech districts like Silicon Valley or Cambridge, MA.


Teodoru di Neuhoff

Theodore I of Corsica (25 August 1694 – 11 December 1756), born Freiherr Theodor Stephan von Neuhoff, was a German adventurer who was briefly King of Corsica. Theodore is the subject of an opera by Giovanni Paisiello, "Il re Teodoro in Venezia" (1784, Vienna), and one of the six kings in Venice in Voltaire's Theodore has a son Colonel Frederick who is the Head of House von Neuhoff.

Colonel Frederick

He was born c.1725 and came to London c.1750, but his place of origin is unknown. He claimed to be the son of King Theodore of Corsica, and adopted the title of Prince of Caprera, serving in the army of King Frederick II of Prussia
Puffin Browser

Puffin Browser is a remote browser made by Cloudmosa, an American technology company founded by Shopyn Shen. The browser was first released in the year 2010 and used encrypted servers to load web pages. According to some tests because of browser running on remote servers, the browser may be faster then a normal browser such as chrome and firefox. The browser also hides ip address from websites like a vpn or proxy and has flash support for mobile device. The browser also includes a game controller, a mouse, and a on screen keyboard.

AEW Blood &amp; Guts

AEW Blood & Guts is a professional wrestling event produced every year by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2021 and is usually held in the middle of the year. The event aired as a special episode of AEW's flagship television show, "Dynamite". The name "Blood & Guts" comes from WWE chairman Vince McMahon. McMahon during a conference call with investors, he said that WWE was going to remain a "PG environment" and that "we're not going to do blood and guts and things of that nature such as being done on perhaps a new potential competitor". The name would trademarked by AEW shortly afterwards.

The show features the signature match Blood and Guts match, which is AEW's version of WarGames.

Makpon Kingdom

The Makpon Kingdom or the Makpon Empire (Balti: དམག་དཔོན།, Wylie: dmag dpon), also called Tibet-I-Khurd (Little Tibet) by the Mughals, was a Balti Tibetan empire led by the Maqpon Dynasty. It existed on the Tibetan Plateau and reached from Chitral in the west to Burang in Western Tibet in the east. Ibrahim Maqpon founded it in 1190, and it lasted for about 700 years. The most prosperous period started with Ali Senge Anchan, who united Baltistan and expanded his rule from Chitral to the Mansarowar Valley in Western Tibet.

The Makpon Empire is named after the Tibetan and Balti title "Makpon", which means 'Army Leader,' 'Commander-in-Chief,' or 'Military Chief'. In 1835, G. T. Vigne visited Baltistan and translated "Magpon/Makpon" as "Duke" or "Chief" in his book "Antiquities of Indian Tibet".

Until the tenth century, Baltistan was part of West Tibetan province, practicing Tibetan Buddhism. Over time, Buddhist influence decreased. Sayyid Ali Hamadani is credited with introducing Noorbakhshism in Baltistan by converting Buddhists in Khaplu and Shigar valleys.

In the 12th or 13th century, Ibrahim Shah, a Prince from Kashmir (Egypt in some sources) married the Princess of Skardo, establishing the Makpon Dynasty. After Tibetan suzerainty dissolved, the Maqpon dynasty ruled Baltistan. A student of Sayyid Ali Hamadani, visited Baltistan in the 9th century, converting many Baltis to Islam.

Maqpon Bukha or Bugha (1464-1490 A.D.) is considered the real founder of the Makpon Dynasty. He established the capital of Skardo. He faced challenges but surprised his subjects by governing effectively. Ali Khan (1540-1565 A.D.) expanded his kingdom, and Ghazi Mir (1565-1580 A.D.) conquered the Rondu Valley. Ali Senge Anchan (1580-1624 A.D.) is a significant figure who expanded the empire from Chitral to Burang in Western Tibet.

Ali Senge Khan also conquered Ladakh, facing conflict with the Ladakh raja. Later rulers, like Ghazi Mir and Ali Senge Anchan's son, expanded the kingdom to Gilgit, Hunza, Nagar, Nuristan and Chitral. In Balti folk songs Anchan's remarkable conquests are praised and Maqpon Empire's boundaries are defined as following:
Meaning from Leh's Purang to Brooshals Shingel is Makpon. Ali Senge Anchan initiated the game of Polo at the Shundur Polo Ground, which is the worlds highest Polo ground. The Mughal Empire conquered Baltistan in 1586, and the local rulers pledged allegiance. Ali Senge Anchan had a significant encounter with the Mughal court, forming an alliance and introducing Mughal arts to the region.

In 1839, the Dogra commander Zorawar Singh defeated Balti forces, leading to the end of the Maqpon dynasty in 1845. The last king, Ahmed Shah, was taken prisoner and died in captivity in Lhasa, Tibet.

The Balti people were once influenced by Zhangzhung and the Bon religion, practicing Animism. In 686, Baltistan came under the control of the Tibetan Empire. Under the rule of Songtsen Gampo, Tibetan Buddhism started influencing the region. Gompas and stupas were built, and lamas became important in Balti life.

In the 14th century, Islamic scholars from Kashmir traveled through the mountains to spread Islam. By the late 17th century, Islam gained strength in Baltistan due to the efforts of the Noorbakshia Sufi order. Over time, many people converted to Shia Islam, while only a few chose Sunni Islam.

The Makpon dynasty or the Makpon Royal House ruled the Makpon Empire. The dynasty was founded by Ibrahim Makpon, who married the Princess of Skardu. Following is the timeline of Makpon rulers:

Hagerman horse

The Hagerman horse is the state fossil of Idaho.

AEW Fight for the Fallen

AEW Fight for the Fallen is a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2019 and is usually held in the Summer. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television shows "Dynamite", "Rampage", and "Collision". The name "Fight for the Fallen" is a reference to the first charity that the event helped which supported victims of gun violence.

Every event that is held raises money for either the charity or cause that is chosen.

AEW Fyter Fest

AEW Fyter Fest is a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2019 and is usually held in the Summer. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television shows "Dynamite", "Rampage", and "Collision". The name "Fyter Fest", as well as the logo, is a reference and parody of the 2017 music festival Fyre Festival which turned out to be a fraud.

The second event was originally going to be the United Kingdom debut of AEW and was going to take place at Wembley Arena but it had the be cancelled because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

AEW Grand Slam

AEW Grand Slam is a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2021 and is usually held in September. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television shows "Dynamite" and "Rampage". All of the events have taken place at Arthur Ashe Stadium in Queens, New York. The name "Grand Slam" is a reference to a Grand Slam which is when a player wins four major championships in one discipline in a year.

All of the events are held at Arthur Ashe Stadium in Queens, New York.

Nilay Yapici

Nilay Yapici (born 1981) is a Turkish neuroscientist at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, where she is the Nancy and Peter Meinig Family Investigator in the Life Sciences and Adelson Sesquicentennial Fellow in the Department of Neurobiology and Behavior. Yapici studies the neural circuits underlying decision making and feeding behavior in fruit fly models.

Leven Rambin

Leven Alice Rambin (born May 17, 1990) is an American actress. She is known for playing look-alike half-sisters Lily Montgomery and Ava Benton on "All My Children", and for her recurring roles on "Grey's Anatomy" and "Gone", as well as "", "One Tree Hill", "Wizards of Waverly Place", and "". She appeared in the sci-fi film "The Hunger Games" (2012) as the District 1 tribute Glimmer, and appeared as Clarisse La Rue in the fantasy film "" (2013).

Kaisi Ye Dor (movie)

Kaisi Ye Dor is a compelling Indian film that delves into the age-old tradition prevalent in the country where parents often play a pivotal role in choosing life partners for their children.

The story revolves around Tripathi ji, a dedicated Sub-Inspector in the small town of Kotwaali Thaana. Having worked his way up from being a constable, he holds strong principles and envisions a future for his son, Abhimanyu, as a respected Gazetted officer. However, Abhimanyu, a street-smart and materialistic individual, pursues a career as a tour guide, deviating from his father's expectations. This leads to a strained relationship between the two, with Abhimanyu finding it challenging to reconcile his independent lifestyle with his father's disciplined beliefs.

Tripathi ji arranges Abhimanyu's marriage to Vidya, a traditional and well-educated girl from a small village. Despite Abhimanyu's resistance due to his love for Rashmi, he reluctantly marries Vidya. The narrative unfolds as Vidya strives to establish a connection with Abhimanyu, who remains indifferent and fails to acknowledge her as his wife.

Tripathi ji, observing the strained dynamics, develops a bond with Vidya, providing her with the love and support she needs. This paternal relationship becomes crucial for Vidya's resilience in the face of Abhimanyu's indifference. As Vidya pursues her dreams, Tripathi ji encourages her, revealing a softer side that contrasts with his interactions with his son.

The plot takes an unexpected turn when Abhimanyu, during a trip to Lucknow, reunites with Rashmi and rekindles an old flame. Oblivious to Vidya's plight, Abhimanyu's actions leave her heartbroken. Tripathi ji, aware of the situation, silently supports Vidya, offering her the strength to endure Abhimanyu's indifference.


Gangster Squad (movie)

Gangster Squad is a 2013 American action thriller film directed by Ruben Fleischer and written by Will Beall, based on a non-fiction book by Paul Lieberman. The film stars Josh Brolin, Ryan Gosling, Nick Nolte, Emma Stone, Anthony Mackie, Giovanni Ribisi, Robert Patrick, Michael Peña and Sean Penn. Set in 1949, a group of real-life LAPD officers and detectives called the Gangster Squad are assigned to bring down crime kingpin Mickey Cohen.

After the script spent several years on the Black List, production began in September 2011 around Los Angeles, lasting through December. The film was originally set to be theatrically released September 7, 2012, but in the wake of the 2012 Aurora, Colorado, shooting, Warner Bros. pushed it back to a January 11, 2013, release to accommodate re-shoots, which took place in August 2012.


Public school (United Kingdom)

In the United Kingdom, public schools are independent fee-paying schools like Eton College. By "independent" is meant fee-paying, and therefore not run by the public authorities. They are called 'public' because they accept students from anywhere not just people living nearby in the school area. Some are boarding schools, where students can sleep and live at school during the school term. The public schools have an association called the Headmasers' and Headmistresses' Conference. Junior schools which prepare children for entry into public schools are called Preparatory schools ('prep' schools).

The term "public school", for what are actually privately owned schools, is historical. It dates from the UK Public Schools Act 1868 which set the framework for seven leading English boys' schools, which were:


To these should be added other fee-paying schools which have first-class reputations. These would include:


Others of note include Fettes College in Edinburgh, which is a co-educational day school. This is very unusual for a public school. Gordonstoun is an independent public school in Moray, Scotland. It is where King Charles III was educated. It is a co-educational residential school.

The term "public school" in Scotland is traditionally used for state schools.

English public schools have a very good record of getting their pupils into elite universities, such as Cambridge and Oxford. They educate the sons and daughters of the British upper and upper-middle classes. In particular, the sons of officers and senior administrators of the British Empire were educated in England while their parents were on overseas postings. In 2010, over half of Cabinet Ministers had been educated at public schools. In 2018, annual fees at Eton were up to £48,500 for boarders. Therefore, although some scholarships are available, most students come from wealthy families.

Three twenty-first century Prime Ministers, Tony Blair, David Cameron and Boris Johnson, were educated at public schools, as were a high proportion of those in previous centuries. Margaret Thatcher was educated at a grammar school, but one with Academy status.

The leading public schools are challenged only by Manchester Grammar School, which was for many years the leading state-funded grammar school. It is now a fee-paying independent school. It made this change when the Labour government in 1976 chose to abolish the Direct Grant System. This would have given the government powers to change the school in ways with which it did not agree.

Public schools for girls in England have a similar unofficial ranking, though more of them are day schools. The best-known girls public school is Cheltenham Ladies' College. The Girls' Schools Association (GSA) is the body for independent girls' schools. It has over a hundred schools as members. The GSA is a member of the Independent Schools Council.

First, an historical note. Up to and including the 19th century girls from "good families" were educated at home by governesses and tutors. This applies very widely across the world, not just in England. The other controversial issue is whether girls should be educated with boys or not. Here the United States is one extreme and Muslim countries the other extreme. Even in England, co-education is almost universal at primary level, but is not common at secondary level, except in the state education sector.

Another point of difference in England is that girls from wealthy families are more likely to be educated abroad than are boys. Expensive independent schools in French-speaking Switzerland are often chosen. It has not gone unnoticed that, by having such options, the wealthy give their children advantages which the children of ordinary people never get.

Well-known girls' public schools are:



Thresher shark

Thresher sharks, also known as simply threshers, are large mackerel sharks of the family Alopiidae and the genus Alopias.
They are distinguished by their long tails and unique hunting behaviors. 

Thresher sharks are known for their exceptional agility and speed. They grow up to 20 feet long. Males sexually mature when they are 8 to 11 feet long and 3 to 6 years old. Females are able to reproduce when they are 8 to 9 feet long and 4 to 5 years of age.

Thresher sharks are ovoviviparous. Embryos develop inside eggs within the mother's body, ultimately giving birth to live young.

Despite being active predatory fish, these fishes do not attack humans.

There are currently 16 species. A fourth species of thresher was revealed during the course of a 1995 allozyme analysis by Blaise Eitner. It is apparently found in the eastern Pacific off Baja California, making it 17 species. However, it's known from muscle samples from one specimen.

Thresher sharks have a short head and a cone-shaped nose. Their mouths are generally small. They have a long, scythe-like heterocercal tail.

They are slender, with small dorsal fins and large, recurved pectoral fins.

They mainly eat bluefish, juvenile tuna and mackerel. Crustaceans and seabirds are also eaten by them. They stun their prey by using their unique, elongated tail as a weapon.

The thresher shark is an animal that keeps to itself. It is known that thresher populations of the Indian Ocean are separated by depth and space according to sex.





King of Corsica

The King of Corsica used to be the ruler of the island here the list 

Theodore of Corsica March 1736 – November 1736

Colonel Frederick 11 December 1756-1797 (Head of House von Neuhoff (claimed)

George III 1794–1796 Anglo-Corsican Kingdom

The kingdom ended in 1796.

Bhimeshwar

Bhimeshwar, (formerly "Charikot"), is a municipality in north-eastern Nepal and the headquarters of Dolakha District in Bagmati Province that was established in 1997 by merging the former Village development committees Charikot, Dolakha Town, Makaibari and Mati. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 32,486 people living in 8,639 individual households. 

David Adeang

David Ranibok Waiau Adeang (born 24 November 1969) is a Nauruan politician. In 2023, he became President of Nauru. He was the Speaker of the Parliament of Nauru, and Nauru's Minister of Finance and Justice.

John Lydon

John Joseph Lydon (/ˈlaɪdən/; born 31 January 1956), also known by his former stage name Johnny Rotten, is an English-American singer and songwriter. He was the lead singer of the punk rock band the Sex Pistols, which was active from 1975 to 1978. There were revivals during the 1990s and 2000s. He is also the lead singer of post-punk band Public Image Ltd (PiL), which he founded and fronted from 1978 until 1993, and again since 2009. He was recruited because of his outspoken personality, rebellious image and fashion style. Because of their controversial lyrics and disrepute at the time, they are regarded as one of the most influential acts in the history of popular music.

Lydon has hosted television series in the UK, US, and Belgium, 2004 appeared on "I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here!" in the UK, appeared in advertisements on UK television promoting Country Life, a brand of British butter, written two autobiographies, and produced solo musical work. His first autobiography was called "Rotten – No Irish, No Blacks, No Dogs." 

John Broome

John Broome (July 19, 1738 – August 8, 1810) was an American merchant and politician who was Lieutenant Governor of New York, from 1804 to 1810.

Pseudophilautus mittermeieri

Mittermeier's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus mittermeieri") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it between 60 and 150 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 16.3 – 18.4 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is gray-green in color. There are orange bumps on the head and some orange color on the back. The sides of the body are gray-yellow in color with dark brown marks. Parts of the belly are gray-yellow in color. The belly is gray-yellow in color. The bottoms of the toes of the front feet are gray in color.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Scientists named this frog for Russell Mittermeier. He was President of Conservation International.

Central City (DC Comics)

Central City is a fictional city appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is the former home of Barry Allen, the second Flash. Its location has been variously stated to be in Ohio, Illinois, and Florida. During the Wally West era, it was shown to be in Missouri, across a river from Keystone City.

The city has also appeared in movies, television series, and video games.

Central City, located across the Missouri River from Keystone City, Kansas, was founded in the 19th century and became an important stop for cattle drives. It began to see tremendous growth after the completion of the Transcontinental Railroad, becoming the first major hub west of Chicago. A second period of growth occurred after World War I, and it has burgeoned to the present day.

In the 25th Century, the city became known as the Central Cityplex.
















Heroes


Villains





Others


Sports Teams





Before the "Crisis on Infinite Earths", Central and Keystone, collectively known as the "Gem Cities" were not twin cities. Rather, Central City only existed on Earth-One and Keystone City only existed on Earth-Two.

Some sources have shown Central City to be in Ohio instead of Missouri. "The Flash" #228 places it at roughly the same spot as Athens, Ohio.

The map in the Atlas of the DC Universe claims that Keystone and Central are across the Mississippi River from each other. The Mississippi does not border Kansas; the Missouri does.

The DCU version of Central City is not to be confused with the city by the same name seen in Will Eisner's The Spirit.

Kioisaka Incident

Kioisaka Incident (紀尾井坂の変, "Kioizakanohen"), took place on May 14, 1878 when Ōkubo Toshimichi, Lord of Home Affairs of Japan and one of the Three Great Nobles of the Restoration (alongside Saigō Takamori and Kido Takayoshi), was assassinated by six ex-samurai assassins who are armed with katanas. To be exact, the assassination site was not located at Kioisaka, but near Sakashita (in front of present-day Shimizudani Park). This events is known as the Kioicho Incident (紀尾井町事件, "Kioichō jiken"), Kioizaka Incident (紀尾井坂事件, "Kioi-zaka jiken"), and Assassination of Okubo Toshimichi (大久保利通暗殺事件, "Okubo toshimichi ansatsu jiken"). 

The perpetrators involved in the incidents were Shimada Ichirō (aged 30), Chō Tsurahide (aged 22), Sugimoto Otogiku (aged 29), Wakita Kōichi (aged 28), and Sugimura Bun'ichi (aged 17), and Asai Toshiatsu (aged 24), a samurai from Shimane Prefecture while five others from the former Kaga Domain. (Asai quit the samurai clan and became a commoner after the trial.). Among them, Shimada is the leader of the assassination group. Shimada participated in the First Choshu Expedition and the Boshin War as an ashigaru of the Kaga Domain, and continued his military career even after the formation of the Meiji Restoration, but he sympathized with the idea of conquering Korea (also known as Seikanron debate), and during the Incident of 1873. Enraged by Takamori Saigo's resignation, Shimada devoted himself to national affairs.

Sugimura Hiromasa (Sugimura Bun'ichi's older brother) and other samurais also expressed their desire to serve in the newly formed Imperial Japanese Army in response to the idea of conquering Korea. Furthermore, regarding the dispatch of troops to Taiwan as part of the expedition in 1874, Sugimura, Cho, and many radicals once again requested to serve in the military, and Sugimura (Hiroshi), Shimada, and later Asai wrote a petition opposing the rumor that Japanese troop dispatch to Taiwan had been canceled and a petition criticizing the handling of the Saga Rebellion. Sugimura and Shimada, who drafts the warrant, is listed as one of the names. However, these white papers did not have the expected effect, and Shimada and others decided to use force. In 1874, Shimada and Cho met in Tokyo and hit it off.

In June 1874, Cho traveled to Kagoshima with Sugimura to hear the news of Takamori Saigo and Kirino Toshiaki regarding the dispatch of marines to Taiwan. They have been staying in Kagoshima for about half a year, studying at a private school. They also moved back to Kagoshima in 1876, where they maintained old friendships with Kirino and other samurais. In October, when Nagoya became a prefecture, numerous rebellions and uprisings (known as the Shizoku Rebellion) occurred one after another all across Japan, including the Shinpūren Rebellion, Akizuki Rebellion, and Hagi Rebellion, and Shimada also worked hard to create an army in Kanazawa, but failed due to lack of equipment and moral. Furthermore, during the Satsuma Rebellion in 1877, Shimada and Cho worked together to make plans to raise an army, but while they were struggling to convince those around them, government troops entered Kumamoto Castle in April. After receiving information that the outcome was decided, the plan was canceled. 

After this, Shimada and his group changed their policy to assassinate high-ranking officials. Sugimoto, Wakita, Sugimura, and others also joined Shimada's plan during this period. Wakita moved to Tokyo in October, Cho in November, Sugimura in December, and Shimada and Sugimoto in April of the following year. Asai, the only samurai from the Shimane Prefecture, was a police officer in the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department during the Satsuma Rebellion and served in the police squad. He returned to Tokyo in triumph in August 1877, but he violated the ban and died in 1878. His position was dismissed from his post in February, and in March, Asai learned of the assassination plan by Shimada and others and joined the conspiracy. Their assassination plan went through multiple plots, and even reached the ears of the police chief at the time, Superintendent Kawaji Toshiyoshi, but Kawaji did not respond, asking, ``What can I do to the people of Ishikawa Prefecture?<nowiki>"</nowiki> (石川県人に何ができるか, "Ishikawa kenjin ni nanigadekiruka"). 

Furthermore, General Tomonosuke Takashima has said the same thing, but as evidence: ``Immediately after the incident, Kawaji flew to the scene, took out his notebook and pointed out the names of the people, and said that it must have been the work of these six people.<nowiki>"</nowiki> ," he said, slapping his notebook with tears streaming down his face." The day after Okubo's funeral, Kawaji filed a request for ``Okubo Councilor Change and Resignation Request<nowiki>"</nowiki> (大久保参議事変ニ付進退伺, "Ōkubo sangi jihen ni-tsuki shintaiukagai"), which was rejected.

The weapons that Shimada and others brought with them at the time of Okubo's assassination was given by Cho in late April 1878 at the request of Shimada. The article lists the following five crimes as crimes of dictatorship.


Gilles Cresto

Gilles Cresto (born 30 August 1959) is a Monegasque archer. Cresto competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Tsedendorjiin Bazarsüren

Tsedendorjiin Bazarsüren (born 19 January 1957) is a Mongolian archer. Bazarsüren competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Acamprosate

Acamprosate, marketed under the brand name Campral, is a medication used to help individuals with alcohol dependence maintain abstinence. Approved by regulatory authorities for this purpose, acamprosate is thought to act by stabilizing the balance between excitatory and inhibitory neurotransmitters in the brain, particularly gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and glutamate.

Developed in the late 1980s, acamprosate gained approval in several countries as an adjunct to psychosocial support in the treatment of alcohol dependence. Unlike some other medications for alcohol use disorder, acamprosate does not cause a disulfiram-like reaction with alcohol consumption.

The precise mechanism of acamprosate's action is not entirely understood, but it is believed to modulate the glutamatergic system, potentially reducing the hyperactivity associated with alcohol withdrawal. Clinical trials have demonstrated varying degrees of efficacy, with acamprosate showing effectiveness in supporting abstinence and preventing relapse.

Acamprosate may have side effects, including diarrhea, nausea, and itching. Its use is generally contraindicated in individuals with severe renal impairment.

Research continues to explore the optimal use and potential benefits of acamprosate in the broader context of alcohol use disorder treatment. Despite its limitations, acamprosate remains a valuable option for healthcare professionals working to address alcohol dependence in their patients.

Petropavl

Petropavl (, ) is a city in Kazakhstan, the capital of the North Kazakhstan Region. It is located on the right bank of the Ishim River. As of 2023, 222,044 people live here. It is also known as Qyzyljar () among Kazakh people.

Petropavl is located 40 km from the border with Russia.

Bulayevo

Bulayevo (, ) is a town in the North Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan. It is located 30 km from the border with Russia. As of 2023, 8,590 people live here.

Mamlyutka

Mamlyutka (, ) is a city in the North Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan. In 1969, it was classified as a city. As of 2023, the population of the city is 7,038.

Sergeyevka

Sergeev (, ) is a city in the North Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan. It is located on the Ishim River. As of 2023, 8,155 people live here.

Taiynsha

Tayinsha () is a city in the North Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan. From 1962 to 1997 the city was called "Krasnoarmeysk" (). As of 2023, 13,065 people live here.

To the Moon and Back (Savage Garden song)

"To the Moon and Back" is a 1996 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the second single from their 1997 self-titled debut studio album. It was the follow-up to their hit "I Want You" and won the 1997 ARIA Music Award for Song of the Year. It went to number 1 in Australia, number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in Greece and New Zealand, number 11 in France and Sweden, number 14 in Germany and Ireland, number 15 in Canada, number 16 in Switzerland and number 24 in the United States.












Arkalyk

Arkalyk (; ) is a city in the Kostanay Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, 28,907 people live here and 28,435 people live in the urban area.

Founded in 1956, it got city status in 1965.

Lisakovsk

Lisakovsk (, ) is a city in the Kostanay Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, 31,178 people live in the city and 34,774 people live in the urban area. The city is located on the right bank of the Tobol River, which flows into the Irtysh River.

Founded in 1960, it got city status in 1971.

Lego Disney Princess: The Castle Quest

Lego Disney Princess: The Castle Quest is a 2023 animated streaming television special based on both the Lego Disney toyline and "Disney Princess" franchise. It is a crossover between several characters featured in movies produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios, and the first Lego special based on the franchise.

The special was released on Disney+ on August 18, 2023.

Marriage of convenience

When people marry because one or both get a benefit from doing this, this is called marriage of convenience. This is differernt from other types of marriage. Usually people marry because they love each other, or that they want some security if they have children. The benefits people could have from a marriage of convenience is that one of the partners is able to move to another country, to get a work permit or citizenship more easily, for example. Another reason why people use a marriage of convenience is to hide the fact that one or both partners are homosexual, or bisexual. 

Marriages of convenience are not illegal, in most countries. In many countries, parents look for a suitable partner for their children. This is called arranged marriage. Many countries have laws against forced marriages, or fraudulent ones.

Zhitikara

Zhitikara (, ) is a city in the Kostanay Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, 35,298 people live here and 42,611 people live in the urban area.

It got city status in 1939.

Rudny

Rudny () is a city in the Kostanay Region of Kazakhstan. It is located on the Tobol River. As of 2023, 112,027 people live here and 123,838 people live in the urban area.

Concha

Concha is a kind of bread from Mexico. It is a pan dulce. In Spanish, concha means conch. The breads get this name, because their form resembles that of a seashell. The bread is made of a sweetened bread roll, and a crunchy topping.

Karl Richard Lepsius

Karl Richard Lepsius(1810-1884) was a German egyptologist. His first name is sometimes spelled "Carl". From 1842 to 1845 he led an expedition to Egypt and Nubia. This expedition is now named after him, and clalled the Lepsius expedition today. From 1845, he was professor for egyptology, at the University of Berlin. From 1855 to 1884, he was the director of the Egyptian section of the what are now the Staatliche Museen zu Berlin. Today, Lepsius is seen as the founder of modern egyptology, in Germany. 

Race Relations Act 1965

The Race Relations Act 1965 was the first law in the UK to say that discrimination on the "grounds of colour, race, or ethnic or national origins" in public places in Great Britain was not allowed. It did not apply to shops or private boarding houses. It was followed by more, stronger, laws.

It was passed by the Wilson government after a racist political campaign in Smethwick, where the Conservative candidate Peter Griffiths beat Patrick Gordon Walker using the the slogan "If you want a nigger for a neighbour, vote Labour".

The Race Relations Board was started in 1966 to consider complaints under the Act. Discrimination was a civil issue. The Act also created the criminal offence of "incitement to racial hatred". The leader of the British National Socialist Movement, Colin Jordan, was prosecuted under the Act and jailed for 18 months in 1967.

It was strengthened by the Race Relations Act 1968.

Leonardo Graziano

Leonardo Graziano (born in Capua on 15 november 1975) is an Italian voice actor known for his roles in italiano dubs of anime as Naruto Uzumaki in Naruto, Killua in Hunter × Hunter, Young Franky in One Piece and Dan Kuso in Bakugan. He is also the italian voice for Sheldon Cooper in The Big Bang Theory.

Paolo Torrisi

Paolo Torrisi born as Maurizio Torresan (1950-2005) was An actor italian voice actor from Milan. He is most known for his dub roles for animes. His most famous role was Goku in Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball GT. He died at San Raffaele Hospital in Segrate of a biliary tract obstruction.

Race Relations Act 1968

The Race Relations Act 1968 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom making it illegal to refuse housing, employment, or public services to a person on the grounds of colour, race, ethnic or national origins in Great Britain (although not in Northern Ireland, which had its own parliament at the time). It also created the Community Relations Commission to promote 'harmonious community relations'.

It was opposed by some of the Conservative Party, particularly Enoch Powell. He made his famous Rivers of Blood speech while it was being discussed. 

It amended the Race Relations Act 1965. It was repealed by the Race Relations Act 1976.

Pino Insegno

Giuseppe Insegno professionally known as Pino (born 1959) is an italian actor and voice actor from Rome. Since 1986, Insegno has been a member of the comedy quartet Premiata Ditta. He voices multiple known characters in italian such as Diego in the Ice Age franchising, Stan Smith in American Dad!, Chick Hicks in Cars.

George Formby

George Formby OBE (born in Wigan, real name George Hoy Booth; 26 May 1904 – 6 March 1961) was an English actor, singer-songwriter and comedian. His films of the 1930s and 1940s were very popular. On stage, screen and record he sang light, comic songs. He played the ukulele or banjolele. He was the highest-paid entertainer in the United Kingdom.

His father was George Formby Sr, who was also a comedian and singer. He was called "The Wigan Nightingale". He died when his son was 17. 

Formby went on the music hall stage when his father died. He carried on his father's act. In 1924 he married Beryl Ingham. She was also in music hall and she became his manager. He started recording songs in 1926 and, from 1934, he made movies. In the movies he played gormless Lancastrian innocents who would beat a villain, and win the love of an attractive middle-class girl. His songs often had ambiguous sexual content which he sung with a toothy grin and air of innocence His song "When I'm Cleaning Windows" was banned by the BBC in 1936. The director general John Reith said "if the public wants to listen to Formby singing his disgusting little ditty, they'll have to be content to hear it in the cinemas, not over the nation's airwaves". He later sang it before the King and Queen at the Royal Variety Performance. It was unbanned.

During the Second World War he worked all over the world for the Entertainments National Service Association. In his first film of 1940, "Let George Do It!", In a dream he goes to a Nuremberg Rally and punches Hitler. It was very popular and was shown in Russia and the USA. 

He recorded more than 200 songs. 1946 song ""With My Little Stick of Blackpool Rock"" was one of the most successful. It was also considered rude and a BBC manager in 1946 said "We have no record that 'With My Little Stick of Blackpool Rock' is banned. We do however know, and so does Formby, that certain lines in the lyric must not be broadcast". 

Pannonia

Pannonia was a province in the Roman Empire. It was about today's Hungary.

The Roman Pannonia lasted from Augustus' times until the fifth century. 

In the second century Pannonia flourished and received many Roman citizens, who developed a rich farm economy.

It was temporarily increased under emperor Constantine the Great up to the actual Romanian mountains. The border was the so called "Devil's Dike".

When Attila attacked the area was destroyed and depopulated.

After the fall of the western Roman Empire, in Pannonia, the latinized population developed the Pannonian Romance. That lasted until the tenth century.


Ali Sher Anchan

Ali Sher Anchan or Ali Senge Anchan (Balti: ཨ་ལི་སེང་གེ་དབན་ཆེན།; 1580–1625), was a famous Balti Tibetan king. He belonged to the Maqpon dynasty and became the 15th King of the Makpon Kingdom. His rule saw the unification of Baltistan, expanding its borders to Ladakh and western Tibet in the east, and Ghizar and Chitral in the west. Ali Senge Anchan was a strong and successful leader, considered the greatest King of Greater Baltistan. He conquered Ladakh, Chitral, and Western Tibet. Ali Senge Anchan maintained friendly relations with the Mughal court. His reign brought prosperity to Balti art, sports, and architecture.

Other names for Ali Sengge Anchan are "Ali Rai, Raja Sher Ali Mir, Mir Ali, Sher Ali", and "Ali Zad". He introduced Polo in Gilgit, Chitral, and Ladakh and even sent musicians to learn music in the Mughal court. Ali Senge Anchan built the Skardu fort also known as Kharpocho Khar in Skardu, then the capital of the Makpon Kingdom.

Following are Ali Senge Anchans's political and Military achievements and his conquests.
Ali Senge Anchan had connections with the Mughal court. Anchan lost his royal father when he was a child. His uncle the King of Shigar took him and his mother to Shigar, possibly with the plan to harm him and take over the Skardu Kingdom. At 18, Anchan fled to Delhi with twelve loyal followers. In Delhi, Emperor Akbar noticed him for his strength, and he was given command of a Mughal army to reclaim his kingdom. He married a Mughal princess named Gul Khatoon. In 1586 A.D., when Akbar conquered Kashmir, Anchan was with him.

According to the tale, Ladakh's kingdom once stretched to Sermik in the west. During the 15th Makpon King Ghazi Mir's rule, Ladakhis were forced out of the Kharmang valley and the entire Purik district. Ali Senge Anchan occupied Kharbu fort and appointed a governor for the border area. Later, Ladakh's Raja, Jamyang Namgyal, attacked Purik. Anchan, along with other leaders, left through Marol, bypassed Leh, and conquered Ladakh around 1594 A.D. The Ladakh Raja, in the end, became a prisoner. To make peace, Ladakh ceded Ganokh and Gagra Nullah villages to Skardu and paid tribute to the Makpon Kings. This tribute was paid through the Monastery of Lama Yuru. Jamyang Namgyal's daughter was also married to Ali Senge Anchan.

While dealing with attacks on villages in Roundu Baltistan, Dras, Gultari, and Shingo Shigar, Anchan marched on Gilgit. He conquered Astore, Gilgit, Hunza, Nagar, Chilas, Chitral, and Kafiristan. To celebrate his victory, he planted a Chinar Tree near Bronshel village in Chitral. Balti folk songs praise Anchan's remarkable conquest, defining the Maqpon Empire's boundaries from Leh's Purang to Brushal's Chinar Tree:‘Leh Purang na Brushal Shingel’.Anchan is credited with starting Polo at Shundur Polo Ground, Which is the Highest Polo ground in the world.

Ali Sher Khan Anchan conquered many principalities in Kargil and introduced Balti culture and music to the region. Many Baltis and Purgis settled in Ladakh and Kargil during Anchan's reign.

Permaculture

Permaculture is a way of managing land and designing communities by learning from nature. It copies natural patterns to get the most benefits with the least waste and energy. It promotes natural way of farming instead of modern industrial methods. The term 'Permaculture' was created by Bill Mollison and David Holmgren in 1978.

Critics say that permaculture doesn't have a clear definition and lacks a scientific basis and does not address real-world issues.

Permaculture is guided by three foundational ethics:


Permaculture design copies natural patterns in ecosystems to get the most benefits with the least waste and energy. The way permaculture is used can change depending on the Earth's region, and there's not much scientific literature about it.

Permaculture uses zones to organize elements in a human environment based on how often they're used and the needs of plants or animals. The zones are numbered from 0 to 5.


Bassey Edem

Bassey Edem is a Nigerian administrator and chartered accountant.

Bassey Edem Orok Edem was born in Lagos on 12th March 1950 into the Royal Families of Late Chief Benjamin Edem Orok Edem.

He received an undergraduate degree from the University of Lagos, an MBA from the University of Calabar and a doctorate from London Graduate School.

He became a member of the Calabar Chamber of Commerce in 1980sand became the President of the "Calabar Chamber of Commerce" in 1996.

Bassey served as the district governor for "International Association of Lions Clubs of Nigeria."

He is the former President of the "Nigerian Association of Chambers of Commerce", Industries, Mines and Agriculture (NACCIMA) and is currently non-executive Director of Presco Nigeria Plc.

The Final Cut (song)

"The Final Cut" is a 1983 song by Pink Floyd. It is the title track to their 12th studio album "The Final Cut". It deals with suicide, sexual repression, depression and rejection.

Alicia Encinas

Irma Alicia Encinas Cano (born 24 April 1954 in Tónichi, Sonora) is a Mexican actress.

Frigatebird

The Frigatebirds are a family of seabirds. In Latin, the family is called Fregatidae. There are five different species; all are classified in the genus Fregata. They occur in tropical and subtropical regions. The birds are adapted to a life at sea. The wingspan is between and .

Ground effect

The ground effect is the name given to the effects of being near the ground on Aircraft, especially ones that are heavier than the air around them, such as Helicopters and Airplanes.

In Airplanes, there is less drag in ground effect flight. Airplanes also create more lift at a lower angle of attack while near the ground.

Neptunism

Neptunism is a scientific theory of geology proposed by Abraham Gottlob Werner (1749–1817) in the late 18th century. 

It proposed that rocks formed from the crystallisation of minerals in the early Earth's oceans. That is why it is called neptunism, because Neptune was the old Roman God of the sea.

There are many many different types of rock formation. Sedimentary rock is formed by processes very similar to neptunism. Basically, it makes rock out of bits of earlier rock and organisms.

Quesabirria

Quesabirria ("cheese birria") (also called birria tacos or red tacos) is a Mexican dish comprising birria-style cooked beef folded into a tortilla with melted cheese and served with a side of broth (Spanish: consomé) for dipping. 

The dish has origins in Tijuana, Mexico. It was originally made with goat meat. It got popularity in the United States through Instagram. It is also made with other meats, such as beef and chicken.

Angle of attack

In Aeronautics, the angle of attack is the angle between an airfoil and the direction the air is flowing in relative to the wing. For small angles of attack, a higher angle creates more lift. The angle where the wing makes the most lift is called the critical angle of attack. If the angle goes above this point, the wing will stall.

CM Browser

CM Browser (Chineseː 獵豹安全瀏覽器) was a web browser made by Cheetah Mobile. The browser is based on Chromium codebase but supports Trident and the WebKit browser engine. The browser released for Windows XP in May of 2012. It also released for iOS and Android on May 3rd, 2013.

The browser used Chromium Version 17, which meant it could not use the Chrome Web Store.

In September 21st, 2014. The browser had to pay 300,000 yuan for having an adblocker that blocked Youku video ads from the browser.

In June of 2020, The Government of India banned CM browser with 58 other apps, saying they had data problems. Border tensions with China and India could have also caused the ban.

Pannonian Romance

Pannonian Romance was an Indo-European language, pertaining to the Centum group in the neo-latin languages, with some Celtic roots and related to the old Illyrian. According to the linguist Roxana Curc, the main source of intelligence on this extinct language is the many toponyms in the area of Lake Balaton (located in actual central Hungary) and some anthroponyms, hydronims and etonyms that come from the "Keszthely culture".

In addition to this, the same Keszthely name (pronounced in Hungarian “Kestei”) is similar to the Istrian-Venetic “castei”, which means “castle”, and is probably an original word of the Pannonian Romance language, according to the Hungarian linguist Julius Pokornyin. This Hungarian linguist also wrote that the word “Pannonia” was originated from the illyrian word “pen” (marsh) and this demonstrates that the romanized language of the Pannonians was related to the Illyrian, another extinct Balkan language.

Pannonian Romance probably contributed to the creation of the 300 basic words of the “Latin substratum” of the Balkan Romance languages, according to Romanian linguist Alexandru Rossetti.

Analysis of the Vulgar Latin spoken in Pannonia showed several phonetical developments:
As in other provinces, accusatives after the 1st century AD were regularly switched to nominatives as the subjects of verbs, ergo -as was often written instead of -ae, which is the correct plural inflection of first-declension feminine nouns. Many instances of this error are found on a perhaps 3rd century epitaph from Pannonia. It says ""hic quescunt duas matres duas filias... et aduenas II paruolas"" (Corpus Inscriptionum Latinarum III 3551), which means "here lie two mothers, two daughters... and two young foreign girls".

The dative and genitive cases are evidently quite common in the inscriptions, and this ratio unmistakably indicates that Pannonia was where the dative-genitive fusion was most significant relative to the rest of the empire. Since the rate is 45% in Pannonia and 24% for the entire empire.

An examination of the Pannonian Latin texts as a whole reveals that the process of amalgamation has only begun in linguistic singular.

Accusative-ablative mergers account for 15% of case errors in Pannonian Latin.

Tammy (name)

Tammy (pronounced "TAM-ee") is a female given name. This name is often the short form of the names Thomasina, Tabitha or Tamara. The latter is a form of the Russian given name Tamar. The related "Thomasina" or "Thomasine" are female forms of the name Thomas (a Greek name).

The name became very popular because of a movie series in the 1950s and 1960s called "Tammy Tyree".

"Tammy" was very popular during the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s and first half of the 1980s.



Øresund

Øresund or Öresund, also known as "the Sound" in English, is a strait that acts as the border between Denmark's Zealand and Sweden's Scania. It's about 118 kilometers long and varies in width from 4 to 28 kilometers. The narrowest point is 4 kilometers wide, located between Helsingør in Denmark and Helsingborg in Sweden.

Together with the Great Belt, Little Belt, and Kiel Canal, Øresund is one of the four water passages connecting the Baltic Sea to the Atlantic Ocean. This makes it one of the busiest waterways globally. The Øresund Bridge, linking Copenhagen in Denmark to Malmö in Sweden, connects a metropolitan area with nearly 4 million people. Inaugurated in 2000, it's a vital connection. The HH Ferry route, operating between Helsingør, Denmark, and Helsingborg, Sweden, is one of the world's busiest international ferry routes.

In Danish, it's called Øresund, and in Swedish, it's Öresund, informally known as Sundet ("the Sound") in both languages. The name refers to a gravel or sand beach and a sound or strait. The term dates back to around AD 1000, seen on a runestone, and has variations like Eyrarsund in Old West Norse. The name reflects the geography of the area, with "ör" meaning a gravel beach found in many local place names along the strait.

Geologically, Øresund is a relatively young strait, forming around 8500–8000 years ago due to rising sea levels. It marked a significant shift for the Baltic Sea from a freshwater body connected solely via the Great Belt to becoming a saltwater body.

The control of Øresund has been a crucial part of Danish and Swedish history. Denmark had military control with forts like Kronborg and Kärnan until the eastern shore was handed over to Sweden in 1658. This was based on the Treaty of Roskilde, and both forts are positioned where the strait is 4 kilometers wide.

In 1429, King Eric of Pomerania introduced the Sound Dues, a fee for using the waterways, which lasted over four centuries until 1857. These dues were a significant income source for the Danish Crown, giving kings independence from Denmark's council and aristocracy. To reduce dependence on Øresund, Sweden initiated two major projects: establishing Gothenburg in 1621 and building the Göta Canal from 1810 to 1832.

The Copenhagen Convention of 1857 put an end to the Dues, declaring the Danish straits as international waters. In 2000, the Øresund Bridge provided a fixed connection across the strait, marking a new chapter in its history.

Entertainments National Service Association

The Entertainments National Service Association (ENSA) was an organisation started in 1939 by Basil Dean and Leslie Henson to provide entertainment for the British armed forces during World War II. It later turned into Combined Services Entertainment which since 1982 operates as part of the Services Sound and Vision Corporation.

Many people who started in ENSA went on to careers in the entertainment industry after the war, including actors Terry-Thomas, Peter Sellers and Kenneth Connor. 

It was spread thin over the vast area it had to cover. Thus many entertainments were not very good. The popular translation of the acronym ENSA was ""Every Night Something Awful"".

CQD

CQD or cqd can be


Jacques-Nicolas Billaud-Varenne

Jacques-Nicolas Billaud-Varenne (23 April 1756 – 3 June 1819), also known as Jean Nicolas or by his nicknames, the Righteous Patriot or the Tiger, was a French lawyer and a major figure in the French Revolution. A close associate of Georges Danton and Maximilien Robespierre, And President of the National Convention

Pierre-Joseph Cambon

Pierre-Joseph Cambon (10 June 1756 – 15 February 1820) was a French statesman. He is perhaps best known for speaking up against Maximilien Robespierre at the National Convention, sparking the end of Robespierre's reign.

Bedford level experiment

The Bedford level experiment is the name for a series of observations, done on the Old Bedford River, in Cambridgeshiire. These observations were done to measure the curvature of the Earth. Samuel Rowbotham made the first observations, in 1839. He claimed that with these observations he could prove that the earth was flat. In 1870, Alfred Russel Wallace used the same observations but made small changes, to correct for some errors. Using these observations, he could prove that the Earth was a sphere.

This river was chosen, because from a certain point it runs in a straight line, for . This point is near the village of Welney. 

This makes it an ideal location to directly measure the curvature of the Earth, as Rowbotham wrote in "Zetetic Astronomy":

Rowbotham did the first experiments at the site in the summer of 1838. He went into the river and used a telescope held above the water to watch a boat. The boat had a flag on its mast above the water. It slowly rowed away from him. He reported that he could see it all the time, for the full to Welney Bridge. He also said, that if the earth was curved, the top of the mast should have been about below his line of sight. He published this observation using the pseudonym "Parallax" in 1849. He wrote a book about these ideas, and called it "Earth Not a Globe"; the book was published in 1865. 

Rowbotham repeated his experiments several times over the years, but his claims got little attention. In 1870, a supporter named John Hampden offered some money, to anyone that could show that the earth was flat, using Rowbotham's experiment. Alfred Russel Wallace, a naturalist, and qualified surveyor accepted the wager. Wallace was a surveyor. So with what he knew from his training, and his knowledge of physics, he avoided the errors that had been made before, and won the bet. The crucial steps were:


At first, Hampden did not accept this demnostration.The referee, John Henry Walsh, editor of "The Field" sports magazine, did, and Wallace got the money. Hampden then published a pamhlet and said that Wallace had cheated. He also sued Wallace, to get his money back. There were several court cases. In the end, Hampden was imprisoned for threatening to kill Wallace and for libel.

The same court ruled that the wager had been invalid because Hampden retracted the bet and required that Wallace return the money to Hampden. Wallace, who had been unaware of Rowbotham's earlier experiments, was criticized by his peers for "his 'injudicious' involvement in a bet to 'decide' the most fundamental and established of scientific facts".

In 1901, Henry Yule Oldham, a reader in geography at King's College, Cambridge, reproduced Wallace's results. He used three poles fixed at equal height above water level. When viewed through a theodolite, the middle pole was found to be about higher than the poles at each end. This version of the experiment was taught in schools in England until photographs of the Earth from space became available; it still remains in the syllabus for the Indian Certificate of Secondary Education for 2023.

Advocates of a flat Earth, however, were not deterred. On 11 May 1904 Lady Elizabeth Anne Blount hired a commercial photographer to use a telephoto-lens camera to take a picture from Welney of a large white sheet she had placed at Rowbotham's original position away. The bottom of the sheet was near the surface of the river. Blount had a lot of influence. She later was involved in the foundation of the Flat Earth Society. The photographer, Edgar Clifton from Dallmeyer's studio, put his camera above the water at Welney and was surprised to be able to obtain a picture of the target. He thought, it should have been invisible because of the low mounting point of the camera. Lady Blount published the pictures far and wide.

These controversies became a regular feature in the "English Mechanic" magazine in 1904–05. It published Blount's photo and reported two experiments in 1905 that showed the opposite results. One of these, by Clement Stratton on the Ashby Canal, showed a dip on a sight-line only above the surface.

Vera Von Monika

Vera Von Monika (born 17 September 1989) is a Portuguese socialite, model, journalist, lyricist, honorary consul and designer, from Porto, Portugal.

Vera started her career in fashion when she was fifteen years old in London. Her influence has been demonstrated by her work with the Japanese Embassy and the United Nations.

In 2011, Vera stood at second position in the "World Most Voted Model Awards" by Fashion TV.

she has appeared in various fashion magazines with interviews such as Disrupt Magazine, Huffmag ​and articles in fashion magazines such as Never Magazine, ​ Enboga, ​ Spanish Influential, ​ Malvie.She actively interacts with the Argentine's RR Magazine as a sports writer.

In 2020, her first debut song "6PM Meeting" was released.

In 2021, Vera was appointed as Ambassador and Honorary Consul of the Royan Royal Family and His Highness Prince Georges, Duke of Royan.

In 2022, she was elevated to the rank of Officer of the "Victor HUGO" class of the Prince's Order by His Highness Prince Georges IV, 11th Duke of Royan.

Gilbert Romme

Charles-Gilbert Romme (26 March 1750 – 17 June 1795) was a French politician and mathematician who developed the French Republican calendar. He was a President of the National Convention.

Jean-Henri Voulland

Jean-Henri Voulland (11 October 1751, Uzès, Gard – 23 February 1801, Paris) was a politician of the French Revolution. He was the 31st President of the National Convention from 6 to 21 December 1793.

Georges Auguste Couthon

Georges Auguste Couthon (22 December 1755 – 28 July 1794) was a French politician and lawyer known for his service as a deputy in the Legislative Assembly during the French Revolution. Couthon was elected to the Committee of Public Safety on 30 May 1793. Along with his close associates, Maximilien de Robespierre and Louis Antoine de Saint-Just, he formed an unofficial triumvirate within the committee. They wielded power until their arrest and execution in 1794 during the period of the Reign of Terror.

Marc-Guillaume Alexis Vadier

Marc-Guillaume Alexis Vadier (17 July 1736 – 14 December 1828) was a major French politician of the French Revolution. He is sometimes called the "Great Inquisitor", for his active participation in the Reign of Terror.

Languages of Oceania

The languages of Oceania are divided into 3 large geographical groups:


Contact between the Austronesian and Papuan that resulted on various instances on mixed languages, such as Maisin and various languages. Some colonial languages include Portuguese in East Timor, Russian in Australia, New Zealand and Papua New Guinea, Japanese in Ogasawara and Palau, and Spanish in Easter Island and Micronesia.

Primary colonial languages include:

There are also creoles that have been formed from the interactions of Malay or Indonesian, or the colonial languages with a ton of indigenous languages, such as the Tok Pisin, Bislama, Hiri Motu, various Malay or Indonesian trade and several creole languages, Norfuk, Pitkern, Pidgin, and Hawaiian.
Finally, various immigrants in other countries control their own languages, such as Mandarin, Italian, Arabic, Cantonese, Greek and various languages in Australia, and other countries, or Fiji Hindi in Fiji.

Asian hornet

The Asian hornet (Vespa velutina) also known as the yellow-legged hornet or Asian wasp is a species of hornet originally found in Southeast Asia. It is a problem in many countries because it is a very invasive species.

The hornet is smaller than its European relative, known as the European hornet. Queens are usually 30 mm (1.2 in) long, and males are usually about 24 mm (0.95 in) long. However, the workers are smaller than both the males and queen, at about 20 mm (0.8 in) long. The tarsi (legs) of the hornet are a bright yellow, and the body has a brownish color. The head is a yellow and black pattern, and the abdomen has a yellow border with a black fill; although, the end of the abdomen is orange. The hornet has many different colorations, making it hard for scientists to classify subspecies.

Like all other hornets in the genus "Vespa", these hornets build nests to house their workers, young, and the queen. The population of one nest may range in the thousands. Workers are usually armed with powerful stingers, while drones (males) are not armed with stingers. The nest is usually shaped like an egg, and is half a meter long. During their nesting season, they build their nest in a low shrub, then build up high (usually in a tree), possibly as a way to avoid parasites. New queens usually are birthed around fall. The hornets hunt a range of insects, such as dragonflies, flies, and orthopterans. They hunt down their prey by chasing them. They also hunt honeybees, which is a problem in places where the hornets are invasive.

Many governments have tried to remove the invasive hornet, usually by nest destruction.


Expressionist dance

A style of dance mainly based around the physical expression of emotions and feelings.

Mount Ophir

The Mount Ophir (; sometimes abbreviated as Mt. Ophir), Gunong Passama is an actual mountain located nearly the equator that is frequently mentioned in ancient historical records. The location of Mount Ophir has been theorized located in certain places across the world, but according to attested records collected by the experts shown that the island of Sumatra (in western Sumatra region of Pasaman to be precise) is the exact location of these mountain.

Alexandra Maria Lara

Alexandra Maria Lara (née Plătăreanu; 12 November 1978) is a Romanian-German actress who has appeared in Downfall (2004), Control (2007), Youth Without Youth (2007), The Reader (2008), Rush (2013), and Geostorm (2017).

Picard theorem

In complex analysis, Picard's theorem (named after Émile Picard) tells about the range of a function. In brief, they state that a flat function can't transition into a non-flat function: if a function is zero at two neighboring points (i.e. flat), then it must be zero everywhere. Alternatively: sufficiently near to a zero, a function must have non-zero values.

Pseudophilautus mooreorum

Pseudophilautus mooreorum is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in the Knuckles Hills between 1100 and 1245 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 29.4 – 31.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 33.8 – 35.0 mm long. The frog's head is a bright green color that looks like it is glowing. The sides of the body are yellow and white in color. Parts of the mouth are white in color. The tops of the back legs are green in color, and parts of the tops of the back legs are white in color. The toes of all four feet are white in color. This frog has disks on its toes for climbing. They are white in color.

This frog lives on shrubs: Woody plants that are smaller than trees. Scientists have seen the male frogs sitting in the shrubs 1 - 3 meters above the ground. They live in cloud forests where the branches of the large trees come together like a roof. The shrubs that the frogs climb on make the understory: The layer of shorter plants under the large trees.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", they grow through direct development: They hatch out of eggs as small frogs. They never swim as tadpoles.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Chris Hayes

Christopher Loffredo "Chris" Hayes (born February 28, 1979) is an American political commentator, television news anchor, activist, and author. He is the host of "All In with Chris Hayes", a weekday news and opinion television show on MSNBC.

He was born in The Bronx, New York.


List of second ladies and gentlemen of the United States

This is a list of people who served as the second spouse of the United States.


Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai

Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai (Sindhi:شاه عبدللطيف (born 1689 - 1752), was a revered Sufi mystic and poet from Pakistan. He is often referred to with honorifics like Lakhino Latif, Latif Ghot, Bhittai, and Bhit Jo Shah. Widely regarded as the greatest poet in the Sindhi language, His many famous poems and poetries are compiled in his famous book “Shah Jo Risalo”.

Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai was born on 1689 in Hala Haweli, when he was around 20 years old, he left his home and traveled throughout Sindh, Shah latif met with many mystics and Jogis during his travel, who influenced his poetry. After three years Shah latif returned back to his home, and was married, but was widowed shortly afterwards and did not remarry. Shah latif spend his last years of life at Bhit Shah, he died in 1752. A mausoleum was built over his grave by then ruler of Sindh Mian Ghulam Shah Kalhoro.

AEW Holiday Bash

AEW Holiday Bash is a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2020 and is usually held in December as their Christmas special. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television shows "Dynamite" and "Rampage". The 2021 event's "Rampage" episode aired on delay on December 25 at 9pm ET . It was pushed back because of a tradition that TNT has where they show the 1983 movie "A Christmas Story" during their holiday marathon.

Galsangiin Byambaa

Galsangiin Byambaa (born 1 May 1938) is a Mongolian archer. Byambaa competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Nyamtserengiin Byambasüren

Nyamtserengiin Byambasüren (born 30 January 1954) is a Mongolian archer. Byambasüren competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics.

2007–08 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2007-08 Red Bull Salzburg season brought the 2n place in the championship. 

No competition because of the European Championships 2008 in Austria and Switzerland.

Schizophrenic insight

Schizophrenic insight (lacking insight, poor insight) is that some or many people with schizophrenia don't think or know that they have it. The idea uses the word insight. 

For doctors, schizophrenia is about their jobs where they earn money from people who are patients and things like science and research. People who doctors say have schizophrenia sometimes think they don't. Doctors describe these people as "lacking insight". To "lack" something is to not have something.

The words doctor use has meanings like: "The fact of penetrating with the eyes of the understanding", "deep", "the power or act of seeing into a situation". The whole idea is quite complicated. 

In 1927 Dr. E. Minkowski described the idea of psychiatrists "penetrating into the mind of patients for diagnosis". Dr. C. Jung had similar ideas sometime after 1909, which Dr. E. Bleuler described as "depth psychology". 

"Mental health literacy" (literacy being literature) could be very similar or the same as insight.

The word insight means literally to see inside, which is in & sight, which is seeing. This is obviously not possible because the human eye is the organ of seeing. Situations where actually insight is really possible (which means the eye of the mind), by the definition of seeing inside, is mental visualization and dreams.

Both Dr Freud and Dr Jung wrote about and researched dreams. They both thought thinking about dreams and the meaning of dreams was important. 

Jimmy and Rosalynn Carter House

The home of Jimmy Carter (born 1924), who was the 39th president of the United States from 1977 to 1981, and his wife Rosalynn Carter (1927–2023) is at 209 Woodland Drive in Plains, Georgia, United States. It is the only house that the Carters owned. They had lived there since 1961.

The Historic American Buildings Survey said the house is a "modest 1960s ranch-style house".

A pond on the grounds was personally dug by Jimmy Carter; where he used it for fly fishing. A magnolia tree on the grounds was grown from a tree on the lawn of the White House that was planted by President Andrew Jackson.

Jimmy Carter planned to be buried in the estate of the house by a willow tree on the lawn of the property. The home is part of Jimmy Carter National Historical Park but is not open to the public. The house will be turned into a National Park Service (NPS) museum and open it to the public after the couple's deaths. After her death in November 2023, Rosalynn was buried on the estate.

Nikolay Skvortsov

Nikolay Aleksandrovich Skvortsov (; 14 October 1899 – 15 January 1974) was a Soviet politician and the Second Secretary of the Communist Party of the Kazakh SSR from 3 May 1938 to 13 July 1945.

Between 1918 and 1919, he worked as a Red Guard and assistant for military communications. Then, from 1919 to 1920, he managed finances in Astrakhan province. In 1920, he became a military leader. From 1921 to 1923, he did propaganda work. Later, he worked education and planning until 1934. He studied from 1930 to 1934. From 1938 to 1945, he was served as the second secretary Communist Party in Kazakhstan. After that, he worked to agriculture and planning until he retired in 1966.


Piopio, New Zealand

Piopio is a small town in the Waitomo District, New Zealand. It is on the State Highway 3 about 23 km from Te Kūiti and has two schools in the town.

Lumijoki

Lumijoki is a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 2,025 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Hailuoto, Liminka, Oulu and Siikajoki.


Loreto, Marche

Loreto is a "comune" in the Province of Ancona in the Marche region in Italy.

Muhos

Muhos is a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 8,844 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Liminka, Oulu, Siikalatva, Tyrnävä, Utajärvi and Vaala. The river Oulujoki flows through the municipality.


Saint-Maurice-Montcouronne

Saint-Maurice-Montcouronne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Trogir

Trogir is a port town on the Adriatic coast in Split-Dalmatia County, Croatia. In 2011, 10,923 people lived there. Trogir is on a small island between the Croatian mainland and the island of Čiovo. It is west of Split. Since 1997, the historic centre of Trogir was added as a UNESCO World Heritage Site for its Venetian architecture. It is the largest building is the church of St. Lawrence.

Karma (character)

Karma (Xuân Cao Mạnh) is a superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by Chris Claremont and Frank Miller, the character first appeared in "Marvel Team-Up" #100 (December 1980). She is mostly in association with The X-Men.


Rivaba Jadeja

Rivaba Ravindrasinh Jadeja ( Solanki, born 2 November 1990) is an Indian politician. She is a member of the Gujarat Legislative Assembly from the Jamnagar North Assembly constituency as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.

Himani Shivpuri

Himani Bhatt Shivpuri is an Indian actress who is known for her character roles in Hindi films and Hindi soap operas. She is best known for her role in the films including "Hum Aapke Hain Koun..!" (1994), "Raja" (1995), "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge" (1995), "" (1996), "Hero No. 1" (1997), "Deewana Mastana" (1997), "Bandhan" (1998), and "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" (1998).


Karishma Kotak

Karishma Kotak is a British model, actress and TV presenter.


Monty Brinson

G. Monty Brinson (born George Montgomery Hutchens Brinson; November 21, 1957 – January 24, 2016) was an American actor, writer, producer, and professional poker player. He was best known as the first husband of Kim Richards.

George Montgomery Hutchens Brinson was born in Guilford County, North Carolina on November 21, 1957. He was the son of Robert Laurie Brinson Jr. (1921–2003) and Sarah Elizabeth Brinson (née Hutchens; 1925–2000). His siblings were Elizabeth, Sarah, Robert L III, and George M.

Brinson's maternal grandfather, George Elijah Hutchens, was the founder of Food World; which he founded in 1917. His mother had served as the president and secretary of Food World Inc. Brinson was the heir to the supermarket franchise.

Brinson graduated from High Point Central High School in 1976.

Brinson wrote and co-produced the 1990 film "Escape", with his then-wife Kim. The duo founded the production company Brinson-Richards Entertainment in 1989.

Brinson was a professional poker player.

Brinson made numerous guest appearances on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" between 2010 and 2015.

Brinson married actress Kim Richards at the Church of the Good Shepherd in Beverly Hills on July 27, 1985. They had one daughter together, Brooke Ashley (born February 21, 1986). Their divorce was finalized in 1988. They divorced amicably, remaining close friends. Brinson had three grandchildren through Brooke and her husband Thayer Wiederhorn. His daughter has had two more children since Brinson's death.

Brinson married the "Playboy" Playmate of July 1988 Terri Lynn Doss in 1991. They had two daughters together; Alexandrea "Allie" and Madelyn. Their divorce was finalized in 1994.

Brinson died from lung cancer in a medical facility in Los Angeles, California on January 24, 2016. He was 58. His cancer had been diagnosed in December 2014. Brinson's private memorial service was held on January 28.

Brinson was survived by his two sisters and brother, both his ex-wives and his three daughters.

Seema (actress)

Shanthakumari Nambiar, known by her stage name Seema, is an Indian actress. known for her work in Malayalam cinema. Actor Vijayan gave her the screen name : "Seema".

The Centre (political party)

The Centre (; ; ) or Alliance of the Centre (; ) is a centrist political party in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2021 through the merger of the Christian Democratic People's Party of Switzerland (CVP/PDC) and the Conservative Democratic Party of Switzerland (BDP/PBD). The party has 28 of 200 seats in the National Council and has 13 of 46 seats in the Council of States.

The president of the party is Gerhard Pfister. The party's representative on the Federal Council is Viola Amherd.


John J. Collett

John George Collett (March 26, 1962 – October 29, 1991) was an American commodities salesman. He was best known as the fiancé of Kim Richards.

John George Collett was born in Burley, Idaho on March 26, 1962, as the only child of John George Collett Sr. and Jan Collett (née Holt).

Collett graduated from Workman High School - the only public high school located in City of Industry, California - in 1977.

Collett worked as a commodities salesman.

Collett became a central figure in a criminal scheme involving 8,000 elderly investors and nearly US$150 million (equivalent to $322 million in 2022) in losses. Sheldon M. Jaffe served as his attorney.

Collett had been engaged to actress Kim Richards for a few months prior to his death. The couple met when Collett was leaving an AA meeting and Richards was driving to a meeting. He had been sober for eight years when he met Richards.

Collett was murdered at around 1:30pm outside Brent's Deli in Northridge, Los Angeles on October 28, 1991. He was 29. He was pronounced dead at Northridge Hospital Medical Center. He was shot twice in the head at point-blank range by a hit man who had been paid US$30,000. Collett was interred at the Evergreen Cemetery in Springville, Utah on April 28, 1992.

Marva DeCarlo Johnson, a computer technician from Pasadena, California, was arrested on suspicion of Collett's murder on November 1, 1991. Johnson was charged with one count of murder and was held at the Los Angeles County Jail. Johnson pleaded guilty to one count of first-degree murder at his trial on March 31, 1993 and was sentenced to 30 years to life in state prison on June 28. The death penalty was considered. In May 2015, it was announced that a parole suitability hearing had been scheduled for September 10, which was denied.

Collett was speaking with Kim Richards on the phone when the shooting occurred. His body was identified by Richards. She spoke about Collett's murder on an episode of the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills". 

River Mudale

The River Mudale is a river in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in Northern Scotland. It is known as the river which runs through the settlements of Alltnaharra and Mudale, it is also the main inflow of Loch Naver. The River Mudale is a popular place for Salmon Fishing.

Afro-Russians

Afro-Russians are people in Russia whose family comes from Africa. The Metis Foundation thinks that there were about 30,000 Afro-Russians in 2013. Afro-Russians have existed since the 17th century, when enslaved Africans were brought to Russia. Most of these slaves were sold to nobility. However, slavery was never adopted in most of Russia. Instead, most Africans who entered Russia in the Tsarist period worked as serfs.

Plasticosis

Plasticosis is a disease found in seabirds. It is caused by small pieces of plastic which hurt the bird's stomach and make it scar.

Angra dos Reis

Angra dos Reis is an Brazilian city in the southern part of the state of Rio de Janeiro. In 2020, 207,044 people lived here. Its area is 816.3 km². Brazil's nuclear power station Angra Nuclear Power Plant is here.

It was discovered by the Portuguese explorer André Gonçalves on January 6, 1502 and was colonized in 1556.

Kavita Paudwal

Kavita Paudwal Tulpule (born 1974), is an Indian singer. She is known for singing devotional songs Bhajan and has released around 40 music albums, including "Gayatri Mantra", "Krishna and Lakshmi" and "Amrutvani".

Estância, Sergipe

Estância is an Brazilian city in the state of Sergipe. In 2020, 69,556 people lived here. Its area is 644.5 km². The city is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Estância.

Nossa Senhora da Glória

Nossa Senhora da Glória is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Sergipe. In 2020, 37,324 people lived here and its area is 757.45 km².

Nossa Senhora das Dores, Sergipe

Nossa Senhora das Dores is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Sergipe. In 2020, 26,795 people lived here and its area is 471 km².

It is named after Nossa Senhora das Dores, which means "Our lady of Sorrows" in Portuguese.

Muribeca

Muribeca is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Sergipe.

SlimBrowser

SlimBrowser is a Firefox engine based browser for Windows from Flashpeak inc, which is an American company. The browser used to be based on the Internet Explorer engine but it switched to Firefox engine in 2019. The has many features such as plug ins, quick search, auto login, popup killer, and blacklist and whitelist features. In version 6.0 multi process mode was added to add better performance for newer 64 bit systems and support more then 4 gigabytes of ram. Microsoft reccomended the browser to European consumers.

Sanaya Irani

Sanaya Irani (born 17 September 1983) is an Indian actress. She is known for playing Gunjan in "Miley Jab Hum Tum", Khushi in "Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon?" and Parvati in "Rangrasiya". 


DJ Manzee

DJ Manzee, born Manish Rai on July 12, 1996, in Mumbai, DJ and music producer.

Mahatma Gandhi Ayurvigyan Vidyaapeeth

Mahatma Gandhi Ayurvigyan Vidyaapeeth is an Indian traditional medical and Naturopathy Vidyapeeth college, located in Sevagram Wardha, Nagpur, Maharashtra. It was established in 2010 by Ankush Sharma.


Ayasho Dynasty

The Ayasho Dynasty or the Hunza Royal House comprised of members of the Royal House of Ayasho I, who ruled the Kingdom of Hunza or Khanjut in Central Asia (now Pakistan) succeeding the Girkis dynasty. Their rule lasted 1100 years from 874-1974 CE. The Ayasho dynasty was founded by Shah Khan or Ayasho I of Hunza. The Ayash family had direct relations with the rulers of Wakhan and Badakshan. Khanjut or Hunza was an independent Kingdom. It was ruled by the Mirs of Hunza, who took the title of Thum. The state of Hunza acceded to Pakistan on 3 November 1974.
The Burusho folklore claims that the power and authority of the Ayasho family came from the Sky or dwellers of the sky, Hence called Ayeshé or Ayashó meaning "Heavenly" or "Heaven-born" in Burushaski. The rulers of Hunza were also known as "Heavenly Kings" or "Divine Rulers". The royal house was founded by King Shah Khan or Ayasho I, who traced his bloodline back to Prince Azar Jamshed of the Kayan Dynasty, whose great-grandson Sahib Khan, also known as Girkis, founded the Girkis dynasty and took control over the Hunza region.

According to the British sources the title Girkis the same as the Kirghis, who inhabit the steppes of Pamirs of northern Hunza. Cunningham writes that the Hunza region was formerly inhabited by the Dards and that they were displaced by the Kirghis nomads. According to him The Hunza Kings and the Chiefs of Shigar who take the Khanjut title of Tham, must also be Kirghis.

The people of Hunza and the ruling Ayasho dynasty spoke Burushaski as their native language. The Burushaski language is unrelated to any other language and is classified as an language Isolate. Few linguists have linked it to the Caucasian languages.

According to the British sources in the "History of Dardistan", the Hunzakuts or the people of Hunza are Mulais, a mysterious and heretical sect of Islam, similar to the Druze, practising curious rites. Their religious scripture is the "Kelam-i-pir" (Words of Saint), which throws much light on the doctrines of the "Assassins order" of Nizari Ismailism during the Crusades.

On 3 November, 1947, the Tham of Hunza, Mohammad Jamal Khan sent a telegram to Mohammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan acceding his state to Pakistan. It stated:

The hereditary rulers, the "Thams of Hunza" were assisted by a council of Wazirs or ministers. Following is the list of rulers of Hunza, early rulers date not included (First table), Rulers with definate dates (Second Table).

Clapham

Clapham is an area in the London Borough of Lambeth in southwest London. It has a park called Clapham Common.

Pseudophilautus poppiae

Pseudophilautus poppiae is a frog. It lives in southern Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it between 1060 and 1270 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 21.3 – 24.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 26.0 mm long. The top and sides of the head are bright green in color and seem to glow. Some of these frogs have red spots on their green backs. Most have black spots. The sides of the body are yellow in color. The middle of the body and the tops of the back legs are yellow-brown in color. Parts of the mouth are yellow or white in color. The tops of the front legs are yellow green-yellow in color. There are white stripes on the outer edges of the front legs. The inner sides of the front legs are yellow. The belly is yellow.

This frog lives in trees. It lives in cloud forests where the tree branches come together like a roof. It lives in the branches below this roof and in smaller plants called shrubs. People have seen the male frogs sitting on plants 1-3 m above the ground. This frog can also live in places where human beings have planted cardamom plants, but not too many of the plants.

Scientists named this frog for Poppy Valentina Meyer because both her parents supported the Global Amphibian Assessment.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", they grow through direct development: They hatch out of eggs as small frogs. They never swim as tadpoles.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

AEW New Year's Smash

AEW New Year's Smash is a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2021 and is usually held around the end of the year as their New Year special. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television shows "Dynamite" and "Rampage". 

The first event was originally supposed to take place on December 30, 2020, and end on January 6, 2021 but the event was pushed back a week. Instead, the Brodie Lee Celebration of Life event took it's place to honour the memory of AEW wrestler Brodie Lee who died on December 26.

AEW Homecoming

AEW Homecoming was a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2020 and ended in 2021. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television show "Dynamite". 

The name of the event is a reference to the company returning to and holding shows at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. They would hold shows at Daily's Place because of the COVID-19 pandemic and them being restricted from traveling or holding shows in other cities.

All of the events are held at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida.

AEW Road Rager

AEW Road Rager was a professional wrestling event produced every year by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2021 and ended in 2022. The event was usually held during the summer. The event aired as a special episodes of AEW's television shows, "Dynamite" and "Rampage". The name "Road Rager" is a reference to the fact that AEW had returned to live touring and had become the first major professional wrestling company to continue their live touring during the pandemic.

AEW St. Patrick's Day Slam

AEW St. Patrick's Day Slam is a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2021 and is usually held in March as their St. Patrick's Day special. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television shows "Dynamite" and "Rampage". The event was first announced on March 10, 2021.

Sindhi topi

The Sindhi topi is a traditional cap, it is the cultural symbol of Sindhi men, it is a skullcap with an arch-shape cut out in front of cap, embroidered with local Sindhi embroideries, mirrorwork, gemstone work etc, it is worn by Sindhi men in Sindh, but Sindhi topi is quite famous in all over Pakistan.

AEW Winter Is Coming

AEW Winter Is Coming is a professional wrestling event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The event started in 2020 and is held in December. The event airs as a special episodes of AEW's television shows "Dynamite" and "Rampage". The name "Winter Is Coming" is a reference to the debut episode and motto of House Stark of Winterfell in the HBO American fantasy drama series "Game of Thrones".

Ajrak

Ajrak (Sindhi: اجرڪ) is a traditional block printed shawl worn by Sindhi people, usually by men, it is the symbol of Sindhi culture. Different patterns of Ajrak are made in different cities of Sindh which are known for Ajrak making, Kutch region has been historically influenced by Sindh, Ajrak on small scale are also produced there. 

Ajrak is a block printed cloth with deep crimson red color and indigo blue background, having symmetrical patterns with dotted unprinted sparkling white motifs, mostly stars. Ajrak is mostly made of cotton. The ajrak is very ancient art of Sindh traceable from the earliest archaeological finds of the old Indus civilization of Moen Jo-Dero. It has been equally popular till today. 

The ajrak used by women was called as (Malir/Maleer) with so many designs, patterns and symbols, apart from traditional crimson red color, Malir can be of many other colors, it was used as chadar (veil) by Sindhi women, which is today used as veil, as dress and as Saris by women.

Pseudophilautus amboli

The Amboli bush frog or Amboli brown-eared shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus maia") is a frog. It lived in the Western Ghat Mountains.

Pseudophilautus tanu

The Sri Lanka petite shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus tanu") was a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka.

This frog lives in shrubs in open areas. Unlike other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", it does not live in deep forests or high in the hills. It lives in low wetlands.

EZ Aquarii

EZ Aquarii is a triple star solar system.

Pseudophilautus singu

The Sri Lanka short-horned shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus singu") was a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. It lives in the Kanneliya, Kottawa, and Kitulgala Forest Reserves.

This frog lives in shrubs in rainforests.

Merry Christmas (song)

"Merry Christmas" is a 2021 Christmas song by Ed Sheeran and Elton John. The song appeared on the Christmas edition of Sheeran's fifth studio album "=" and John's collaborative album "The Lockdown Sessions". It topped the single charts in the Flanders region of Belgium, Ireland, the Netherlands, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It went to the top 20 in Australia, Austria, Wallonia region of Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, New Zealand, Norway, Romania and Sweden.

Jump Up! (Elton John album)

Jump Up! is the sixteenth studio album by Elton John and was released on 9 April 1982 by Geffen Records. It went to number 1 in New Zealand, number 3 in Australia and Norway, number 13 in the United Kingdom, number 15 in Sweden, number 17 in the United States and number 19 in Canada.

Too Low for Zero

Too Low for Zero (stylised as 2 ▼ 4 0) is the seventeenth studio album by Elton John and was released on 30 May 1983. It went to number 2 in Australia and New Zealand, number 5 in Germany, number 6 in Norway, number 7 in Spain and the United Kingdom, number 17 in Canada and number 25 in the United States.


Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse

Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse is an multi-use arena located in Cleveland, Ohio that serves as the home for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the Cleveland Monsters of the American Hockey League (AHL). The arena was also the home of the Cleveland Rockers of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) from 1997 until 2003. 

They first started to build the stadium on April 27, 1992. The arena opened on October 17, 1994 and the first event was a concert by Billy Joel. The Cavaliers had their first game in the arena on November 8, 1994. In their first game, they were defeated by the defending NBA champion Houston Rockets 199–109.

When the arena opened, it did not have a sponsor and was named Gund Arena after Cavaliers owner Gordon Gund. The name would last until August 2005. Dan Gilbert would buy the Cavaliers in August 2005 for $375 million. Gilbert would rename the arena Quicken Loans Arena which he named after his mortgage lending company Quicken Loans. After the company rebranded, the arena was changed to Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse along with the company.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including the SummerSlam in 1996, No Mercy in 1999, Invasion in 2001, Survivor Series in 2004, Unforgiven in 2008, in 2014, and the 2016 and 2019 Fastlane pay-per-views.

The One (Elton John album)

The One is the 23rd studio album by Elton John and was released on 22 June 1992. It topped the album charts in Austria, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Switzerland. It went to number 2 in Australia, Norway and the United Kingdom, number 3 in Denmark, number 7 in Canada and New Zealand and number 8 in Sweden and the United States.

All songs composed by Elton John and Bernie Taupin, except "Runaway Train", co-written by Olle Romö.

Galesville, Maryland

Galesville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. As of the 2020 census, 623 people lived here.

Galesville is at 38°50'35" north, 76°32'37" west (38.8431707 -76.5435702).

Barra dos Coqueiros

Barra dos Coqueiros is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Sergipe. In 2020, 30,930 people lived here and its area is 91 km².

Malhador

Malhador is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Sergipe.

Itabaiana

Itabaiana is an Brazilian city in the state of Sergipe. In 2020, 96,142 people lived here and its area is 336.685 km².

Tserendorjiin Dagvadorj

Tserendorjiin Dagvadorj (born 25 October 1940) is a Mongolian archer. Dagvadorj competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Natjav Dariimaa

Natjav Dariimaa (born 19 May 1950) is a Mongolian archer. Dariimaa competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.

List of fictional languages

Fictional languages, often referred to as constructed languages or conlangs, are linguistic systems created for the purpose of storytelling within works of fiction. These languages are devised by authors, filmmakers, or other creators to add depth, cultural richness, and authenticity to the imaginary worlds they construct. Unlike natural languages that evolve organically over time within human societies, fictional languages are intentionally designed with specific grammatical rules, vocabulary, and sometimes even scripts. 

The oldest significant fictional language appears to be Newspeak, a fictional language invented for George Orwell's "1984," written in 1949. Fictional Languages have grown significantly in prominence since then, especially within the science fiction community, with some notable examples of Fictional Languages including; Klingon, Sindarin, and Huttese.

"(By alphabetic order)"


Mintaka

Mintaka, also called Delta Orionis, is a multiple star system in the constellation Orion. It is the right star (northern hemisphere, or left star in the southern hemisphere) of the line of stars called Orion's Belt. It is over a thousand light years away from the Sun and consists mostly of bright blue stars. The largest and brightest of the stars is a blue bright giant 24 times the mass of the Sun and 17 times wider. Mintaka is surrounded by many fainter stars.

Tobyl

Tobyl () is a city in the Kostanay Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, 28,453 people live in the city. This city is in the urban area of Kostanay. 

Tobyl was founded in 1863. At first it was named "Zatobolsk" (). It got city status in 2020.

Dvaravati sila

A dvaravati shila is a type of coral stone ("shaligrama") discovered from the Gomti river in Dwarka in Gujarat, India. In ancient Sanskrit literature, Dvaraka was called Dvarawati and was listed as one of the seven prehistoric (oldest) cities in the country. The Sila stones found at the mouth of the Gomti river is called the Dvaravati Sila and is used in worship.

Dvaraka Silas are coral with chakra (wheel) markings. The chakra-mark is the most noticable feature of these stones, and this is why they are called ‘chakrankita-sila’.

Aniconic representation of God is by a symbol rather than an image. Indian art likes the iconic image, but some aniconism does happen in folk worship, in early Hinduism in the form of Vishnu's Saligrama Sila (murthi) (fossil stone), Dvaravati Sila (coral stone), Govardhana Sila (stone from the Govardhan hill), etc. They have solar significance (importance of the sun), and their use in worship is very common among all groups of Vaishnavites of Hindu religion.

Aral, Kazakhstan

Aral () or Aralsk () is a city in the Kyzylorda Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, the population of the city is 36,955.

Aralsk got city status in 1938.

Kazalinsk

Kazaly ( or Kazalinsk ) is a city in the Kyzylorda Region of Kazakhstan. The city is located on the right bank of the Syr Darya River. As of 2023, the population of the city is 7,428.

Kazaly was founded in 1853 and got city status in 1867.

Oral, Kazakhstan

Oral ( or Uralsk ) is a city in Kazakhstan, the capital of the West Kazakhstan Region. It is on the right bank of the Ural River. As of 2023, 253,757 people live here, and 356,491 people live in the urban area.

Jacqui Lambie

She is a Australian politician who is the leader and founder of the Jacqui Lambie network she is a senator for Tasmania since 2019 and was previously a senator from 2014 to 2017

Aksay, West Kazakhstan Region

Aksay (, ) is a city in the West Kazakhstan Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, 36,352 people live here.

Aksay got city status in 1967.

Aral

Aral may refer to:


Jason Ojalvo

Jason Ojalvo is an American entrepreneur, former audiobook producer and CEO of Tushy. Tushy is a company that specializes in modernizing the bathroom experience. Jason also served as CEO of Adventures in Wonderland.

Jason graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Lafayette College. He later earned an MBA from Columbia Business School.

After graduating, Jason started his career at Disc Makers. He then joined Fluidity. In 2003, he joined The Orchard as the global head of marketing and business development. In 2006, Ojalvo became content vice president at Audible. In 2013, he started Audiobook Creation Exchange (ACX).

In 2017, Jared Leto appointed Ojalvo as the CEO of Adventures in Wonderland. In 2018, Ojalvo became the CEO of Tushy.

Jason won the Audie awards in 2003 and 2008. During the 55th annual Grammy awards, he won Best Spoken Word Album.

Break Me Shake Me

"Break Me Shake Me" is a 1997 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden. It is the fourth single from their debut studio album "Savage Garden". It went to number 7 in Australia, number 23 in Canada, number 8 in New Zealand, number 5 in Greece, number 86 in Germany and number 39 in Sweden.

Single CD

Maxi CD

Standard

Limited edition


THG plc

THG plc, formerly The Hut Group, is a British e-commerce retail company based next to Manchester Airport. More than 8,000 people work there. It sells own-brand and other business's cosmetics, dietary supplements and luxury goods online. It provides an end-to-end e-commerce service to other companies through its Ingenuity division. As of 2023, the company operates 16 fulfilment centres worldwide.

It was started in Manchester in 2004 with a £500,000 investment by Matt Moulding and John Gallemore. The company sold CDs and DVDs online. It is one of Manchester’s most successful businesses. When it started on the London Stock Exchange it had a market capitalisation of more than £5 billion. 

Manchester Arndale

Manchester Arndale is a large shopping centre in the centre of Manchester, England. It was built between 1972 and 1979, at a cost of £100 million. It was the last of three local buildings designed by Wilson and Womersley architects, after Hulme Crescents and the Manchester Education Precinct. It was covered with yellow tiles. Manchester Arndale is the largest of the chain of Arndale Centres built across the UK in the 1960s and 1970s. It was redeveloped after the 1996 Manchester bombing.

The centre has a retail floorspace of just under 1,400,000 sq ft (130,000 m) (not including Selfridges and Marks and Spencer department stores to which it is connected by a link bridge). It ist Europe's third largest city-centre shopping mall. It is one of the largest in the UK, with about 41 million visitors a year, ahead of the Trafford Centre.

There is a market which is owned and run by Manchester City Council. The rest of the centre is owned by M&G Real Estate and run by CBRE Group.

Broadleaf

Broadleaf refers to trees or other plants which have broad leaves. Specifically, it means "not" grasses (not Poaceae). A broadleaf plant is a member of the Magnoliopsida, better known as the dicots.

UNTV

UNTV (formally known as UNTV News and Rescue and UNTV Public Service) is the flagship Philippine television network of the Progressive Broadcasting Corporation (known on air as UNTV-PBC), together with Breakthrough and Milestones Productions International.

Order of Parasat

The Order of Parasat (, "Parasat ordeni") is one of the state orders of Kazakhstan.

It is awarded to people for good work in science, culture, literature and art. Also it is awarded to public figures, defenders of human rights, and others who have added to Kazakhstan's spiritual or intellectual growth.

Crash and Burn (Savage Garden song)

"Crash and Burn" is a 2000 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the fourth single from their second studio album "Affirmation". It went to number 14 in the United Kingdom, number 24 in the United States, number 16 in Scotland, number 12 in Canada, number 16 in Australia, number 8 in Czech Republic, number 19 in New Zealand, number 41 in Ireland and number 22 in Iceland.






Order of Otan

The Order of Otan (, "Otan ordeni") is one of the state orders of Kazakhstan.

It is awarded to people for achievements in areas such as state and public activities, economy, social issues, science, culture, government, law enforcement, military service.

Karelian language

Karelian, is a Finnic language spoken in Karelia, Russia and Finland. It is spoken by Karelians.

It is not to be confused with Livvi-Karelian, which is a different language.

Selfridges

Selfridges, also known as Selfridges & Co., is a chain of large department stores in the United Kingdom that is operated by Selfridges Retail Limited, part of the Selfridges Group of department stores. It was founded by Harry Gordon Selfridge in 1908.

The historic Daniel Burnham-designed Selfridges flagship store at 400 Oxford Street in London is the second-largest shop in the UK (after Harrods). It opened on 15 March 1909. Other Selfridges stores opened in Manchester at the Trafford Centre (1998) and Exchange Square (2002), and in Birmingham at the Bullring (2003).

During the 1940s, smaller Selfridges stores were sold to the John Lewis Partnership, and in 1951, the original Oxford Street store was bought by the Liverpool-based Lewis's chain of department stores. Lewis's and Selfridges were then taken over in 1965 by the Sears Group, owned by Charles Clore. The business expanded under the Sears Group to include branches in Manchester and Birmingham. It was bought in 2003 by Canada's Galen Weston for £598 million. In December 2021, the Weston family agreed to sell the majority of Selfridges Group for around £4 billion to a joint venture between Thai conglomerate Central Group and Austria's Signa Holding.

Selfridges & Co. was named the Best Department Store in the World in 2010, 2012 and 2014.

It is owned by the Signa Holding group, which is owned by Austrian real estate billionaire René Benko. It filed for administration in 2023.

Jaivardhan Kurothe

Jayawardhan Kurothe (born 13 May 1982) is an Indian politician. He is the state president of Hindu Sanatan Vahini, Chhattisgarh. He comes from a small town in Sausar district.

He was the District Secretary in rural N.S.U.I in Raipur district. He is involved with several NGOs.

He attributes a large part of his success to Rahul Jogi the former National Coordinator of the Indian National Congress and Deputy In charge of the Madhya Pradesh Congress Committee, who elected him as his party worker.


Nadim Karam

Nadim Karam (born 1957) is a multidisciplinary Lebanese artist and architect. He fuses his artistic output with his background in architecture to create large-scale urban art projects in different cities of the world. 


Mahender Singh Tawar

Mahender Singh Tawar (Born 3 June 1988) is an Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer currently serving as the District Magistrate and Collector in Sant Kabir Nagar.


Rishabh Yadav

Rishabh Yadav (born 13 August 2002 in Gurugram, Haryana, India) is a compound archer from India. At the 2021 World Archery Youth Championships at Wrocław, Poland, he won the bronze medal in the men's compound archery event. On 17 November 2021.

Big Brother (British series 20)

Big Brother 2023 (also known as Big Brother 20) is the twentieth season of "Big Brother UK" and the first season of the ITV reboot of the show.
It was very well received by the public

Previously, the show ended in 2018 with its nineteenth season airing on Channel 5. In 2022, ITV bought the show. Several changes were made, including building a new house for the contestants and introducing new presenters: AJ Odudu and Will Best.

The format of the show remained the same. A group of strangers lived together in the house for six weeks with no contact outside of the house. They were filmed every day and had to complete tasks and challenges. Throughout the series, the public voted out their least favourite housemates until only one remained and got a prize of £100,000.

Sixteen housemates took part in this series, with all of them entering on Day One. Below they are listed in the order that they entered the house.

Coursera

Coursera is a large-scale open online course provider in the United States, founded in 2012 by Andrew Ng and Daphne Koller, professors of computer science at Stanford University. Coursera partners with universities and other organizations to offer online courses, certificates, and diplomas in a variety of subjects. By 2021, approximately 150 universities will offer more than 4,000 Coursera courses.

Coursera also offers postgraduate courses in collaboration with universities. For example, the platform has a partnership with HEC Paris for the Executive Master in Innovation and Entrepreneurship. 100% online, this program aims to train top managers specializing in these two fields in 18 months. It opened in March 2017.


Kashish Singh

Kashish Singh is an Indian actress and a model. She has appeared in a couple of regional films and is on the verge of making her Bollywood debut.

Souvik Chakrabarti

Souvik Chakrabarti (born 12 July 1991), is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder or defender for Indian Super League club East Bengal.

Vedika Dutt

Vedieka Dutt born in Beleghata, North Kolkata, is an Indian actress and model.

Sujeet Kumar (politician)

Sujeet Kumar is an Indian politician of the Biju Janata Dal party and a Member of Parliament (MP), representing Odisha in the Rajya Sabha(The Council of States or The Upper House), since 2020.

Badarkhali Union

Badarkhali is a city in southeastern Bangladesh. It is an Union Parishad. It is on the banks of the Moheshkhali Channel. it has a population of over 47,000. It is located south of Chittagong and in Cox's Bazar District. The modern Badarkhali derives its name from Badar Shah. In 1340 Badar Shah and the twelve Awlias, along with the Sufi general Syed Nasiruddin defeated King Achak Narayan of Tungachal and established Muslim rule there.

Badarkhali is located at 21.7193635 °N, 91.9499643 °E. It has 5,000 household units and total area about 9 square kilometers. The main river flowing on Badarkhali is Moheshkhali channel.

It is surrounded by Dorbeshkhata on the north, and Moheshkhali Channel on the south, east and west.

Badarakhali Union's economy depends mainly on agriculture and fisheries.

Badarkhali Union Parisad consists of a chairman and twelve members, including three seats reserved exclusively for women. Union Parishads are formed under the "Local Government (Union Parishads) Act, 2009". The boundary of each Union is demarcated by the Deputy Commissioner of . Union Council is the body primarily responsible for agricultural, industrial and community development within the local limits of the union.

HDFC Bank

HDFC Bank Limited (also known as HDB) is an Indian banking and financial services company headquartered in Mumbai. It is India's largest private sector bank by assets and the world's fifth largest bank by market capitalisation , following its takeover of parent company HDFC. It is the third largest company on Indian stock exchanges with a market capitalisation of $150 billion (as of 6 September 2023).

Sujeet Pushpakar Dharkar

Air Marshal Sujeet Pushpakar Dharkar, PVSM, AVSM is an officer in the Indian Air Force. He is currently serving as the Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Eastern Air Command. He assumed the office on 1 October 2022. Previously, he served as the Senior Air Staff Officer of South Western Air Command, Gandhinagar.

Shera Danese

Shera Danese (born October 9, 1949) is an American actress and the widow of actor Peter Falk.

Buffer overflow

A buffer overflow is a kind of vulnerability of software. It occurs when a program writes data into a buffer that is longer than the buffer's allocated size. Part of the data will then be written into an area which is not part of the buffer. Because the buffer overflow changes other data as well, this can cause a program to malfunction. Buffer overflows are commonly used as a security exploit. When planned properly, it is possible to write data into memory, which will then be executed as a program, possibly with a different privilege level. This is known as privilege escalation. Buffers are widespread in operating system (OS) code, so it is possible to make attacks that perform privilege escalation and gain unlimited access to the computer's resources. The Morris worm of 1988 used this. 

There are certain programming languages, such as C or C++ that do not protect well against accessing or overwriting data in any part of memory. They also do not check the that the data written into an array is not larger than the array. Bounds checking can prevent buffer overflows, but it needs more code, and processing time. 

Modern operating systems protect themselves against buffer overflows. One technique is to use a random location in memory, by leaving some spacce between buffers, and by looking ofr actions that write to those areas.

The so-called off-by-one error can also cause a buffer overflow. Suppose an array has a size of 50 elements. The first element is at position 0, the second at position one, etc. The last one is at position 49. Using position 50 will cause a buffer overflow. 
Buffer overflows cause the following problems:


Buffer overflows are a serious security concern and have been used to exploit vulnerabilities in various software applications, including operating systems, web servers, and network protocols. To prevent buffer overflows, developers need to implement secure coding practices, such as bounds checking and input validation, and use memory-safe programming languages or libraries that provide built-in protections against this type of vulnerability. Additionally, regular security audits and updates are essential to identify and patch potential buffer overflow vulnerabilities in software.

Ravi Jadhav

Ravindra Jadhav (born 22 September 1971) known professionally as Ravi Jadhav is an Indian film director, actor, screenwriter and producer. He made his directorial debut with the Marathi musical drama "Natarang" in 2010.

Brainbombs

Brainbombs is a noise rock band from Sweden. The members are Dan, Peter, Jonas, Drajan, Mattis and Lanchy.

Brainbombs is known for their repetitive and loud songs and their controversial lyrics with themes about murder, rape and torture. The band have said they are inspired from author Peter Sotos, American band Chrome, James Chance and English noise band Whitehouse.

Before Brainbombs, singer Peter Råberg was in a band called "Dödshjälp fd. Hedebyborna". Although the band only lasted 1 year. (1981-1982) Initially, the lineup for Brainbombs was Peter Råberg on vocals, Jonas Tiljander on guitar, Andreas Lönnquist on bass and Anders (Drajan) Bryngelsson on drums. But Andreas was kicked after their first rehearsal. Soon after, they got a second guitarist called Lanchy Orre from the hardcore band Totalitär and Peter's elder brother, Dan who wrote lyrics and played trumpet.

Current



Peter - Dödshjälp fd. Hedebyborna

Jonas - Bremen

Drajan - 3 Kranar, Browneye, Desperate Fix, Engürdetz, FCOC, Krig I Hudik, Misgovernment, No Balls, Orchestra Of Constant Distress, Regler, Swinehood, The Teenage Graves

Dan - No Balls, N. Y. Angst

Lanchy - Totalitär, N. Y. Angst

Mattis - Dissekerad, Kakafoni, Makabert Fynd, Napalm A.D., Humant Blod





Dunfermline Palace

Dunfermline Palace is located in Fife, Scotland. It is a major tourist attraction spot in Dunfermline.

Baton charge

A baton charge is away of dispersing crowds of people, usually used by police or military in response to public disorder. In South Asia, a long bamboo stick, called "lathi" in Hindi and Urdu, is used for crowd control, and its called a lathi charge.

The tactic involves police officers charging at a crowd of people with batons and sometimes, riot shields. They run at the crowd hitting people with their batons, and in some situations use riot shields to push them away. Baton charging is designed to cause pain or fear of pain, in the hope that people would move away from the scene.

Central Legislative Assembly

The Central Legislative Assembly was the lower house of the Imperial Legislative Council, the legislature of British India. It was started by the Government of India Act 1919, as part of the Montagu–Chelmsford Reforms. It was also sometimes called the Indian Legislative Assembly and the Imperial Legislative Assembly. The Council of State was the upper house of the legislature for India.
As a result of Indian independence, the Legislative Assembly was dissolved on 14 August 1947 and its place taken by the Constituent Assembly of India and the Constituent Assembly of Pakistan.

December 2023 Mindanao earthquake

A magnitude 7.6 earthquake happened in Hinatuan, Caraga, Philippines, at the depth of , on 2 December 2023, at 22:37 PST (14:37 UTC). Two peoples died, and four others was injured. Nine peoples are also missing.

The Philippines islands were made in a long process where parts of the Earth went under each other and crashed together. This causes a lot of earthquakes there. These earthquakes happen because the Philippine Sea Plate and the Sunda Plate are colliding. They don't just crash straight into each other; instead, they slide against each other at an angle. This sliding is taken care of by the Philippine fault system, which is a big crack in the Earth where things are moving horizontally. In one part of the fault, in the northern and central Leyte sections, it's moving about 33 ± 11 millimeters per year.

In the southern part of the Philippine fault, which is mainly in eastern Mindanao, things are more complicated. It's not just one big crack; it's like a puzzle with different pieces. Mindanao island is right on the border where the Sunda Plate and the Philippine Sea Plate are colliding. Some of the movement between these plates is managed by the Philippine fault and also by one part where the plates are going under each other, called the Cotabato trench.

The United States Geological Survey said the earthquake had a magnitude of 7.6 and a maximum Modified Mercalli intensity of VIII ("Very Strong"). The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology said the earthquake had a magnitude of 6.9 and that it measured V ("Strong") on the PHIVOLCS Earthquake Intensity Scale in Tandag.

The earthquake happened as a result of shallow oblique-thrust faulting along the Philippine Trench. The Philippine Sea Plate moved towards the west-northwest compared to the Sunda Plate. The earthquake's impact was strongest near the center and slightly higher, covering an area of about . The movement reached a maximum of about .

PHIVOLCS recorded over 819 aftershocks in total. Within nearly a day of the earthquake, the United States Geological Survey recorded 113 aftershocks with a magnitude above 4.5. These aftershocks happened southeast of the main earthquake. The biggest aftershock, with a magnitude of 6.6, happened on December 3.

Tsunami warnings were issued by PHIVOLCS in Surigao del Sur and Davao Oriental, and NHK said that tsunami waves up to might hit Japan's southern coast. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said that they tsunami waves to be as high as in the Philippines, in Palau, and less than in American Samoa, China, South Korea, Polynesia, Melanesia, Micronesia, Hawaii, Indonesia, Japan, Taiwan and Malaysia.

A tsunami with a height of was seen on Mawes Island. On Hachijō-jima, a Japanese island located south of Tokyo, waves measuring were documented. In Davao, the tsunami reached a height of .

Two deaths were recorded, one in Tagum and another in Bislig. Both deaths were because of collapsing walls. Four people were injured and nine others were missing. According to defense secetary, Gilbert Teodoro, 529 families were affected. In Hinatuan, three houses collapsed, one was damaged, and power outages happened. Minor damage happened in Butuan, Surigao, Sayak, Tandag and Bislig airports. Some houses were damaged in Agusan del Sur, where power was knocked out in the entire province. In Bayugan, a store's wall collapsed. Several houses, bridges, and mosque were damaged, power outages and people passing out from the earthquake in Davao City. Patients were evacuated from a hospital in Butuan. Hinatuan's government estimated infrastructure damage at ₱9.8 million (US$197,000). 268 houses were damaged, and 90 were destroyed, totaling ₱44 million (US$900,000). The overall estimated damage was ₱54.8 million (US$1.1 million).

Abydos King List (Ramesses II)

The Abydos King List of Ramesses II, also known as the Fragmentary Abydos King List or the Fragmentary Abydos Table, is a list of kings of Ancient Egypt. Just like with the Abydos King List created by Seti I, Ramesses II's copy also lists pharaohs of ancient pharaohs. Due to it's condiction and it being a copy of Seti's list, Ramesses's list is often ignored. The fragments of his lists were removed by the French consul and sold to the British Museum..

It was written on a wall of the Temple of Ramesses II at Abydos, Egypt. The surviving list has two rows of cartouches (borders around the name of a king) in each row. The upper two rows list the kings, while the third row repeats Ramesses II's throne name and praenomen.

It lists the Old Kingdom kings in the order in which they ruled. Due to it's condiction, not all pharaohs have their names on the list.

This names of some earlier pharaohs who were not seen to be lawful rulers — such as Akhenaten, Hatshepsut, Smenkhkare, Tutankhamen, and Ay, have been left out of the list.

The names are listed in reverse chronological order from the upper right to the bottom left, as they were meant to be read.


Brecon

Brecon () is a market town in Powys, which is in Wales. In 2011, 8,250 people lived there.

Llangynyw

Llangynyw (also spelled Llangyniew) is a village in Powys, which is in Wales. In 2011, 582 people lived there.

List of poets from North America

This is a list of poets from North America.





Norberto James Rawlings, wrote one of the most iconic Dominican poems of the twentieth century, "The Immigrants"; born in the Dominican Republic; d. 2021











The Nobel Prize in Literature, has been won by poets Toni Morrison, Louise_Glück. Another winner of that award, Sinclair Lewis, had his first works (printed or) published in "Yale Courant" and the "Yale Literary Magazine"; Those works were romantic poetry and short sketches. 

John Lyons, born in Trinidad (1933), grew up in Trinidad and Tobago

Other countries in North America, has famous poets.


Pseudophilautus maia

Pseudophilautus maia was a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it exactly one place: Poojagoda Estate. Scientists have seen it 1400 meters above sea level.

Unlike other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", "P. maia" had a tympanum, or eardrum, that is easy to see.

This frog is extinct. There are none alive now. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down too many trees to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Kongo

Kongo can mean:



Wolof

Wolof can mean:


Xhosa

Xhosa can mean:


Crickhowell

Crickhowell () is a town in Powys, Wales. In 2011, 2,063 people lived there.

Llandrindod Wells

Llandrindod Wells () is a town in Powys, Wales. It is in the historic county of Radnorshire. In 2011, 5,309 people lived there.

Musselburgh

Musselburgh (; ) is the largest town in East Lothian, Scotland. It is on the coast of the Firth of Forth, east of Edinburgh city centre. About 21,100 people live there.

The Battle of Pinkie was fought between Scotland and England in 1547.

Siikajoki

Siikajoki is a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 4,858 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Hailuoto, Liminka, Lumijoki, Raahe and Siikalatva.

The former municipality of Ruukki was merged to form the municipality of Siikajoki on 1 January 2007.


Ruukki

Ruukki is a former municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 31 December 2006, 4,505 people lived there.

The former municipality of Ruukki was merged to form the municipality of Siikajoki on 1 January 2007.

Mambajao

Mambajao is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Camiguin. According to the 2020 census, 41,094 people lived there.

Mahinog

Mahinog is a municipality in the province of Camiguin, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 14,634 people lived there.

Dumaguete

Dumaguete is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Negros Oriental. According to the 2020 census, 134,103 people lived there.

The city is known for Silliman University, the first Protestant and American university in the country and in Asia.

Bacong

Bacong is a municipality in the province of Negros Oriental, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 41,207 people lived there.

Bayawan

Bayawan is a city in the province of Negros Oriental, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 122,747 people lived there.

Calumpit

Calumpit is a municipality in the province of Bulacan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 118,471 people lived there.

Plaridel, Bulacan

Plaridel is a municipality in the province of Bulacan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 114,432 people lived there.

Joseph-Nicolas Barbeau du Barran

Joseph-Nicolas Barbeau du Barran (3 July 1761 – 16 May 1816,) was a French politician. He was deputy to the French National Convention and a member of the Chambre des représentants de France during the Hundred Days.

Moinești

Moinești is a city in Bacău County, Romania. As of 2021, 19,728 people live in Moinești.

Jean-Lambert Tallien

Jean-Lambert Tallien (23 January 1767 in Paris – 16 November 1820 in Paris) was a French politician of the revolutionary period. Though initially an active agent of the Reign of Terror, he eventually clashed with its leader, Maximilien Robespierre, and is best known as one of the key figures of the Thermidorian Reaction that led to the fall of Robespierre and the end of the Terror.

Mircești

Mircești is a commune in Iași County, Romania.

Comăna

Comăna (; ) is a commune in Brașov County, Romania.

V4650 Sagittarii

V4650 Sagittarii is a luminous blue variable (a type of hypergiant star) located in the Sagittarius constellation. It is close to the center of the Milky Way, the galaxy we live in. It is possibly the brightest star known, with a luminosity nearly 8 million times that of the Sun. Although it is very bright, it is also very far away and covered by a lot of dust, which blocks out its light. This means that we cannot see it with our naked eye. 

V4650 Sagittarii has an effective temperature of 12,000 Kelvins.

Verneuil-sur-Vienne

Verneuil-sur-Vienne is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Haute-Vienne department in west France.

Giovanni Battista Moroni

Giovanni Battista Moroni (c. 1520-1524 – 5 February 1578) was an Italian painter of the Mannerism. He is also called Giambattista Moroni. He became known for the elegance and realism of his portraits of the nobility and the clergy. He is considered one of the great portrait painters of the 16th-century.

Noise rock

Noise rock (sometimes called noise punk) is a music genre that uses elements of noise and experimental rock Artists in the genre usually use electric guitars to get alot of distortion in their music. Sometimes, they will also use electronic instruments to add percussion or to add to their overall songs.

Although noise rock has existed before the coinage of the term "noise rock", the term was first used to describe punk groups in the 1980s that used an increased usage of abrasiveness in their music. One of the first noise rock albums is considered to be White Light/White Heat by The Velvet Underground in 1968.

Burning Hell (Brainbombs album)

Burning Hell is the first album by Brainbombs, it was put on vinyl LP by Blackjack Records in 1992. In 1994, Blackjack Records released a CD edition. The album's first vinyl release had a song named "X!?+☐+..." which was removed from the CD release. The track was lost media until in 2015 when the full LP including the track was posted to YouTube.

The album is also the possible sources of names from later albums. "Pleasures And Dreams" includes a lyric "Genius and brutality, taste and power." which is the name of the next studio album by Brainbombs. Urge to Kill being the name of an album of the same name they released in 1998. And "Do What's Right" sourcing from "No Guilt" from the "Anne Frank" single.

Full LP with missing track

Netsky

Netsky is a Belgian disc jockey that plays with Drum and bass music. He is signed to Hospital Records.

Obey (Brainbombs album)

Obey is the third album by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs, it is also their most popular album. It was first released in 1996 through record labels Releasing Eskimo and Slow Dance, then it was released on vinyl in the United States in 1997. Armageddon Records has reissued the album many times, on both CD and vinyl. The the person on the album cover is American murderer Ed Gein. The first 35 seconds of "Kill Them All" are recorded from a Kawai MS710 keyboard demonstration track.

Obey was recorded during October of either 1994 or 1995. It was then produced by producer Birger Thorburn and released though Releasing Eskimo in 1996.

Urge to Kill (Brainbombs album)

Urge to Kill is a studio album by Brainbombs, released on CD by Load Records in 1999. In 2010, Armageddon Records issued the album for the first time on vinyl LP. The album's lyrics are mostly about rape and murder from the perspective of the attacker.

Brainbombs (1999 compilation)

Brainbombs (also known as Singles Collection) is a compilation by Brainbombs which compiles songs made by the band from 1989 to 1994.

Doljin Demberel

Doljin Demberel (born 19 May 1938) is a Mongolian archer. She competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Gombosure Enkhtaivan

Gombosure Enkhtaivan is a Mongolian archer. She competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Dorjsembeegiin Erdenchimeg

Dorjsembeegiin Erdenchimeg (born 14 January 1959) is a Mongolian archer. Erdenchimeg competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Jantsangiin Gantögs

Jantsangiin Gantögs (born 12 April 1972) is a Mongolian archer. Gantögs competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Jargalyn Otgon

Jargalyn Otgon (born 5 February 1957) is a Mongolian archer. Otgon competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Cheap (Brainbombs EP)

Cheap is an EP by Swedish rock band Brainbombs. It was released through Load Records through vinyl. Load also released a limited edition clear red vinyl of the EP aswell. The EP has a remix of "It's a Burning Hell" off the album "Burning Hell". The remix was made by German DJ, Alec Empire and recorded in 2000 but was not released until the LP was released. The remix had mixed reviews, the band has also said they were not happy with the remix.

Jack The Ripper Lover / No End (Brainbombs single)

Jack The Ripper Lover / No End is the debut single of Swedish rock band Brainbombs. It was self-released on vinyl and around 533 copies were made. The person on the album cover is English serial killer Peter Sutcliffe.

Universe (Savage Garden song)

"Universe" is a 1997 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the fifth single from their self-titled debut studio album. It went to number 25 in New Zealand and number 26 in Australia.


Khaplu Kingdom

The Khaplu Kingdom (Balti: ཁ་པུ་ལུ།; Wylie: kha pu lu), also known as the Yabgo Kingdom, was an independent kingdom ruled by the Yabgo dynasty. It was located in the Baltistan region on the Tibetan plateau, being the second-largest Balti Kingdom after the Makpon Kingdom. The Yabgo dynasty governed Khaplu for over 1000 years, from well before 1500 to 1972. They held control over the trade route to Ladakh along the Shyok River, east of where it meets the Indus. The Yabgo dynasty had strong political and family connections with the royal families of neighboring Ladakh and Makpon, thanks to intermarriages within the royal circles.

The rulers of the Yabgo dynasty are said to have come from Mongolian roots, tracing their family line back to Beg Manthal around 800 AD. Originally from Yarkand, which is now part of Xinjiang, China, Beg Manthal conquered and separated the Khaplu area from the Tibetan Empire, establishing his rule. Even under Dogra and Makpon rule, the Yabgo dynasty's influence persisted nominally. The name 'Yabgo' is a title originating from Chinese Turkestan. The Balti Kings held the Tibetan title 'Cho' (Balti: ཇོ་བོ; Jo-Bo), signifying 'Lord' or 'Master.'

Until the ninth century, Khaplu and the wider Baltistan region were part of the Tibetan Empire, practicing Tibetan Buddhism. As time passed, the influence of Buddhism declined, and many Baltis began to convert to Islam under the guidance of Sufi saints and preachers like Sayyid Ali Hamadani.

The Yabgo dynasty's rule in Khaplu began around 800 CE when Beg Manthal, the 10th descendant of Prince Tung (founder of the Gaz dynasty), arrived from Yarkhand (now part of modern China) and conquered Khaplu. The Yabgo surname, initially associated with the leader of the Gaz tribes in western Turkistan, became the family name of the Yabgo dynasty.

The Yabgo dynasty originally established its capital at Talis village, later moved to Khaplu. The Yabgo rulers of Khaplu, were patrons of art, poetry, and literature during their long reign in the region. They constructed numerous palaces, mosques, and forts, including the Khaplu Royal Palace, known locally as Yabgo Khar (ཡབ་གོ་མཁར།). This palace served as the seat of power and residence for the Kings of Khaplu for over a century.

Built in 1840 by King Daulat Ali Khan, the Khaplu Palace is a prime example of royal architecture in Baltistan. The site was selected by rolling a large stone down from a nearby cliff, marking the spot where it stopped. The palace is built traditional Balti/Tibetan styles with Central Asian and Mughal elements, replaced the old fort situated on the mountains.

The old fort, with only a few remnants remaining, witnessed battles throughout its history. In the 1590s, Murad Khan of the Maqpon Dynasty captured the fort during the Conquest of Khaplu by strategically cutting off its water and supplies. Despite resistance, the fort surrendered after a three-month siege. It fell to invaders again in the 1660s and 1674.

Even after being occupied by the Makpon and Dogra rulers, the Kings of Khaplu maintained nominal rule. In 1972, the state was abolished and joined Pakistan. The last King, Raja Fatah Ali Khan, saw the end of the Khaplu Kingdom. His royal descendants continue as heads of the family, residing in Khaplu.

Princess Ayum Khri Gyalmo (འ་ཡུམ་ཁྲི་རྒྱལ་མོ།), also known as ZiZi, of Khaplu married King Nima Namgyal of Ladakh. They agreed that Queen Zizi's son would be the next king of Ladakh. Following is the agreement mentioned in the Treaty of Wamle on pages 30 and 31, explaining the connection between Khaplu and Ladakh:

The Khaplu society are divided into different groups or social statuses. Following are some of them:

The rest of the people are civilians and subjects of the Kingdom of Khaplu.

Before Islam and Buddhism, Baltistan was influenced by the Zhangzhung. In 686, under Songtsen Gampo's control, Baltistan and Khaplu embraced Tibetan Buddhism, with the Bon and animist beliefs gradually fading. Gompas (religious structures) and stupas were built, and lamas played a significant role in Balti life.

Islam, introduced by Sufi missionaries like Sayyid Ali Hamadani, gained ground. Noorbakhshism was introduced in Baltistan, converting Buddhists in Khaplu and Shigar valleys. By the 17th century, most Baltis converted to Islam, with some embracing Shia and Sunni branches. Khaplu, however, remained a stronghold of Noorbakshia. Nowadays 80% of Khaplu follows Noorbakhshism and the rest 20% follow Shia and Sunni Islam.

Religious gatherings in Sufi Khanqahs also known as Gonmas (spiritual centers) are crucial for Baltis, promoting spiritual purity through training. Mosques in Khaplu, reflecting traditional Balti/Tibetan architecture, resemble Tibetan monasteries. In 1906, Miss Duncan in her book "Summer Ride" wrote that the great Tamasha trumpets, like those of the Lamaist mystery plays, were used at Khaplu.

The Khaplu Kingdom was ruled by the Yabgo Dynasty or the House of Yabgo. Following is the list of rulers of Yabgo dynasty, given by Alexander Cunningham:

Chained to You

"Chained to You" is a 2000 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the fifth single from their second studio album "Affirmation". It went to number 16 on the Australian charts and no music video was made.

Australia

Europe

You Were Meant for Me (Jewel song)

"You Were Meant for Me" is a 1996 song by Jewel and is the second single from her debut studio album "Pieces of You". It went to number 2 in the United States and Canada, number 32 in the United Kingdom, number 22 in New Zealand, number 69 in the Netherlands, number 30 in Scotland, number 37 in Iceland and number 3 in Australia. It was covered by Irish girl group Bellefire.


Hold Me (Savage Garden song)

"Hold Me" is a 2000 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the sixth single from their second studio album "Affirmation". It went to number 16 in the United Kingdom, number 17 in Scotland, number 13 in New Zealand, number 31 in Ireland, number 54 in Australia and number 21 in Poland.

CD1

CD2

Cassette

Single CD

Maxi-CD



Beta Pictoris

Beta Pictoris is a star in the constellation of Pictor. The star has two planets around it named Beta Pictoris b and Beta Pictoris c.

Beta Pictoris is visible to the eye at night but can only be seen in the southern hemisphere. The star is 63.4 light years away from Earth. Beta Pictoris also has a "dust cloud" around it.

Affirmation (Savage Garden song)

"Affirmation" is a 2000 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the title track to their second studio album "Affirmation". It went to number 8 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 26 in Sweden, number 23 in Ireland, number 29 in New Zealand, number 36 in Canada, number 16 in Australia and number 2 in Singapore.

All live tracks were recorded at the Brisbane Entertainment Centre in May 2000.






Area code 773

Area code 773 serves Chicago, Illinois, outside the Chicago Loop and the innermost neighborhoods.

At first, all of Chicago and its suburbs used area code 312. In 1989, area code 708 was created for the suburbs, leaving the city in area code 312.

By the mid-1990s, Chicago's continued growth and the spread of cell phones and pagers made it obvious that the city needed a new area code. It was decided to split off all of the city outside the downtown area as 773. The new area code went into effect on October 12, 1996. Tolerant dialing of 312 continued across Chicago until January 11, 1997. On August 10, 2007, the Illinois Commerce Commission announced that area code 872 would overlay area codes 312 and 773; it went into service on November 7, 2009.

Sports for the disabled

Sports for the disabled, also called parasports are sports played by people with a disability, including physical and intellectual disabilities. Some are adapted from existing able-bodied sports. Some have been made for persons with a disability and do not have an able-bodied equivalent. There are four categories: physical, mental, permanent and temporary. In competitions disability sport classifications enable fair competition between people with different types of disabilities.

Much like with other sports, there are sports for everyday people, and sports for people who do this professionally.

These sports started in the nineteenth century. The "Cripples Olympiad" was held in the U.S.A. in 1911. The first deaf sport games - the 'Paris Silent Games' - was in 1924. This led to the modern Deaflympics. After the end of World War II there were many soldiers and civilians disabled. Sport was used as method of treatment and rehabilitation. Ludwig Guttmann, a leading German neurologist set up the first Stoke Mandeville Games on July 28th 1948, the same day as the Opening Ceremony of the 1948 Olympic Games in London. This was for wheelchair athletes. The first Paralympic Games were in Rome in 1960. Games people with intellectual disabilities started in the 1960s. The first Special Olympics were held in Chicago in 1968. In 1986, the International Sports Federation for Persons with Intellectual Disability (INAS-FID) was formed to support competition for athletes with intellectual disabilities. The International Paralympic Committee was set up in 1989 in Düsseldorf. At the London 2012 Paralympic Games there were 23 parasports.

There are many different sorts of disabilities. The International Sports Organization for the Disabled (ISOD) was created in 1964. At first the classifications were medical, so people who had polio were put together. They were very different in how they were affected. Functional classification systems were developed, as they were better at putting people with similar abilities together. They have been used since the 1980s.

There are six big specific disability sport organizations governing classification:


As members of the International Paralympic Committee, they have to comply with classification code spelled out by the IPC on how to establish and maintain a classification system.

The International Sports Federations are in charge of classification for some disability types in athletics, alpine skiing, wheelchair rugby and lawn bowls.

Bruno Guimarães

Bruno Guimarães Rodriguez Moura (born 16 November 1997) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for club Newcastle United and the Brazil national team.
He has been married to Ana Lídia Martins Guimarães since 2022.


2008–09 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2008-09 Red Bull Salzburg season brought the 5th title for Salzburg and the 2nd since the Red Bull takeover. 

Joelinton

Joelinton Cássio Apolinário de Lira (born 14 August 1996) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder or winger for Premier League club Newcastle United and the Brazil national team. 

Starting his career with Sport Recife, Joelinton joined Hoffenheim in 2015, and was loaned to Rapid Wien for two years from 2016, before joining Newcastle United in 2019, where he was converted from a striker to a midfielder under the management of Eddie Howe. He has also been capped for the Brazil under-17 national team, and made his debut for the senior team in 2023.

House of Poitiers

The House of Poitiers, or the Ramnulfids, were a French dynasty that ruled the County of Poitou and Duchy of Aquitaine from the 9th through to the 12th centuries. Some notable members of this house include: Eleanor of Aquitaine and Adelaide of Aquitaine. Later the house of Poitiers ruled the Principality of Antioch and Kingdom of Cyprus.

Igny, Essonne

Igny is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Itteville

Itteville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Wallingford Castle

Wallingford Castle was a medieval castle in Wallingford, Oxfordshire. It was built in the 11th century as a motte-and-bailey design. Empress Matilda used it during the Anarchy and was where the Treaty of Wallingford was agreed. It later became a royal residence but was abandoned in the reign of Henry VIII and fell into ruin.

Janville-sur-Juine

Janville-sur-Juine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Janvry, Essonne

Janvry is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Lardy, Essonne

Lardy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Anglo-Russian Convention

The Anglo-Russian Convention/Entente of 1907 was an agreement between the United Kingdom and Russian Empire about Persia (modern-day Iran), Afghanistan, and Tibet. It was signed on August 31, 1907, in Saint Petersburg, Russia. The purpose was to resolve their rivalry in Central Asia and counter the German Empire threat of connecting Berlin to Baghdad through a new railroad.

The convention settled the dispute over Persia. Russia recognized southern Persia as part of the British sphere of influence, and Britain agreed to stay out of northern Persia. Russia also promised not to interfere in Tibet and Afghanistan, and Britain extended loans and political support in return.

The agreement clarified the boundaries and control of each country in Persia, Afghanistan, and Tibet. It established spheres of influence, respecting Britain's influence over Afghanistan and ensuring non-interference in Tibet's internal affairs. The convention played a role in the formation of the Triple Entente, a coalition between the UK, France, and Russia.

Leudeville

Leudeville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Leuville-sur-Orge

Leuville-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Limours

Limours is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Lisses

Lisses is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Longjumeau

Longjumeau is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Juvisy-sur-Orge

Juvisy-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. It is 18 km southeast of Paris.

Longpont-sur-Orge

Longpont-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Maisse

Maisse is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Marcoussis

Marcoussis is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Marolles-en-Beauce

Marolles-en-Beauce is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Marolles-en-Hurepoix

Marolles-en-Hurepoix is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Mauchamps

Mauchamps is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Mennecy

Mennecy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Le Mérévillois

Le Mérévillois is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. It was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Estouches and Méréville (the seat).

Estouches

Estouches is a former commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Le Mérévillois.

Méréville, Essonne

Méréville is a former commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Le Mérévillois.

Courcouronnes

Courcouronnes is a former commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Évry-Courcouronnes. In 2018, 13,490 people lived there.

The commune is in the southern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

The aerospace company Arianespace is headquartered in Courcouronnes.

Dame Sue Carr

Dame Sue Carr is the first female Chief Justice of England and Wales. She is the 98th person in that role since the post was created in the 13th century.

Lipa, Batangas

Lipa is a city in the province of Batangas, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 372,931 people lived there.

Cella Monte

Cella Monte is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Cereseto

Cereseto is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Cerreto Grue

Cerreto Grue is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Cerrina Monferrato

Cerrina Monferrato is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Genius and Brutality - Taste and Power

Genius and Brutality... Taste and Power (also known as Genius and Brutality - Taste and Power) is the second album by Brainbombs. The album's name comes from "Pleasure and Dreams" from "Burning Hell". The album was released as a vinyl and CD by Blackjack Records in 1994. In 2011, Skrammel Records reissued an LP version of the album limited to 500 copies.

The album was recorded in "in the rehearsal room in the run-down suburb of Gottsunda."

The album was mixed by drummer Anders Bryngelsson, but the band weren't happy with it, calling it "inconsistent" and even calling it "crap." 

Coniolo

Coniolo is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Conzano

Conzano is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Costa Vescovato

Costa Vescovato is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Ada Dietz

Ada K. Dietz (October 7, 1888 – January 12, 1981) was an American weaver. Today she is mostly known for her 1949 monograph "Algebraic Expressions in Handwoven Textiles. In it, she" defines a method for inventing weaving patterns based on algebraic ones. Her method uses the expansion of multivariate polynomials to make a weaving scheme. Dietz' work is still well-regarded today, by both weavers and mathematicians. Along with the references listed below, Griswold (2001) cites several additional articles on her work.

Ada Dietz developed her algebraic method in 1946 while she was in Long Beach, California. As she liked weavng, Dietz used her experience as a former math teacher to make a threading pattern based on a cubic binomial expansion. She describes her idea as follows:

A piece based on the formula ("a" + "b" + "c" + "d" + "e" + "f"), submitted to the Little Loomhouse Country Fair in Louisville, Kentucky received a positive response. This prompted a collaboration between Dietz and Little Loomhouse's founder, Lou Tate. The fruits of the collaboration included the booklet "Algebraic Expressions in Handwoven Textiles" and a traveling exhibit which continued throughout the 1950s.
Diez was a high school teacher. She taught biology and mathematics. She then met Ruth E. Foster, a professional weaver with the Hewson Studios in Los Angeles. Fosters work nspired Dietz to begin studying weaving at Wayne University in Detroit. One of her teachers was Nellie Sargent Johnson. Her experiments in writing weaving drafts began in Johnson's classes.It was later when Dietz and Foster were driving north to study at the Banff School of Fine Arts in Canada that she began using mathematical equations. She wanted "a reason for writing a draft in a definite way", and went to the mathematical equations she had worked with for so long.


Cremolino

Cremolino is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

IWAS World Games

The International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports (IWAS) World Games (or IWAS World Games) are a multi-sport competition for athletes with a disability. They led to setting up the Paralympic Games. The competition has been formerly known as the World Wheelchair and Amputee Games, the World Wheelchair Games, the International Stoke Mandeville Games, the Stoke Mandeville Games, and in the 1960s and 1970s was often called the Wheelchair Olympics.

The first Games were in 1948. The neurologist Sir Ludwig Guttmann organized a sporting competition for World War II veterans with spinal cord injuries at the Stoke Mandeville Hospital in Aylesbury on July 28th 1948, the same day as the Opening Ceremony of the 1948 Olympic Games in London. In 1952, the Netherlands joined in the event. This was the first international sports competition for disabled people.

The Paralympic Games,which started in 1960 now include athletes from all disability groups. The IWAS games are multi-sport events just for wheelchair athletes.

Anal Babes/Brainbombs

Anal Babes/Brainbombs is a split single from Swedish band Brainbombs and Norwegian band Anal Babes. The singles has 1 original song and 1 cover from both bands. Anal Babes covers "No Limit" by Belgian eurodance group 2 Unlimited and Brainbombs covers "That's the Way (I Like It)" by American disco group KC and the Sunshine Band. According to Jonas, the recording is an outtake from their first album. Something to know is that the version of Obey on the 7" is a earlier version and much shorter than the one found on "Obey".

San Carlos, Pangasinan

San Carlos is a city in the province of Pangasinan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 205,424 people lived there. It is the largest city in Pangasinan and the Ilocos Region by population.

The city is called the "Mango-Bamboo Capital of the Philippines".

Stoke Mandeville Hospital

Stoke Mandeville Hospital is a large National Health Service hospital in Buckinghamshire, England. It is managed by Buckinghamshire Healthcare NHS Trust. It was set up in 1830 as a cholera hospital.

It has the National Spinal Injuries Centre. This is one of the largest specialist spinal units in the world. The pioneering rehabilitation work carried out there by Sir Ludwig Guttmann led to the development of the Paralympic Games. Mandeville, one of the official mascots for the 2012 Summer Olympics and Paralympics in London, was named in honour of the hospital's contribution to Paralympic sports.

Brooke Brinson

Brooke Ashley Wiederhorn (née Brinson; born February 21, 1986) is an American television personality. She is best known as the only daughter of Monty Brinson and Kim Richards, and for appearing on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills".

Brooke Ashley Brinson was born in El Centro, California on February 21, 1986. She is the only child of Monty Brinson, a supermarket-franchise heir, and Kim Richards, an actress. She has three maternal half-siblings; Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson. Brinson also has two paternal half-siblings.

Brinson's cousins through her aunt Kyle Richards are; Farrah Brittany, Alexia Umansky, Sophia Umansky, and Portia Umansky. She is also related to the Hilton family, through her aunt Kathy Hilton's marriage to uncle Richard Hilton; her cousins are Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton, Barron Hilton II, and Conrad Hilton III. Her maternal grandparents were Ken Richards, a former lieutenant colonel, and Kathleen Richards, a casting director.

Brinson made her television debut in October 2010, on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills". She made her final appearance in 2014.

Brinson got engaged to her longtime boyfriend Thayer Wiederhorn, the son of businessman Andrew Wiederhorn, on December 25, 2013. The couple married on August 2, 2014. The couple had a second wedding to celebrate their nuptials in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico on May 23, 2015. They have three children together; sons Hucksley Andrew (born September 2016) and Hunter Montgomery (born April 2019), and daughter Sawyer Brinson (born December 2022).

On February 19, 2022, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that Brinson's home had been raided by federal agents in the months prior as part of a criminal probe of her father-in-law.

Macht (Brainbombs single)

Macht (also known as Macht (Gun Court Singles Series) or Macht / B.L.E.E.D) is an EP by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs. It is apart of the 7" series "Gun Court Singles Series" by Wabana Ore Limited. On the EP, both songs are mono but on the Singles Collection they are stereo.

Syagrius

Syagrius (430 – 486 or 487 or 493–4) was a Roman general and the last ruler of the Kingdom of Soissons.

San Francisco District Attorney's Office

The district attorney of San Francisco is the city attorney of the local government of San Francisco, California. The district attorney carries out official duties with prosecuting crimes through the legal agency of the San Francisco District Attorney's Office.

Brooke Jenkins is the current district attorney of San Francisco, in office since July 2022.

Secondary growth

Secondary growth is a term in botany. It usually occurs in dicots and gymnosperms. It makes the stems and roots thicker. It is one of the features of trees whereby they come to have long lives.

Monocots and Pteridophytes usually lack secondary thickening, with the exception of "Isoetes". That is a quillwort, a genus of lycopods.

Ludwig Guttmann

Sir Ludwig Guttmann CBE FRS (3 July 1899 – 18 March 1980) was a German neurologist who started the Stoke Mandeville Games. That was a sporting event for people with disabilities. It developed into the Paralympic Games. He was a Jewish doctor who fled Nazi Germany just before the start of the Second World War., Guttmann was one of the first people who organized physical activities for people with disabilities.

1933, Guttmann was working in Breslau (now Wrocław, Poland) as a neurosurgeon and lecturing at the University of Breslau. in 1933 under the Nuremberg Laws he was stopped. He was sent to work at the Breslau Jewish Hospital, where he became medical director in 1937. In early 1939, Guttmann and his family left Germany because of the Nazi persecution of the Jews. He was sent to Portugal to treat a friend of the Portuguese dictator António de Oliveira Salazar. The Council for Assisting Refugee Academics helped him to move to Oxford in March 1939. He did research at the Nuffield Department of Neurosurgery in the Radcliffe Infirmary. 

In September 1943, the British government asked Guttmann to establish the National Spinal Injuries Centre at Stoke Mandeville Hospital. The Royal Air Force was worried about the treatment and rehabilitation of pilots with spine injuries. It was the first specialist unit for treating spinal injuries in the United Kingdom. Guttman was the director until 1966. He organised the first Stoke Mandeville Games for disabled war veterans, which was held at the hospital on 29 July 1948, the same day as the opening of the London Olympics. They all had spinal cord injuries and competed in wheelchairs.

In 1961, he setup the International Medical Society of Paraplegia, now the International Spinal Cord Society.

List of attorneys general of California

The California attorney general is the head of the California Department of Justice. The attorney general is also the chief law enforcement officer of the state government of the U.S. state of California.

Kiki Fatmala

Kiki Fatmala (14 August 1967 - 1 December 2023) was an Indonesian actress.
Kiki Fatmala began her career on big screen in 1988. She became popular after playing the role of Mariam in the Indosiar's soap opera titled "Mariam Si Manis Jembatan Ancol 2" in 1995.

In 2021, Kiki Fatmala recieved a diagnosis of stage 4 lung cancer, and she passed away on 1 December, 2023 due to complications related to the illness. Her final resting place was at the San Diego Hills cemetery in , West Java. She was laid to rest on 2 December, 2023.


Kidapawan

Kidapawan is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Cotabato. According to the 2020 census, 160,791 people lived there. It is at the foot of Mount Apo and has many schools.

Virac, Catanduanes

Virac is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Catanduanes. According to the 2020 census, 76,520 people lived there.

Virac, Tarn

Virac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Virac

Virac can mean:

Isabela (province)

Isabela is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Cagayan Valley region. The capital is Ilagan.

Kia Center

Kia Center is an multi-use arena located in Orlando, Florida that serves as the home for the Orlando Magic of the National Basketball Association (NBA), the Orlando Solar Bears of the ECHL, and the Orlando Predators of the National Arena League (NAL). 

They first started to build the stadium on July 25, 2008. The arena opened on October 1, 2010 and the first event was a concert by Vicente Fernández. The Magic had their first preseason game in the arena on October 10, 2010. In the game, they defeated the New Orleans Hornets 135–81.

Amway own the naming rights for the arena. Amway also used to own naming rights for the Magic's former arena, the Amway Arena. When the new Amway Center was being built, Amway had right of first refusal fr the new arena from their last arena's contract. On August 3, 2009, Amway signed a $40-million contract to have their name on the arena. On December 20, 2023, Kia America purchased the naming rights for the arena and the arena would be renamed to the Kia Center.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including the Royal Rumble in 2016, , and 2020's SummerSlam, Payback, Clash of Champions, Hell in a Cell, and Survivor Series pay-per-views. During the COVID-19 pandemic, WWE used Amway Center as a bio-secure bubble and they called it the WWE ThunderDome. They would host episodes of "Raw", "SmackDown" and pay-per-views in the Thunderdome.

Bookmobile

A bookmobile is a mobile library. Today, it usually is a bus, that is designed like a library. Usually, these mobiles have a fixed schedule. They serve the same stops, all the time. Often, these bookmobiles stop at schools: The idea is to incite children to read books, to improve their reading skills. Usually, they also allow to pre-order certain books. The first such libraries date from the 19th century.

In 1833, the Brothers Harper started with several identical collections, that toured around the united states. The brothers also published Harper’s Weekly. Their library was called "American School Library". They started in 1839. Probably the last complete set of these books is at the National Museum of American History. 

In 1857, the monthly journal "The British Workman reported on" a library that regularly served 8 villages in Cumbria. George Moore, a merchant and philanthropist ran this library, to "serve good literature to the people in the countryside."

In 1905, there was such a library with a horse-drawn carriage in Maryland.

Quilpué

Quilpué is a city in the Valparaíso Region, Chile. It is the capital of the Marga Marga Province. It is part of the Greater Valparaíso metropolitan area. According to the 2017 census, 151,708 people lived there.

The city was founded in 1898.


Rahotep

Rahotep (also spelled Re hotep) was an ancient Egyptian prince of the 4th dynasty. he was the high priest of Re in the city of Heliopolis. He is famous for his statue which was discovered by the Auguste Mariette in 1871 and is today in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. Rahotep, according to some Egyptologists, was the son of King Sneferu, others believe he was son of Huni. 
Rahotep's titles were written on a stunning statue found in Meidum in 1871. The statue, along with one of his wife Nofret, was discovered by Auguste Mariette. Rahotep held the titles of High Priest of Ra at Heliopolis, Director of Expeditions, Supervisor of Works, and “the son of the king, begotten of his body”.

His older brother was Nefermaat I, and his younger brother was Ranefer. Rahotep passed away at a young age, so his half-brother Khufu became become pharaoh after Sneferu’s death.

Rahotep’s wife was Nofret, and her parents are unknown. They had three sons – Djedi, Itu, and Neferkau – and three daughters – Mereret, Nedjemib, and Sethtet. All of them are depicted in Rahotep’s tomb.

Nofret (Princess)

Nofret (also known as Nefert or Neferet) was a noblewoman and a princess who lived in Ancient Egypt during the 4th dynasty of Egypt c. 2613 to 2494 BC. Nofert name means "beautiful". She holds the title of "King's Acquaintance" in her statue. 
Nofret's parents are not known. Nofret married Prince Rahotep, a son of Pharaoh Sneferu. She had six children with Rahotep: three daughters - Mereret, Nedjemib, and Sethtet - and three sons, Djedi, Itu, and Neferkau. They all had the same title of "King's Acquaintance".

Nofret was buried with her husband in mastaba 6 at Meidum. beautiful statues of Rahotep and Nofret were found in 1871. Nofret is depicted with a black wig and very fair face. Her titles in hieroglyphs on the back of her chair name her as "King's Acquaintance". The statues are now in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. The mastaba of the couple had two burial chambers and two cult chapels. The Southern cult chapel belonged to Rahotep, the northern one to Nofret. Here she is depicted with Rahotep in front of an offering table. The text has a second title for her: "" (translation still not known today).

In 1958 1989, and 2000, pictures of Nofret were put on Egyptian stamps. These stamps cost 20 PT. and have the number 1669. In 1966, a stamp from Fujairah also had a picture of Nofret, showing a pair statue. The watermark on the LE 20 banknote has the head of a sculpted image of Nofret.

Djedi

Djedi was an Egyptian prince who lived during the 4th dynasty of Egypt. He was a son of Prince Rahotep and Nofret and had two brothers and three sisters. He is depicted in the tomb chapels of his parents and has the title of "King's Acquaintance".

In an ancient Egyptian tale, "Khufu and the Magicians", mention a magician called Djedi or Dedi, and it is possible that this person called Dedi was inspired by the real prince Djedi, Khufu's nephew.

Anton Ondruš

Anton Ondruš (born 27 March 1950 in Solčany, Czechoslovakia) is a former Slovak football player. At home, Anton Ondruš was characterized as an excellent athlete with good athletic data, who knew how to competently organize an attack or counterattack in the game, use various combinations during the game and score penalties. For these traits he received the nickname "Slovak Beckenbauer". He is considered one of the best central defenders in Europe in the 1970s of the twentieth century. He won the UEFA Euro 1976. Regarded as one of the best football players in the history of Slovan.

A graduate of Slovan Bratislava, Anton Ondruš started as a striker, but played without much success. It was believed that due to slowness and indecisiveness, he would not be able to play in the team, but then coach Josef Vengloš transferred him to the center of defense, where Ondruš quickly became an indispensable player. As part of Slovan, he twice became the champion of Czechoslovakia, and in the 1973/74 season the team won the "golden double". For a long time, Ondruš was the captain of the Bratislava club. Part of the 1977/78 season, Anton Ondruš played in Dukla Banská Bystrica, then returned to Slovan. He played 226 matches in the Czechoslovak league, scoring 38 goals.

Since 1981, Ondruš has played in foreign clubs: Belgian Club Brugge, French Tonon, Swiss Biel. He finished his football career in 1989.

Anton Ondruš made his debut for Czechoslovakia on March 27, 1974 in a friendly match against the GDR national team in Dresden, and on September 25, during a meeting with the same opponent, Ondruš scored his first goal for the national team.

Anton Ondruš was the captain of the Czechoslovak national team at the victorious 1976 European Championship, in the semi-final match against the Netherlands he opened the scoring, then scored into his own net, but the Czechoslovaks managed to win in extra time with a score of 3:1. The final match between Czechoslovakia and Germany ended with a penalty shootout.

Ondruš, like other Czechoslovak players, converted his attempt, thus becoming one of the 9 players who took part in the first post-match penalty shootout at a major international tournament.

At the 1980 European Championship, Ondruš also played all the matches without substitutions, and the match for 3rd place against Italy on June 21 was his last in the Czechoslovak national team.

In total, Anton Ondruš played 58 matches for the national team, 30 of which as a captain, scored 9 goals.




International Paralympic Committee

The International Paralympic Committee is an international non-profit organisation. It organizes the Paralympic Games. It is the international federation for nine sports. Founded on 22 September 1989 in Düsseldorf, West Germany, its mission is to "enable Paralympic athletes to achieve sporting excellence and inspire and excite the world". It tries to create sport opportunities for all persons with a disability, from beginner to elite level.

The IPC has a democratic constitution and structure and is composed of representatives from 183 National Paralympic Committees, four international organizations of sport for the disabled and five regional organizations. The IPC's headquarters is in Bonn.

Ján Pivarník

JUDr. Ján Pivarník (born 13 November 1947) is a former Slovak football player and later a football manager. He played for Czechoslovakia, for which he played 39 matches. He won the 1976 UEFA European Championship against Franz Beckenbauer`s West Germany. He was member of the ALL STAR TEAM of 1976 UEFA European Championship and he was named as the best right defender in Europe. At his time, he was the quickest football player in the World, making 100m in 10.9 sec. He was known for his speed, tackling, man-marking, and having ability to break opponents, In his prime, he was widely considered as one of the best right-backs in Europe.

Jan Pivarnik was born in the village of Tsejkov. He started playing football only at the age of 16, and started playing football in the lower league team "Slavoj" from Trebišov in 1965. In 1966, Pivarnik moved to the club VSS from Košice, as the club promised to assist the footballer in obtaining a higher legal education at the local university. He played for the Košice club for 6 years, became the main player in the team's defense and its leader. In 1972, Jan Pivarnik became a player of Slovan Bratislava, where he continued to be one of the main players of the team. Together with the Bratislava team, Pivarnik became the champion of Czechoslovakia twice in a row in the 1973-1974 and 1974-1975 seasons, and in 1974 he also won the Czechoslovak Cup. In 1974, he also became the best player in Czechoslovakia.

In 1977, after a successful year in the national team, Jan Pivarnik received a serious injury, due to which he did not play for a long time. In 1978, he moved to Dukla Banská Bystrica, but never played a single match there. From 1979 to 1981, the already experienced defender was a playing coach at Austrian clubs Kittsee and Neusiedl am See. In 1981, Pivarník became a player of the Spanish club Cadiz, but played only 3 matches in it and finished his performances on the football fields.

In 1968, Jan Pivarnik made his debut for the Czechoslovak national team in a game with the Brazilian national team, was in its squad at the 1970 FIFA World Cup, but did not enter the field. In 1976, he was included in the national team for the 1976 UEFA European Championship. At the tournament, Pivarnik was one of the players in the first team of the Czechoslovak national team, and his reliable play helped his team win the semifinal match against the Netherlands. In the final match with the German national team, the Czechoslovak national team won in a penalty shootout and won the championship title. At this tournament, Pivarník also entered the symbolic team of the championship. Due to numerous injuries, he finished playing for the national team in 1977, playing 39 matches and scoring 1 goal.

After completing his performances on the football fields, Yaroslav Pollack began his coaching career. From 1982 to 1983 he was assistant coach of Austria Vienna and from 1983 to 1984 he was assistant coach of Sporting Lisbon. In 1985, after his first visit to the Middle East, he took charge of the club for the first time, the Al-Fahaheel team from Kuwait, with whom he won the Emir of Kuwait Cup in 1986. In 1990 he returned to Czechoslovakia, where he worked for two years as a manager in the DAK 1904 team from Dunajská Streda. From 1992 to 1993, he headed the Israeli club Hapoel Petah Tikva. In 1993-1994, Pivarnik headed the Saudi club Al-Qadisiyah (Al-Khobar), with which he won the Saudi Football Federation Cup and the Asian Cup Winners' Cup. In 1995-1996, the former footballer managed the youth national team of Oman. In 1997-1998, Jan Pivarnik headed the Kuwaiti club Al-Salmiya, with which he became the champion of Kuwait, and in 1998-1999 the other Kuwaiti club Al-Arabi, with which he won the Emir of Kuwait Cup, the Al-Kurafi Cup and the Crown Prince Cup of Kuwait. From 1999 to 2000, the former Czechoslovak footballer was in charge of the Emirati club Al Jazeera. In 2000, he returned to Kuwait, where he won the Al-Kurafi Cup in the 2000–2001 season with Al-Arabi, and in 2002–2003 with Al-Kuwait won the Crown Prince Cup of Kuwait. In 2003-2004, Jan Pivarnik again headed the Saudi club Al-Qadisiyah, and in 2008 - the Kuwaiti club Al-Fahaheel, which became the last club in his coaching career, after which Pivarnik returned to Slovakia.

Slovan Bratislava
Czechoslovakia

Individual

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian season 9)

The ninth season of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here was commissioned by Network 10 in October 2022. The series premiered on 2 April 2023 and is hosted by Julia Morris and Chris Brown. It is the first series since 2020 to return to a live broadcast in Africa; the previous two series were pre-recorded in Australia, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. This series was Brown's last as host as he announced he would be joining the Seven Network from July 2023.

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian season 6)

The sixth season of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here was commissioned by Network Ten on 7 February 2019. It premiered on 5 January 2020. It was hosted by Julia Morris and Chris Brown.

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian season 5)

The fifth season of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here was commissioned by Network 10 on 10 September 2018. It launched on 13 January 2019 and was hosted by Julia Morris and Chris Brown. The series ended after 33 days on 13 February 2019 and a pre-recorded finale, won by Richard Reid, was aired on 17 February 2019.

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian season 2)

The second season of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here", which was commissioned on 16 July 2015, premiered on Network Ten on 31 January 2016. The season was won by Brendan Fevola who received $100,000 for his charity, and gave half ($50,000) to Paul Harragon's charity.

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian season 1)

The first season of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here" premiered on Network Ten on 1 February 2015. The season was hosted by Julia Morris and Chris Brown. Andrew 'Freddie' Flintoff won the season, getting crowned "King of the Jungle" on 15 March 2015.

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian season 10)

The tenth season of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here will air on Network 10 in January 2024. The series will be hosted by Julia Morris and Robert Irwin (replacing Dr Chris Brown). The wildlife warrior said it will be a “wild ride” when he's in South Africa for the show's milestone 10th season. 

Behavioral modernity

Behavioral modernity is a term used by scientists who study people and where they come from. It means the behaviors and ways of thinking that make us, humans, different from other similar creatures like Neanderthals and primates.

Scientists believe that modern human behavior includes things like thinking about abstract ideas, planning for the future, using symbols (like art and decorations), making music and dancing, hunting big animals, and using advanced tools like blades. These behaviors come from our thinking and culture.

All true, but some of these things were done by earlier versions of mankind, including (for example) hunting large animals. "Homo sapiens" is only distinct in the extent to which they did all these things.

It's a Burning Hell / No Place

It's A Burning Hell / No Place is a single released by Swedish band Brainbombs. The single was released in Norway by Big Ball Records in 1992 before Burning Hell and features a different mix of It's a Burning Hell. (dubbed the "Norwegian version")

Pseudophilautus kani

The Kani bush frog or Kani brown-eared shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus kani") is a frog. It lives in India, in the Western Ghat mountains and Tamil mountains.

Olipop

Olipop, Inc. is an American soft drink company. It is sold in over 25,000 stores in the United States and had a revenue of $100 million for the first half of 2023. It was branded as a healthier alternative to regular soft drinks.
Olipop was founded in 2018 by Ben Goodwin and David Lester. The drink was first released in three flavours: ginger lemon, strawberry vanilla and cinnamon cola. It sold in 40 grocery stores in its first year, in Northern California, and reached $852,000 in gross revenue. They later became on sale in Target and Walmart stores. The company gathered $2.5 million in seed funding in 2019.

A series B funding round in 2022 raised $39.7 million. Olipop reached $73.4 million in gross revenue in 2022, $100 million in the first half of 2023.

Captain Britain

Captain Britain (real name Dr. Brian Braddock) is a fictional character, superhero and the defender of Britain in the Marvel Comics universe, and is in many ways the British equivalent of Captain America. However the two characters are very different in origins and ultimate place in the world - with Captain Britain being only one of many such defenders of Britain chosen via a mystical intervention of sorts by Merlyn and his daughter Roma.

Captain Britain is devoted to upholding the laws and customs of Britain and defends it against all threats, at first he fought villains of an earthly nature but as the series progressed he would start to fight much more powerful otherworldly threats such as Jim Jaspers. He is also the brother to Elizabeth "Betsy" Braddock, also known as "Psylocke", who is currently holding the name of Captain Britain while Brian is currently "Captain Avalon".

He was created by Chris Claremont and Herb Trimpe, and first appeared in "Captain Britain # 1" in October of 1976.

Death march

A death march is a forced march of prisoners of war or other captives or deportees in which people are left to die along the way. It is distinguished from simple prisoner transport via foot march.

Pseudophilautus schneideri

Pseudophilautus schneideri is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it in only a few places: Kudawa, Pituwela, and Kanneliya. People have seen it between 1100 and 1400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 19.9 – 22.8 mm mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 20.7 mm long. The skin on the top of the frog's head is light brown and the skin on the sides of the frog's head is darker brown. The skin near the eardrum and between the eyes is black in color. The skin of the frog's back is dark brown in color with black spots and dark brown spots. The sides of the body are light brown with dark brown spots. The area near where the legs meet the body is yellow-brown with dark brown spots. The sides of the legs are light brown with dark brown spots. All toes are light yellow-brown with some dark brown. The belly, chest, and front of the neck are pale brown in color.

Scientists named this frog after amphibian scientist Christopher J. Schneider, of Boston University.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Anne Frank (Brainbombs single)

Anne Frank is a single released by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs in 1990 by Big Brothel Records. With the songs, the record also features a blank B-side. Anne Frank's lyrical content is very dark. As it talks about killing, raping and mutilating her. The song is also sung by Jonas rather than Peter, because "he [Peter] was so badly hung over he couldn't make it."

Carol Danvers

Captain Marvel (real name Carol Susan Jane Danvers, and Kree name Car-Ell), previously known as Ms. Marvel, is a fictional character and super heroine from the Marvel Comics and universe, appearing as the main protagonist of the titular comics, and a major character in "The Avengers" and "A-Force" comics.

She is a human and Kree hybrid who became a pilot for the United States Air Force, and became a superheroine after unlocking her powers from the Psyche-Magnitron. During her heroic career, she has donned the nicknames Binary and Warbird, as well as Captain Marvel; and she later became a member of the Avengers and prominent ally of the X-Men.

She was created by Roy Thomas and Gene Colan, and first appeared in "Marvel Super-Heroes #13" in March of 1968.

The character is played by actress Brie Larson in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movies "Captain Marvel", "" (both 2019), "Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings" (2021), and "The Marvels" (2023). Mckenna Grace portrayed a young Carol in "Captain Marvel". Alexandra Daniels voices alternate reality versions of the character in the Disney+ animated series "What If...?" (2021).

Live Action at ROCK ALL, Oslo

Live Action at ROCK ALL, Oslo is a live EP by Brainbombs. It was released in 1994 by Big Ball Records in Norway, then re-released on the "Singles Compilation" in 1999. The performance has Jonas, the guitarist, on vocals rather than their usual vocalist, Peter. The band also had to get recording engineer, Birger Thorburn to play as a backup guitarist as Jonas could not sing and play at the same time. The band plays each song faster in tempo than their studio versions, except for Stacy, which is an unreleased song. According to Jonas, there were around 54 people in attendance. Jonas has also said this is not the full concert, as "David" for Big Ball Records said some songs were "too muffled."

From the two concerts, songs "Urge to Kill", "Danny Was a Streetwhore", "Stacy" (different version) and "Tired and Bloody" were later released on the 2007 compilation, Brainbombs.







Barron Hilton II

Barron Nicholas Hilton II (born November 7, 1989) is an American writer, producer, director, and actor. He is best known as the son of Richard Hilton and Kathy Hilton.

Barron Nicholas Hilton II was born in New York City, New York on November 7, 1989, as the third of four children to Richard Hilton, a businessman, and Kathy Hilton, a socialite. His siblings are; Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton and Conrad Hilton III. His cousins through his aunt Kim Richards are; Brooke Brinson, Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson. Hilton's cousins through his aunt Kyle Richards are; Farrah Brittany, Alexia Umansky, Sophia Umansky, and Portia Umansky. His maternal grandmother was casting director Kathleen Avanzino. He was named after his paternal grandfather Barron Hilton.

Hilton graduated from Loyola Marymount University in 2015.

Hilton wrote, producer and director the 2015 short film "En Passant".

Hilton was charged with a DUI and being an unlicensed driver in March 2008. In July 2011, he was ordered by a Los Angeles Superior Court jury to pay US$4.9 million to a gas station attendant he hit with his car during the 2008 incident.

Hilton met Tessa von Walderdorff, a member of the Walderdorff family, at a restaurant in Saint Barthélemy in 2016, and began dating shortly after. Hilton proposed in Central Park on September 17, 2017. The couple announced their engagement via Instagram later that month. Hilton and Walderdorff were married in Gustavia; first in a civil ceremony at the town hall on June 1, 2018 and then in a religious ceremony at St. Bartholomew's Anglican Church on June 3. After the ceremony they had a reception at the Villa La Plage.

Walderdorff announced that she was pregnant with the couples first child in September 2019. Walderdorff gave birth to a daughter, Milou Alizée Hilton, on March 11, 2020; Walderdorff announced that she was pregnant with the couples second child in February 2022. Walderdorff gave birth to a son, Caspian Barron Hilton, on September 4, 2022. Walderdorff announced that she was pregnant with the couples third child in September 2023.

The Animal Song

"The Animal Song" is a 1999 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the leading single from their second studio album "Affirmation" and was taken from the 1999 movie "The Other Sister". It went to number 18 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 19 in the United States and Ireland, number 3 in New Zealand, Sweden and Australia, number 23 in Iceland, number 5 in Canada, number 12 in Norway and number 48 in the Netherlands.

CD single

CD and cassette single

CD1

CD2

Cassette single
CD1

CD2

CD single

Noni Salma

Noni Salma is a Nigerian transgender movie-maker and screenwriter whose growing up experiences in Lagos, Nigeria has inspired her storytelling. Her works are largely Women and Queer led dramas and comedies. She centers them in her writing in ways that are fresh, inspiring and kicking. Her slice-of-life feature drama screenplay, Raison D'etre is a ScreenCraft Screenwriting Fellowship 2021 Finalist and her comedy pilot, Badass is a ScreenCraft Comedy Competition 2021 semifinalist and on the GLAAD list 2022.

She is also a Stowe Story Labs Fellowships finalist. Noni Salma currently lives in New York.

James Brown (internet personality)

James Chukwueze Obialor, popularly known as WF James Brown, is a Nigerian internet personality, dancer, and who was noted in 2018 following a viral video in which he said the phrase "They didn’t caught me" following an arrest by the police. He was arrested alongside 46 others for being allegedly gay and spent a month at the . The case against them was later dismissed by a court.

Kaseya Center

Kaseya Center is an multi-use arena located in Miami, Florida that serves as the home for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA). It was also home to the Miami Sol of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) from 2000 until 2002.

They first started to build the stadium on February 6, 1998. The arena opened on December 31, 1999 and the first event was a concert by Gloria Estefan. The Heat had their first preseason game in the arena on January 2, 2000. In the game, they defeated the Orlando Magic 135–103.

When the arena first opened on December 31, 1999, American Airlines owned the naming rights for the arena and the arena was named American Airline Arena. American Airlines would own naming rights from the opening of the arena until they made an announcement on September 10, 2019 that they wouldn't be renewing their deal. On March 26, 2022, a cryptocurrency exchange company called FTX announced that they were buying the name rights for the arena for $135 million and the arena would be renamed FTX Arena. On November 11, 2022, FTX would go bankrupt. The arena name was terminated on January 11, 2023. The arena would be renamed Miami-Dade Arena until another sponsor was chosen for it.

World Championship Wrestling (WCW) would hold their Uncensored at the arena in 2000. WWE has also hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including the Royal Rumble in 2006, Survivor Series in 2007 and 2010, and Hell in a Cell in 2013.

Baatarkhuyagiin Otgonbold

Baatarkhuyagiin Otgonbold (born 20 December 1996) is a Mongolian archer. Otgonbold competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Fola Francis

Fola Francis is a Nigerian transgender model, LGBTQIA+ activist and entrepreneur. In 2022, she became the first Nigerian transperson to walk the Lagos Fashion Week for Cute-Saint and Fruché.

Sambuugiin Oyuuntsetseg

Sambuugiin Oyuuntsetseg (born 15 December 1964) is a Mongolian archer. Oyuuntsetseg competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Suvd Tuul

Suvdyn Tuul (born 17 September 1970) is a Mongolian archer. Tuul competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Bishindeegiin Urantungalag

Bishindeegiin Urantungalag (born 24 February 1977) is a Mongolian archer. Urantungalag competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Nay Myo Aung

Nay Myo Aung (born 19 July 1986) is an archer from Myanmar. Myo Aung competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

San Yu Htwe

San Yu Htwe (born 14 October 1986) is a Burmese archer. Yu Htwe competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

White Brazilians

White Brazilians refers to Brazilian citizens who are considered or self-identify as "white", typically because of European or Levantine descent.

Thi Thi Win

Thi Thi Win (born 23 July 1971) is an archer from Myanmar. Thi Win competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

French Kissin (song)

"French Kissin" is a 1986 song by Deborah Harry and is the leading single from her second studio album "Rockbird". It went to the top 10 in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, South Africa, Ireland, Australia and went to number 57 in the United States and number 95 in Canada.

7-inch single

US 12-inch single

UK and Australasian 12-inch single

Australasian cassette single

List of ecologists from Europe

This is a list of noted ecologist from Europe.







Step by Step (New Kids on the Block song)

"Step by Step" is a 1990 song by New Kids on the Block and is the title track to their 1990 album "Step by Step". It was originally recorded by Maurice Starr's other group The Superiors and released as a single in 1987 by Motown Records and was not successful. It was covered by New Kids on the Block and topped the charts in the United States, Spain and Canada, number 2 in the United Kingdom and Greece and number 3 in Norway and New Zealand.




Sheikh Hussein

Sheikh Hussein is a town in southeastern Ethiopia. The famous shrine of the 13th century Muslim Sheikh Hussein, one of the holiest sites in Ethiopia, is here. 

Sheikh Hussein is a tentative UNESCO World Heritage site since 2011 due to its religious, cultural, and historical significance.

In December 2007, SATCON Construction, an Ethiopian-owned company, completed a four-year project to build a 170-kilometer road connecting Sheikh Hussein to Micheta town in West Hararghe Zone. This road was opened on December 19, 2007.

The town, Sheikh Hussein, got its name from a sacred place in Ethiopia. It is known for the tomb of Sheikh Hussein, a 13th-century Somali saint. He brought Islam to the Sidamo people in the area. Sheikh Hussein established the Sultanate of Bale. Pilgrims, around 50,000 Muslim Ethiopians, visit the town twice a year to honor his birth and death. They carry small sticks, "Oulle Sheikh Hussein," and crawl through a small doorway to enter the saint's tomb.
The religious complex dedicated to Sheikh Hussein includes the town and the nearby valley of Kachamsare. In the 18th century, Emir Abd al-Shakur ibn Yusuf of Harar built a shrine to the Baghdadi saint Abd al-Qadir al-Jilani near Sheikh Hussein's tomb. The complex has landmarks like the Dinkiro pond, associated with a miraculous spring, and two wild fig trees called kiltu. There are also caves and rock formations with unique names, such as the "cave of serpents," "cave of herbs," and "cave of honey".

Disappearance of Pauline Picard

Pauline Picard (Born on 1919 or 1920presumed body was discovered on or 25 or 26 May 1922) was a missing Breton girl who was a toddler at the time of her disappearance.

Pauline Picard had disappeared when outside of her family's house on 6 April 1922, at the age of 2, in the village of Goas-al-Ludu, Saint Rivoal, Brittany. 

Pauline's fate is rather disputed. The question whether the deceased body of a child found after Pauline's disappearance is truly Pauline Picard's or not, is disputed.

Leave the Pieces

"Leave the Pieces" is the first single by American country music duo The Wreckers.

A music video was released in March 30, 2006, directed by Trey Fanjoy.

Miss Me Blind

"Miss Me Blind" is a 1984 song by English new wave band Culture Club and fourth single from their second studio album "Colour by Numbers". It went to number 5 in the United States, number 6 in Canada and number 26 in Australia.

7"
A. "Miss Me Blind" – 4:28
B. "Colour by Numbers" (non-album track) – 3:57
"(Released at least in the USA, Canada, Australia, France, Italy, and Japan)"
A. "Miss Me Blind" – 4:28
B. "Victims" – 4:56
"(Released in Mexico)"
A. "Miss Me Blind" – 4:31
B. "Boy, Boy (I'm the Boy)" – 3:46
"(Released in Brazil)"
12"
A. "Miss Me Blind/It's a Miracle" (Extended Dance Remix) – 9:08
B. "Colour by Numbers" – 3:57
"(Released in the USA and Canada)"
A. "It's a Miracle/Miss Me Blind" (US Remix) – 9:08
B1. "Love Twist" – 4:23
B2. "Melting Pot" (live) – 4:30
"(Released in France)"

Santa Monica (Savage Garden song)

"Santa Monica" is a 1998 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the seventh single from their 1997 self-titled debut studio album. It was released on 21 November 1998 as a single in Japan.


Cowboy Take Me Away

"Cowboy Take Me Away" is a 1999 song by The Chicks and is the second single from their fifth studio album "Fly". It went to number 27 in the United States and topped the country single charts in the United States and Canada.

Spectrum Center

Spectrum Center is an multi-use arena located in Charlotte, North Carolina that serves as the home for the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). It was also home to the Charlotte Checkers of the ECHL from 2005 until 2010, the Charlotte Sting of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) in 2006, and the Charlotte Checkers of the American Hockey League (AHL) from 2010 until 2015.

They first started to build the stadium on July 29, 2003. The arena opened on October 21, 2005 and the first event was a sold-out concert by The Rolling Stones. The Bobcats had their first game in the arena on November 5, 2005. In the game, they defeated the Boston Celtics 107–105 in overtime.

When the arena first opened on October 21, 2005, the arena didn't have a sponsor and was named Charlotte Bobcats Arena after the team. The name of the arena would change to Time Warner Cable Arena when Time Warner Cable was bought by Charter Communications and they then bought the naming rights for the arena on April 8, 2008. On August 17, 2016, it was announced that the arena would be renamed the Spectrum Center after the naming rights were bought by Spectrum.

WWE has also hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including the Vengeance in 2006, Clash of Champions in 2019 and NXT Vengeance Day in 2023.

Conrad Hilton III

Conrad Hughes Hilton III (born March 3, 1994) is an American socialite. He is best known as the son of Richard Hilton and Kathy Hilton.

Conrad Hughes Hilton II was born in New York City, New York on March 3, 1994, as the youngest of four children to Richard Hilton, a businessman, and Kathy Hilton, a socialite. His elder siblings are; Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton and Barron Hilton II. His cousins through his aunt Kim Richards are; Brooke Brinson, Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson. Hilton's cousins through his aunt Kyle Richards are; Farrah Brittany, Alexia Umansky, Sophia Umansky, and Portia Umansky. His maternal grandmother was casting director Kathleen Avanzino. He was named after his great-great grandfather Conrad Hilton.

Hilton was admitted to Desert Regional Medical Center with "major injuries" in August 2014, after he crashed his 2013 BMW on Interstate 10 when he tried to switch lanes while traveling at 200 mph.

Hilton caused a 10-hour long disruption on the British Airways trans-Atlantic flight 269 from London to Los Angeles on July 31, 2015.

Hilton was sentenced to two months in prison on June 4, 2016, after he admitted to using drugs in violation of his parole stemming from a 2015 arrest.

Hilton was ordered to attend rehab in 2016, after violating his probation by failing drug tests and leaving California without getting permission from his probation officer.

Hilton was arrested in May 2017, when he tried to break into the Hollywood Hills home of his ex-girlfriend, actress E.G. Daily. Hilton violated a restraining order Daily's daughter and Hilton's ex-girlfriend, Hunter Daily Salomon, had against him. Hilton had broken into her home once before in June 2015. Hilton also went to Daily's father Rick Salomon's home and stole his Bentley.

Cold Case (Brainbombs album)

Cold Case is the ninth album made by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs. It was released on LP by Skrammel Records alongside a red translucent version. Skrammel Records also uploaded a video on their YouTube channel of the song "In Pain" in December of 2019. Daniel de Jongh for Discipline Magazine rated the album 15/20 in their "Top 20 Albums of 2020".

Affinity (movie)

Affinity is a 2008 British Romanian Canadian romantic drama movie directed by Tim Fywell and was based on the 1999 novel of the same name by Sarah Waters. It stars Zoë Tapper, Mary Jo Randle, Anna Madeley, Amanda Plummer, Anne Reid, Anna Massey, Domini Blythe, Sara Lloyd-Gregory, Nikolas Grace, Caroline Loncq and Alan Westaway.


Friederike Otto

Friederike (Fredi) Elly Luise Otto (born 29 August 1982 in Kiel) is a climatologist. She works at the Grantham Institute for Climate Change and the Environment at Imperial College London. Her research is about whether and how much extreme weather conditions change as a result of external climate drivers. She examines how much human-caused climate change as well as vulnerability and exposure are responsible for events such heat waves, droughts and floods. Together with climate scientist Geert Jan van Oldenborgh she founded the international project World Weather Attribution which she still leads.  In 2021, she was one of the "Time" 100, "Time"'s annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world. She was also one of ten scientists who had had important roles in scientific developments in 2021 highlighted in the scientific journal "Nature".

Her work has been used in court against major oil companies and McKinsey & Company, claiming damages for climate events.

Live at Kafé Hærverk (Brainbombs album)

Live at Kafé Hærverk is a live album by Swedish band Brainbombs. It was recorded at Kafé Hærverk on the 27th of May, 2022 and released on the 6th of October, 2023. Brainbombs has performed at Kafé Hærverk a total of 4 times.

Here with Me (Dido song)

"Here with Me" is the debut single by English singer Dido and is the leading single from her debut studio album "No Angel". It was used as the theme song to the hit series "Roswell". It was a top five single in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Scotland, Portugal, Spain, Austria, Belgium, Ireland, Hungary, France, Norway and Switzerland.

UK, Australian, and New Zealand CD single

UK cassette single and European CD single

US DVD single

Japanese maxi-CD single

Delta Center

Delta Center is an multi-use arena located in Salt Lake City, Utah that serves as the home for the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association (NBA). It was also home to the Utah Starzz of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) from 1997 until 2002.

They first started to build the stadium on May 22, 1990. The arena opened on October 9, 1991 and the first event was a concert by Oingo Boingo. The Jazz had their first pre-season game in the arena on October 24, 1991. In the game, they were defeated by the New York Knicks 101–95.

When the arena first opened on October 21, 2005, the arena's naming rights were owned by Delta Air Lines and the arena was named the Delta Center. During the Olympics, the arena would be temporarily renamed as Salt Lake Ice Center. Delta decided not to renew their license and the naming rights were bought by EnergySolutions on September 30, 2006 and the arena was renamed EnergySolutions Arena. The name lasted until October 26, 2015 when naming rights were bought by home security provider Vivint. The arena was renamed Vivint Smart Home Arena, and later just Vivint Arena in 2020. The naming rights were bought back by Delta Air Lines on January 14, 2023 and they renamed the arena back to its original name, the Delta Center.

When the 2002 Winter Olympics, the Delta Center would be temporarily renamed the Salt Lake Ice Center and would be the host of figure skating and short-track speed skating events.

The National Hockey League (NHL) have hosted their Frozen Fury preseason games at the arena since 2021.

McKinsey &amp; Company

McKinsey & Company is a worldwide management consulting firm. It was started in 1926 by University of Chicago professor James O. McKinsey. It sells professional services to corporations, governments, and other organizations. McKinsey is the oldest and largest of the "Big Three" management consultancies.

Eric Bloodaxe

Eric Haraldsson (fl. c.930−954), nicknamed Bloodaxe and Brother-Slayer (Latin: fratrum interfector), was a Norwegian king. He ruled as King of Norway, after his father Harald Fairhair, from 932 to 934 and was King of Northumbria twice from 947 to 948 and 952 to 954.

Bavanat

Bavanat (, also Romanized as Bavanat; formerly, Bavanat (, also Romanized as Bavānāt and Bavānāt) is a city and capital of Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.
In 2001, the name of Surian city was changed to Bavanat and now the center of Bavanat city is called Bavanat city.

Moda Center

Moda Center is an multi-use arena located in Portland, Oregon that serves as the home for the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). It was also home to the Portland Winterhawks of the Western Hockey League (WHL) from 1995 until 2021 and the Portland Fire of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) from 2000 until 2002.

They first started to build the stadium on July 12, 1993. The arena opened on October 12, 1995 and the first event was a concert by David Bowie opened by Nine Inch Nails on October 25. The Trail Blazers had their first game in the arena on November 3, 1995. In the game, they were defeated by the Vancouver Grizzlies 92–80.

When the arena first opened on October 12, 1995, the arena didn't have a sponsor and the arena was named the Rose Garden. The name was chosen because of Portland's nickname being the Rose City. In 2004, the arena was filed for bankruptcy and the ownership of the arena moved from Paul Allen to many different creditors. When the creditors owned the arena for two years, the arena and the Trail Blazers were put up for sale during the spring of 2006. It would later be pulled from the market. On August 13, 2013, Moda Health purchased the naming rights for the arena and renamed it to the Moda Center.

WWE has also hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including Unforgiven in 2004, No Mercy in 2008 and in 2020.

Dido

Dido or DIDO may refer to:


Hertford Castle

Hertford Castle was a castle built by the Normans next to the River Lee in Hertford. Most of the castle's buildings have been demolished, the Tudor gatehouse being the largest surviving part.

Chase Center

Chase Center is a multi-use arena located in San Francisco, California that serves as the home for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

They first started to build the stadium on January 17, 2017. The arena opened on September 6, 2019 and the first event was a concert by Metallica and the San Francisco Symphony. The Warriors had their first preseason game in the arena on October 5, 2019. In the game, they were defeated by the Los Angeles Lakers 123–101.

On January 28, 2016, JPMorgan Chase announced that they had purchased the naming rights for the arena for when it was completed in 2019.

On October 17, 2021, a fan died and others were injured during a Phish concert at the arena. Fans said they were worried about the safety of the barriers. The San Francisco Department of Building Inspection investigated but said that the building met the city codes.

WWE has also episodes of their weekly television shows "Raw" and "SmackDown" at the arena. All Elite Wrestling (AEW) hosted their Revolution pay-per-view at the arena on March 5, 2023.

Church of St. John the Baptist, Cirencester

The Church of St. John Baptist, Cirencester is a parish church in Cirencester built in the 12th century.
Official website

International Blind Sports Federation

The International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) is a non-profit organisation started in 1981 in Paris, France. It is now in Bonn. It used to be known as the International Blind Sports Association. It promotes the full integration of blind and partially-sighted people in society through sport and encourages them to take up and practise sports. It is a full and founding member of the International Paralympic Committee.

It is the international federation for several sports for people with a visual impairment, including three Paralympic sports (blind football, goalball and judo), powerlifting, ten-pin bowling, nine-pin bowling, torball, and showdown. 

List of United States senators from Alaska

Alaska was made a state on January 3, 1959. Alaska's United States Senate seats are in class 2 and class 3. The state's current senators are Republicans Lisa Murkowski (serving since 2002) and Dan Sullivan (serving since 2015). A total of eight people have represented Alaska in the U.S. Senate. Ted Stevens was Alaska's longest serving U.S. Senator, serving from 1968 to 2009.

! rowspan=5 | 1
! rowspan=7 |1

! rowspan=23 | 2

! rowspan=6 | 2

! rowspan=11 | 3

! rowspan=14 | 4

! rowspan=3 | 3

! rowspan=6 | 4

"They Shall Have Stars", the first book in science fiction writer James Blish's "Cities in Flight" series, was published in 1950 and is set in a fictional 2013. A major character is Alaska Senator Bliss Wagoner, leader of the Joint Congressional Committee on Space Flight, who is a big role in Humanity's spread into space. At the time of when the book was being written, Alaska was not yet a state and had no senators, but Blish correctly thought that this would be by at least 2013.



List of United States representatives from Alaska

This list is an listed by number list of members of the United States House of Representatives from Alaska's at-large congressional district, making it from the state of Alaska. For by time tables of members of both houses of the United States Congress from the state (through the present day), look at the page United States congressional delegations from Alaska. The list of names should be complete (as of January 3, 2015), but other data may be not complete. It includes members who have represented both the state and the territory, both past and present.

There is only one district, making there only be one member:



Engleside

Engleside hotel is in Livingston County, New York. It is still in use today. 

Charles Vansant bled to death after being attacked by a shark in 1916.

Jean-Pierre-André Amar

Jean-Pierre-André Amar or Jean-Baptiste-André Amar (May 11, 1755 – December 21, 1816) was a French political figure of the Revolution and Freemason.

Jean-Baptiste Robert Lindet

Jean-Baptiste Robert Lindet (2 May 1746 in Bernay, Eure – 17 February 1825 in Paris) was a French politician of the Revolutionary period. His brother, Robert Thomas Lindet, became a constitutional bishop and member of the National Convention.

Nigel Ng

Nigel Ng (born March 15, 1991) is a Malay-Chinese comedian and YouTuber. He is well known for creating the character Uncle Roger who is a food critic.

Christ Air

A skateboarding trick where one is in the air, puts their board into one hand, and straightens out their body as to look like Jesus Christ on the cross.

Steven Bartlett (businessman)

Steven Cliff Bartlett (born 26 August 1992) is a British-Nigerian entrepreneur and podcaster. He is the founder of Thirdweb, Flight Story and Flight Story Fund. In 2019, he began appearing as an investor on the BBC One show "Dragons' Den." He also runs "The Diary of a CEO" podcast. In 2023, according to Spotify Wrapped, it was ranked in the top 10 most popular podcasts globally.

In 2013, Bartlett founded Wallpark, an online messaging board. In 2014, Bartlett co-founded Social Chain, a social media marketing company based in Manchester, UK, with Dominic McGregor. In 2017, he created a podcast series called "The Diary of a CEO," which has featured guests including Liam Payne and Tom Blomfield.

Tour de Nesle affair

The Tour de Nesle affair was a scandal in the French royal family in 1314, where Margaret, Blanche, and Joan, the daughters-in-law of King Philip IV of France, were accused of adultery.

Grand Union Flag

The Grand Union Flag was the flag for the United States of America when it was still controlled by Britain with the 13 colonies. It is the first flag of the States. It contained 7 red stripes and 6 white stripes with the Union Jack in the top-left corner.

Sigmar Polke

Sigmar Polke (13 February 1941 – 10 June 2010) was a German painter and photographer. He used many styles, subject matters and materials in his career. In the 1970s, he focus on photography, before coming back to painting in the 1980s. In the last 20 years of his life, he made paintings based on historical events and how he view them.

Joseph Ruggles Wilson

Joseph Ruggles Wilson Sr. (February 28, 1822 – January 21, 1903) was a known Presbyterian theologian (person who studies religon) and father of President Woodrow Wilson. In 1861, as pastor of First Presbyterian Church in Augusta, Georgia, he started the General Assembly of the newly formed Presbyterian Church in the United States, known as the Southern Presbyterian Church, and was its clerk (chief executive officer) for thirty-seven years.

Hor-Aha

Hor Aha, also known as Horus-Aha, is thought to be the second pharaoh of the First Dynasty of Egypt by some Egyptologists. However, there are others who believe that he was actually the first pharaoh and is the same person as Menes. He lived around the 31st century BC and is believed to have ruled for a long time.

Hor-Aha is generally thought to be son of Neith-hotep and Narmer. His main wife was Benerib. He also had another wife called khenthap who was the mother of his son Djer.

The name Hor aha comes from Horus-name, which is linked to the god Horus. It means Horus the Fighter. In Manetho’s Aegyptiaca (History of Egypt), his Greek name is Athothis or “Athotís”. During the Early Dynastic Period, pharaohs were referred to by their Horus-names in the archaeological record. However, historical records like the Turin and Abydos king lists used a different royal title called the nebty-name. The different parts of a pharaoh’s name were sometimes used separately for brevity, depending on the situation and time period.Egyptologists agree with Flinders Petrie’s findings that connect Hor-Aha with the nebty-name Ity.

There has been debate about Hor-Aha. Some people think he’s the same person as Menes, who united all of Egypt. Others say he’s the son of Narmer, who united Egypt.Some historians believe Narmer and Menes might have been the same pharaoh, but with different names. Regardless, most historical evidence suggests Narmer was the first pharaoh to unify Egypt, and that Hor-Aha was his son. 
Hor-Aha is considered the second pharaoh of the first dynasty. Before him, Narmer had brought together Upper Egypt and Lower Egypt into one kingdom. Hor-Aha likely became king around 3100 BC.
Hor-Aha is known to have done many religious activities. He visited a temple of the goddess Neith. This temple was in the northwest of the Nile Delta, in a place called Sais. He also found a special boat called the Henu-barque, which was important to the god Seker.

The ancient Egyptians wrote things on boats, boxes, and clay to keep track of what they had. They also put labels and pictures on things to show who owned them. Some of these labels and pictures were found in the tomb of a queen named Neithhotep and king Hor-Aha. These labels and pictures show that Neithhotep may have died during Hor-Aha's time as king. Hor-Aha buried her in a big tomb that was discovered by a man named Jacques de Morgan. Some people think that Neithhotep was Hor-Aha's mother. This would mean that she came from a place called Naqada, which was important in the past. This would also mean that Hor-Aha married a woman from Naqada to help him control that area. But in 2016, some new evidence was found that shows Neithhotep was actually a queen during the time of another king named Djer, who came after Hor-Aha. So the evidence from the tombs only proves that Neithhotep lived during Hor-Aha's time and maybe for a little while after that. The most important thing about all of this is that there is now an old tomb at Saqqara, which is near Memphis. This tomb belonged to someone who worked for Hor-Aha, and it shows how important Memphis was becoming during his time as king.
Hor-Aha was a long time ago, and not many things from his time are left today. But some things that were made during his rule show how skilled the people were. These things include copper axe heads that are very nicely made, pieces of a special kind of glass called faience, small boxes made of ivory, and white stones with writings on them. All of these things show that craftsmen were doing excellent work during Hor-Aha's time as a ruler.
The Egyptian priest Manetho, who lived over 2,600 years after Hor-Aha, wrote that Hor-Aha built a palace in the city of Memphis and was also a very skilled doctor who wrote many books about how the human body works.
The tomb of Hor-Aha is situated in a place called Umm el-Qa'ab, which is where the ancient Egyptian kings from the first dynasty were buried. It has three big rooms called B10, B15, and B19, which are right next to the tomb of Narmer's. These rooms are dug directly into the ground and have walls made of mud bricks. 

One unique feature of Hor-Aha's tomb is that some people from the royal household were buried with him. It's not clear whether they were killed or committed suicide. Some of these people were servants, dwarfs, women, and even dogs. As a symbol of royalty, Hor-Aha was also given a group of young lions.

Automatic (Pointer Sisters song)

"Automatic" is a 1983 song by The Pointer Sisters and was taken from their 10th studio album "Break Out". It went to number 5 in the United States, number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in the Netherlands, number 1 in Ireland, number 15 in Australia, number 17 in Canada and number 8 in New Zealand. It was covered by Ultra Naté in 2007.

Baketmut

Baketmut (Ancient Egyptian: "b3k.t-mwt", "Handmaid of Mut") was an ancient Egyptian princess of the Nineteenth Dynasty. She was the second daughter of Pharaoh Ramesses II.

Her statue stands at the feet of one of her father's statues at the Great Temple of Abu Simbel. She is depicted as an adult, with an uraeus on her head. She is also depicted inside the temple, She appears as the second daughter after Bintanath. It has been proposed that her mother was Queen Nefertari, but it's not confirmed. She is not shown at the Small Temple of Abu Simbel, which was built for Nefertari and has statues of princes and princesses who are likely to have been her children.

Her tomb is not known.

QV68

QV68 is the tomb of Meritamen, the daughter and Great Wife of Ramesses II, in Egypt's Valley of the Queens. It was mentioned by Champollion and Lepsius, and later excavated by Ernesto Schiaparelli (the director of the Egyptian Museum in Turin).

Lepsius gives a short description of this tomb. In his list this is tomb number 12.

The main room has many pictures of gods and goddesses.Meritamen, is shown talking to four of them: Neith, Thoth, Ra-Harakhti, and Hathor. Meritamen is also shown bringing a special box to Hathor and Osiris. 

Meritamen was was buried in a special red stone coffin. The coffin is now in Berlin Museum. The inscriptions identify her as The [King's Daughter], Great [Royal Wife], Lady of Both Lands, Merytamen, justified, and as The Osiris, King's Daughter beloved of him, Great Royal Wife, Lady of Both Lands, Merytamen, justified.


Lazare Carnot

Lazare Nicolas Marguerite Carnot ( 13 May 1753 – 2 August 1823) was a French mathematician, physicist, military officer, politician and a leading member of the Committee of Public Safety during the French Revolution.

Claude Antoine, comte Prieur-Duvernois

Claude Antoine, comte Prieur-Duvernois (1763–1832), commonly known as Prieur de la Côte-d'Or after his native département, was a French engineer and a politician during and after the French Revolution.

Grand Theft Auto VI

Grand Theft Auto VI is an upcoming video game. It will be published by Rockstar Games and developed by Rockstar Studios. It will be the eighth main game in the "Grand Theft Auto" series.

In July 2022, it was reported that the main characters of "Grand Theft Auto VI" would be both a man and a woman named Lucia, with their characters being influenced by criminal duo Bonnie and Clyde. It was also revealed that the game will take place in Vice City.

On September 18, 2022, a leak was released and was later confirmed to be real by Rockstar. In the leak, there were 90 videos posted which showed footage of the game in a work-in-progress state. A 17-year-old from Oxfordshire who is believed to have posted the leak under the username "teapotuberhacker" was arrested on 22 September. A judge would sentence him to an indefinite hospital order since he said that he would still do cybercrime if he was released.

On December 4, 2023, Rockstar released an official trailer for the game and revealed that the release date is expected to be in 2025.

Philippe Pinel

Philippe Pinel was a French doctor who is known as the father of Psychiatry.

Pinel was born in Southern France in 1745. He studied at the University of Toulouse before becoming a doctor in in 1778. He then moved to Paris and spent the next fifteen years working as a translator. In 1784, he started editing La Gazette de Santé, a magazine about medicine. Then a friend of his killed himself so Pinel wanted to understand Madness. He got a job at a Mental hospital where he worked for five years. After the French Revolution, he was put in charge of the Bicetre Hospital

Pinel wanted to help the 200 patients who were insane so he talked to his boss Jean-Baptiste Pussin. Together they came up with ways to treat mental illness that didn’t use violence and which was based mostly on therapy. At the time, the mentally ill were chained to the walls but Pinel and Pussin got rid of the chains. He also made sure to talk to every patient to understand their history and what their problems were. 

Pinel said there were four different kinds of madness. The first was called melancholia which Pinel said meant either Narcissism or Depression. The second was called Madness without Delirium. Pinel said that meant that a person who looked and acted like a completely normal person who was sane would still do very violent things without any remorse. (This would later be renamed Psychopathy.) The third was Dementia which Pinel said not being able to get new memories. The fourth was called Idiotism, it meant not being able to think and usually also being bad at speaking and feeling very strong emotions completely randomly. 

Pinel made the idea that Madness was actually Mental illness and people with it needed help and compassion a popular idea. Michel Foucault hated Pinel and thought that Pinel made things worse. 
Thin Thin Khaing

Thin Thin Khaing (born 4 May 1978) is an archer from Burma. Thin Khaing competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Jit Bahadur Muktan

Jitbahadur Moktan (born 31 August 1979) is a Nepalese archer. Bahadur Muktan competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Wietse van Alten

Wietse Cornelis van Alten (born 24 September 1978) is an archer from the Netherlands. He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Sjef van den Berg

Sjef van den Berg (born 14 April 1995) is a retired Dutch archer. He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Gijs Broeksma

Gijs Broeksma (born 10 December 1999) is a Dutch archer. Broeksma competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Piet de Brouwer

Petrus "Piet" Godefridus de Brouwer (5 October 1880 – 5 October 1953) was an archer from the Netherlands. De Brouwer competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Footprint Center

Footprint Center is an multi-use arena located in Phoenix, Arizona that serves as the home for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the Phoenix Mercury of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). The arena was also the home of the Phoenix Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1996 until 2003. 

They first started to build the stadium on August 1, 1990. The arena opened on June 6, 1992 and the first event was a concert by country singer George Strait. 

The Suns had their first game in the arena on November 7, 1992. In their first game, they defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 111–105. The Coyotes had their first game at the arena on October 10, 1996. They would defeat the San Jose Sharks by a score of 4–1. The Coyotes would play their last game in the arena in a 5–2 defeat to the Minnesota Wild on December 15, 2003. They would move to Glendale Arena in Glendale to play halfway through the 2003–04 NHL season.

In January 1990, sponsorship naming rights were bought by America West Airlines and the arena was named America West Arena. After America West bought and took over US Airways, they decided to change the name of the arena to US Airways Center. On December 2, 2014, the naming rights were sold to Talking Stick Resort, a luxury hotel and casino resort. The arena was then renamed Talking Stick Resort Arena.

The naming rights expired on November 6, 2020. This left the arena without a sponsor and it would be renamed to PHX Arena and later Phoenix Suns Arena. On July 16, 2021, materials science company Footprint purchased naming rights for the arena and renamed it to the Footprint Center.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including SummerSlam in 2003, Judgment Day in 2006, Cyber Sunday in 2008, Money in the Bank in 2012, Elimination Chamber in 2017, and . All Elite Wrestling (AEW) have also hosted episodes of their weekly television shows "Dynamite" and "Rampage" at the arena.

Driekske van Bussel

Hendrikus "Driekske" van Bussel (18 November 1868 – 27 April 1951) was an archer from the Netherlands. Van Bussel competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Al-Raba al-Gharbi

Al-Raba al-Gharbi (arab. عزلة الربع الغربي) is a subdistrict in Sana'a Governorate, Yemen. As of 2004, 23,690 people live in the subdistrict. The subdistrict is located in Sanhan District. The subdistrict contains 17 villages, which are divisions of subdistricts.
Al-Raba al-Gharbi has a BWk climate classification (i.e. a hot desert).
Here is a climate graph for the general climate in Al-Raba al-Gharbi.

On average, April is the wettest month at 89 millimeters of rain on average, and February, January, and December the driest, all at 1 millimeter a month on average.

Bart Allen

Bartholomew Henry <nowiki>"Bart"</nowiki> Allen II is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a speedster, the original character known as Impulse, the second Kid Flash, and the fourth hero known as The Flash. Originally born in the 30th Century as a descendant of the Allen Family, he traveled back to our time and became a member of the Flash Family. His grandfather is Barry Allen, and his mentors have included Wally West and Jay Garrick, along with Max Mercury. Originally given the codename "Impulse" for his impulsiveness, he became "Kid Flash" after learning greater self-control, and eventually "The Flash" when he grew up further. Bart was killed by the Rogues during "Full Throttle", but resurrected as Kid Flash again during "Final Crisis", he has been working alongside the other three Flashes since the events of "The Flash: Rebirth". He is a founding member of Young Justice and a member of the Teen Titans and Legion of Super-Heroes.

In "The New 52" reboot, a new character appeared using the same name as the original Bart Allen. Bar Torr was a revolutionary from the 30th Century who was sent back to the 21st Century with no memories from his past. He took the alias Kid Flash and joined Red Robin's Teen Titans. Bart learned the truth of his origins when Johnny Quick exploited his status and sent the Titans to the future. Bar was briefly brought back by the Elite, but returned home to rescue his love interest, fellow Titan Solstice. The original Bart Allen made his return in "Flash War" as Impulse.

"Bart Allen" was created by Mark Waid and Mike Wieringo, first appearing in "The Flash (Volume 2) #91". (1994)

Outside of comics, Bart has been portrayed by Kyle Gallner in the live-action television series "Smallville". Jason Marsden voiced the character in the animated series "Young Justice". Jordan Fisher portrays a variation of the character as the future son of Barry Allen and Iris West-Allen starting in the seventh season of The CW Arrowverse television series "The Flash" as a recurring character.

Golden 1 Center

Golden 1 Center is a multi-use arena located in Sacramento, California that serves as the home for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association (NBA). 

They first started to build the stadium on October 29, 2014. The arena opened on September 30, 2016 and the first event was a concert by Paul McCartney on his One on One tour. 

On April 9, 2016, the Sacramento Kings would play their last game at their old home arena ARCO Arena. The Kings had their first preseason game in the arena on October 10, 2016. In their first game, they defeated Maccabi Haifa of the Liga Leumit 135–96. 

On June 16, 2015, it was announced that sponsorship naming rights were purchased by Golden 1 Credit Union in a 20 years; $120 million deal. The arena would be named the Golden 1 Center.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including No Mercy in 2016 and Hell in a Cell in 2019. All Elite Wrestling (AEW) have also hosted episodes of their weekly television shows "Dynamite" and "Rampage" at the arena.

Speed Force

The Speed Force is a fictional cosmic energy field and force based around velocity and movement, and one of the Seven Forces of the Universe. It appears in publications by DC Comics, mostly in Flash stories. It is the representation of reality in motion, being the very cosmic force that pushes space and time forward. It grants all speedsters their power. Several speedsters have merged with it, including Barry Allen, Johnny Quick, and Max Mercury. Eobard Thawne stated that at its core, the Speed Force is equivalent to time itself, describing it as existence moving through reality, kinetic energy, and temporal energy.

It first appeared in "The Flash" (vol. 2) #91 (June 1994), and was created by Mark Waid.

Harry Lampert

Harry Lampert (November 3, 1916 - November 13, 2004) was an American cartoonist and bridge teacher and writer, widely known for creating the DC Comics character the Flash, alongside his partner and writer Gardner Fox.

He was born in New York City, New York, United States on November 3, 1916, and died November 13, 2004 in Boca Raton, Florida, of complications from prostate cancer; he was survived by wife Adele Lampert, daughter Karen Akavan and two grandsons.

Miley Cyrus Discography

Miley Cyrus Discography is where you can find out all the music done by Miley Cyrus.For the musical carrier of teen icon Hannah Montana see Hannah Montana discography

Miley Cyrus has recorded eight studio albums and 2 ESp.Cyrus has sold 55 million singles and 20 million albums world wide

Ever since the era of Hannah Montana, Miley Cyrus's mix of heart pouring lyrics and a heart warming voice won many crowds. Cyrus has been number 1 for 8 weeks on the 947 top 40.


Pseudophilautus hankeni

Pseudophilautus hankeni is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka, in the Knuckles Mountains. People have seen it on mountains higher than 1200 meters over sea level.

The adult male frog is about 19.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 20.0 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is cream-white in color with light brown marks and a dark brown line between the eyes with two dots behind it. There are two light brown bands down the body. The sides fo the body are lighter in color with some green color. The throat and belly and webbed skin on the feet are light in color. This frog hatches out of eggs as a small frog. It never swims as a tadpole.

People have seen this frog sitting in shrubs 1-2 meters above the ground. The frogs live in forests, in places where humans have cut down the large trees and they grew back, and in places where humans cut down the large trees and they did not grow back.

Some scientists think this frog is the same species as "Pseudophilautus dilmah".

Scientists named this frog after amphibian scientist Jim Hanken, of Harvard.

Let's Make a Night to Remember

"Let's Make a Night to Remember" is a 1996 song by Canadian singer Bryan Adams and is the second single from his seventh studio album "18 til I Die". It went to number 10 in the United Kingdom, number 24 in the United States, number 14 in Scotland, number 1 in Canada, number 11 in the Netherlands, number 4 in the Czech Republic, number 17 in New Zealand, number 7 in Australia and number 25 in Ireland. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1997.

DC Black Label

DC Black Label is a DC Comics imprint established in 2018 that specialises in providing unique, edgy, and provocative standalone stories based on DC Universe characters, in the tradition of defining works such as "All-Star Superman", "Watchmen", and "". It was intended to allow writers and artists the opportunity to tell their definitive DC stories without being constrained by continuity or age ratings. The imprint publishes prestige original limited series, both canon or otherwise, as well as reprints of critically acclaimed graphic novels. Since 2019, Hill House Comics, the stand-alone horror imprint, is also published under DC Black Label.


Publishing of all titles under "The Sandman Universe" label was taken over by DC Black Label following the shut-down of Vertigo in 2020:




DC Rebirth

DC Rebirth is a massive DC Universe initiative published in 2016.

The event follows the ending of "The New 52", a publishing era that rebooted DC Comics continuity in 2011 after the "Flashpoint" crossover. Its name is taken from the earlier series' "Green Lantern: Rebirth" and "The Flash: Rebirth", both written by Geoff Johns and focusing on returning their characters to an earlier status quo while updating the premises for new audiences. The initiative is intended to synchronize and harmonize the Post-"Flashpoint" continuity and the Post-Crisis continuity.



Pacific Coliseum

Pacific Coliseum is an multi-use arena located in Vancouver, British Columbia. The arena does not have a permanent tenant. The arena used to serves as the home for the Vancouver Canucks of the Western Hockey League (WHL), the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL), the Vancouver Nats of the Western Hockey League (WHL), Vancouver Blazers of the World Hockey Association (WHA), and the Vancouver Giants of the Western Hockey League (WHL).

They first started to build the stadium in 1966. The arena opened on January 8, 1968 and the first event were the Ice Capades. The Canucks had their first game in the arena on October 9, 1970. In their first game, they were defeated by the Los Angeles Kings 3–1. The Canucks would play their final game in the arena on May 27, 1995. They would be defeated by the Chicago Blackhawks 4–3 in overtime in the Western Conference Semifinals and be swept out of the 1995 Stanley Cup playoffs. The Canucks would move to the newly-built General Motors Place the next season.

Ever since the arena opened, it has never had an official corporate sponsor.

On May 1, 1972, a boxing match between Muhammad Ali and George Chuvalo for the NABF heavyweight title would take place. Ali would win by unanimous decision. On September 8, 1972, the fourth game of the Summit Series was held in the arena. Fans would boo after Canada lost to the Soviet Union 5–3. Phil Esposito was disappointed in hearing the boos and said they didn't deserve to be booed.

On August 13, 2000, World Championship Wrestling (WCW) held their New Blood Rising pay-per-view at the arena. WWF hosted many shows at the arena including an episode of their weekly television show "Monday Night Raw" on August 4, 2003.

During the 2010 Winter Olympics, Pacific Coliseum was used figure skating and short-track speed skating events.

The Clown (Conway Twitty song)

"The Clown" is a 1981 song by Conway Twitty and is the leading single from his 44th studio album "Southern Comfort". It went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country single charts and number 7 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks charts.

Tears of Pearls

"Tears of Pearls" is a 1999 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the seventh and final single from their self-titled debut studio album. It went to number 32 in Sweden and number 87 in the Netherlands.

CD single

Maxi CD

Acting President of Sudan

The acting president of the Republic of Sudan () is a temporary post provided by the Constitution of Sudan. The acting president is a person who fulfills the duties of the president of the Republic of Sudan when cases of incapacity amd vacancy occur. The person who holds the office has powers like the President. Just like the President, the Acting President has the power to call for Referendums, Elections, has the power to dissolve Congress and can change the Constitution. This post is usually held by the First Vice President.

Changthang language

Changthang, also known as Byangskat or Upper Ladakhi is a dialect of Ladakhi language spoken by the Changthang people, a subgroup of the Ladakhi people, in Ladakh, Baltistan and Tibet. According to UNESCO, It is an endangered dialect as only 10,000 people speak it.

Berny Camps

Berny Camps (born 20 March 1971) is a Dutch archer. Camps competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Pieter Custers

Pieter Johan Jozef Maria Custers (born 13 March 1984) is an archer from the Netherlands. Custers competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Raavitsa

Raavitsa (also known as Raavitse) is a village in Valga Parish, Valga County, in southeastern Estonia. It borders the town of Valga in the west, Tartu–Valga railway in the northwest and Valga–Pechory railway in the south. Raavitsa has an unused station named "Raavitse" on Tartu–Valga line.

Dinesh Chandimal

Lokuge Dinesh Chandimal born 18 November 1989 is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer and a former captain of the Sri Lanka national cricket team. A handy right-handed middle order batter who sometimes plays as the wicket-keeper.


Rakhee Gulzar

Raakhee Gulzar ( Majumdar; born 15 August 1947), professionally known as Raakhee, is an Indian actress who has appeared in Hindi and Bengali films. In her four decades of acting, she has worked in more than 100 films. Raakhee has won several awards including two National Film Awards and three Filmfare Awards. In 2003, she received Padma Shri, India's fourth-highest civilian award.

Rakhine language

Rakhine also known as Arakanese, is a language of western Myanmar that is closely related to Burmese. Native to the Rakhine, Marma, it is spoken as a first language by one million people, and as a second language by a further million.
Veena Sood

Veena Sood (born 21 November), is a Canadian actress. Sood is best known for dramatic and comedic roles in a career spanning more than 3 decades.


Benerib

Benerib was a queen consort during the 1st dynasty of Egypt and the wife of Hor-Aha. "Benerib" means "sweetheart"
Benerib was married to the pharaoh Hor-Aha, but she was not the mother of his successor, Djer. The mother of King Djer is Khenthap, another wife of Hor-Aha. Benerib is believed to be the wife of Hor-Aha because items with his name were found in her tomb at Abydos. A piece of an ivory box with the names of Hor-Aha and Benerib was also discovered at Abydos and is now in the Boston Museum of Fine Arts.

Egyptologist John Romer suggested that Benerib’s name, which can mean “sweetheart” or “one who is pleasant at heart”, might not be a name at all but rather a title or description for a person whose gender is also uncertain from the name. Benerib’s titles are unknown, and also the identity of her parents. 

Benerib was buried at Umm el-Qa'ab in tomb B14.

Khenthap

Khenthap, also known as Khenet-Hapi, is believed to have been a queen consort during the 1st dynasty. She is thought to have lived during the 1st Dynasty. Not much is known about her because there are no historical records of her from her time. Her name only appears once in a writing that is much later after the 1st dynasty.
There is a lot of debate about who Khenthap was. When Egyptologists look at the old things that were written down and saved, like on special stones, there is no mention of her name. But there is one stone called the Palermo stone that has her name on it. This stone lists all the kings starting with Narmer (1st dynasty) until Neferirkare (6th dynasty). It also tells who the mother of each king was. On this stone, Khenthap’s name is written, but it doesn’t say anything else about her, it just says that she was the mother of Djer.

Khenthap who was described as the mother of King Djer.There are different theories about her relationship to other kings. Joyce Tyldesley believes she was the wife of King Hor-Aha and that her grandson was King Djet. Silke Roth, on the other hand, thinks that Khenthap was the wife of King Teti I. This king is mentioned in historical records as ruling for only 1 year and 45 days.

Khenthap’s name means “musician of (god) Hapi,” which suggests she may have had a religious role in her lifetime. Her name is connected to a god and may link to the king’s title “bull of his mother.”

Ranjana Desai

Ranjana Prakash Desai (born 30 October 1949) is a former judge of the Supreme Court of India and the head of the Delimitation Commission of India.

Gopala Gopala (2015 movie)

Gopala Gopala is a 2015 Indian Telugu-language satirical comedy drama film directed by Kishore Kumar Pardasani. The is produced by D. Suresh Babu and Sharrath Marar under the Suresh Productions and North Star Entertainment banners. It stars Venkatesh, Pawan Kalyan, Shriya Saran, and Mithun Chakraborty while Ashish Vidyarthi and Posani Krishna Murali play supporting roles. The film is a remake of the 2012 Hindi film "OMG – Oh My God!" which was itself based on the Gujarati stage play "Kanji Viruddh Kanji" which is in turn inspired from 2001 film "The Man Who Sued God".

Rameshwar Wadi

Rameshwar also known as Rameshwar Wadi is a small town located on the coast of Sindhudurg District of Maharashtra on the west coast of India. A very old Shri Dev Rameshwar Temple is located in this town which is dedicated to the Hindu deity Shiva.

Ramana Maharshi

Ramana Maharshi (; 30 December 1879 – 14 April 1950) was an Indian Hindu sage and "jivanmukta" (liberated being). He was born Venkataraman Iyer, but is mostly known by the name Bhagavan Sri Ramana Maharshi.

QV60

QV60 tomb in Valley of the Queens belongs to Nebettawy, who was the daughter and Great Wife of Ramesses II. Some important people like Champollion and Lepsius talked about this tomb. Later, a person named Ernesto Schiaparelli, who was in charge of the Egyptian Museum in Turin, dug up this tomb.

During the Coptic period, the tomb was changed into a chapel. 

In the first room, there are pictures of 41 judges on the left wall, each with a feather on their head. Nebettawy is shown giving a statue to a seated figure wearing two feathers on their head. In the second room, Nebettawy is shown in front of Horus and she has very important titles there: The Osiris, the King's Daughter, Great Royal Wife, Lady of the Two Lands, Mistress of Upper and Lower Egypt.

In one of the scenes, Queen Nebettawy wears a very special headdress. It has a vulture crown with a uraeus, topped by a modius and supporting several flowers. This specific headdress is only seen on Queen Nebettawy, Queen Isis (QV51 - during the time of Ramesses III-Ramesses IV), and Queen Tyti (QV52 – 20th dynasty). A previous version of this crown was worn by Princess-Queen Sitamun, who was the daughter-wife of Amenhotep III.

Square of Ukrainian Heroes

Square of Ukrainian Heroes (), is a city square in Kyiv, Ukraine formed by a triangle shaped intersection of three streets: Velyka Vasylkivska, Hetmana Pavla Skoropadskoho and Yevhena Chykalenka. The square gives its name to the Square of Ukrainian Heroes station, of the Kyiv Metro.

Meenakshi Chaudhary

Meenakshii Chaudhary is an Indian actress, model and beauty pageant titleholder who works in Telugu and Tamil films. She represented the state of Haryana at the Femina Miss India 2018 pageant, where she was crowned as Femina Miss India Grand International 2018. Chaudhary represented India at and was crowned as the 1st runner up. She made her lead film debut with the Telugu film "Ichata Vahanamulu Niluparadu" in 2021.


Lovisa (company)

Lovisa Holdings Limited is an Australian jewellery chain founded in Sydney in April 2010. This fast fashion jewellery brand was launched by Australian billionaire Brett Blundy, the former chairman of BB Retail Capital (BBRC).

Laxmi Narayan Tripathi

Laxmi Narayan Tripathi (known as Laxmi, sometimes transliterated as Lakshmi) is a transgender/Hijra rights activist, bollywood actress, Bharatanatyam dancer, choreographer and motivational speaker in Mumbai, India. She is also the Acharya Mahamandaleshwar of kinnar akhada. She was born in Malti Bai Hospital on 13th Dec 1978 in Thane. She is the first transgender person to represent Asia Pacific in the UN in 2008.

Vaalu

Vaalu is a 2015 Indian Tamil-language romantic action comedy film written and directed by debutante Vijay Chandar. The film stars Silambarasan and Hansika Motwani, with Santhanam, VTV Ganesh and Brahmanandam portraying supporting roles. The film was produced by S. S. Chakravarthy under the banner NIC Arts. S. Thaman composed the music while Sakthi and T. S. Suresh handled the cinematography and editing respectively.

Salima Sultan Begum

Salima Sultan Begum (23 February 1539 – 2 January 1613) was the third wife and chief consort of the Mughal emperor Akbar, and the granddaughter of Babur.

Salima was the daughter of Akbar's paternal aunt, Gulrukh Begum, and her husband, the Viceroy of Kannauj, Nuruddin Muhammad Mirza. She was promised in marriage to Akbar's regent, Bairam Khan, by her maternal uncle, Humayun. This was probably a reward for the services done by Bairam for Humayun. She was about forty years younger than Bairam. They were married in 1557 after Akbar had succeeded Humayun as the third Mughal emperor. There were no children. The marriage lasted for only three years. Bairam Khan was assassinated by a band of Afghans in 1561. After his death, Salima was married to her first cousin, Akbar. She had no children, but she raised the second son of Akbar, Murad Mirza for the first few years.

Salima was a senior-ranking wife of Akbar and had much influence over her husband and his son, Jahangir. As stated by Henry Beveridge, she was in charge of the Muslim harem of Akbar. She wielded major political influence in the Mughal court during her husband's reign as well as during Jahangir's reign. Her name, however, appears in the histories as a reader, poet, who wrote under the pseudonym of "Makhfi" (lit. 'Hidden One') and as pleading with Akbar for Jahangir's forgiveness. She was known as the "Khadija-uz-Zamani" (lit. 'Khadija of the Age') for her wisdom.

Used to Be Young

"Used to Be Young" is a song by American singer Miley Cyrus. It was released on August 25, 2023, by Columbia Records, after the broadcast of the ABC documentary concert special "" the day before, and appears on the digital edition of Cyrus's eighth studio album "Endless Summer Vacation" (2023) as the fourth single. The song was written by Cyrus alongside Aldae and Michael Pollack, with the singer, Pollack, and Shawn Everett handling production.

Chinampa

Chinampas is a way of growing crops that originated in Mesoamerica. It is done by making small areas of fertile land on the shallow lake beds in the Valley of Mexico.

The United Nations made it a Globally Important Agricultural Heritage System in 2018.

Philippe-Antoine Merlin de Douai

Philippe-Antoine Merlin, known as Merlin de Douai (30 October 1754 – 26 December 1838) was a French politician and lawyer. He was the 21st President of the National Convention from 3 to 18 August 1794.

Antoine Christophe Merlin

Antoine Christophe Merlin (13 September 1762 in Thionville, Moselle – September 1833 in Paris) was a member of several legislative bodies during the era of the French Revolution. He is usually called Merlin de Thionville (Merlin of Thionville) to distinguish him from Philippe-Antoine Merlin de Douai.

André Antoine Bernard

André Antoine Bernard (21 June 1751 – 19 October 1818) called Bernard de Saintes, was a French lawyer and revolutionary, one of the Jacobins responsible for the Reign of Terror in the French Revolution.

André Dumont

André Dumont (24 May 1764 at Oisemont – 19 October 1838 at Abbeville), was a French parliamentarian, a regicide, and a deputy of the National Convention, President of the National convention.

Jean-Jacques-Régis de Cambacérès

Jean-Jacques-Régis de Cambacérès, Duke of Parma ( 18 October 1753 – 8 March 1824), was a French nobleman, lawyer, freemason and statesman during the French Revolution and the First Empire. He is best remembered as one of the authors of the Napoleonic Code.

The Square (1994 movie)

The Square is a film directed by Stephen Speilberg about the 1989 Tinamen Square.

Lucas Hourenbout

Lucas Hourenbout, often called Hornebolte in England (1490/1495–1544), was a Flemish artist that worked for King Henry VIII from 1525 until his death.

Pierre Louis Prieur

Pierre Louis Prieur (Prieur de la Marne) (1 August 1756 – 31 May 1827) was a French lawyer elected to the Estates-General of 1789. During the French Revolution he served as a deputy to the National Convention and held membership in the Committee of Public Safety.

Louis Legendre

Louis Legendre (22 May 1752 – 13 December 1797) was a French politician of the Revolution period.

List of South African singers

List of South African singers is full of many artist that are from South Africa.

South African music is mixed with genres such as Afro-beats ,Kwaito, R&B, House music, Hip-hop and Pop.


YouTube Vanced

YouTube Vanced (or just Vanced, but it used to be iYTBP) was a change of the YouTube application for Android that had an ad blocker made by people who are not with google. Other qualities of the app included , being able to play audio in the background, free picture-in-picture (PiP), an AMOLED black theme, the ability to swipe to change the brightness and loudness, and inclusion of the Return YouTube Dislike browser plug-in. YouTube Music and MicroG were also changed to have these qualities.

The name "Vanced" comes from the word "advanced" with the word "ad" taken out, talking about the app getting rid of ads.

On March 13, 2022, the makers of YouTube Vanced stated that they would stop making the app after they got a cease and desist letter from Google, which made them stop making Vanced. The app still worked for people who still had it until late April 2023, when the video player of YouTube Vanced was broken. After the app stopped being made, people began moving to apps that are like Vanced (like ReVanced).

YouTube Vanced and other changed apps by Vanced Team were gotten through the Vanced Manager using already made files. People who had rooted their phone could get the app and have it seen by the phone as the phone's old YouTube app.

Vanced let people use multiple of the qualities of YouTube Premium for free, like the picture-in-picture mode (which let videos be watched in a floating window), ad block (which got rid of ads in the app), and background play (which let videos be played as sound in the background).

Vanced let people use other qualities, like SponsorBlock (which skips sponsor parts inside videos), forced HDR mode along with the VP9 codec, biggest screen size replacement, the ability to swipe the screen to change brightness and loudness, pinch-to-zoom being turned on on all phones, the choice to repeat videos after getting done with them, keeping video quality and speed preferences between videos, the dislike counter being turned back on on videos, and being able to log in using a changed microG.

The changes in June 2021 gave a new logo as well as fixing glitches with the SponsorBlock and the log in.


Pseudophilautus karunarathnai

Karunarathna’s shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus karunarathnai") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 700 and 1450 meters above sea level near Sripada Peak.

The adult male frog is 16.2 – 16.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 19.2 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is the color of cream with darker brown marks. There is a cross-shaped mark between the eyes and a smaller one near the nose. There is a sideways stripe on the back. The back legs are cream in color. The belly is dull white in color with marks. The webbed skin is dark brown in color.

People have seen this frog sitting in shrubs as high as 1.5 meters above the ground in rainforests and sometimes people's gardens. There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Scientists named this frog after Y.G.P. Karunarathna, of Sri Lanka's Department of Wildlife Conservation.

Social security in the United Kingdom

The English Poor Law system was set up in the Tudor period. Monasteries had given a lot of support to the poor but they were closed. Beggars were sent back to their homes. Workhouses were set up by the parishes for people who could not earn money and they were given work to do. They were paid for by a local tax on the property of the richest people in the parish.
Pensions were introduced for poor people over 70 in 1908. The National Insurance Act was passed in 1911. This introduced National Insurance Contributions, which gave free medical treatment to working men, sick pay of 10 shillings a week for 26 weeks and 30 shillings Maternity Grant. Unemployed workers could get 7 shillings per week for up to 15 weeks in a year.

The Beveridge Report of 1942 proposed a big expansion of this system and Clement Attlee's government passed laws to make it happen. The National Insurance Act 1946 included sickness and unemployment benefits. This was popular and the Conservative Party (UK) continued it. Married women were expected to rely on their husbands for support. They were not entitled to the same benefits as men. There were widows benefits for women whose husbands died but no benefits for men whose wives died. 

National Assistance was the main means tested benefit from 1948 to 1966. Then Supplementary Benefit was introduced, and the legal rules were published. People could go to court about it. It was replaced by Income Support in 1988. Help with the cost of rent came from Housing Benefit. From 2013 Universal Credit began to replace all the means tested benefits. 

In 1970 new benefits for disabled people were introduced: Attendance Allowance and Mobility Allowance. In 1976 Invalid Care Allowance was introduced, but married women could not claim it. Spending on disability benefits rose from 0.1% of GDP in 1980-81 to 0.7% of GDP in 2020-21. The number of people getting disability benefits went up from 1.2 million in 1997 to 2.5 million in 2021-22.

Around 2000 there were changes designed to end the discrimination against women. Women's benefits no longer depended on their husbands National Insurance contributions. The state pension age was set at 60 for women, and 65 for men in 1948. At that time most men did not live to claim their pension for long. Women lived on average about 5 years longer than men. In 1995 the law was changed so that the women's pension age would be made equal with men. After 2007 the age people could claim a pension was gradually raised because life expectancy had improved. On average men lived to be more than 80 and women about 84.

In the winter cost-of-living payments are made. A £10 Christmas bonus for pensioners and many other claimants was started in 1972 and has never been increased. Most people on means-tested benefits get £900 paid in three instalments. Pensioners get £300. People on disability benefits get an extra £150.

The Child Poverty Action Group produces books about the British social security system every year. They explain people's rights.

Jean-François Reubell

Jean-François Reubell ( or Rewbell (6 October 1747 – 24 November 1807) was a French diplomat, and politician of the Revolution.

Sindhic languages

The Sindhic languages are Indo-Aryan dialects or languages derived from Sindhi language.

Sindhic Languages:


Étienne-François Le Tourneur

Étienne-François-Louis-Honoré Letourneur, Le Tourneur, or Le Tourneur de la Manche (15 March 1751 – 4 October 1817) was a French lawyer, soldier, and politician of the French Revolution.

Stanislas Joseph François Xavier Rovère

Jooseph Stanislas François Xavier Alexis Rovère de Fontvielle (born 16 July 1748 in Bonnieux ( Vaucluse ), died 11 September 1798 in Sinnamary, French Guiana, was a general and politician of the French Revolution.

Paul Barras

Paul François Jean Nicolas, Vicomte de Barras( 30 June 1755 – 29 January 1829), commonly known as Paul Barras, was a French politician of the French Revolution, and the main executive leader of the Directory regime of 1795–1799.

François Louis Bourdon

François Louis Bourdon (11 January 1758 – 22 June 1798), also known as Bourdon de l'Oise, was a French politician of the Revolutionary period.

Antoine Claire Thibaudeau

Antoine Claire, Comte Thibaudeau (23 March 1765 – 8 March 1854) was a French politician.

Uttam Rai

Uttam Rai (born 20 December 1996) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a forward. He previously appeared with both the Nepali Martyr's Memorial A-Division League clubs Friends Kopundole and Sankata Boys.

Gagandeep Singh Bedi

Gagandeep Singh Bedi (Hindi: गगनदीप सिंह बेदी, born 9 September 1968) is an Indian civil servant, currently serving as the Additional Chief Secretary (Health and Family Welfare Department) to the Government of Tamil Nadu in India. He is known for his crisis management and relief work at Cuddalore during the Tsunami in December 2004, floods in 2005 and 2015, Okhi cyclone in Kanyakumari, Gaja Cyclone in Nagapattinam in 2017 and the restoration of peace in the aftermath of Thoothukudi violence in May 2018.

Nina Conti

Nina Margarita Conti (born 25 August 1973) is a British actress, comedian, and ventriloquist.


Lakshmi (actress)

Yaragudipadi Venkata Mahalakshmi (born 13 December 1952), known professionally as Lakshmi, is an Indian actress known for her works primarily in the southern film industry


Sindhi Bhils

The Sindhi Bhil or Bheel (Sindhi: سنڌي ڀيل) are a Sindhi sub-group of the Bhil people of Indian subcontinent. They speak Bhili dialect of Sindhi language. They live in the Sindh, South Punjab, and Balocistan provinces of Pakistan. They are one of major Hindu community in the region, though some are Muslims as well.

Sleeve tattoo

A sleeve tattoo or tattoo sleeve is a large tattoo or collection of smaller tattoos that covers most or all of a person's arm. There is a difference between an arm covered in tattoos and a sleeve tattoo

Raman Raghav 2.0

Raman Raghav 2.0 (released internationally as Psycho Raman) is a 2016 Indian neo-noir psychological thriller film directed by Anurag Kashyap. Produced by Kashyap, Vikramaditya Motwane, Vikas Bahl, and Madhu Mantena, the film stars Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Vicky Kaushal, and debutante Sobhita Dhulipala. 

Shivani Surve

Shivani Surve is an Indian actress known for working in television and films both in Hindi and Marathi. She made her acting debut with "Navya..Naye Dhadkan Naye Sawaal" playing Nimisha and is best known for her role of Vividha in Star Plus's show "Jaana Na Dil Se Door".

Gangarampur

Gangarampur is one of the cities and a municipality in Dakshin Dinajpur district in the state of West Bengal, India. Buniadpur is the headquarters of the Gangarampur subdivision.

Lakshan Sandakan

Paththamperuma Arachchige Don Lakshan Rangika Sandakan, commonly known as Lakshan Sandakan (born 10 June 1991), is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer who plays for the national team in all three formats of the game. He is a past pupil of De Mazenod College, Kandana.

Neha Ratnakaran

Neha Ratnakaran is an Indian actress and model. She participated in Miss Malabar 2013 and was crowned 1st runner up.

Kaylee Hottle

Kaylee Hottle (May 1, 2012), is a deaf American actress, known for her role of "Jia Andrews" in the Legendary's MonsterVerse films "Godzilla vs. Kong" (2021) and the upcoming film "Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire" (2024).

Hottle was born in Atlanta, Georgia and comes from an exclusively deaf family, spanning four generations of deaf relatives on her father's side. Her native fluency in American Sign Language has afforded her opportunities to perform in commercials such as the "Glide" and "Mother's Day" spots. She also appeared in "10 Deaf Childrens: A Powerful Message".

Hottle has appeared in, among other things, the film "Godzilla vs. Kong" (2021) as Jia, a deaf girl native to Skull Island. She also appeared in the television series "Magnum .P.I.". Her next project, "Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire" will release in 2024, where she will reprise the role of Jia.


Omni-Man

Nolan, better known as Nolan Grayson or his hero mantle Omni-Man, is the deuteragonist of the Image Comics series "Invincible". He is an alien from the planet Viltrum, and became the father of Mark Grayson, who would become the superhero Invincible. He was revealed to be a villain upon slaughtering the Guardians of the Globe, but redeemed himself for the sake of his family and to protect the Earth from the Viltrum Empire.

The character was created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Cory Walker (with Ryan Ottley) as an expansion of a character concept created by Alan Moore and Chris Sprouse. 

In the "Invincible" television series, Omni-Man is voiced by J. K. Simmons.

Invincible (character)

Markus Sebastian "Mark" Grayson, better known by his heroic mantle Invincible, is the titular main protagonist of the Image Comics series "Invincible" and the animated TV series.

He is a young man new to the superhero scene, but enthusiastic about doing good in the world. He gained his powers during his senior year in high school and decided to become a superhero like his father, Omni-Man. He is the first half-human and half-Viltrumite hybrid of his generation who spends most of his time protecting innocents and later became a father himself.

Despite all of the suffering he has faced during his tenure as a superhero, Mark would persevere and save the world and galaxy from threats.

He was created by Robert Kirkman and Cory Walker, and first appeared in "Invincible #1" in January of 2003.

Atacama skeleton

The Atacama skeleton (died late 1970's), commonly named Ata, was the skeletonized body probably belonging to a unborn infant found in 2003 in the ghost town of La Norie, Chile. The infant had died more than 20 years prior to it's discovery in 2003. The body had a unusual short size, shape, and height, and was once thought to have belonged to a extraterrestrial.
DNA analysis done on the body in 2018 found there were unusual mutations on the body. The height of the skeleton was only 6 inches (15 cm). The remains were discovered by Oscar Munoz, who later sold them to another owner. The current owner now is Ramón Navia-Osorio, a Spanish businessman.
Mitch Dielemans

Mitch Dielemans (born 6 January 1993) is a Dutch archer. Dielemans competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Sjan van Dijk

Sjan van Dijk (born 4 February 1964) is a Dutch archer. Van Dijk competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Jo van Gastel

Johannes Jacobus van Gastel (5 January 1887 – 5 March 1969) was an archer from the Netherlands. Van Gastel competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Invincible (TV series)

Invincible is an adult animated superhero series that revolves around 17-year-old Mark Grayson (Steven Yeun), who’s just like every other guy his age — except his father is the most powerful superhero on the planet, Omni-Man (J. K. Simmons). But as Mark develops powers of his own, he discovers his father’s legacy may not be as heroic as it seems.

Unlike many other superhero stories, "Invincible" is a complete tale. It offers character progression, and plots that get resolved. Sure, there are all the explosives you'd expect when someone dons a super suit, but don't expect for each episode to hit the reset button. The events of the earlier episode truly matter to those that come later.

The series is based on the Skybound/Image Comics title of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Cory Walker and Ryan Ottley. "Invincible" is an Amazon Original series which debuted on Amazon Prime March 26, 2021.

"Invincible" is back for Season 2 with new episodes every Friday.

RCA Red Seal Records

RCA Red Seal is a classical music label whose origin dates to 1902 and is currently owned by Sony Music Entertainment.


Sufian Tayeh

Sufian Abdel Rahman Othman Tayeh simply known as Sufian Tayeh (Arabic: سفيان تايه) (20 August, 1971 - 2 December, 2023) was a Palestinian physics professor and lecturer. He also served as the President of the Islamic University of Gaza from August 2023 until his death along with his family in December 2023 by an Israeli airstrike.


I Knew I Loved You

"I Knew I Loved You" is a 1999 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and is the second single from their second studio album "Affirmation". It topped the single charts in Canada, Romania and the United States. It went to number 3 in New Zealand and Sweden, number 4 in Australia, number 5 in the Czech Republic, number 9 in Belgium, number 10 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Denmark and Italy and number 15 in Iceland. It was covered by country singer Daryle Singletary in 2000 for his compilation album "Now and Again" and went to number 55 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart.





The Best Thing (Savage Garden song)

"The Best Thing" is a 2001 song by Australian pop duo Savage Garden. It is the seventh and final single from their second studio album "Affirmation". It went to number 35 in the United Kingdom and number 30 in Scotland.

CD single

Cassette

Single CD

Maxi-CD

Frost Bank Center

Frost Bank Center is an multi-use arena located in San Antonio, Texas that serves as the home for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The San Antonio Silver Stars/Stars of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) played in the arena from 2003 until 2014, and again from 2016 until 2017. The San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League (AHL) played from 2002 until 2020.

They first started to build the stadium on August 24, 2000. The arena opened on October 18, 2002 and the Spurs had their first game in the arena on November 1, 2002. In their first game, they defeated the Toronto Raptors 91–72. 

When it opened, SBC Communications, Inc. bought the naming rights for the arena in a 20-year, $41 million deal and would name the arena SBC Center. On December 30, 2005, the company changed it's name to AT&T Inc. and the company would decide to change the name of the arena to the AT&T Center on October 28, 2005. On August 3, 2023, Frost Bank purchased the naming rights for the arena and renamed it to the Frost Bank Center.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including Royal Rumble in 2007, TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs in , Vengeance in 2011, and Hell in a Cell in 2018. All Elite Wrestling (AEW) have also hosted an episode of their weekly television show "Collision" on December 23, 2023.

Johannes van Gastel

Johannes van Gastel (10 September 1853 –11 October 1928) was an archer from the Netherlands. Van Gastel competed at the 1900 Summer Olympics.

Tiest van Gestel

Jan Baptist Jozef "Tiest" van Gestel (29 March 1881 – 9 February 1969) was an archer from the Netherlands. Van Gestel competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Carry van Gool-Floris

Catharina Cornelia Adriana Maria "Carry" van Gool-Floris (born 19 September 1953) is a Dutch retired archer. Van Gool-Floris competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Debbie Does Dallas

Debbie Does Dallas is a 1978 American pornographic movie. It was both directed and produced by Jim Clark. "Debbie Does Dallas" was released on November 19, 1978.

There was a copyright battle when the movie was released. M & A Associates held rights and wanted to distribute it through VCX. They didn't want people to illegally copy the movie. They were unable to get the copyright protection or register with the United States Copyright Office (USCO). There would be a cease-and-desist filed by M & A against VCX and the USCO but the judge ruled in favor of VCX and the USCO. This meant that the movie would enter the public domain in the United States.

The movie was very popular and sold around 50,000 VHS tapes. "Debbie Does Dallas" is one of the most well known pornographic movies of all time. It was released in the time period known as the "Golden Age of Porn" which was from 1969 until 1984. The movie has had many different sequels made of it.

The movie is about cheerleaders that want to help send Debbie (Bambi Woods) to Texas so she can try and make the "Texas Cowgirls" cheerleading squad. Debbie and her friends all take part-time jobs to try and raise money for the trip. After a while, they all end up having sex for money. In the end, Debbie wears a Texas Cowgirls cheerleading outfit and has sex with a store owner that is dressed like Joe Namath.


2009–10 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2009-10 Red Bull Salzburg season brought the 6th title for Salzburg and the 3rd since the Red Bull takeover. 

The Scorpion and the Frog

The Scorpion and the Frog is a fable. "The Scorpion and the Frog" was first found in Lev Nitoburg's 1933 novel "The German Quarter".

The fable is about a scorpion who wants to get across a river. The scorpion sees a frog and asks the frog if he can carry him across. The frog is worried about this because he doesn't want to be stung. The scorpion then assures the frog that he would not sting him because that would result in the death of both of them. The frog then agrees and helps the scorpion across the river. When they are halfway across the river, the scorpion decides to sting the frog. The frog asks why and the scorpion responds that couldn't resist because it was in his nature.

A common belief of the moral of the fable is that even if it is against their own interests, a violent person will hurt others anyways because they can't help it.

Democracy and Progress Party

The Democracy and Progress Party (, DEVA) is a Turkish political party founded on 9 March 2020 under the leadership of Ali Babacan, a former economy minister under the AKP. The official abbreviation is "DEVA" ("Remedy" in Turkish) according to the party records. The party's logo is a water droplet, inside a silhouette of sapling.

List of people who have served as the chairman of the Democracy and Progress Party, which was opened on March 9, 2020:


Arabia Rizek

Hassan Muhammad (born May 29, 1957), also known as Arabia Rizek, is an Egyptian-American DJ, rapper, and producer. He is one of the founders of breakbeat DJing. His first single "Push Me Up" (1981) reached number 48 on the U.S. pop albums chart.

Rizek was born in Cairo, Egypt, he moved to the South Bronx, New York, with his family in 1968

Marwan Pablo

Marwan Pablo or Marwan Ahmed Motawea (born May 24, 1995), previously known as Dama, is an Egyptian rapper and hip-hop artist from Cairo. He was influenced by the genre of Hip Hop. He is best known for "Free", "Ghaba", "El Gemeza", "Sindbad", "Barbary" and more.

Nitish Jain

Nitish Jain (born 15 February 1961) is an Indian educationist, philanthropist, and President of S P Jain School of Global Management (S P Jain), a global business school that has campuses in Dubai, Singapore, Sydney and Mumbai. and developing a proprietorial software for the delivery of online education.

Sathupalli

Sathupalli (also spelled as Sathupally, Sathupalle) is a town in Khammam district of the Indian state of Telangana. It is a Municipality in Sathupalli mandal of Kalluru revenue division. It is about east of Hyderabad, from Khammam and from Warangal. It is about north of Amaravati, the state capital of Andhra Pradesh, and west of Rajahmundry.

Rajvinder Kaur Gill

Rajvinder Kaur Gill (1971 – August 31, 2012) was a Canadian banker who disappeared in late August 2012, while on a trip to Pakistan.
According to the Pakistani newspaper "The Nation", Gill possessed over $5 million USD at the time of her disappearance.

Gorden Tallis

Gorden James Tallis (born 27 July 1973), also known by the nickname of "Raging Bull" for his on-field aggression, is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s and 2000s. A Queensland State of Origin and Australian international representative second-row forward, he captained both these teams as well as the Brisbane Broncos with whom he won the 1997, 1998 and 2000 Grand Finals, after starting his career with the St. George Dragons in Sydney. At the peak of his career Tallis was considered as the best forward in the world


Jishu Dasgupta

Jishu Dasgupta (3 September 1956 – 21 December 2012) was an Indian Bengali television director and actor.<ref name="http://hottrends.webdunia.com/post/detail/1497/Jishu-Dasgupta-passes-away"></ref> After suffering from cancer for nine months, he died on 21 December 2012 in a hospital in Kolkata.

Garry Anthony Fraser

Garry Anthony Fraser is a Scottish BAFTA-award winning film director and producer. He made his directorial debut with an autobiographical film titled "Everybody's Child", which explored his struggles with poverty and drug addiction.

Ravi Yerrigadoo

Ravi Yerrigadoo (born c. 1974) is a Mauritian politician.

Yerrigadoo is of Hindu descent. He was elected to the National Assembly in 2000 via the Best Loser System. Aged 26 at the time, Yerrigadoo was also named minister of Youth and Sports. He ran in the 2005 Mauritian local election.

Baljit Singh Saini

Baljit ("Baljeet") Singh Saini (born 12 August 1976 in Ropar, Punjab) is a field hockey defender and midfielder from India who made his international debut for the Men's National Team in 1995 during the Indira Gandhi Gold Cup. 


Rakesh Jhaveri

Rakesh Jhaveri(born 26 September 1966) also known as Pujya Gurudevshri Rakeshbhai and Pujya Gurudevshri Rakeshji, is a spiritual leader, mystic, scholar of Jainism, author and orator from India. Pujya Gurudevshri, Bhai, and ji are honorifics. He is credited in his books by this name. He is also addressed as Bapaji or Sahebji by his followers.

Spiritually inclined from a young age, he is a follower of Shrimad Rajchandra, a Jain spiritual teacher. He completed doctoral studies on Shrimad's work "Atmasiddhi". He founded Shrimad Rajchandra Mission, Dharampur which supports spiritual and social activities.

Lakshya Sen

Lakshya Sen (born 16 August 2001) is an Indian badminton player. Sen is a former world junior no. 1. He has won gold medals at the 2018 Asian Junior Championships in the boys' singles and at the Summer Youth Olympics in the mixed team event. He won the bronze medal at the 2021 World Championships and was runner-up at the 2022 All England Open. Sen was also a part of the Indian team which won the 2022 Thomas Cup. He also won the gold medal at the 2022 Commonwealth Games.

Jurmana (1979 movie)

Jurmana () is a 1979 Hindi romantic drama film. It was produced by Debesh Gosh and directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan, Raakhee, Vinod Mehra, Shreeram Lagoo, A. K. Hangal, Asrani, Farida Jalal, Keshto Mukherjee and Asit Sen. The lyrics were written by Anand Bakshi and the music was composed by R. D. Burman.

Seemaraja

Seemaraja is a 2018 Indian Tamil-language masala film written and directed by Ponram, marking his 3rd collaboration with Sivakarthikeyan, after Varuthapadatha Valibar Sangam and Rajinimurugan. The movie was produced by R. D. Raja.

François Antoine de Boissy d'Anglas

François-Antoine, Count of the Empire (1756–1826) was a French writer, lawyer and politician during the Revolution and the Empire.

Federal Protective Service (United States)

The Federal Protective Service is a federal law enforcement agency in the United States.

Blind (Korn song)

"Blind" is a song by Korn tmb from the 1993 demo Neidermeyer's Mind. It is one of the band's most famous songs. It reached number 15 on the Billboard charts.

Dvin (ancient city)

Dvin was a large commercial city and the capital of early medieval Armenia. It was situated north of the previous ancient capital of Armenia, the city of Artaxata, along the banks of the Metsamor River, 35 km to the south of modern Yerevan. The site of the ancient city is currently not much more than a large hill located between modern Hnaberd (just off the main road through Hnaberd) and Verin Dvin, Armenia. Excavations at Dvin since 1937 have produced a lot of materials, which have shed light on the Armenian culture of the 5th to the 13th centuries.

Pappelstadion

The Pappelstadion is a football stadium in the Austrian city of Mattersburg, Burgenland. It was the home ground of SV Mattersburg until the football club went bankrupt in 2020. It has a total capacity of 9,000 spectators. The Mattersburg Sportverein 2020 now uses the football stadium.
The Stadium was opened in 1952 as part of the club's 30th anniversary celebrations. The Austrian record champions SK Rapid Wien played the first match on the ground and won 9-3 versus SV Mattersburg. The multifunctional sports facility is embedded in a sports and leisure center. The numerous poplar trees that surround the area gave the stadium its name . It had also a cinder track. 

At the beginning of the 21st century the stadium was modernized in several renovation phases. Under chairman Martin Pucher the running track was removed and the large main stand and floodlights were built in 2001. On the occasion of promotion to the Bundesliga in 2003, two more uncovered stands were built. The stadium capacity was now 17,100 seats. After the SV Mattersburg left professional football, the stadium was reduced in size.

Castle in the Sky

Laputa: Castle in the Sky , released as Castle in the Sky in North America, is a 1986 Japanese animated fantasy adventure movie. It was written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki. It was produced by Isao Takahata, animated by Studio Ghibli, and distributed by the Toei Company. In voice acting roles, the original Japanese version stars Mayumi Tanaka, Keiko Yokozawa, Kotoe Hatsui, and Minori Terada.

Karin Schwartz

Karin Schwartz (born 23 August 1967) is a Danish taekwondo athlete. She won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the lightweight event. She was named to the Esbjerg City walk of fame.

At the European Taekwondo Championships she became European Champion in 1998 after winning bronze medals in 1988, 1992 and 1994. 

She founded the Esbjerg City Taekwondo Club.

Harsh Mayar

Harsh Mayar is an Indian actor working in Hindi Bollywood films. He won the National Film Award for Best Child Artist for his work in 2011 film "I Am Kalam".

Emmanuel Joseph Sieyès

Emmanuel Joseph Sieyès (3 May 1748 – 20 June 1836), usually known as the Abbé Sieyès was a French Roman Catholic "abbé", clergyman, and political writer who was the chief political theorist of the French Revolution(1789–1799); he also held offices in the governments of the French Consulate (1799–1804) and the First French Empire (1804–1815).

2048 (video game)

2048 is a single-player puzzle video game made by Italian website maker Gabriele Cirulli and put on GitHub. The main goal of the game is to slide tiles with numbers on a grid to add them to create a tile with the number 2048, but you can keep playing after you reach that number.

Gurjar clans

Gurjars or Gujjars, a tribe in South Asia, are divided in a large number of clans. They have as many as 1178 clans.

Théodore Vernier

Theodore Vernier (born 28 July 1731 at Lons-le-Saunier, Jura; died 3 February 1818 in Paris), Count of Montorient, son of Jean Baptiste Vernier, lawyer, and Claudine Leclerc, was a lawyer and "French" politician during the Revolution, the Directory and Consulate.

Jean-Denis Lanjuinais

Jean Denis, comte Lanjuinais (12 March 1753 – 13 January 1827), was a French politician, lawyer, jurist, journalist, and historian.

Jean-Baptiste Louvet de Couvray

Jean-Baptiste Louvet de Couvray (12 June 1760 – 25 August 1797) was a French novelist, playwright and journalist.

Louis Gustave le Doulcet, comte de Pontécoulant

Louis Gustave le Doulcet, comte de Pontécoulant (17 November 1764 – 3 April 1853) was a French politician. He was the father of Louis Adolphe le Doulcet and Philippe Gustave le Doulcet.

Louis Marie de La Révellière-Lépeaux

Louis Marie de La Révellière-Lépeaux (24 August 1753 – 24 March 1824) was a deputy to the National Convention during the French Revolution. He was later a prominent leader of the French Directory.

Magnus Chase and The Gods of Asgard

Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard is a trilogy of fantasy novels based on Norse mythology written by American author Rick Riordan and published by Disney-Hyperion. It is set in the same universe as the "Camp Half-Blood Chronicles" and "The Kane Chronicles" series. The first book, "The Sword of Summer", was released on October 6, 2015. The second book, "The Hammer of Thor", was released on October 4, 2016. "The Ship of the Dead", the third book, was released on October 3, 2017.

The main protagonist, Magnus Chase, son of the Vanir god of fertility Frey, narrates the novel in first person. He is a cousin of Annabeth Chase, a main character of the "Percy Jackson and the Olympians" and "The Heroes of Olympus" series, who links the two series together.

Pierre Claude François Daunou

Pierre Claude François Daunou (18 August 1761 – 20 June 1840) was a French statesman of the French Revolution.

Marie-Joseph Chénier

Marie-Joseph Blaise de Chénier (11 February 1764 – 10 January 1811) was a French poet, dramatist and politician of French and Greek origin.

Théophile Berlier

Théophile Berlier (1 February 1761 in Dijon – 12 September 1844 in Dijon) was a French jurist and politician, who was a member of the National Convention from 1792 until 1795.

Pierre Charles Louis Baudin

Pierre Charles Louis Baudin, born 18 December 1748 in Sedan, Ardennes and died 14 October 1799 in Paris, was a French revolutionary and politician. He is the father of the admiral and explorer Charles Baudin.

Baisoya

Baisoya or Basoya is a clan of Hindu Gurjars of northern India. The clan is mainly made up of Hindus but there are also some Muslims in Jammu and Kashmir. 

There are many villages of Baisoya Gujjars in Rajasthan, Haryana, Indian Punjab (Amritsar), Himachal Pradesh, Dehli and Madhya Pradesh.

James Cowles Prichard

James Cowles Prichard was a British doctor and psychiatrist. He was the first person to use the phrase “senile dementia.”

Prichard was born in 1786. His parents were Quakers. His father wanted him to work on iron but he decided to become a doctor instead. Prichard wrote a book called “Researches into the Physical History of Man”. In 1845, he was put in charge of several Insane asylums as a “Commissioner of lunacy.” Three years later, he died. 

Pritchard came up with the theory of Moral Insanity which said that there were some people who were sane but had no conscience. He called these people “morally insane”. 
FSA

FSA may refer to:


Julius Ludwig August Koch

Julius Ludwig August Koch was a German psychiatrist. He was born in 1841. His father ran an Insane Asylum. Koch became a chemist and then a doctor. Koch wanted to make Immanuel Kant’s ideas work with Christianity. Koch said philosophers criticizing Christianity was dangerous. He said the human mind was G-d giving humans Freedom.

Koch said that there were two types of criminals. Normal ones without any Mental disorder and Psychopaths. He also said that a lot of psychopaths weren’t the kind of people who would be found not guilty with the Insanity Defence because a lot of them were not technically insane. He still said that that people should want to helps Psychopaths get better instead of trying to punish them.

Koch said that there were Psychopaths who were born Psychopaths called “congenital Psychopaths” and that there were Psychopaths who weren’t Psychopaths when they were born but later became Psychopaths called “Acquired psychopaths”. Koch also said that Psychopaths didn’t have any hallucinations but that some of them had Moral Insanity. Koch said there were two types of Psychopathy called “Psychopathic disposition” and “Psychopathic degeneration”.

Kendujhar

Kendujhar also known as keonjhar is a town with municipality in Kendujhar District in the Indian state of Odisha. It is the administrative headquarters of the Kendujhar district. It is one of the fifth scheduled areas of Odisha. 

Mohan charan Majhi of BJP is the current MLA from Keonjhar assembly constituency. Mohan Charan Majhi won assembly elections in both 2004 and 2000. Earlier MLAs from this seat were Jogendra Naik of BJP (1995), C. Majhi of JD (1990), Chhotaray Majhi of JNP (1985), Jogendra Naik of INC(I) in 1980 and Kumar Majhi of JNP (1977).

Present MP from Keonjhar (Lok Sabha constituency) is Chandrani Murmu of BJD.

Some images of keonjhar.


Pseudophilautus dayawansai

Dayawansa's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus dayawansai") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sripada Peak in the Peak Wilderness, 1679 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 24.5 – 26.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 30.1 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is brown in color with darker brown marks. There is a light brown mark on the back in the shape of a triangle. There are black-brown spots. The legs are dark brown with some dar red color.

People have seen this frog sitting in shrubs as high as 2 meters above the ground in cloud forests. Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", they hatch from eggs as small frogs and never swim as tadpoles.

Scientists named this frog after Nihal Dayawansa, of the University of Colombo.

Girolamo Luigi Durazzo

Girolamo Luigi Durazzo (Genoa, May 20, 1739 - Genoa, January 21, 1809) was an Italian politician, belonging to the noble Genoese family of the Durres, a dynasty that gave the Republic of Genoa eight dogi and other illustrious characters.

Ahrar al-Sham

Ahrar al-Sham is a group based in with multiple sub groups to fight against the government of Syria and fight against in the . The group's goals is to form a based on law. The group was originally a part of the Syrian Islamic Front from 2013-2016 but later split due to the becoming defunct. The group has alleged ties to Jabhat Al-Nusra and Al-Qaeda. The group pledged allegiance to Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham on the 8th of November 2021 but decided to remain a seperate group from Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham to prevent Ahrar al-Sham being designated a terrorist group.

The group's ideology is based off of a mix of nationalism, Salafi jihadism, and secularism. However some factions inside of Ahrar al-Sham are more secular or more Salafist depending on their views according to researcher Sam Heller. The group has issued condolences to Mullah Omar, the founder of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan after his death. 

We are Ahrar al-Sham (remix) released on the 21st of May 2023.

Woe upon you released on the 10th of September 2014.

God is great released on the 14th of October 2014.

We are Ahrar al-Sham released on the 18th of January 2019.

Call to Action released on the 26th of January 2020.

Self sacrificers (Fedayeen) released on the 6th of June 2022.

Tighten the Rows released on the 15th of June 2020.

To the Russians who have come to my homeland released on the 26th of September 2020.

Ahrar Elites released on the 27th of June 2022.

Ron van der Hoff

Ron Luitjen Lucia van der Hoff (born 26 March 1978) is an archer from the Netherlands. Van der Hoff competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Janus van Merrienboer

Adrianus "Janus" van Merrienboer (8 October 1894 – 12 October 1947) was an archer from the Netherlands. Van Merrienboer competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Joep Packbiers

Jan Joseph "Joep" Packbiers (19 January 1875 – 8 December 1957) was an archer from the Netherlands. Packbiers competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Jacqueline van Rozendaal-van Gerven

Jacqueline van Rozendaal-van Gerven (born 20 February 1964) is a Dutch archer. Rozendaal-van Gerven competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Anita Smits

Adriana Gerarda Antonia Maria (Anita) Smits (born 22 May 1967) is a retired archer from the Netherlands. Smits competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Takes a Little Time (Amy Grant song)

"Takes a Little Time" is a 1997 song by christian singer Amy Grant and was released as a maxi-single and taken from her 12th studio album "Behind the Eyes". It went to number 21 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay charts and number 14 in Canada.



Janus Theeuwes

Adrianus "Janus" Cornelis Theeuwes (4 April 1886 – 7 August 1975) was an archer from the Netherlands. Theeuwes competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Rick van der Ven

Rick van der Ven (born 14 April 1991) is a Dutch archer. Van der Ven competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Christel Verstegen

Christel Verstegen (born 27 March 1973) is a Dutch archer. Verstegen competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.

List of Czech Republic Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Czech Republic Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Czech Republic after debuting against Austria in August 2019.

"Statistics are correct as of 11 June 2023."

List of poets from Oceania

This is a list of poets from Oceania.





Other countries in Oceania, has famous poets.

Fanny (Be Tender with My Love)

"Fanny (Be Tender with My Love)" is a 1976 song written by Bee Gees and is the third single from their 13th studio album "Main Course". It went to number 12 in the United States, number 2 in Canada, number 7 in New Zealand, number 61 in Australia and number 29 in Belgium.

Rajesh Gopinathan

Rajesh Gopinathan (born 1971) is the former CEO and Managing Director of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), an Indian IT services and consulting organization and one of the country's largest employers. He was elevated to the role of Chief Executive in February 2017 after serving as the Chief Financial Officer since 2013. Rajesh is one of the youngest CEOs in the Tata Group.

Lakshay Thareja

Lakshay Thareja is an Indian cricketer. He made his List A debut for Delhi in the 2018–19 Vijay Hazare Trophy on 8 October 2018.

Ravi Sinha

Ravi Sinha is an Indian Police Service officer currently serving as the secretary of the Research and Analysis Wing of India.

Nimal Piyatissa

Opanayake Nimal Piyatissa (born 5 January 1968) is a Sri Lankan politician, former provincial minister and Member of Parliament.

The Meaning of Meaning

The Meaning of Meaning: A Study of the Influence of Language upon Thought and of the Science of Symbolism (1923) is a book by C. K. Ogden and I. A. Richards. It was published with two more essays (written opinions) by Bronisław Malinowski and F. G. Crookshank. The conception of the book rose up during a two-hour conversation between Ogden and Richards held on a staircase in a house next to the Cavendish Laboratories at 11 pm on Armistice Day, 1918.

The original text was published in 1923 and has been used as a textbook in many fields, including language and science. The book has been in print continuously since 1982. The latest edition is the critical edition prepared by W. Terrence Gordon as book 3 of the 5-volume set "C. K. Ogden & Linguistics" (London: Routledge/Thoemmes Press, 1995). 

Richards explains in detail a theory of Signs:that Words and Things are connected "through their event together with things, their linkage with them in a 'context' that Symbols come to play that important part in our life [even] the source of all our power over the external world" (47).

The book later influenced A. J. Ayer's "Language, Truth, and Logic", an introduction to logical positivism, and both the Richards–Ogden book and the Ayer book in turn influenced Alec King and Martin Ketley in the writing of their book "The Control of Language", which appeared in 1939, and which influenced C. S. Lewis in the writing of his defence of natural law and objective values, "The Abolition of Man" (1943).
In 1975, Hilary Putnam published his book "The Meaning of "Meaning"", making a "direct" reference to Ogden and Richards earlier work.

The International Library of Psychology, Philosophy and Scientific Method

The International Library of Psychology, Philosophy and Scientific Method was a famous and important series of monographs published from 1922 to 1965. They were edited by Charles Kay Ogden, and published by Kegan Paul, Trench Trubner & Co. in London. This series published some important book on psychology and philosophy, especially the thought of the Vienna Circle in English. It published some of the best psychologists and philosophers of the time, such as Alfred Adler, C. D. Broad, Rudolf Carnap, F. M. Cornford, Edmund Husserl, Carl Jung, Kurt Koffka, Ernst Kretschmer, Bronisław Malinowski, Karl Mannheim, George Edward Moore, Jean Nicod, Jean Piaget, Frank P. Ramsey, Otto Rank, W. H. R. Rivers, Louis Leon Thurstone, Jakob von Uexküll, Hans Vaihinger, Edvard Westermarck, William Morton Wheeler, Ludwig Wittgenstein, J. N. Findlay and others. Most of the 204 books in the series have been reprinted, some in revised editions.

Listed alphabetically by author, with date of original publication (many have been reprinted).

Smoothie King Center

Smoothie King Center is a multi-use arena located in New Orleans, Louisiana that serves as the home for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The arena was also the home of the New Orleans Brass of the ECHL from 1999 until 2002. The New Orleans VooDoo of the Arena Football League (AHL) played in the arena from 2004 until 2005, 2007 until 2008, and 2011 until 2015.

They first started to build the stadium on November 30, 1995. The arena opened on October 29, 1999 and the first event was a game between the New Orleans Brass and Baton Rouge Kingfish on October 29, 1999. 

On May 10, 2002, the league approved a deal that saw the original Charlotte Hornets move to New Orleans. The Hornets would move into arena but before they did, they told the state government to force the Brass to pay for upgrades to arena so it could change between hockey and basketball. The Brass could not do this and were forced to fold because of it.

The Hornets had their first game in the arena on October 30, 2002. In their first game, they defeated the Utah Jazz 100–75. When Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans in 2005, the Hornets temporarily moved to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. In March 2006, repairs would be finished on the arena with a new scoreboard and video displays also being added. The Hornets would return to the arena on November 1, 2006. They defeated the Boston Celtics 91–87.

When the arena opened, it didn't have an official corporate sponsor and was named the New Orleans Arena. On February 5, 2014, Smoothie King purchased the naming rights for the arena in a 20-year; $40 million deal and would rename the arena Smoothie King Center.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including the Royal Rumble in 2001, Extreme Rules in 2009, Hell in a Cell in 2011, Elimination Chamber in 2013, and .

BASIC English versus the artificial languages

BASIC English versus the artificial languages is a book published in 1935 by Charles Kay Ogden. In it, the author compares BASIC English with different artificial languages. He also explains why BASIC English is a better solution as an international language than other artificial languages and he criticises the authors of those languages.

Faris Odeh

Faris Odeh (3 December 1985 – 8 November 2000) was a Palestinian boy from the Israeli occupied Gaza Strip who became known as a national icon for a photograph in which he is seen throwing a stone at an Israeli tank during the Second Intifada.

Bangor Erris

Bangor Erris is a town in Kiltane parish in Erris, County Mayo, Ireland with a population of over 300. It is on the banks of the Owenmore River and is a "gateway" to the Erris Peninsula linking Belmullet with Ballina and Westport.

Neeru Bajwa

Neeru Bajwa (born 26 August 1980) is a Canadian actress, director and producer who has mainly worked in Punjabi and Hindi films. She started her career in 1998 with Dev Anand's Bollywood film "Main Solah Baras Ki" and then moved on to working in Hindi soap operas and Punjabi-language films.


Revanth Reddy

Anumula Revanth Reddy, commonly known as Revanth Reddy, (born 8 November 1969) is an Indian politician serving as the second and current Chief Minister of Telangana since 7 December 2023. He represents Kodangal assembly constituency in the Telangana Legislative assembly. He belongs to the Indian National Congress party.

Moksha (2001 movie)

Moksha is a 2001 Indian crime drama film produced and directed by Ashok Mehta in his directorial debut. The film stars Arjun Rampal and Manisha Koirala. The film won Best Cinematography and Best Audiography at 48th National Film Awards.


Ptolemy XIII (Pharaoh)

Ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator, also known as Ptolemy XIII, was the Pharaoh of Egypt from 51 to 47 BC, and a member of the Ptolemaic dynasty. He was the son of Ptolemy XII and ruled Egypt after his father with his sister Cleopatra VII. However, a civil war happened between Ptolemy XIII and Cleopatra. During this conflict, Ptolemy XIII ruled with his other sister, Arsinoe IV.

Ptolemy XIII became the pharaoh of Egypt after his father Ptolemy XII died. Ptolemy XIII was only 11 years old when he became pharaoh, so his sister Cleopatra ruled with him as a co-ruler. Pothinus, a powerful advisor, helped Ptolemy XIII rule because Ptolemy XII was too young. 

Ptolemy XIII and Pothinus later tried to remove Cleopatra from ruling because she was becoming too powerful.

Ptolemy XIII and his advisor Pothinus made Cleopatra leave the country and started a war against her. 

Pompey who was a roman general came to Egypt looking for safety because his enemy Julius Caesar was chasing him. At first, Ptolemy XIII seemed like he would help Pompey, but then he killed Pomepy. When Caesar arrived, he was angry that Pompey had been killed and ordered his body to be found given a good burial.

Cleopatra was able to become allies with Juilius Caeser against Ptolemy XIII and Arsinoe IV. Caesar killed Pothinus and made Cleopatra the pharaoh of Egypt. Ptolemy XIII still wanted to rule Egypt, so he teamed up with his sister Arsinoe IV. They both gathered their supporters and fought against Cleopatra's army inside Alexandria. This caused a lot of damage in the city. 

When Roman soldiers arrived, there was a big battle called the Battle of the Nile. Cleopatra and Caesar won. After that Ptolemy XIII drowned in the Nile river. Some people think he tried to swim across the Nile River to escape , but we don't know for sure. After that, Cleopatra stayed as the only ruler of Egypt, but she made her younger brother Ptolemy XIV her co-ruler.

Archaeogenetics

Archaeogenetics is the study of ancient DNA. It uses molecular genetics and DNA. 
Ancient DNA can be got from fossilized specimens. Bones, eggshells, and preserved tissues keep some DNA. In plants, ancient DNA can be got from seeds and tissues. 

Archaeogenetics is a term of the archaeologist Colin Renfrew.

Syr Darya

The Syr Darya is a river in Central Asia. Its name, which comes from Persian, means Syr Sea or Syr River. It starts in the Tian Shan Mountains in Kyrgyzstan and eastern Uzbekistan, flowing west and north-west for about 2,256 kilometers through Uzbekistan and southern Kazakhstan. Eventually, it reaches the northern parts of the Aral Sea. 

The Syr Darya is one of the two main rivers that feed into the Aral Sea. The other is the Amu Darya. In the past, extensive irrigation projects took water from these rivers for farmland, leading to the shrinking of the Aral Sea, once the world's fourth-largest lake. The point where the river enters Uzbekistan from Tajikistan is the lowest elevation in Tajikistan, at 300 meters above sea level.

The local name Syr (Sïr) appeared in the 16th century. In the 17th century, Abu al-Ghazi Bahadur Khan, a historian and ruler of Khiva, referred to the Aral Sea as the "Sea of Sïr" or Sïr Tengizi.

The second part of the name, "darya," means "lake" or "sea" in Persian, and "river" in Tajik. This name has been used since the 18th century.

Imaginal disc

Insects have a three-stage development. They go from egg to larva to final imago (adult insect). 

In the pupa larval structures are broken down and rebuilt as adult structures. The imaginal disks are a key part of this. From them the adult structures are formed.

Hii King Hung

Hii King Hung (born 5 January 1971) is a Malaysian taekwondo practitioner. She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the bantaweigt event. 

At the 1990 Asian Taekwondo Championships she won the silver medal in the -51 kg class.

She works for the Sarawak State Sports Council. 

Ravneet Gill

Ravneet Gill (born April 1991) is a British pastry chef, author of "The Pastry Chef's Guide", activist and television presenter. In 2020 Gill replaced Prue Leith to work as the judge on "Junior Bake Off" alongside Liam Charles and Harry Hill. 


Ivett Ayala

Ivett E. Ayala Alicea (born 17 October 1968) is a Puerto Rican taekwondo practitioner. She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the bantamweight class. 

At the Pan American Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in 1986 and 1992. 

She is a Taekwondo Certified Official.

Varsha Adalja

Varsha Mahendra Adalja is an Indian Gujarati language feminist novelist, playwright and negotiator who won the 1995 Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati language for her novel "Ansar".

Shelley Vettese-Baert

Shelley Vettese-Baert (born 24 March 1959) is a Canadian taekwondo practitioner. She won the bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the welterweight class. 

At the 1992 Pan American Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the -65 kg class.

She was a teacher in Edmonton.

She held a training camp in Whitecourt.

2023 Kansas City Chiefs season

The 2023 Kansas City Chiefs Season is the Current Chiefs Season. They are Lead By Patrick Mahomes, Travis Kelce, And Chris Jones. They are coached by Andy Reid. 

Some Star Chiefs Include:

Akshara Haasan

Akshara Haasan (born 12 October 1991) is an Indian actress who has appeared in Tamil and Hindi-language films. She is the daughter of actors Kamal Haasan and Sarika Thakur, and the younger sister of Shruti Haasan

Joao Grimaldo

Joao Alberto Grimaldo Ubidia (; born 20 February 2003) is a Peruvian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Peruvian Primera División club Sporting Cristal.

Joao Alberto Grimaldo Ubidia was born in Rímac, in the department of Lima. Joao grew up in a Catholic family and in a home with average conditions.

Born and raised in the city of Lima, where Sporting Cristal agreed to discipline since he was 12 years old. After a rapid progression through the reserve team, proclaiming himself U-15 Torneo Centenario and , he made his official debut with the first team in November 2020 at the age of 17. That year he winning his first title in the 2020 season. Another season followed, in which Grimaldo managed to win the Torneo Apertura, Copa Bicentenario and would be proclaimed runner-up in the tournament.

Sporting Cristal


Rishabh Tiwari

Rishabh Tiwari (born 1 September 1993) is an Indian cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Chhattisgarh in the 2016–17 Ranji Trophy on 6 October 2016.

George E. Partridge

George Everett Partridge was an American psychologist. Partridge is known for having made it popular to use the word Sociopathy instead of Psychopathy. Partridge didn’t invent the word “Sociopathy”, Karl Brinbaum invented it in 1909.

Partridge got a Phd for studying drunkenness. Partridge also wrote about education and tried to figure out the reason for World War One. 

In 1928, Partridge started to study Psychopaths at a hospital. He said there were three types of psychopaths “psychopathic delinquents” “psychopathic inadequates” and Psychopaths who couldn’t control their emotions. Partridge said that most psychopathic delinquents were men and most psychopathic inadequates were women. Partridge said that Psychopathic delinquents were born Psychopaths and Psychopathic inadequates were born Psychopaths but that Psychopaths who couldn’t control their emotions were not born Psychopaths. 

In 1930, Partridge said that the only thing that all Psychopaths had in common was that they’re bad at living in Society and bad at understanding what society’s rules are for treating other people. So Partridge decided that Psychopaths should actually be called Sociopaths. He said that Psychopathy should be renamed Sociopathy. 

Hervey M. Cleckley

Hervey Milton Cleckley was an American psychiatrist who wrote a book called The Mask of Sanity about Psychopathy. Cleckley also wrote a book about a female patient with Multiple personality disorder which was made into a movie called The Three Faces of Eve.

The Mask of Sanity

The Mask of Sanity is a book by Hervey M. Cleckley. It’s about Psychopathy.

The book says that Psychopaths cannot feel normal emotions but they pretend that they do by copying everyone else and manage to trick everyone into believing that they aren’t insane. This is called having the Mask of Sanity. But because Psychopaths aren’t actually sane, they’re often dangerous mostly to themselves but sometimes to other people. 

According to the book, a person is a Psychopath if he or she is

1) Charming and smart

2) Not psychotic

3) Not nervous 

4) Not reliable

5) A liar 

6) A person who never feels Remorse or Shame

7) A person who doesn’t care about the rights of other people and doesn’t have any reason to explain why

8) Bad at learning from mistakes 

9) Egocentric and not able to love

10) Bad at understanding other peoples’ feelings 

11) Bad at realizing that he or she has a Mental illness

12) Someone who doesn’t normally react to other people 

13) Someone who often gets drunk or acts drunk even when he or she is sober

14) Someone who often threatens to commit suicide all the time but doesn’t actually do it

15) Someone who has sex with people he or she doesn’t love or care about 

16) Not able to follow any real plan for his or her life. 

The Canadian psychologist Robert D. Hare created the Psychopathy Checklist based on this book. 

Honeypot (computing)

A honeypot is a security method to catch a hacker in the act of using a service that is not allowed. A honeypot will typically be a website designed to look normal with information that is valuable to hackers. However, it is monitored and is usually able to track visitors.

A honeypot is used to distract or find hackers to prevent real attacks from taking place. A honeypot can also serve as a warning for potential attacks.

Taank

Taank also know as Takshak or Thak is a clan of the Gurjar ethnic group of Pakistan and India. They also know as Thikaria in some regions of Pakistan. They are mostly found in Gujarat, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, and Jammu and Kashmir in India. They are also found in Pakistan's Azad Kashmir, Balochistan, and Punjab.
They claimed to be descended from the mythical Kshatriya family of Nagvanshi, also known as Nāgas.
Taank Gujjars are also known by various other names, such as Takshac, Taank, Tank, Tonk, Takk, Takka, Thak, Thakya, and Thikaria Thekaria.

Meelu

Meelu, (also spelled) Melu, Meehlu or Meeloo is a prominent clan of the Indian and Pakistani Gurjar ethnic community.
The Meelu Gujjars are the followers of Hinduism, Sikhism, Islam and they live In Indian Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Jammu Kashmir, Azad Kashmir, Pakistani Punjab, Balochistan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Gilgit Baltistan.

Vania

Vania, or Vanik, is a clan of the Gurjar community of Gujarat, India. They are spread across several Indian states, including west Punjab, Kashmir, Gujjarat, and Rajasthan. In Gujarat, they are a trader or a business community. Agriculture is practiced in Punjab and Kashmir.

They are predominantly Muslims in Kashmir and Punjab, and they follow Shaivism, some follow Vaishnavism of Vallabhacharya sect and some follow Swaminarayan sects of Hinduism in Gujarat.

In the ancient era, they migrated from the Marwar region of the present-day Indian state of Rajasthan and settled in Gujarat, where they belonged to the Gurjar race of northern India, and these Gujjars gave name to the Gujarat state as Gurjarashtra.

"Vania", "Vanik" or "Bania" are all terms for someone who deals in Banaj Beopar, or commerce (Trade).
They are a trader community who is generally a shopkeeper.

Bhatia

Bhatia is a clan found among the Gurjar ethnic group of Pakistan and India. They are mainly involved in agricultural in Punjab and Sindh region.

They are settled in Azad Kashmir, Pakistani Punjab, Sindh, Islamabad and Balochistan Azad Kashmir parts of Pakistan. They're also inhabit in Himachal Pradesh, Rajasthan Jammu and Kashmir, Haryana, Delhi and Indian Punjab. 

It is also believed that village "Adoana village" in Shahid Bhagat Singh district of Indian Punjab was founded by the Bhatia Gujjars where this clan is dominant in the area and hold major part of the land. 

Lobana

Lobana is a clan originally found among the Punjabi Gurjars in Punjab region of India and Pakistan.

Besides the Punjab region these Gujjars are also found in Kashmir, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, and Gujarat and they speak Punjabi, Kashmiri, Urdu, Hindi, and Bengali languages.

Vaghela

The Vaghela some time also refer as Baghela is a clan of the Gurjar caste of India.

They are found in Indian states such as Gujarat, Rajasthan, and some are even found in Pakistan's Punjab.

Pseudophilautus stuarti

Stuart's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus stuarti") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Corbett's Gap in the Knuckles Mountain Range, 1249 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 24.2 – 25.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 33.45 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is light green in color with some darker green. The eardrum is green in color. The mouth is yellow in color. The legs and toes are yellow on top and darker yellow-gray below. The sides of the body are yellow in color. There are white bumps on the belly. Parts of the back legs are yellow in color.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Doi (clan)

Doi is a clan of the Gurjar ethnic group of Pakistan and India.

Families related to this clan speak many local languages (including Kashmiri, Punjabi) and this clan is found in Punjab, Azad Kashmir, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Islamabad regions of Pakistan. In India they found in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Dehli. They are a subclan of the Khatana Gujjars.

Doctor of Education

The Doctor of Education (Ed.D. or D.Ed.) is a research or professional doctoral degree that focuses on the field of education. It prepares the holder for academic, research, administrative, clinical, or professional positions in educational, civil and public institutions in most countries.

In the United States, the EdD tends to be granted by the school of education of universities and is a terminal degree in education. Majors within the EdD may include: counseling, curriculum and instruction and curriculum and teaching, educational administration, education policy, educational psychology, educational technology, higher education, human resource development, language, leadership or technology and innovation in instruction. 

The EdD is used for people such as a professor or lecturer in a university. It may also be used in administrative positions in education and human development field, such as superintendent of schools, human resource director, or principal.

English Pointer

The Pointer, sometimes called the English Pointer, is a medium-sized breed of pointing dog developed in England. Pointers are used to find game birds for hunters. Unlike other hunting dogs, such as Spaniels, they do not collect the birds that have been shot but they point out to the hunter where the live bird is hiding.

The most common belief is that the dogs like this breed were imported into England in 1719 by soldiers returning from Spain after a war and bred with local hunting dogs.

This dog is a medium sized hunting dog that wieighs between and stands between . Its is most commonly coloured brown and white, black and white, orange and white or lemon and white with speckles on the white fur.

The Pointer is usually a healthy dog with a kind nature, they need a lot of excercise.

Van Maanen 2

van Maanen 2, also called Van Maanen's Star, is a white dwarf star and the closest white dwarf to the Sun that does not have a companion. It is larger than the Earth but is two-thirds the mass of the Sun. It is 14 light years away and is in the constellation Pisces. It was once a star larger and hotter than the Sun (like Sirius) that became a red giant before becoming a white dwarf.

Ahmad Sa'adat

Ahmad Sa'adat () is a Palestinian militant and member of the PFLP a communist Palestinian group. He graduated from the UNRWA Teacher's college in the West Bank with a degree in maths. He later was elected to be the successor to Abu Ali Mustafa after the IDF killed Mustafa in August.

Climax (disambiguation)

Climax usually means the point of highest tension or suspense in a story.

Climax can also mean:







Toyota Center

Toyota Center is a multi-use arena located in Houston, Texas that serves as the home for the Houston Rockets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The arena was also the home of the Houston Aeros of the American Hockey League (AHL) from 2003 until 2013. The Houston Comets of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) played in the arena from 2004 until 2007. 

The Rockets were told that their former home arena The Summit was too outdated to be a suitable NBA arena. NBA commissioner David Stern would say that "if there's not a new building...I think it's certain that the team will be relocated." The Rockets ownership would then look to build a new arena.

They first started to build the stadium on July 31, 2001. The arena opened on October 6, 2003 and the first event was a concert by Fleetwood Mac. The Rockets had their first game in the arena on October 30, 2003. In their first game, they defeated the Denver Nuggets 102–85. 

When the arena first started being built in July 2003, Toyota decided to purchase the naming rights for the arena and named it to the Toyota Center. Toyota bought the rights in a 20-year; $100 million deal and have their logo on the roof of the building.

WWE has hosted many shows and pay-per-views at the arena including the No Mercy in 2005, , the and events for TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs, Night of Champions in 2015, NXT TakeOver: WarGames in , Survivor Series in 2017, and Elimination Chamber in 2019.

Erwin Verstegen

Erwin Verstegen (31 July 1970 – 5 March 1995) was a Dutch archer. Verstegen competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Henk Vogels

Henk Vogels (born 19 June 1964) is a Dutch archer. Vogels competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Steve Wijler

Steve Wijler (born 19 September 1996) is a Dutch archer. Wijler competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Theo Willems

Theodorus "Theo" Willems (22 February 1891 – 12 April 1960) was an archer from the Netherlands. Willems competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics.

Fred van Zutphen

Fred van Zutphen (born 7 January 1971) is a retired Dutch archer. Zutphen competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Through the Eyes of the Dead

Through the Eyes of the Dead is an American deathcore band formed in 2003.


Wonder Girl

Wonder Girl is the name of several fictional superheroines appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She is the younger version and side-kick of Wonder Woman. The name was originally used by Princess Diana in her earlier years on Paradise Island with the other Amazons. Donna Troy used the name next, side-kick to Diana and founding member of the Teen Titans. Cassie Sandsmark is the third and current hero to use the name, daughter of an archaeologist named Helena Sandsmark and the deity Zeus; she is a founding member of Young Justice. Yara Flor is the fourth Wonder Girl, sharing the mantle with Cassandra. Her father is an Unnamed Brazilian river god while her mother is of the Amazons of the Amazon.

"Wonder Girl" was created by Robert Kanigher, first appearing as Princess Diana in "Wonder Woman" #23 (1947). "Donna Troy" first appeared in "The Brave and the Bold" #60 (1965). "Cassie Sandsmark" first appeared as Wonder Girl in "Wonder Woman" (Volume 2) #111 (1996). "Yara Flor" first appeared as Wonder Girl in "Infinite Frontier" #0 (2021).

An original version of Wonder Girl named Drusilla appeared in the "Wonder Woman" television series, played by Debra Winger. Donna Troy makes her live adaptation debut in the DC Universe series "Titans", played by Conor Leslie.

Donna Troy

Donna Troy is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is an Amazon super-hero who began her career as the second Wonder Girl, but has also used several other names including Troia, Darkstar, Wonder Woman and Deathbringer. She was married to Terry Long, with whom she had a child named Robert; she also had a relationship with Kyle Rayner. She is a founding member of the Teen Titans, and has also been involved with the Challengers from Beyond, Darkstars and Justice League of America.

"Donna Troy" was created by Bob Haney and Bruno Premiani, first appearing in "The Brave and the Bold" #60 (1965).

Donna has appeared in many cartoon television shows and movies. She made her live adaptation debut in the DC Universe and HBO Max series "Titans", played by Conor Leslie in the first, second, and third seasons.

Kyle Rayner

Kyle Rayner is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is the fifth Green Lantern of Earth, a powerful member of the Green Lantern Corps, serving as an honor guard, and is considered the greatest lantern. Originally given his power ring by Ganthet of the Guardians of the Universe after his predecessor Hal Jordan destroyed the Corps during Emerald Twilight, he was the last surviving torchbearer for many years until their return. The sentient willpower entity Ion possessed him and gave him incredible powers for a period of his career, but he was later briefly possessed by the fear entity Parallax as well. In his secret identity he is an artist, and uses his powers as the ultimate form of expression, constantly demonstrating his creativity and imagination during battle. He has also been a member of the Justice League, the New Titans, the Sinestro Corps and the Challengers from Beyond.

Kyle Rayner was created by Ron Marz and Darryl Banks, first appearing in Green Lantern (Volume 3) #48. (1994)

Tailwind CSS

Tailwind CSS is an open source CSS library, and their main feature is that they use utility CSS classes that can be mixed and matched and unlike most other CSS libraries such as Bootstrap, there is no predefined classes.

To make a button in Tailwind CSS you would use this HTML code:
<!--The style and script tags at the top are for offline mode users-->
<style>
html {
body {
hr {
abbr:where([title]) {
h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6 {
a {
b,
strong {
code,
kbd,
pre,
samp {
small {
sub,
sup {
sub {
sup {
table {
button,
input,
optgroup,
select,
textarea {
button,
select {
[type=button],
[type=reset],
[type=submit],
button {
progress {
[type=search] {
summary {
blockquote,
dd,
dl,
figure,
h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6,
hr,
p,
pre {
fieldset {
legend {
menu,
ol,
ul {
dialog {
textarea {
input::placeholder,
textarea::placeholder {
[role=button],
button {
audio,
canvas,
embed,
iframe,
img,
object,
svg,
video {
img,
video {
[hidden] {
 --tw-border-spacing-x:0;
.sr-only {
.mx-auto {
.mt-4 {
.block {
.flex {
.inline-flex {
.hidden {
.h-10 {
.h-5 {
.h-8 {
.w-10 {
.w-5 {
.w-full {
.max-w-screen-xl {
.flex-col {
.flex-wrap {
.items-center {
.justify-center {
.justify-between {
.space-x-3 > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
.rounded {
.rounded-lg {
.border {
.border-gray-100 {
.border-gray-200 {
.bg-blue-700 {
.bg-gray-50 {
.bg-white {
.p-2 {
.p-4 {
.px-3 {
.py-2 {
.text-sm {
.font-medium {
.text-gray-500 {
.text-gray-900 {
.text-white {
.hover\:bg-gray-100:hover {
.focus\:outline-none:focus {
.focus\:ring-2:focus {
.focus\:ring-gray-200:focus {
@media (min-width: 768px) {
.rtl\:space-x-reverse:where([dir="rtl"],
[dir="rtl"] *) > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
@media (prefers-color-scheme: dark) {
@media (min-width: 768px) {

</style>
<script src="https://cdn.tailwindcss.com"></script>
<button class="bg-blue-500 hover:bg-blue-700 text-white font-bold py-2 px-4 rounded">
</button>
This will create a slightly rounded button that is filled in blue with the text "Button" inside it.

Result:

To make a navbar in Tailwind CSS you would use this HTML code:
<!--The style and script tags at the top are for offline mode users-->
<style>
html {
body {
hr {
abbr:where([title]) {
h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6 {
a {
b,
strong {
code,
kbd,
pre,
samp {
small {
sub,
sup {
sub {
sup {
table {
button,
input,
optgroup,
select,
textarea {
button,
select {
[type=button],
[type=reset],
[type=submit],
button {
progress {
[type=search] {
summary {
blockquote,
dd,
dl,
figure,
h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6,
hr,
p,
pre {
fieldset {
legend {
menu,
ol,
ul {
dialog {
textarea {
input::placeholder,
textarea::placeholder {
[role=button],
button {
audio,
canvas,
embed,
iframe,
img,
object,
svg,
video {
img,
video {
[hidden] {
 --tw-border-spacing-x:0;
.sr-only {
.mx-auto {
.mt-4 {
.block {
.flex {
.inline-flex {
.hidden {
.h-10 {
.h-5 {
.h-8 {
.w-10 {
.w-5 {
.w-full {
.max-w-screen-xl {
.flex-col {
.flex-wrap {
.items-center {
.justify-center {
.justify-between {
.space-x-3 > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
.rounded {
.rounded-lg {
.border {
.border-gray-100 {
.border-gray-200 {
.bg-blue-700 {
.bg-gray-50 {
.bg-white {
.p-2 {
.p-4 {
.px-3 {
.py-2 {
.text-sm {
.font-medium {
.text-gray-500 {
.text-gray-900 {
.text-white {
.hover\:bg-gray-100:hover {
.focus\:outline-none:focus {
.focus\:ring-2:focus {
.focus\:ring-gray-200:focus {
@media (min-width: 768px) {
.rtl\:space-x-reverse:where([dir="rtl"],
[dir="rtl"] *) > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
@media (prefers-color-scheme: dark) {
@media (min-width: 768px) {

</style>
<script src="https://cdn.tailwindcss.com"></script>
<nav class="bg-white border-gray-200 dark:bg-gray-900">
</nav>
This will create a navbar with the Tailwind CSS logo with the selected page being blue (in this case home) and the rest being white on the navbar.

Result:

Alan Gillespie

Air Vice-Marshal Alan Kenneth Gillespie is a senior Royal Air Force officer. He currently serves as the Director of the Military Aviation Authority. Gillespie was commissioned into the Royal Air Force in 1988.

Bootstrap (library)

Bootstrap is a open source responsive mobile friendly CSS library along with optional JavaScript components. The CSS library was made for interface components such as buttons and navigation. Currently, Bootstrap is the 4th most starred library on GitHub with 164,000 stars. 

Kamilya Dosmalova

Kamilya Dosmalova (born 11 August 1992) is a Kazakhstani parataekwondo practitioner. She joined the 2020 Summer Paralympics in the –58 kg category.

Veeru Kohli

Veeru Kohli (born 1964) was a Pakistani bonded labor and human rights activist. She was known for starting to campaign against slavery after twenty years of living in bondage herself.

Norway women's national cricket team

The Norway women's national cricket team represents Norway in women's cricket and since 2018 they have played Women's Twenty20 Internationals. They played their first match against Austria in July 2019.

Arystanov Nurgali

Nurgali A. Arystanov - Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ambassador of the Republic of Kazakhstan to the Republic of Korea.

Born on May 31, 1978, in the Kyzylorda region. Graduated from the Kazakh State National University named after al-Farabi and Johns Hopkins University (USA).

He began his diplomatic career in 1999 as a Referent to the Department of Bilateral Cooperation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan. In 2000, he went to work at the Embassy of Kazakhstan in Pakistan, where until 2004 he held the positions of Referent, Attaché, and Third Secretary.

From 2004 to 2005 he worked as the Second secretary of the Department of Asia and Africa of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan. In 2005-2009 - the Second and First Secretary of the Embassy of the Republic of Kazakhstan in India. From 2009 to 2010 - First Secretary, Counsellor to the Americas Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan. In 2010-2017 he was the First Secretary and Counsellor of the Embassy of the Republic of Kazakhstan in the United States.

From 2017, he worked in the Central Office of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan and until 2019 was the Head of the department and deputy director of the Americas Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan. From October to December 2019, he served as Director of the Department for Asian Cooperation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan. From 2019 to 2021, he was the Director of the Asia-Pacific Region Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan.

Before he was appointed the Ambassador of the Republic of Kazakhstan to the Republic of Korea, in 2021 he was the Director of the Americas Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan.

He has the diplomatic rank of Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Envoy of the II class.

Speaks English.

Middelbeers

Middelbeers is a village in the municipality of Oirschot in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2021, 3,400 people lived there.

Middelbeers was the capital of the municipality of Oost-, West- en Middelbeers until 1996 when it became part of the municipality of Oirschot.

Sang Guowei

Sang Guowei (Chinese: 桑国卫; pinyin: "Sāng Guówèi") (11 November 1941 – 7 December 2023) was a Chinese pharmacologist, physician and politician.
He was a native of Wuxing, Zhejiang and was born in Shanghai.

After finishing his studies at Shanghai Medical College, he became a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering. He led the Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party, a smaller political group in China. From 2008 to 2013, he held the role of Vice Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress.
On 7 December 2023, Guowei passed away due to an illness "(which is not known)". He was 82 years old at the time of his death.

Heartbroken on the Moselle

Heartbroken on the Moselle () is a 1953 German romantic comedy movie directed by Kurt Hoffmann and was based on the 1932 novel by Rudolf G. Binding. It stars Will Quadflieg, Elisabeth Müller, Oliver Grimm, Renate Mannhardt and John Van Dreelen.

Win Maung (footballer)

Win Maung (born 12 May 1949) is a Burmese football player. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

J. Riccardo Benavides

J. Riccardo Benavides (born 1955) is a Mexican-American event designer and planner based in San Francisco, Bay Area.

Benavides was born in Northern California in 1955. He studied Interior design at the Rudolph Schaeffer School of Design in San Francisco.

Benavides is an event designer and planner and founder of an event management company, Ideas Events & Rentals where is also serves as the creative director. Benavides has designed events such as the Opening Night Galas for the San Francisco Opera, San Francisco Fall Art Show, The Fine Arts Museum Oscar de la Renta Retrospective, and The San Francisco Conservatory of Music Gala. 

Riccardo started his company, Ideas Event Styling in 1992 after his long service at the Hyatt. In the Bay Area, he is most known for his many years designing Opening Night Galas for the San Francisco Opera and the San Francisco Ballet; and has been the event designer for many events such as the Benjamin Millepied's Ballet, The Fine Arts Museum Oscar de la Renta Retrospective, San Francisco Edgewood, The League to Save Lake Tahoe Fashion Show, The Fall Antique Show, The San Francisco Conservatory of Music Gala, as well as other fundraisers including fashion shows, dinners and openings for the SF Opera and SF Ballet. As of 2023, Riccardo has been appointed by the Mayor of San Francisco as a Commissioner to the San Francisco Arts Commission.

Javad Mokhbery

Javad Mokhbery (born 1952) is an American businessman and philanthropist. He is the founder and current chief executive officer of FUTEK Advanced Sensor Technology.

Mokhbery was born in 1952 in Iran and moved to England at the age of 19 to receive his early education. Later, 1974, he moved to Detroit, U.S. and graduated from Lawrence Technological University with bachelors in mechanical engineering in 1979. 

After finishing his studies, he worked in Detroit and California for different sensor companies, contributing to projects such as the Discovery space shuttle. In 1985, he established FUTEK, initially focusing on cryogenic sensors for the Discovery space shuttle mission. FUTEK later created sensors for NASA's Curiosity rover, designed to function in the planet's low temperatures. These sensors monitored the rover's drilling arm, drilling force, and precision on the Mars surface. The rover landed in August 2012, and his company continues to collaborate with NASA on various projects, including the next-generation Mars rover's robotic arm, parachute sensors, and load cells for the International Space Station.

In September 2022, Mokhbery was honored in the LTU School of Engineering Hall of Fame. In November 2022, he participated as a candidate in the Laguna Niguel City Council election. Mokhbery supports the Saddleback College Foundation, Irvine Public Scholl Foundation, and Families Forward. In 2020, Lawrence Technological University established the Advanced Cybersecurity Computer Lab, made possible by a gift from Mokhbery.


Ptolemy XIV Philopator

Ptolemy XIV Philopator was the pharaoh of Egypt, who ruled with his sister Cleopatra VII from 47 until his death in 44 BC.
When Ptolemy XIII died in 47 BC, his younger brother Ptolemy XIV became Pharaoh with the help of his older sister Cleopatra. Ptolemy XIV was around 12 years old when he became king. Cleopatra and Ptolemy XIV were married, but she was still the lover of Julius Caesar. Some people think that Cleopatra had power and Ptolemy XIV was just a puppet king because of Egyptian tradition.

After Julius Caesar was murdered in Rome in 44 BC, Ptolemy XIV died too. It's not clear if Cleopatra killed him, but some people think she did it with poison made from aconite because she wanted her son Caesarion, who was born from her relationship with Julius Caesar, to be the next king. Cleopatra made Caesarion her co-ruler on September 2, 44 BC.


Abbotsford Canucks

The Abbotsford Canucks are a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2021. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Abbotsford, British Columbia at the Abbotsford Centre. They are the AHL affiliate for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Utica, New York as the Utica Comets from 2013 to 2021. They decided to relocate the team to Abbotsford on May 6, 2021. The New Jersey Devils's AHL affiliate, Binghamton Devils would also relocate to Utica to become the new Utica Comets on the same day.

The Canucks are the first team located in Abbotsford since the Abbotsford Heat relocated to Glens Falls, New York to become the Adirondack Flames in 2014.

Netsurf

Netsurf is browser which uses homemade browser engine. The browser's goal is to be fast and small. The browser was created in 2002 for RISK OS because the OS's browsers were unable to load some web pages. Later they added Macos, and Linux support to the browser along with Amiga support.

Alexander Helios

Alexander Helios was a Ptolemaic prince and the son of Cleopatra VII and Mark Antony. Alexander had a twin sister named Cleopatra Selene II. Both of their names had special meanings; Alexander's last name (Helios) means "Sun," and his sister's last name (Selene) means "Moon." Cleopatra named her son after the famous leader Alexander the Great. It's not known exactly when Alexander died, but it might have been between the years 29 and 25 BC.
Alexander Helios was born in Alexandria around 40 BC. He was the second son of Cleopatra. Around 34 BC Cleopatra and her husband, Mark Antony, gave Alexander the titles of ruler of Armenia, Media, Parthia, and any lands between the Euphrates and Indus River that were still not discovered. However, these lands were already ruled by other people at that time.

In 33 BC, Alexander got engaged to Iotapa, a princess from Media. Her father was Artavasdes I. When Mark Antony and Cleopatra lost battle of Actium in 31 BC, They killed themselves and Lotapa left Egypt to go back to her father.

When Augustus won against Cleopatra and Mark Antony, he didn't hurt Alexander or his siblings. Instead, he took them from Egypt to Rome. He gave the children to his sister Octavia Minor to take care of. Octavia took good care of them and taught them well.

The only other information we have about Alexander Helios and his brother Ptolemy Philadelphus when they arrived at Rome is from Cassius Dio books. Cassius Dio explained that when Cleopatra Selene II married King Juba II, Augustus allowed Alexander and Ptolemy to live because of the marriage. Alexander is not mentioned in any more historical records after that.


Danhausen

Donovan Danhausen (born August 17, 1990) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Danhausen.

He has also spent time wrestling in Ring of Honor (ROH) and Full Impact Pro (FIP).

On January 26, 2022, Danhausen would make his surprise debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW) at Beach Break. He debuted during the Lights Out match between Adam Cole and Orange Cassidy. Cole would end up pulling out a table out from under the ring that had Danhausen on it. AEW owner Tony Khan announced later in the night that Danhausen had signed an official contract to become a member of the AEW roster.

Danhausen would then try and fail to curse Hook. On the May 6 episode of "Rampage", he would try and get Hook to team with him against Tony Nese. Hook would refuse and Danhausen would try and befriend Hook by giving him a bag of chips. Hook would take the chips and leave. On the May 11 episode of "Dynamite", Danhausen would make his AEW in-ring debut. He would lose in 32 seconds after an outside distraction from "Smart" Mark Sterling. After the match, Nese would beatdown Danhausen and Hook would run-in to make the save before shaking hands with Danhausen. At the Buy In for Double or Nothing, Hookhausen (Danhausen and Hook) would team up and they would defeat the team of Tony Nese and "Smart" Mark Sterling. This game Danhausen his first victory in AEW.

At Fight for the Fallen, Danhausen would challenge Ricky Starks for the FTW Championship but would lose. Danhausen would then compete in a Grand Slam Golden Ticket Battle Royal to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW World Championship. The match would eventually be won by "Hangman" Adam Page. Danhausen would then decide to join the Best Friends stable.

On March 5, 2023 at Revolution, Danhausen would team with Orange Cassidy and they would compete in a four-way tag team match for the AEW World Tag Team Championships. The match would be won by The Gunns (Austin Gunn and Colten Gunn).

Robert D. Hare

Robert D. Hare is a Canadian psychologist who is known for having created the list that most therapists and governments use to figure out if someone's a Psychopath called The Psychopathy Checklist. He was a professor at the University of British Columbia

CosMc's

CosMc's is an American multinational chain of fast food restaurants. It is a spin-off of McDonald's. CosMc's sells sweet snacks and coffee and has been described as McDonald's counter to Starbucks.

On July 27, 2023, it was announced that McDonald's was going to start a new spin-off restaurant called CosMc's. On December 6, 2023, McDonald's said that they were going to open their first restaurant in Bolingbrook, Illinois. It opened on December 8.

President of the directory

The Directory was officially led by a president, as stipulated by Article 141 of the Constitution of the Year III. An entirely ceremonial post, the first president was Rewbell who was chosen by lot on 2 November 1795. The Directors conducted their elections


Gordian III

Gordian III was the youngest emperor of the Roman Empire who ruled alone. He was only 13 years old when he became emperor and ruled from 238 to 244 AD. His father was Junius Balbus and his mother was Antonia Gordiana. 

In 235 AD, a man named Maximinus became emperor after Alexander Severus died. 

The Roman Senate didn't like Maximinus, so when a rebellion started in Africa Province in 238, Gordian III's grandfather and uncle became emperors together because of the rebellion. 

The governor of Numidia, who supported Maximinus, ended the rebellion quickly.

Later, the Roman Senate chose two new emperors named Pupienus and Balbinus. They also made Gordian III a Caesar. 

Mximinus attacked Pupienus and Balbinus, but his army were not able to move through the mountains during winter. Maximinus army didn't have supplies after being there for four weeks, which made his soldiers unhappy and afraid. As a result, the second Parthian legion, which was a part of Maximinus' army, turned against him and killed him. 

Things were still bad for Pupienus and Balbinus because of many problems such as violence from military and a big fire in Rome in June 238. The next month, Pupienus and Balbinus were killed by the Praetorian Guard, and Gordian III became the emperor of Rome alone.

When Gordian became emperor, he was young, so the rich families in Rome took control of the government through the Senate. In 240, a man named Sabinianus rebelled in Africa Province, but he quickly lost. Gordian married a woman named Furia Sabinia Tranquillina. Her father, Timesitheus, became the leader of the soldiers who protected the emperor. He became very powerful and acted like the real ruler of Rome.

During Gordian's time as emperor, there were many strong earthquakes. The earthquakes were so bad that cities fell and were destroyed. Gordian read some old books for advice about what to do.

In the third century, the borders of Rome were not strong against attacks from Germanic tribes and the Sassanid Empire. Shapur, the ruler of the Sassanid Empire, invaded Mesopotamia. Gordian sent a large army to fight them. The Sassanids lost and were forced to go back across the Euphrates River. Gordian wanted to invade their land, but his wife's father died in an unknown way. This made it dangerous for Gordian and his army. The soldiers were happy that Gordian won and he had a big celebration. 

Two men named Gaius Julius Priscus and Philip the Arab became the new leaders of the soldiers who protected the emperor after Gordian wife's father died. Philip and Priscus helped Gordian start a second war against Shapur. The Sassanids fought back very strongly near a place called Ctesiphon.

It is not clear what happened to Gordian after this battle. Some Roman sources say that Philip made peace with Shapur in a way that was bad for Rome, and that Gordian died while they were leaving for home. Zonaras says that Gordian died when he fell off his horse during a battle. Shapur wrote that there was a big battle near Fallujah (Iraq), which resulted in a big Roman defeat and the death of Gordian III. Some people think that Gordian died at Zaitha because he was murdered by his angry soldiers. It is said that Philip brought Gordian's body back to Rome and made him a god.


Philip Rivers

Philip Rivers is an American former football player. He Played For The San Diego Chargers , Los Angeles Chargers, And Indianapolis Colts. He Retired In 2020. He Played College Football At NC State.

Daniel Garcia (wrestler)

Daniel Garcia is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He also wrestles for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), where he is the current PWG World Champion.

During his career, Garcia has been a one-time PWG World Champion, winner of the 2022 Battle of Los Angeles, and one-time ROH Pure Champion.

On the September 22, 2020 episode of "Dark", Garcia would make his debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He would team with Kevin Blackwood and they were defeated by the team of Joey Janela and Sonny Kiss. On October 19, 2021, it was announced by AEW owner Tony Khan that Garcia had signed a full-time contract to become a member of the AEW roster. On the August 10 episode of "Dark", Garcia would defeat Fuego Del Sol to earn his first victory in AEW.

On the January 12, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Garcia would face Sammy Guevara for the interim AEW TNT Championship but would be defeated. On the March 9 episode of "Dynamite", Garcia would form a stable with Chris Jericho called the Jericho Appreciation Society. On the June 8 episode of "Dynamite", Garcia would compete in a Casino Battle Royale to determine who would become the number two contender for the interim AEW World Championship. The winner would face Jon Moxley in the main event of "Dynamite" to see who would represent AEW at Forbidden Door. The match would eventually be won by Kyle O'Reilly. Garcia would defeat Wheeler Yuta on the September 7 episode of "Dynamite" to become the new ROH Pure Champion. Garcia would compete in a Grand Slam Golden Ticket Battle Royal to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW World Championship. The match would eventually be won by "Hangman" Adam Page.

At Final Battle, Garcia would lost the ROH Pure Championship back to Wheeler Yuta.

On the November 8, 2023 episode of "Dynamite", Garcia would challenge Maxwell Jacob Friedman for the AEW World Championship but would lose.

Ifugao

Ifugao is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Cordillera Administrative Region. The capital is Lagawe.

The Rice Terraces of the Philippine Cordilleras and Banaue Rice Terraces are the main tourist attractions in the province. These terraces were carved into the mountains 2,000 years ago to plant rice. In 1995, the Rice Terraces of the Philippine Cordilleras were declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

In 2008 and 2015, the "Hudhud chants of the Ifugao" and the "Punnuk (Tugging rituals and games)" were inscribed in the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage List.

Lagawe

Lagawe is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Ifugao. According to the 2020 census, 18,876 people lived there.

Isabela, Basilan

Isabela is a city in the Philippines. It is the "de facto" capital of the province of Basilan. According to the 2020 census, 130,379 people lived there.

Caraga, Davao Oriental

Caraga is a municipality in the province of Davao Oriental, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 39,704 people lived there. It is one of the oldest settlements in the island of Mindanao.

Boston, Davao Oriental

Boston is a municipality in the province of Davao Oriental, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 14,618 people lived there. It is named after Boston, Massachusetts.

Gorgol Region

Gorgol () is a region in southern Mauritania. Its capital is Kaédi. The Gorgol River is an important part of the landscape. Other major cities/towns in the region are Mbout and Maghama. The region borders the Mauritanian regions of Brakna and Assaba to the north, the Mauritanian region of Guidimaka to the southeast, and Senegal to the southwest. The Senegal River runs along the region's border with Senegal.

As of 2013, the population of the region was 335,917, compared to 310,656 in 2011. Elections for the region's government are had every five years. On account of the political instability in the region, the last elections were held in 2006.

Gorgol River

The Gorgol River is a river in southern Mauritania. It is a tributary of the Senegal River. The river is made by the confluence of the Gorgol Noir (194 km in length), with the Gorgol Blanc (345 km in length). The Gorgol River joins the Senegal River at Kaédi.

The river basin is important to the Mauritanian economy because of investment in the 1970s.

Anglo-Corsican Kingdom

The Anglo-Corsican Kingdom existed on the island of Corsica between 1794 and 1796. Officially,it was also known as the Kingdom of Corsica. It was a client state of the Kingdom of Great Britain. The state existed during the French Revolutionary Wars. In 1794, Britain sent a fleet to Corsica under Admiral Samuel Hood. It was during the fighting to capture Calvi that then-Captain Horatio Nelson lost the sight in his right eye. For a short time, Corsica was added to the dominions of King George III, chiefly by the exertions of Hood's fleet, and Paoli's cooperation.

The constitution was democratic, with a viceroy (Sir Gilbert Elliot) representing the King, an elected unicameral Parliament, and a Council that was the executive body of the Kingdom, with Carlo Andrea Pozzo di Borgo as procureur-general-syndic (chief of the civil government) and later president of the council of state, at its head.

Pasquale Paoli

Filippo Antonio Pasquale de' Paoli 6 April 1725 – 5 February 1807 was a Corsican patriot, statesman, and military leader who was at the forefront of resistance movements against the Genoese and later French rule over the island. He became the President of Corsica.

Mashable

Mashable is a news website and entertainment company founded in 2004.

Mashable was founded by Pete Cashmore while living in Aberdeen, Scotland, in July 2004. The early version of the site was a WordPress blog, with Cashmore as the only author. In December 2017, Ziff Davis, a digital media company, bought Mashable for $50 million.

Menger sponge

A Menger sponge is a square which is similar to itself. To make a Menger sponge, take a square, and cut a square hole in the middle. Repeat the process around the edge of the square 9 times. Do the same thing aforementioned infinitely.

List of Heads of state of Corsica

Corsica used to be independent. It had its own government.


Maguindanao del Norte

Maguindanao del Norte is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao in Mindanao. The capital is Datu Odin Sinsuat and the largest city is Cotabato City. It was founded on September 18, 2022.

Datu Odin Sinsuat

Datu Odin Sinsuat is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Maguindanao del Norte. According to the 2020 census, 116,768 people lived there.

Maguindanao del Sur

Maguindanao del Sur is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao in Mindanao. The capital is Buluan. It was founded on September 18, 2022.

Buluan

Buluan is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Maguindanao del Sur. According to the 2020 census, 57,406 people lived there.

Shariff Aguak

Shariff Aguak is a municipality in the province of Maguindanao del Sur, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 33,982 people lived there.

Shariff Aguak was founded on September 11, 1963 as Maganoy. In 1996, the town's name was changed from Maganoy to Shariff Aguak.

Abucay

Abucay is a municipality in the province of Bataan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 42,984 people lived there.

Samal, Bataan

Samal is a municipality in the province of Bataan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 38,302 people lived there.

Sinestro Corps

The Sinestro Corps, occasionally known as the Yellow Lantern Corps, is a fictional supervillainous group appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is one of the ten Lantern Corps that draw power from the Emotional Electromagnetic Spectrum. They were created by the villain Sinestro to oppose the Green Lantern Corps, and they have been enemies of the super-hero Green Lantern. Their color is yellow and their power rings are fueled by fear, so their members are selected for their ability to inspire great fear in others. Their home planet is Qward and their representative entity is Parallax.

The Sinestro Corps was created by Geoff Johns and Ethan Van Sciver, first appearing in Green Lantern (Volume 4) #10. (2006)

Peter Ebden

Peter Ebden (born 26 August 1982) is a New Zealand archer. Ebden competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Neroli Fairhall

Neroli Susan Fairhall (26 August 1944 – 11 June 2006) was a New Zealand archer. Fairhall competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Pseudophilautus samarakoon

Samrakoon's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus samarakoon") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sripada Peak in the Peak Wilderness, between 1,000 and 1,400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 22.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 22.4-24.6 mm long. The skin of the frog's back and tops of the legs is the white color of milk with light brown and dark brown marks. There is a dark brown mark between the eyes and another one in front of the eyes. The belly is lighter in color than the back. The front of the neck is brown in color. The webbed skin on the feet is light brown in color.

This frog looks different from other frogs in "Pseudophilautus". It is smaller in size and has flaps of skin on its feet.

People have seen this frog sitting on bamboo shrubs as high as 2 meters above the ground.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

2023-24 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2023-24 Red Bull Salzburg season is the ninety-one season in the existence of FC Red Bull Salzburg and the club's 34th consecutive season in the top league of Austrian football. Salzburg also participated in this season's editions of the Austrian Cup and the UEFA Champions League. 

David Wells

David Wells is a retired MLB baseball pitcher. He threw a perfect game for the New York Yankees playing against the Minnesota Twins. He had Tommy John surgery. He has played for the Boston Red Sox and the Toronto Blue Jays. 

Huntress (DC Comics)

Huntress is the name of several super-heroes and villains in the DC Comics universe. The original version is a member of the Batman Family, named Helena Wayne and written as the daughter of Batman and Catwoman on Earth-Two. She was re-written as the devout Catholic Italian-American Helena Bertinelli, the orphaned daughter of a murdered mafia family who grew up swearing deadly vengeance on the criminal underworld. Batman has frowned on her for her willingness to kill, although over time she has gotten used to more conventional methods of crime-fighting and found wider acceptance as a vigilante. The character has been a member of Infinity, Inc., the Justice Society, the Justice League, Birds of Prey, the Outsiders and Checkmate.

"Huntress" was created by Paul Levitz and Joe Staton, first appearing in "All-Star Comics" #69 (1977). Joey Cavalieri rebooted her in "Huntress" #1 (1989).

Gamora (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

Gamora Zen Whoberi Ben Titan is a fictional character portrayed primarily by Zoe Saldaña in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) media franchise, based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name. She was a former Zehoberei assassin and a former member of the Guardians of the Galaxy. She became the adopted daughter of Thanos and adopted sister of Nebula after Thanos killed half of her race. Gamora served him for years before betraying him in an attempt to free herself from his ways. She was hired to steal the Orb, and after becoming involved in the Quest for the Orb, she befriended the other members of the Guardians of the Galaxy. After the Battle of Xandar, she left to work with them all. Having made a deal with the Sovereign to kill the Abilisk, Gamora was able to regain custody of Nebula with the intention of finally bringing her to justice in Xandar.

However, her mission to punish Nebula was delayed when Gamora and the Guardians came into contact with Ego, the long-lost father of Star-Lord. While Ego claimed he simply wanted to bond with his son, Gamora was suspicious and, alongside Nebula who had freed herself, discovered Ego's evil intentions to destroy and rebuild the universe. Upon this discovery, the Guardians teamed up to destroy the living planet, succeeding with the help of Mantis, who joined the group, but at the cost of Yondu Udonta sacrificing his life. After Udonta's death, Gamora finally confessed that she had romantic feelings for Star-Lord and started a relationship with him.

Four years later, Gamora and the Guardians intercepted a distress call sent by Asgardians; Thor warned them that Thanos had begun searching for the Infinity Stones himself. Realizing what Thanos intended to do with them, Gamora led her friends to Knowhere to procure the Aether, only for both it and Gamora to be captured by Thanos himself. Thanos took Gamora to Vormir, where he sacrificed her against her will in order to obtain the Soul Stone, a process that trapped Gamora's soul inside the Soulworld.

As of 2023, Gamora has appeared in five films in the MCU. The character and Saldaña's portrayal have been met with positive reception. Alternate versions of Gamora from within the MCU multiverse appear in "" (2019), "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3" (2023), and in the animated series "What If...?" (2021). One version, voiced by Cynthia McWilliams, usurped Thanos's warlord position and is recruited into the Guardians of the Multiverse by the Watcher to help defeat an alternate version of Ultron.

Leif Printzlau

Leif Printzlau (born 16 December 1948) is a former Danish football player. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Ashington

Ashington is a town located in Northumberland, England. It had a population of 27,864 according to the 2011 Census. 

It is a small beautiful town. The people of Ashington speak a unique dialect of English known as Pitmatic. The town is 15 miles (24 km) north of Newcastle upon Tyne, west of the A189 and bordered to the south by the River Wansbeck. The North Sea coast at Newbiggin-by-the-Sea is 3 miles (5 km) away.

Ranipet district

Ranipet District is a district in Tamil Nadu. It is an industrial hub of Greater Vellore City. It is located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) from the Chennai city center. It is a major industrial town located on NH 4 Chennai-Bangalore highway, on the northern bank of the Palar River.The estimated population is 387,000 as of 2023.

Hythe

Hythe is the name of several towns near the sea, because in old English (Anglo-Saxon) its name means landing-place, port or haven. Many of these places in England are near the sea, but not all. Of course, the shoreline does gradually change.


Wetland is called in English "fens". Land draining for agriculture has made England much drier than it was a thousand years ago. The story of Hereward the Wake reminds us of how the land used to be.

Right Now (Korn song)

"Right Now" is the leading single from Korn's sixth studio album "Take a Look in the Mirror". It went to number 11 on the Billboard Alternative Rock chart and failed to chart in the United Kingdom and Australia.

List of country music performers

This is an alphabetical list of country music performers. It includes artists who played country music at some point in their career, even if they were not exclusively country music performers.



List of American female country singers

This is a list of American female country singers.



Climate of New Zealand

New Zealand has a temperate climate.
During the summer New Zealand has a subtropical climate. 
Winters are usually very mild, however inland alpine areas can experience freezing temperatures. 
Most places in New Zealand experience mild temperatures, moderate rainfall, and abundant sunshine.

The highest temperature ever recorded in New Zealand was on 7 February 1973 in Rangiora. 

The lowest temperature ever recorded in New Zealand was on 18 July 1903 in Ranfurly. 

Releasing Eskimo

Releasing Eskimo was a small record label in Sweden. The label released experimental and avant garde music. The label released music from artists such as Brainbombs, Merzbow and Aube. The last release on this label was in 1998 by Fredrik Bergström under "No Festival of Light".

Anna of Austria, Queen of Spain

Anna of Austria (2 November 1549 – 26 October 1580) was Queen of Spain when she married her uncle, King Philip II of Spain. During the last days of her life she was Queen of Portugal for a short time.

Anna was the oldest daughter of a man named Maximilian II, who was the emperor of the Holy Roman Empire. Her mother's was Empress Maria of Spain. Anna was born in Spain when her grandfather Charles V was ruling there. When Anna was four years old, she moved to live in a place called Vienna in Austria. Anna was Maximilian's favorite child, and he liked to play and gamble with her. 

She also took a Catholic Education.
Anna's parents wanted her to marry a royal person from Spain because they thought it would make the families of Austria and Spain be friends again. At first, Anna wanted to marry her cousin Don Carlos, but he died. Later, when Anna's aunt wife of Philip II died and left two little girls, King Philip II needed to get married again because he didn't have a son. So Anna and King Philip got engaged in February 1569, and they married by mail in May 1570. 

Anna traveled from Austria to Spain with her brothers in the Autumn of 1570. The queen of England Elizabeth I sent some men named Charles Howard and William Wynter to help Anna on her journey through the Netherlands. Some people who knew a man named Floris of Montigny hoped that King Philip would forgive him because Floris had been in prison since 1567. They asked Anna to help them, but she couldn't save Floris because he was killed on October 16, 1570, before Anna could meet King Philip.
When Anna arrived in Spain, a new household was made for her with a lady named Margarita de Cardona who had been the lady-in-waiting of Anna's mother before. Anna knew Margarita from when she was a child in Austria. Anna was happy and made the Spanish court less serious. Anna and King Philip had a happy marriage. He loved her very much and she was his favorite wife. King Philip didn't have any other mistress during their marriage. Anna had five children, but three of them died before King Philip did. The youngest son became King Philip III after his father died. Anna was also a good stepmother to King Philip's other daughters. 

Anna died in Badajoz from influenza eight months after having a baby named Maria. Anna was buried in Badajoz at first, but later her body was moved to El Escorial. 

Megarock Records

Megarock Records was a Swedish record label located in Stockholm formed in 1991 which focused on heavy metal music. The label's last release was some time in 2003 by band "3 Inches of Blood".

YHLQMDLG 2

Track Listing


Norrmalmstorg robbery

The Norrmalmstorg robbery was a bank robbery that happened at the Norrmalmstorg Square in Stockholm, Sweden, in August 1973. It was the first crime in Sweden to be covered on live TV. The robbery is known as the origin for the phrase "Stockholm syndrome".

The perpetrators were Jan-Erik Olsson, who was on leave from prison in August of 1973 when he went into a Kreditbanken in Norrmalmstorg and tried to rob it. Police were notified shortly after and arrived to the scene. One officer got injuries to his hand when Olsson opened fire at him. Olsson took 4 hostages and demanded his friend Clark Olofsson to be brought to the bank with him.

Olofsson was brought as a way to communicate with police negotiators. Negotiators said that they could have a car to escape but could bring the hostages with them if they wanted to leave. Olsson called Swedish prime minister, Olof Palme to say he would kill the hostages.

On August 26, police drilled a hole into the main vault from above. Olsson then shot into the hole twice which wounded one officer. Olsson fired his weapon then threatened to kill the hostages if the police tried gassing them. Regardless, the police used tear gas, where Olsson and Olofsson surrendered after 1 hour, with none of the hostages having any permanent injuries.

Disposal of a Dead Body (Brainbombs album)

Disposal of a Dead Body is the sixth studio album by Swedish band Brainbombs released in 2013 by Skrammel Records on vinyl LP. It is their longest album to date, having 24 songs. The album is full of previously unreleased songs recorded between 2009 and 2012, with 800 copies being pressed on black vinyl and orange vinyl for pre-orders. The track "Kill Them All" shares the same name with the first song on Obey but apart from the name, shares no similarities. The track "Agony" may be the only instrumental track that Brainbombs has released.

Luzmila Abad

Luzmila Mercedes Abad Morocho (Luis Cordero, September 4, 1978) is an activist and Ecuadorian politician. Recognized for her prominent role in the network of Amazonian women and her foundational contribution to the Plurinational Pachakutik Movement, currently serving as an assembly member for the province of Morona Santiago.

Abad, born on September 4, 1978, in Luis Cordero, is the eldest daughter of Segundo José Abad and Delia Morocho. Although her parents resided in Chupianza, where she was conceived, public health reasons led to her birth taking place in "Cañar – El Cordero." Her birth certificate reflects the birthplace in El Cordero, but her identity has always been linked to Chupianza, an integral part of the Santiago de Méndez canton.

From an early age, she showed a commitment to social activism, encouraging women to fight for their rights since her motherhood at the age of 15. Her upbringing was imbued with the rich Shuar-Achuar culture, and from a young age, she evidenced a deep bond rooted in her community.

Her participation was prominent in national events, such as the release of Pepe Acacho during the government of Rafael Correa. She facilitated the process for the first-time registration of a Shuar, Marcelino Chumpi, as prefect in the prefecture of Morona Santiago. Additionally, she played a significant role in the election of Tiyua Uyunkar as the first Achuar prefect. She was involved in the defense of citizens' rights after the death of Bosco Wisum, leader of the Shuar nation. As an activist, she advocated for the promotion and protection of children's rights, contributing to improving the living conditions of children in the region. Currently, she leads the network of Amazonian women.

Abad studied at Julio Matovelle School in Chupiantza Chico and at the Logroño agricultural technical school, obtaining her high school diploma in agriculture. She started her professional career in 2005 as a political lieutenant in Patuca and, in 2007, served as a secretary in the prefecture of Morona Santiago during the tenure of Jaime Mejía.

Despite facing interruptions, her educational pursuit included studies at ESPE Universidad de las Fuerzas Armadas, Instituto Intel Com, and later a bachelor's degree in business administration, currently in its final phase.

With 28 years of experience in Pachakutik and 16 years in the provincial government of Morona Santiago, Abad played key roles, including assistant, communicator, and secretary. Her experience covered fundamental areas of governmental administration and oversight, standing out as an expert in citizen participation.

She resigned from her position on June 7, 2023, motivated by the cross-death decree issued by President Guillermo Lasso, to participate in the general elections for the Assembly.

Sami Sohail

Sami Sohail (born 29 January 2002) is a Malawian cricketer. He has played for the Malawi national cricket team.

Daniel Kaswanga

Daniel Kaswanga (born 1 January 1960) is a former Malawian cyclist. He competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Raphael Kazembe

Raphael Kazembe (born 24 March 1947) is a former Malawian cyclist. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Boston Simbeye

Boston Simbeye (born 24 December 1959) is a former Malawian welterweight boxer. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Chiukepo Msowoya

Chiukepo Msowoya (born 23 September 1988) is a Malawian football player. He plays as a forward for Mighty Wanderers FC and the Malawi national team.

Willard Van Orman Quine

Willard Van Orman Quine (; known to his friends as "Van"; June 25, 1908 – December 25, 2000) was an American philosopher and logician in the analytic tradition. He is recognized as "one of the most influential philosophers of the twentieth century". He served as the Edgar Pierce Chair of Philosophy at Harvard University from 1956 to 1978.

Quine was a teacher of logic and set theory. Quine was famous for his position that first order logic is the only kind worthy of the name. Based on this idea, he developed his own system of mathematics and set theory, known as New Foundations. In the philosophy of mathematics, he and his Harvard colleague Hilary Putnam developed the Quine–Putnam indispensability argument, an argument for the reality of mathematical entities. He had the view that philosophy is not conceptual analysis, but continuous with science; the abstract branch of the empirical sciences. This led to his famous quip that "philosophy of science is philosophy enough". He led a "systematic attempt to understand science from within the resources of science itself" and developed an influential naturalized epistemology that tried to provide "an improved scientific explanation of how we have developed elaborate scientific theories on the basis of meager sensory input". He also advocated ontological relativity in science, known as the Duhem–Quine thesis.

His major writings include the papers "On What There Is" (1948), which elucidated Bertrand Russell's theory of descriptions and contains Quine's famous dictum of ontological commitment, "To be is to be the value of a variable", and "Two Dogmas of Empiricism" (1951), which attacked the traditional analytic-synthetic distinction and reductionism. It wasa against the then-popular logical positivism, advocating instead a form of semantic holism. They also include the books "The Web of Belief" (1970), which advocates a kind of coherentism, and "Word and Object" (1960), which further developed these positions and introduced Quine's famous indeterminacy of translation thesis, advocating a behaviorist theory of meaning.

Weatherby, Missouri

Weatherby is a village in DeKalb County, Missouri, United States.

Centerville, Missouri

Centerville is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is the county seat of Reynolds County.

Argos (retailer)

Argos Limited is a British catalogue retailer operating in the United Kingdom and formerly in the Republic of Ireland. Sainsbury's bought it in 2016. It started in November 1972 and is named after the Greek city of Argos. The company trades both through physical shops and online, with 29 million yearly shop customers, and nearly a billion online visitors per year. It has also franchised overseas to countries such as China.

Ellington, Missouri

Ellington is a city in Reynolds County, Missouri, United States.

Bunker, Missouri

Bunker is a city in Dent and Reynolds counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Mérobert

Mérobert is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Mespuits

Mespuits is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Milly-la-Forêt

Milly-la-Forêt is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Moigny-sur-École

Moigny-sur-École is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Les Molières

Les Molières is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Mondeville, Essonne

Mondeville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Monnerville

Monnerville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Montgeron

Montgeron is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

The café "Au Reveil Matin" at 22 Avenue Jean Jaurès was the starting point of the first Tour de France in 1903. Montgeron was also the starting point of the 21st (and last) stage of the 2017 Tour de France.

Montgeron is twinned with:

Montlhéry

Montlhéry is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Morangis, Essonne

Morangis is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Morigny-Champigny

Morigny-Champigny is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Tahesha Way

Tahesha Leila Way (née Wright; born 1969) is an American politician, lawyer, and judge. She is the 3rd and current lieutenant governor of New Jersey since 2023. She also is the 34th and current secretary of state of New Jersey since 2018.

Way worked as a lawyer in Totowa, New Jersey, and as an administrative law judge.

Way was a member and director of the Board of Chosen Freeholders in Passaic County, New Jersey.

On September 8, 2023, Murphy appointed Way as Lieutenant Governor of New Jersey, filling the vacancy caused by the death of Sheila Oliver.

Morsang-sur-Orge

Morsang-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Morsang-sur-Seine

Morsang-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Nainville-les-Roches

Nainville-les-Roches is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

La Norville

La Norville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Nozay, Essonne

Nozay is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Ollainville, Essonne

Ollainville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Oncy-sur-École

Oncy-sur-École is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Ormoy, Essonne

Ormoy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boac, Marinduque

Boac is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Marinduque. According to the 2020 census, 57,283 people lived there.

Oriental Mindoro

Oriental Mindoro is a province in the Philippines on the island of Mindoro. It is in the Mimaropa region. The provincial capital is Calapan, which is the only city in the island and the regional center of Mimaropa.

Candon

Candon is a city in the province of Ilocos Sur, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 61,432 people lived there.

The city is called the "Tobacco Capital of the Philippines". It is the country's largest producer of Virginia-type tobacco. Its patron saint is John of Sahagun and his feast day is celebrated every June 12. The name comes from the "kandong" tree, which is now extinct in the area.

Yoshihiro Togashi

Yoshihiro Togashi (born in 1966) is a japanese manga artist most known for "Yu Yu Hakusho" and "Hunter × Hunter. He is married to Naoko Takeuchi.

Mohammadhossein Khosravi

Mohammadhossein Khosravi (born 1 May 1999 in Ray, Iran ) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Saipa in the Azadegan League . 

Khosravi has a history of attending Fajr Sepasi Club, Astara Municipality, Mes Kerman, and Niro Zami. 


Aknaf Bait al-Maqdis

Aknaf Bait al-Maqdis is a Palestinian resistance group in the Syrian Civil War created in 2012. The group is a offshoot of Hamas (denied by Hamas) which is a offshoot of the Muslim Brotherhood. The group was later mostly dissolved in 2015 but 1 faction still remained loyal to Hamas and allied with other opposition groups such as Ahrar al-Sham and Al-Nusra. 

Again (Lenny Kravitz song)

"Again" is a 2000 song by Lenny Kravitz. It was the only single from his 2000 greatest hits album "Greatest Hits" and went to number 4 in the United States and Poland, number 1 in Italy and Iceland, number 5 in New Zealand and Croatia, number 2 in Portugal, number 10 in Spain, number 25 in the Netherlands and number 16 in Finland. It won a Grammy Award in 2001.

Australian CD single

Japanese CD single

UK CD single

European CD single

European CD single with free poster

Hassan Aboud

Hassan Aboud was one of the the leaders and founders of the Syrian Jihadist group Ahrar al-Sham and he led the group until he died in 2014. He was born in the year 1979 in Hama, Syria. He went by the alias Abu Abdullah al-Hamawi. He died by a bomb attack claimed to have been caused by the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, and ISIS.

Pseudophilautus puranappu

Puran Appu's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus puranappu") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sripada Peak in the Peak Wilderness, between 1800 and 2100 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 33.6 – 34.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 51.5 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is light brown in color with a dark red stripe from the nose to the rear end. The stripe can look like an hourglass. The sides of the body can be pink or yellow in color. The legs are dark brown-green in color. There is a mark between the eyes.

This frog is active at night, but people have seen it during the day. It sits on rocks in the shade.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", this frog hatches from its egg as a small frog. It never swims as a tadpole.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Faye Johnstone

Faye Barbara L. Johnstone (born 6 November 1961) is a retired archer from New Zealand. Johnstone competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Dale Lightfoot

Dale Lightfoot (born 7 September 1964) is a New Zealand archer. Lightfoot competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Clyde Butts

Clyde Godfrey Butts was born 8 July, 1957 in Perseverance, Guyana and died 8 December, 2023 in Eccles, Guyana. He was a West Indies cricketer who played 7 tests from 1985 to 1988. He also played for Guyana and Demerara in first-class cricket. He was killed in a car accident on the same day as Joe Solomon passed away.

European microstates

A European microstate is a microstate that is in the continent of Europe. By microstate is meant by "a country with a population of less than one million people or an area of less than six thousand square kilometers". The impossible case is Iceland, when are there cities on the island which has an area of 103 000 km2, but it has a small population.


Skrammel Records

Skrammel Records is a Swedish record label formed in 2010 in Stockholm Sweden. It is operated by Robert Bäckström and Mattis Rundgren, Rundgren is apart of many bands, but more notably Brainbombs, Brainbombs also releases under Skrammel.

Supergirl (Kara Zor-El)

Kara-Zor-El is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She is the heroine known as Supergirl. Born on Krypton to Superman's uncle and aunt, Kara was rocketed to Earth by her father to save her life. She was adopted by the Danvers family and became the protector of National City. In her secret identity she is Kara Danvers, a run-of-the-mill high-schooler. Possessing vast powers given by her Kryptonian physiology, Supergirl is one of the most powerful heroes in the world, and has been a member of the Justice League and the Red Lantern Corps.

She was created by Otto Binder and designed by Al Plastino. Danvers first appeared in the story "The Supergirl from Krypton" in "Action Comics" #252 (May 1959).

In live-action, Supergirl first appeared in the movie "Supergirl" (1984), played by Helen Slater. She later appeared in the television series "Smallville", played by Laura Vandervoort, and the Arrowverse series "Supergirl" (2015-2021), played by Melissa Benoist on the show and also appearing on other Arrowverse series. Sasha Calle appeared as Supergirl in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU) movie "The Flash" (2023), in which Slater also reprises her 1984 role in a cameo appearance. An upcoming standalone movie featuring the character titled "", is in development as an installment of the rebooted DC Universe (DCU) media franchise, and will be portrayed by Milly Alcock.

Again (Alice in Chains song)

"Again" is a 1996 song by Alice in Chains and is the third single from their third studio album "Alice in Chains". It went to number 8 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock charts and was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1997.

Red Lantern Corps

The Red Lantern Corps is a fictional supervillain and sometimes anti-heroic organization appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is one of the ten Lantern Corps that draw power from the Emotional Electromagnetic Spectrum. The original was the Green Lantern Corps, and the Red Lanterns have been enemies to the super-hero Green Lantern. Their power rings channel the emotion "rage," and the Red Lanterns are chosen from the angriest sentients in the universe. Their home planet is Ysmault, and their representative entity is the Butcher. Atrocitus is their leader.

The "Red Lantern Corps" was created by Geoff Johns and Ivan Reis, first appearing in "Green Lantern" (Volume 4) #25 (2008).

Souvenirs (Brainbombs album)

Souvenirs is the seventh studio album by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs. The release was hand pressed with 543 copies made in July 2016 by Skrammel Records.

Inferno (Brainbombs album)

Inferno is the seventh studio album by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs. It was released on vinyl LP by Skrammel Records in 2017. A limited edition of 300 copies contained a bonus 7" "Trust Me".

Representer theorem

The representer theorem states that any function that takes the form:

formula_1

where formula_2 is any loss function and formula_3 is any regularization term, the optimal solution, formula_4, will take the form:

formula_5

Where formula_6 is a kernel.

Moka's Fabulous Adventures

Moka's Fabulous Adventures () is a French animated children's television series created by Andres Fernandez and Maxance Sani. The series was animated by Xilam Animation with the participation of Gulli. 


Dante Martin

Dante Martin (born March 3, 2001) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He has also appeared in matches for Game Changer Wrestling (GCW). Dante is best known for being one-half of the tag team Top Flight with his older brother Darius Martin.

During his time in AEW, Martin has been the winner of the 2022 Casino Trios Royale with his brother Darius and AR Fox, as well as, the winner of the 2022 High Flyer Award at the Dynamite Awards.

On the October 27, 2020 episode of "Dark", Top Flight made thir debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). They were defeated by The Dark Order (Evil Uno and Stu Grayson). On the November 10 episode of "Dark", Top Flight won their firat match in AEW when they defeated the team of Baron Black and Frankie Thomas. On November 23, 2020, it was announced by AEW that Top Flight had signed a official contracts to become a members of the AEW roster. At Beach Break, Top Flight competed in a battle royal to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships. The match was won by the Inner Circle (Chris Jericho and MJF).

Dante began to wrestle singles matches after his brother Darius tore his ACL in February 2021. Martin had his first AEW singles match on the March 15 debut episode of "." He lost to Max Caster. On the March 3 episode of "Dark", Martin earned his first singles victory when he defeated Jack Evans. On the May 28 episode of "Dynamite", Martin challenged Miro for his TNT Championship but was defeated.

He then began teaming with Lio Rush. On the November 24 episode of "Dynamite", Martin betrayed Rush and joined Team Taz instead. This later was revealed as a plan by Rush. On the December 8 episode of Dynamite, Martin eliminated his Team Taz teammate Ricky Starks from the Dynamite Diamond Dozen Battle Royal, betraying Team Taz and winning the battle royal. At Winter Is Coming, Martin faced MJF for the Dynamite Diamond Ring but lost after being distracted by Ricky Starks coming down to ringside.

On the March 2, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Top Flight competed in the Casino Tag Team Royale match to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships. The match was won by The Young Bucks. On the March 9 episode of "Dynamite", Dante faced "Hangman" Adam Page for his AEW World Championship but was defeated.

Dante returned to singles action because of Darius being out of action after getting into a serious car accident. During his second singles run, Dante entered the Owen Hart Cup tournament but lost in the first round to Rey Fenix. He also faced Scorpio Sky for his TNT Championship, but lost.

Maxim Gustik

Maxim Vyachaslavavich Gustik (; 1 May 1988 – 9 December 2023) was a Belarusian freestyle skier. As an athlete, Gustik won the youth world championships in 2006 and 2007. He made his debut at the World Cup on 1 March, 2008 in Moscow, where he took 10th place, thus gaining the first points in his career. His best achievement at the World Championships was a bronze medal in Kreischberg, Austria in 2015.

On 9 December 2023, he died in a traffic collision. He was aged 35 at the time of his death.

Sweet and Low (Deborah Harry song)

"Sweet and Low" is a 1990 song by Deborah Harry and is the fourth single from her third studio album "Def, Dumb & Blonde". It went to number 57 in the United Kingdom and did better in Australia where it peaked at number 30. 

"All tracks (Deborah Harry, Chris Stein & Toni C.) unless otherwise noted."









Darius Martin

Darius Martin (born Seotember 20, 1999) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He also wrestles on their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH). Dante is best known for being one-half of the tag team Top Flight with his younger brother Dante Martin.

He has also appeared in matches for Game Changer Wrestling (GCW).

On the October 27, 2020 episode of "Dark", Top Flight made their debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). They would team and they were defeated by The Dark Order (Evil Uno and Stu Grayson). On the November 10 episode of "Dark", Top Flight won their first match in AEW when they defeated the team of Baron Black and Frankie Thomas. On November 23, 2020, it was announced by AEW that Top Flight had signed official contracts to become a members of the AEW roster. At Beach Break, Top Flight competed in a battle royal to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships. The match was won by the Inner Circle (Chris Jericho and MJF). Darius injured his ACL in February 2021 and Dante then fought in singles matches.

After Darius returned from injury, Top Flight was reunited. On the March 2, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Top Flight competed in the Casino Tag Team Royale match to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships. The match was won by The Young Bucks. Darius became out of action again after he was injured in a serious car accident.

After his return, Darius again teamed with his brother. On the November 16 episode of "Dynamite", Top Flight and AR Fox challenged Death Triangle for the AEW World Trios Championships but would be defeated. Top Flight
challenged FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) for the ROH Tag Team Championships on the November 25 episode of "Rampage" but lost. At Holiday Bash, Top Flight and Fox compete in the $300,000 Three Kings Christmas Casino Trios Battle Royal and threw out Claudio Castagnoli of the Blackpool Combat Club last to win the match.

Top Flight and Fox challenged The Elite twice for their AEW World Trios Championships but were beaten both times.

Bandar Abbas

Bandar Abbas () is a city in Iran. It is the capital of the Hormozgan province. Bandar Abbas is a port on the southern coast of the country, on the Persian Gulf. In 2016, 526,648 people lived there.

Bastak

Bastak () is a city in the Hormozgan province, Iran. It is the capital of Bastak County.

Shahr-e Kord

Shahr-e Kord (, also romanized as Shahrekord) is a city in Iran. It is the capital of the Chahar Mahaal and Bakhtiari province. In 2016, 190,441 people lived there.

Ben, Iran

Ben () is a city in the Chahar Mahaal and Bakhtiari province, Iran. It is the capital of Ben County.

Siquijor, Siquijor

Siquijor is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Siquijor. According to the 2020 census, 28,915 people lived there.

Issam Abdullah

Issam Bassam Hassan Khalil Abdullah (1986 - 13 October 2023) also known as Issam Abdallah was a Lebanese journalist born in the southern town of Khiam. He worked as a photographer and producer for Reuters. He was killed on 13 October 2023, while doing his journalistic work, after being targeted by an Israeli bombing near the village of Aalma ech Chaab.

Dalaguete

Dalaguete is a municipality in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 74,596 people lived there.

San Fernando, Cebu

San Fernando is a municipality in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 72,224 people lived there.

San Francisco, Cebu

San Francisco is a municipality in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 59,236 people lived there. It has mainly Pacijan and Tulang islands, which are part of the Camotes Islands.

Lancelot Hogben

Lancelot Thomas Hogben FRS FRSE (9 December 1895 – 22 August 1975) was a British experimental zoologist and medical statistician. He developed the African clawed frog ("Xenopus laevis") as a model organism for biological research in his early career. He also attacked the eugenics movement in the middle of his career, and wrote popular books on science, mathematics and language in his later career.

He created an international language, Interglossa, as 'a draft of an auxiliary for a democratic world order'.

Hogben was born and gew up in Southsea near Portsmouth in Hampshire. His parents were Methodists. He attended Tottenham County School in London, his family having moved to Stoke Newington, where his mother had grown up, in 1907, and then as a medical student studied physiology at Trinity College, Cambridge. Hogben graduated as a Bachelor of Science (BSc) fom Cambridge in 1914. He took his Cambridge degree in 1915, graduating with an Ordinary BA. He had acquired socialist convictions, changing the name of the university's Fabian Society to Socialist Society and went on to become an active member of the Independent Labour Party. Later in life he preferred to describe himself as 'a scientific humanist'.

In the First World War he was a pacifist, and joined the Quakers. He worked for six months with the Red Cross in France. He then returned to Cambridge, and was imprisoned in Wormwood Scrubs as a conscientious objector in 1916. His health collapsed and he was released in 1917.





Dinagat Islands

Dinagat Islands or the Province of Dinagat Islands, is a province of Philippines in the Caraga region, situated south of Leyte Gulf. To the west is the island of Leyte, separated by Surigao Strait, and to the south is Mindanao. The main island, Dinagat, spans about 60 kilometers from north to south.

The name of the islands mean "of the sea" or "like the sea", which comes from the root word dagat ("sea") in the Visayan languages.

The Dinagat Islands used to be part of the First District of Surigao del Norte Province. It became a province on December 2, 2006, with the approval of Republic Act No. 9355. President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo appointed the province's first officials on January 26, 2007. The first elected officials took office on July 1, 2007, after the May 14, 2007 elections.

However, on February 11, 2010, the Supreme Court declared the creation of Dinagat Islands Province null and void. This decision was not yet final before the May 10, 2010 elections. The elected officials continued to serve despite legal battles. On April 12, 2011, the Supreme Court reversed its earlier ruling, upholding the constitutionality of Republic Act No. 9355. The legal battles concluded on October 24, 2012, finalizing the separation of Dinagat Islands from Surigao del Norte.

In 2020, Dinagat Islands had a population of 128,117 people, with a density of 120 people per square kilometer or 310 people per square mile.

The original people of the province are called "Lumad," and residents of Dinagat Islands are known as "Dinagatnon". Most people in Dinagat Islands speak Cebuano, but those near Surigao del Norte's maritime border speak Surigaonon. Some areas speak Waray-Waray, Boholano, and Tausug languages. Many residents can also speak varying levels of Tagalog and English.

In terms of religion, the majority (53%) follow Catholicism, while the significant minority (23%) Follow the Philippine Independent Church. Other minority religions include Church Body of Christ-Filipinistas (12%), United Church of Christ in the Philippines (4%), Iglesia ni Cristo (4%), Islam and other smaller Christian groups.

Doom

Doom is another name for damnation.

Doom may also refer to:







Human development (biology)

Human development begins with the fertilization of a female's egg. 

The resulting zygote develops through mitosis and cell differentiation. The resulting embryo then sticks (implants) in the uterus. 

The embryo continues development after birth. This includes both physical and psychological development. It is influenced by genetic, hormonal, environmental, and other factors. 

Above all, humans have a brain which continues to grow after birth. That is how the species differs from the apes. It is the "solution" to the fact that a fully grown babies' heads would be too large to pass through the mother's birth canal.

It may be that the drying of the African climate played a part because it presented grassland instead of forests in many areas. Starting towards the end of the Miocene, African climate (which had been wet) became much drier. That offered a chance to proto-humans to move out of the forests onto the grassland. We know the climatic change took place because all the animals changed with it. Older types of (for example) elephants were replaced by elephants which had teeth suitable for eating grass. The change to a dryer climate happened more widely than just Africa. The Americas and Asia were also drier, and had faunal replacement also.

Ali Babacan

Ali Babacan (born 4 April 1967, Ankara) is a Turkish politician, economist and engineer. He is the founder and chairman of the Democracy and Progress Party (DEVA Party). Babacan, who served as Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey and Minister of Foreign Affairs and Economy of Turkey for 13 years between 2002 and 2015, served as the 22nd, 23rd, 24th and 26th Member of the Turkish Grand National Assembly (MP). He served as a member of parliament from Ankara for a period.

In 2001, he became a founding member of the Justice and Development Party (AK Party). In the 58th and 59th governments, he served as the state minister responsible for economy. In the 60th government, he served as foreign minister until May 1, 2009. Between 2005 and 2009, he served as chief negotiator, the position in which negotiations on Turkey's full membership to the European Union were conducted. On May 1, 2009, he was appointed deputy prime minister in a cabinet reshuffle. In the 61st and 62nd governments, he served as deputy prime minister.

During his ministry, Babacan took on the task of managing the economic reform program supported by billions of dollars of IMF loans; The Turkish economy has made a significant recovery after two serious economic crises.

He was among the founders of the Democracy and Progress Party, which was established on March 9, 2020, and was unanimously elected as the chairman of the party. On December 29, 2020, at the Grand Congress of his party, Ali Babacan, who was only a single candidate, was re-elected as chairman by receiving 515 delegate votes out of 523 delegates. The party has decided to participate in the 2023 general elections, which it will enter for the first time, with a joint list. 25 candidate places were reserved for DEVA from the CHP (RPP) lists and 1 candidate from the Good Party lists. As a result of the elections, 15 candidate MPs were elected. Ali Babacan became the Vice Presidential candidate of the Nation Alliance (MİLLET), but Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu could not take a position in the cabinet because he lost the elections in the second round with 47.8% of the votes.

Pliosaurus

Pliosaurus was an extinct genus of gigantic plesiosaur from the late Jurassic of Europe and South America. Their diet included fish, cephalopods, and marine reptiles. 

Most European species of "Pliosaurus" grew to about 8 metres (26 ft) long and weighed about 5 metric tons (5.5 short tons). Some would have been the largest plesiosaurs of all time, more than 10 metres (33 ft) in length. Their teeth were triangular in cross section.

Akari Takeshige

Akari Takeshige (born 15 January 2003) is a Japanese professional footballer

Takeshige made her WE League debut on 12 September 2021.

Samar (province)

Samar or the Province of Samar, is a province of Philippines. It is part of the Eastern Visayas region. Its capital is Catbalogan. It's next to Northern Samar, Eastern Samar, Leyte, and Leyte Gulf, including islands in the Samar Sea. A bridge known as the San Juanico Bridge connects Samar and Leyte. Samar was created from the historical province of Samar in 1768.

The word Samar is thought to come from the Visayan word "Samad," meaning "wound" or "cut," describing the rough and deeply carved landscape.

Samar province is on Samar Island in the Eastern Visayas region, covering an area of 6,048.03 square kilometers. It is surrounded by Northern Samar to the north, Eastern Samar to the east, Leyte and Leyte Gulf to the south, and the Samar Sea to the west.

In 2020, Samar province had a population of 793,183 people, with 130 inhabitants per square kilometer or 340 inhabitants per square mile.

Most people in Samar are Roman Catholic (95%). There are also smaller number of other Christians and Muslims. There are a few mosques in Samar too.

The main language spoken in Samar is Waray, spoken by 90.2% of the population. Other languages include Cebuano (9.8%), Boholano (8.1%), Tagalog (0.07%), and various other languages (0.5%). Waray has two types: Waray Lineyte-Samarnon spoken in the southern part and Waray Calbayog spoken in some northern areas.

Christmas Time (Bryan Adams song)

"Christmas Time" is a 1985 song by Canadian singer Bryan Adams and became a popular Christmas song. It is the B-side to the single "Reggae Christmas", written by Jim Vallance in 1978 after a meeting with Ringo Starr. It went to number 2 in Norway, number 14 in Germany, number 17 in Austria, number 18 in Switzerland, number 19 in Sweden, number 26 in Ireland, number 33 in the Netherlands, number 39 in Canada and number 55 in the United Kingdom.



Ormoy-la-Rivière

Ormoy-la-Rivière is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Orsay

Orsay is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. It is the home to the Paris-Saclay University.

Orveau

Orveau is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Paray-Vieille-Poste

Paray-Vieille-Poste is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Pecqueuse

Pecqueuse is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Le Plessis-Pâté

Le Plessis-Pâté is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Plessis-Saint-Benoist

Plessis-Saint-Benoist is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Prunay-sur-Essonne

Prunay-sur-Essonne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Puiselet-le-Marais

Puiselet-le-Marais is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Pussay

Pussay is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Richarville

Richarville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Roinville, Essonne

Roinville, also called Roinville-sous-Dourdan, is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Roinvilliers

Roinvilliers is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saclas

Saclas is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Cyr-la-Rivière

Saint-Cyr-la-Rivière is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Cyr-sous-Dourdan

Saint-Cyr-sous-Dourdan is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Escobille

Saint-Escobille is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Cabo Frio

Cabo Frio ("Cold Cape") is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. In 2020, 230,378 people lived here and its area is 410.418 km². It has beaches with fine sand. The Cabo Frio International Airport is in the city.

Mistletoe (Justin Bieber song)

"Mistletoe" is a Christmas song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber and was released on October 17, 2011. It is the lead single from his second studio album and first Christmas album "Under the Mistletoe" (2011). It went to number 2 in Norway, number 6 in Denmark, number 9 in Canada and Sweden, number 10 in Finland, number 11 in Latvia, New Zealand and the United States, number 12 in Austria, number 16 in Ireland, Lithuania, Spain and Switzerland, number 19 in Germany and the Netherlands, number 20 in Australia, number 21 in the United Kingdom and number 24 in Slovakia.

Three Brave Men

Three Brave Men is a 1956 American drama movie directed by Philip Dunne and starring Ray Milland, Ernest Borgnine, Frank Lovejoy. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Outfit (1973 movie)

The Outfit is a 1973 American crime movie directed by John Flynn and is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Richard Stark, pseudonym of Donald E. Westlake. It stars Robert Duvall, Karen Black, Joe Don Baker, Robert Ryan, Timothy Carey and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Cross of St. Peter

The Cross of St.Peter is a symbol, that looks like a Christian cross, but upside down. Saint Peter was an apostle, and a martyr. When he was sentenced to death, Peter requested that the cross be put upside down, because he felt unworthy of dying in the same way as Jesus.
The origin of the symbol comes from the belief that Peter the Apostle was crucified upside down, as told by Origen of Alexandria. The tradition first appears in the "Martyrdom of Peter". This is a text fragment found in the apocryphal "Acts of Peter". The text fragment may have been written eartier than the rest of the Acts of Peter. It was written no later than 200 A.D. Another important Christian who died in the same way was Saint Philip, the apostle.

South of Tana River

South of Tana River () is a 1963 Danish family adventure movie directed by Bent Christensen (who also stars), Henry Geddes and Sven Methling. It stars Poul Reichhardt, William Rosenberg, Axel Strøbye and Charlotte Ernst.

Biliran, Biliran

Biliran is a municipality in the province of Biliran, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 17,662 people lived there. Most people speak Waray.

Steamboat Willie

Steamboat Willie is a short film that Walt Disney made in 1928. It was about Mickey Mouse. It wasn’t the first Mickey Mouse cartoon but it was the cartoon that made Mickey Mouse popular. On January 1, 2024, "Steamboat Willie" entered the public domain.

Mickey Mouse is whistling on a boat but then Captain Pete yells at him for not doing his job of cleaning the boat. While the boat starts leaving, Minnie Mouse shows up but misses the boat so Mickey takes a hook from the boat and gives Minnie a wedgie to lift her onto the boat. Minnie takes her Ukuleles onto the boat but the goats on the boat eat Minnie’s music sheet, so Mickey uses the goats as Instrumentation so he and Minnie can play music. Captain Pete complains that Mickey isn’t doing his job and makes him peel potatoes. A parrot then laughs at Mickey.

Steamboat Willie led to cartoons with sound in them becoming popular and to Walt Disney making a lot of sound cartoons about Mickey Mouse who then became a popular character. Some people think that Steamboat Willie was Mickey’s name back then but it wasn’t. Steamboat Willie was the name of the boat. 

Toledo, Cebu

Toledo is a city in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 207,314 people lived there.

Naga, Cebu

Naga is a city in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 133,184 people lived there. It is within the Cebu metropolitan area. Naga was founded on June 12, 1829.

San Jose, Dinagat Islands

San Jose is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Dinagat Islands. According to the 2020 census, 26,375 people lived there.

San Jose is the home of the Philippine Benevolent Missionaries Association (PBMA).

Basilisa

Basilisa is a municipality in the province of Dinagat Islands, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 36,911 people lived there.

High Evolutionary

Doctor Herbert Edgar Wyndham, better known as the High Evolutionary, is a major antagonist from Marvel Comics.

He is a mad scientist wanting to make the perfect evolved human by mixing animal and human DNA together. He first appeared in "The Mighty Thor" #133 from 1966, before steadily becoming one of the many foes towards the Guardians of the Galaxy and the Avengers.

Chukwudi Iwuji portrayed the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3" (2023).

Maria Aurora

Maria Aurora is a municipality in the province of Aurora, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 44,958 people lived there.

List of secretaries of state of the United States

This is a list of people who served as the United States secretary of state.

Pseudophilautus newtonjayawardanei

Newton Jayawardane's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus newtonjayawardanei") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sripada Peak in the Peak Wilderness, between 1800 and 2000 meters above sea level.

The adult female frog is 38.4 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is the color of bronze metal. There is a white stripe in the middle of the back. There are dark brown stripes sideways from the eyes to where the legs meet the body. There is a dark brown mark between the eyes. There are small bronze marks on the nose and face. The sides of the body are lighter in color with green and brown and white spots. There are brown marks on the legs. The ends of the toes are almost white in color. The webbed skin is also off-white.

This frog lives in cloud forests where the branches come together like a roof. People have seen it sitting on leaves 8 m above the ground.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", this frog hatches from its egg as a small frog. It never swims as a tadpole.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Scientists named this frog after Newton Jayawardane, a doctor who helped save animals in Sri Lanka.

La Union

La Union is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Ilocos Region. Its capital is the city of San Fernando, which is also the regional center of the Ilocos Region.

Tephra

Tephra is fragmental material produced by a volcanic eruption regardless of composition, fragment size, or emplacement mechanism.

Urmia

Urmia () is a city in Iran. It is the capital of the West Azerbaijan province. In 2016, 736,224 people lived there. Lake Urmia, the second largest salt lake in the world. The majority of the city's people are Armenians, Assyrians, Azerbaijanis, Kurds and Persians.

Great Royal Wife

Great Royal Wife is the title that was used by the main wife of the pharaoh in Ancient Egypt.
In Egypt, most men were married only to one wife, but the pharaohs had more wives and women who lived with their main wife. This happened so pharaohs could marry the daughters of their friends of neighboring countries, which was common for ancient kings. The mother of the future king was not always the main wife, but after a pharaoh became king, his mother could be given the title of Great Royal Wife and other titles too. Some examples of this are Iset, who was the mother of Thutmose III, Tiaa, who was the mother of Thutmose IV, and Mutemwia, who was the mother of Amenhotep III.

Meretseger, who was married to Senusret III, might have been the first queen to have this title. However, she is only known from the New Kingdom, so it's possible that this title is not from that time. Maybe Nubkhaes from the Second Intermediate Period was the first person to have this title.

Evenes

Evenes () is a municipality in Nordland county, Norway. In 2022, 1,334 people lived there.


Vulture crown

Vulture crown is a crown that the great royal wives and important priestesses in ancient Egypt wore. It was connected with the vulture goddess Nekhbet. It looked like a vulture with wings hanging down on the sides.The crown was a symbol of protection. Sometimes the hat had another snake called the Uraeus on it too. This snake represented a goddess called Wadjet. 

In the beginning, the vulture crown was only shown in pictures of goddesses. But in the Fifth Dynasty, queens began to wear this crown all the time in their pictures.

The reason why queens wore the vulture crown was because the vulture is a symbol of motherhood. In ancient Egyptian, the word for "mother" is written with a picture of a vulture called mwt. 

As Nekhbet was a goddess who protected people, the vulture crown was connected with her. This made sense because the king was seen as a Horus, and the queen's role was seen as a protector.

One of the first queens to wear the vulture crown was Khentkaus Ii. In the New Kingdom, the vulture on the top of the crown was sometimes changed by a snake called uraeus. 

Antitoxin

An antitoxin is an antibody that can neutralize a specific toxin (or poison). Certain plants, animals, and bacteria produce them, when they are exposed to a toxin. Antitoxins can also be injected into another organism, as a treatment against an infectious disease. To produce an antitoxin, a safe dose of a toxin is injected into an animal. The animal will then produce an antitoxin. Later, blood is taken from the animal, and the antitoxin is extracted from it. It will be purified, and can be used.

SmileDirectClub

SmileDirectClub was an online dentistry company based in Nashville, Tennessee. It started in 2014 and went bankrupt in 2023. It made 3D-printed clear aligners for straightening teeth. They were sold in the United Kingdom for about £1,800 without the need to visit a dentist. It never made a profit and had nearly $900m worth of debt when it closed.

Agustín de Iturbide

Agustín de Iturbide (27 September 1783 – 19 July 1824) and later known as Emperor Agustín I of Mexico was an officer in the royal Spanish army. Iturbide born in what was then called Valladolid, now Morelia, the provincial capital of Michoacán, on 27 September 1783. He was baptized with the names of Saints Cosmas and Damian at the cathedral. The fifth child born to his parents, he was the only male to survive and eventually became head of the family. Iturbide's parents were part of the privileged landed class of Valladolid, owning agricultural land including the haciendas of Apeo and Guaracha as well as lands in nearby Quirio.

Iturbide's father, Joaquín de Iturbide, came from a family of the Basque gentry who were confirmed in nobility by King Juan II of Aragon. During the Mexican War of Independence and increased his influence outside the country. He even had credible plans for the reconquest of the old colony. For those reasons, no European noble would accept the offer of a Mexican crown. In Mexico itself, there was no Mexican noble family that the populace would accept as royalty. He was executed by firing squad on 19 July 1824.

His son Agustín Jerónimo de Iturbide y Huarte was the Pretender to the throne of Mexico and led a coalition of former royalists and long-time insurgents under his Plan of Iguala. The combined forces under Iturbide brought about Mexican independence in September 1821 A year later, he was proclaimed Emperor, reigning from 19 May 1822 to 19 March 1823, when he abdicated. In May 1823 he went into exile in Europe. When he returned to Mexico in July 1824, he was arrested and executed.

Andrew Lindsay

Andrew Lindsay (born 9 May 1976) is a New Zealand archer. Lindsay competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Robin Sampson

Robin David Sampson (born 23 November 1940) is a New Zealand archer. Sampson competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Spanish-speaking world

Over 600 million people speak Spanish. It is the fourth largest languages by number of speakers. It is the second largest language by number of native speakers. Spanish is the third widely spoken language.

Mexico is the largest Spanish-speaking country with about 130 million native speakers. There are 50 million native speakers found in Colombia, 47 million in Spain, 45 million in Argentina and 42 million in the United States.

In the European Union, Spanish is one of the 24 official languages and widely used in some institutions, and by almost all of the population in Spain and Andorra. It is a second language in some member states.

Estimates that include second language speaking vary greatly, from 360 million speakers to more than 500 million speakers. When combining native speakers and non-native speakers, Spanish is the fourth widely most spoken language worldwide.

Besides main dialects of Spanish, countries such as the United States, the Philippines, Equatorial Guinea, Paraguay, Uruguay and Nicaragua have millions of native speakers of dialect continua. These versions range from Spanish based creole languages to Standard Spanish. Other countries such as Peru and Bolivia also use Spanish as their primary official languages.

The United States now claims to be the second largest Spanish-speaking country in the world. The most reliable estimate is that 20% of the population or 70 million people speak Spanish, second only to Mexico. It may be two times larger in the next decade from 2022.

Fantômas (band)

Fantômas (also spelled as Fantomas) is an American heavy metal supergroup formed in 1998 in California. It has vocalist Mike Patton, drummer Dave Lombardo, guitarist Buzz Osborne and bassist Trevor Dunn. The band is named after Fantômas, a crime fiction character from France.

1999 - "Fantômas"

2001 - "The Director's Cut"

2004 - "Delìrium Còrdia"

2005 - "Suspended Animation"

Ant-Man (Scott Lang)

Ant-Man (real name Scott Edward Harris Lang) is a fictional character and superhero who appears in Marvel Comics universe. Scott was a reformed thief who became the second Ant-Man after the original superhero, Dr. Henry "Hank" Pym, and later became a member of the Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy, Nova Corps and Heroes for Hire.

The character was created by David Michelinie and John Byrne, and first appeared in "Avengers #181" in March of 1979, and appeared as Ant-Man in "Marvel Premiere #47" in April of 1979.

In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, he is portrayed by Paul Rudd in the titular movie "Ant-Man", its sequel "Ant-Man and the Wasp", and is a major character in "", and "". He returned in the third "Ant-Man" sequel, which is titled "".

Crispin Freeman voiced the character in "". Grant George has famously voiced the character in "" seasons 1-2, "Ultimate Spider-Man", "", and "Guardians of the Galaxy", as Josh Keaton voiced him in "", and Disney XD animated shorts.

Hank Pym

Dr. Henry Jonathan "Hank" Pym is a fictional character and superhero from the Marvel Comics universe, appearing as one of the main protagonists of the "Avengers" comics, and the main protagonist when he appeared in the "Tales of Astonish" and his titular comics.

He is a scientist who discovered the Pym Particles, a rare group of subatomic particles that he was cable to entrap and used to shrink or grow. He is the first character who has taken on the role of Ant-Man. During his early tenure, he would meet Janet van Dyne, his partner and later wife, who became "The Wasp" and could also grow big or shrink small. Pym's also a founding member of the Avengers, and has been a member of the Defenders, Secret Defenders, West Coast Avengers, Mighty Avengers, Illuminati, and Knights of the Atomic Round Table.

He was created by the late Stan Lee, the late Jack Kirby, and Larry Lieber, and first appeared in "Tales to Astonish #27" in January of 1962.

Since the character's appearance in the comics, Hank Pym has appeared in numerous media over the years, such as in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, where he is portrayed by Michael Douglas.

Hope van Dyne

Hope van Dyne is a fictional character played by Canadian actress Evangeline Lilly in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movie franchise, loosely based of the Marvel Comics character Hope Pym. She is the daughter of Hank Pym and Janet van Dyne, and a former chairwoman of the board of Pym Technologies. When Darren Cross attempted to create and sell a new weapon based on her father's Ant-Man Suit, van Dyne reunited with her father and, along with Scott Lang who succeeded Hank as Ant-Man, was able to defeat Cross. After these events, Pym found the possibility of saving his wife due to Lang's first experience in the Quantum Realm, from which van Dyne was finally being offered by her father a suit that belonged to her mother, therefore taking on the name of Wasp.

Over the course of another year, van Dyne would train alongside Lang, while forming a romantic relationship with him, until she broke up because Lang's actions during the Clash of the Avengers resulted in her and her father being wanted by the FBI. Two years later, van Dyne, Pym, and Lang successfully managed to retrieve her mother from the Quantum Realm and also faced Ava Starr when she became a threat to their plan of rescue. Van Dyne also reconciled with Lang and resumed their relationship.

Alongside her parents, van Dyne was among the half the population who turned to dust following Thanos' Snap. Five years later, during the Battle of Earth, van Dyne was resurrected, where she aided the Avengers in defeating Thanos and his army. After Thanos' army was disintegrated, van Dyne attended Tony Stark's funeral with Lang and her parents and later returned home to San Francisco to celebrate their victory with Cassie Lang.

Dralístico

Carlos Muñoz González (born 1991) is a Mexican masked luchador. He is better known by his ring name Dralístico. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He also wrestles for their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH) and Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA).

Dralístico has previously wrestled for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL). In CMLL, he wrestled under the ring names Dragon Lee and Místico. He wrestled under the mask and name of Místico after the original Místico went to WWE as Sin Cara.

During his time in AAA, Dralístico was a one-time AAA World Tag Team Champion. In CMLL, he was a one-time CMLL World Tag Team Champion, two-time CMLL World Trios Champion, and a one-time CMLL World Welterweight Champion.

On September 4, 2021, Dralístico would be announced as a new member of the stable La Facción Ingobernable. At Héroes Inmortales XIV on October 9, he would make his Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA) debut.

At Noche de Campeones, Hermanos Lee (Dragon Lee & Dralistico) would defeat FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) to become the new AAA World Tag Team Champions. When Dragon Lee announced he was signing with WWE, Hermanos Lee vacated the championships.

On December 23, 2022 at Holiday Bash, Dralístico would make his All Elite Wrestling (AEW) debut. He would team with La Facción Ingobernable and they would compete in the $300,000 Three Kings Christmas Casino Trios Battle Royal. The match would be won by Top Flight (Dante and Darius Martin) and AR Fox. On the December 26 episode of "", Dralístico would get his first victory in AEW when he defeated Blake Christian. At Battle Of The Belts VI, he would challenge Orange Cassidy for his AEW International Championship but would lose.

At Full Gear, Dralístico and Rush would compete in a four-way tag team ladder match for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but would lose.

González's father Arturo Muñoz Sánchez was also a professional wrestler and performed under the names Toro Blanco, Poder Boriqua, Poder Mexico, Comandante Pierroth, and La Bestia del Ring. Both his older and younger brothers are also professional wrestlers. They compete under the ring names Rush and Dragon Lee respectively.

X-Force

X-Force is a fictional team of mutants from the Marvel Comics universe that deals with covert black-ops missions against all kinds of threats whether they be mutant terrorists to anti-mutant groups. X-Force differs from the main X-Men as unlike their more heroic counterparts, X-Force are anti-heroes in nature and are more militant, aggressive, and lethal. Despite this the team has featured some X-Men members over the years most notably Wolverine, X-23, Archangel, Psylocke, Warpath, the Age of Apocalypse version of Nightcrawler, and even Storm.

Younger Now (song)

"Younger Now" is a 2017 song by Miley Cyrus and is the title track to her sixth studio album "Younger Now". It went to number 79 in the United Kingdom, number 54 in the United States, number 49 in Australia, number 48 in Canada and number 64 in Japan.

Digital download (the remixes EP)

Endless Summer Vacation

Endless Summer Vacation is the 2023 album by American singer Miley Cyrus. It is the eighth studio album released on March 10,2023.
It is her first new body of work since leaving RCA Records after her seventh studio album Plastic Hearts (2020) and signing with Columbia in early 2021.

The album was supported by three singles. The lead single, "Flowers", set several streaming and chart records and spent eight weeks atop the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, marking Cyrus's second number-one in the country, and topped the charts in 36 other countries. "River" and "Jaded" followed as subsequent singles in March and April 2023.

The album included the following songs:
ferences ==

Now Business News Channel

Now Business News Channel (:now财经台) ,It is the first self-made TV channel of now TV in Hong Kong. It was launched at 09:00 on March 20, 2006 and officially launched at 10:00 on the same day.

List of Oggy and the Cockroaches episodes

Oggy and the Cockroaches is a French animated television series. This is a list of episodes.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<noinclude>

2013–14 Luton Town F.C. season

The 2013–<dfn>14 season</dfn> was the <dfn>128th in the</dfn> history of Luton Town Football Club and the club's fifth consecutive season in non-League football following a mid-table finish in the 2012–13 campaign. Luton won promotion to the Football League and were crowned Conference Premier champions.

Dreams of Ordinary Men (song)

"Dreams of Ordinary Men" is a 1986 song by New Zealand group Dragon and is the title track to their eighth studio album "Dreams of Ordinary Men". It went to number 17 in Australia and number 43 in New Zealand. It was written by Todd Rundgren.



I Want That Man

"I Want That Man" is a 1989 song by Deborah Harry and is the leading single from her third studio album "Def, Dumb & Blonde". It went to number 13 in the United Kingdom, number 2 in Australia, number 8 in New Zealand, number 7 in Ireland and number 48 in Belgium. It also went to number 2 on the Billboard Alternative Airplay chart.

"I Want That Man" was written by Tom Bailey and Alannah Currie. "Bike Boy" was written by Deborah Harry and Chris Stein.

US and Australian 7-inch and cassette single

US 12-inch single

US CD single

UK 7-inch and cassette single

UK and Australian 12-inch single, UK CD single
UK and Australian CD single

European CD single

Cleopatra III

Cleopatra III was a queen of Egypt. She ruled at first with her mother Cleopatra II and husband Ptolemy VIII from 142 to 131 BC and again from 127 to 116 BC. She then ruled with her sons Ptolemy IX and Ptolemy X from 116 to 101 BC.

Cleopatra III's uncle Ptolemy VIII ruled with her parents from around 170 BC to 164 BC. Then, he kicked out Cleopatra II and Ptolemy VI. But Ptolemy VIII later had to leave the throne in 163 BC. 

Clelopatra II and Ptolemy VI took back the throne and ruled for almost 20 years until 145 BC. Cleopatra III was born during this time, between 160 and 155 BC. She had four siblings: Ptolemy Eupator, Cleopatra Thea, Ptolemy VII Neos Philopator, and maybe Berenice. Ptolemy VI died in 145 BC because he got hurt when he fell off his horse during a battle against Alexander Balas. After that, Cleopatra III's uncle Ptolemy VIII became the king of Egypt again.
In the year 145 BC, Ptolemy VIII married Cleopatra II's mom. Later, around 139 BC, he married Cleopatra III. Cleopatra II didn't like Ptolemy VIII, so she rebelled against him around 132 BC. Cleopatra III had to leave Alexandria and go to Cyprus with her husband in 130 BC. But in 127 BC, she was able to go back to Alexandria. Around 124 BC, Cleopatra III and her husband were living with Cleopatra II again as joint rulers. 
In the year 116 BC, Ptolemy VIII died. After that, Cleopatra III ruled with her mother Cleopatra II and her son Ptolemy IX. Cleopatra II died that year or early the next year (115 BC).

Cleopatra III made Ptolemy IX leave Alexandria in the year 107 BC and replaced him with her second son, Ptolemy X. They ruled together for six years. After that, Ptolemy X killed his mother Cleopatra III in the year 101 BC. Cleopatra III was then succeeded by Ptolemy X, possibly ruling together with his wife Berenice III, who was the granddaughter of Cleopatra III.

Aalma ech Chaab

Aalma ech Chaab (Arabic: علما الشعب) is a village in the Tyre District, in Southern Lebanon. It is 110 km (68.354 mi) away from Beirut, the capital of Lebanon.

2022–23 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2022–23 season is the 90th season for the Austrian football club FC Red Bull Salzburg and the club's 34th consecutive season in the top league of Austrian football. Salzburg also participated in this season's editions of the Austrian Cup and the UEFA Champions League. The title was the 10th in a row.

Christian Party (UK)

The Christian Party (also the Scottish Christian Party and Welsh Christian Party ) is a minor political party in Great Britain. 

It started in May 2004 in Stornoway by George Hargreaves, a Pentecostal minister. It was then called Operation Christian Vote. It contested the 2004 European Elections in the Scotland constituency. It got 1.8% of the popular vote. Candidates have stood at various bye-elections since then. In the 2009 European elections they got 51,336 votes (2.9%).in the London region. Except in Na h-Eileanan an Iar they have usually lost their deposits.

Jawad El Yamiq

Jawad El Yamiq (; born 29 February 1992) is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Saudi club Al-Wehda and the Morocco national team. He was part of the Moroccon national team that played in the 2018 African Nations Championship and 2022 FIFA World Cup.
On 10 November 2022, he was named in Morocco's 26-man squad for the 2022 FIFA World Cup that was scheduled to be held in Qatar. After Morocco defeated Canada 2–1 in a World Cup match, El Yamiq made headlines as he was seen waving a Palestinian Flag during the post-match celebrations.

Godavari River

The Godavari, also known as Dakshina Ganga, is the second longest river in India which flows for 1,465 kilometers and covers about 10% of India's total area. It originates in Trimbakeshwar, Nashik, Maharashtra, and flows through several states, ultimately emptying into the Bay of Bengal. With a large basin, the Godavari is one of the biggest rivers in India, only surpassed by the Ganges. 

The river has cultural and religious importance in Hindu scriptures and is known as the "Dakshina Ganga". Over the years, dams and barrages have been constructed on the river, impacting its natural flow and increasing the risk of flooding in its delta region.

The Godavari River is important to Hindus, many people have visited its banks for thousands of years as part of a cleansing ritual. Hindu Deities like Baladeva and saints like Chaitanya Mahaprabhu are believed to have bathed in its waters. Additionally, there's a religious fair called Pushkaram held every twelve years along the riverbanks.

In the past, people would go on a pilgrimage called "Sapta Sāgara Yatra" along the holy waters of the Godavari River's seven mouths to seek blessings for having children. The pilgrimage included bathing at specific locations like Tulyabhaga river, Coringa village, and others, with the journey concluding near Narsapuram or Antarvedi after bathing in different branches of the river.

Fortville, Indiana

Fortville is a small town in the Vernon Township area. Its district is Hancock County, Indiana, United States. The population was 4,784 at the 2020 census.

Fortville is in the northwest corner of Hancock County, Indiana aligned to the neighboring Hamilton County, which forms the northwest boundary and Madison County, which borders to the north. It's estimated 25 miles northeast of Indianapolis and is a part of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Area.

The 2010 census says, Fortville has a total area of 2.91 sq mi, of which 2.9 sq mi is land and .01 sq mi is water.

Even with rare droughts throughout central Indiana, Fortville has a stable and trustworthy supply of water because it is situated over a natural aquifer.

In 1849, Fortville was originally called Walpole. It was named for Cephas Fort, the original owner of the town's grounds. Fortville was incorporated as a town and renamed in in 1865.

The most historic piece is the Browne-Rafert House on Merrill Street was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015.

As of the census of 2020, there were 4,784 people, 1,970 households, and 1,302 families living in the town. The population was . There were 2,057 housing units at an average housing density of . The race percentages of the town was 89.2% White, 1.8% Black, 0.3% Native American, 0.9% Asian, 1.7% from other races, and 6.0% from two or more races.

There were 1,970 households, 34.6% had children under 18 living with them, 45.0% were married couples living together, 28.2% had a female house keeper with no husband present, 18.7% had a male house keeper with no wife present, and 33.9% were non-families. 27.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years or older. The average household size was 2.43 people.

The median age in the town was 35.3 years. 25.7% of residents were under 18, 8.2% were between 18 and 24, 28.7% were from 25 to 44, 23.9% were from 45 to 64; and 13.6% were 65 or older. The gender makeup of the town was 48.5% male and 51.5% female.

Landmark Park is located at Staat St and Veteran's Court, just East of Main Street.

The entrance to Memorial Park is located just west of Church and McCarty streets.

The town house schools for the Mt. Vernon Comm Schools Coorp. The district houses three elementary schools, one middle school, and one high school. The schools usually receive an A+ score from the State of Indiana.

The town has a library, the Fortville-Vernon Township Public Library.

Fortvilles historic downtown is home to local retailers, restaurants, and service providers. The downtown is also an attraction for arts and culture.


Men of Tomorrow (1932 movie)

Men of Tomorrow is a 1932 British drama film.


Allianz Stadion

The Allianz Stadion ( Weststadion in UEFA competitions and in everyday usage) is a football stadium in the 14th district of Penzing in Vienna. It was built on the site of the Gerhard Hanappi Stadium as the new home of SK Rapid Vienna. The stadium was built from 2014 to 2016 and is in use since the 2016/17 season.
The total costs for the new building were 53 million Eeuros. Almost 20 million euros came from the city of Vienna. The remaining costs were partly raised by the Allianz Group and by SK Rapid through long-term loan financing. 

The new stadium was rotated 90 degrees compared to the old Hanappi-Stadium. It is now in the north-south direction . At the beginning of July 2016, the construction company STRABAG handed over the stadium to SK Rapid after 17 months of construction.

The club offered its members the opportunity to view the stadium for the first time before the official opening on 9 July 2016. As part of the event, former SK Rapid players played in a “legends duel” against a team consisting of former players from First Vienna FC 1894 and Wiener Sportklub. The game ended 8:2. Andreas Herzog scored the first goal in the Allianz Stadium.

The opening game was played on 16 July 16 between SK Rapid Wien and the English club FC Chelsea. The host beat Chelsea 2-0 in front of 28,000 fans. The first league match was versus SV Ried on 23 July in the 2016/17 Austrian Football Championship. The game ended with a 5-0 home win for the Austrian record champions. Christoph Schößwendter scored the first competitive goal in the Allianz Stadium. 

In the summer of 2018, more than 7,200 square meters of lawn had to be replaced due to fungal infestation and some soil had to be removed, the cost was around 100,000 euros.

Curiosity Stream

Curiosity Stream Inc., often called Curiosity, is an American streaming service started in 2015 by Discovery Channel founder John S. Hendricks. It offers documentaries, films, and TV shows. By 2021, it had around 20 million subscribers.

The service makes its own shows and also includes content from other producers. It became available on various platforms, including Amazon Channels and Comcast's Xfinity Stream app. The company, led by Clint Stinchcomb since 2018, expanded internationally and acquired other educational platforms. In 2021, it rebranded as Curiosity, which includes the streaming service, a TV channel, and a production studio.

Curiosity Stream's content focuses on science, history, technology, and nature, with options for children. Notable shows include "Beyond the Spotlight", and "Rescued Chimpanzees of the Congo with Jane Goodall." Originally, priced at $19.99 per year, the service's cost increased to $39.99 per year by May 2023.

Tripmasters

Tripmasters, originally Solar Tours, was founded in 1984 by Maria Checa in Washington, D.C. It started with trips to Peru, later expanding to Latin America, Europe, Asia, and the Pacific. In 1997, Maria's son, Rafael Checa, joined and shifted the focus to online custom trip planning. The company rebranded to Tripmasters in 2012 with Rafael as CEO.

Based in Silver Spring, Maryland, Tripmasters offers customizable travel itineraries, including hotels, transport, and activities. It covers destinations across Latin America, Europe, Asia, and the Pacific and provides tools for users to build their own itineraries, including cruises and city tours. Tripmasters is known for investing $20 million in the Amor Arenal hotel in Costa Rica and has an A+ rating from the BBB. 

Applause at the windows during the Covid-19 pandemic

Applause at the window was done by some people. It was meant to thank health workers during the confinement of the first half of 2020. 

It was a way for people to show appreciation to health professionals working hard during the lockdown.

The social phenomenon took place in many countries and got recognition at an international level, These are the countries where this social ritual took place:

Flight Centre Travel Group

Flight Centre Travel Group (FCTG) is an Australian travel agency headquartered in Brisbane. Founded in 1982 by Graham Turner and Geoff Harris, it has expanded globally and operates under various names in countries like Australia, New Zealand, the United States, Canada, the UK, South Africa, India, China, Hong Kong, Singapore, the UAE, and Mexico. In the US, it's known as Liberty Travel, Travel Associates, and GOGO Worldwide Vacations. Its portfolio also includes StudentUniverse, FCM Travel Solutions, and several other brands.

The company began with a store in Sydney in 1982 and expanded internationally in the mid-1990s. It acquired StudentUniverse in 2015, and launched online travel brands BYOjet and Aunt Betty in 2016. In New Zealand, Flight Centre operates multiple brands, including Cruiseabout and Travel Money NZ.

However, FCTG was hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to a significant drop in its share price, staff redundancies, and store closures. The company raised emergency equity in April 2020 and sought additional financial support in June 2020. 

Flight Centre has faced controversy, including allegations of discriminatory pricing, undisclosed flight mark-ups, and price gouging. In 2018, it was criticized for its workplace culture, and during the pandemic, it was scrutinized for its refund policies and accused of underpaying staff.

Saiph

Saiph is the sixth-brightest star in the constellation of Orion. It is the star at the South-Eastern corner of Orion. When viewing Orion from the northern hemisphere, Saiph would be found in the lower left of Orion. A southern hemisphere viewer would find Saiph in the upper right section of the constellation. Parallax measurements have found that Saiph is about 650 light years away from the sun, which is about the same as Betelgeuse. Although being smaller and less bright, Saiph has a hotter surface than Rigel.

Iteso

The Iteso are a Nilotic ethnic group in Eastern Uganda and Western Kenya. The language they speak is Ateso.
A man is called Etesot and a woman is called Atesot.

Mug shot of Donald Trump

On August 24, 2023, after being formally charged on racketeering and similar charges, Donald Trump agreed to turn himself in to police at the Fulton County Jail in Atlanta, Georgia, where a mug shot of him was taken. It is the first and only police booking mug shot of a U.S. president.

After it was released, the mug shot was used in Internet memes, used on items by Trump's 2024 presidential campaign, and put on many newspaper front pages worldwide.

Scholastique Mukasonga

Scholastique Mukasonga (born 1956) is a French-Rwandan author. She was born in the former Gikongoro province of Rwanda. She is a Tutsi and was deported to a refugee camp when she was 4 years old. In 1973 she escaped to Burundi. She came to France in 1992 and was a social worker for the students of the University of Caen. In 1994, 37 members of her family were killed during the Rwandan genocide.

In 2012, She won the prix Renaudot and the prix Ahmadou-Kourouma for her book "Our Lady of the Nile." She was a finalist for the International Dublin Literary Award and the "Los Angeles Times" Book Prize. In 2014 she won the Seligmann Prize against racism and intolerance and in 2015 the prize Société des gens de lettres. She lives in Normandy, France.




Pseudophilautus sirilwijesundarai

Siril Wijesundara's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus sirilwijesundarai") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sripada Peak in the Peak Wilderness, between 1600 and 1700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 22.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 32.5 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is dark brown with some green. There are dark red spots on both sides of the body. There is a dark red mark under each eye. The sides of the body are dark red with yellow-white marks. There are dark red marks on all four legs and all ten toes. The front of the neck is are dark brown.

This frog lives in cloud forests on mountains. People have seen it sitting on branches 10 m above the ground, near moss.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", this frog hatches from its egg as a small frog. It never swims as a tadpole.

Scientists named this frog after Siril Wijesundara, director of Sri Lanka's Royal Botannical Gardens.

Luis von Ahn

Luis von Ahn (born August 19, 1978) is a Guatemalan entrepreneur and a professor at Carnegie Mellon University. He is known for his work in crowdsourcing, and he founded reCAPTCHA, later sold to Google, and Duolingo.

Von Ahn was born in Guatemala City to a well-off family. His mother, a pioneering woman in Guatemala's medical field, had him at age 42. He attended the American School of Guatemala and developed an early interest in technology. Von Ahn studied at Duke University, earning a Bachelor's degree in Mathematics in 2000, and later received a PhD in Computer Science from Carnegie Mellon University in 2005.

Initially working in cryptography, von Ahn gained fame for his work on CAPTCHAs, tests used to prevent automated abuse on websites. His PhD introduced the concept of "human computation," combining human and computer power to solve problems. He developed games like the ESP Game, later licensed by Google. In 2007, he created reCAPTCHA, a CAPTCHA that digitizes books.

In 2009, von Ahn co-founded Duolingo, a language education platform. Duolingo saw increased users during the COVID-19 pandemic and, as of May 2020, was valued at $1.5 billion.

Von Ahn's work on CAPTCHAs and human computation earned him several awards, including a MacArthur Fellowship in 2006. He received recognition from various sources, such as being named one of the 50 Best Brains in Science and being awarded the Lemelson-MIT prize in 2018.

Von Ahn has won teaching awards at Carnegie Mellon University. He taught a course titled "Science of the Web" that combined graph theory and social science.

In 2021, von Ahn established the Luis von Ahn Foundation to support Guatemalans, especially women and girls, through financial aid to local leaders and nonprofit organizations. In 2022, the foundation planned to donate $3 million to organizations focusing on women's and girls' equality, environmental conservation, democracy, and youth participation.

Philautus aurifasciatus

The Java bubble-nest frog or gold-striped tree frog ("Philautus aurifasciatus") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have only seen this frog higher than 900 meters above sea level.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a big place. It lives in forests high up in the hills. Some of the places it lives are in protected parks.

This frog lays eggs in holes in trees. It hatches out of its egg as a small frog and never swims as a tadpole.

Jaysh al-Islam

Jaysh al-Islam is a Syrian rebel group that operated during the Syrian Civil War The group used to be a part of the FSA, but on December 2012, they split away from FSA due to unknown reasons. The primary base of operations for Jaysh al-Islam was the city of Damascus, which is the capital of Syria. The group seeks to form a Islamic State in Syria based off of the laws of Islam using Jihadism. The group along with its ally Ahrar al-Sham is mainly supported by Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, and Turkey. However the group has been designed a terrorist group by the countries of Egypt (for collaboration with Aknaf Bait al-Maqdis), Syria, UAE, and Iran.

Ansar al-Din Front

Ansar al-Din Front is a jihadist group that was created in mid 2014 during the Syrian Civil War. Currently the subgroups within the Ansar al-Din Front areː Ahrar al-Sham (pro ISIS faction), Aknaf Bait al-Maqdis, Harakat Sham al-Islam and Harakat Fajr ash-Sham al-Islamiya. There is also one observing member Tahrir al-Sham within the Ansar al-Din Front.

Ann Shurrock

Margaret Ann Shurrock (born 22 May 1946) is a retired New Zealand female archer. Shurrock competed at the 1984 and 1988 Summer Olympics.

Ken Uprichard

Kenneth ("Ken") Philip Uprichard (born 13 May 1980) is an archer from New Zealand. Uprichard competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Parsis

The Parsis are a ethnic and religious group in India and Pakistan who follow Zoroastrianism. They are descendants of Persians who moved to the region to escape religious persecution during the Arab conquest of the Persian Empire. There are only around 60-70 thousand Parsis in both India and Pakistan. 

The term "Parsi" comes from the Persian language word (پارسی), meaning "inhabitant of Pārs (Persia)" or Persian.

Choe Ok-sil

Choe Ok-sil (born 29 January 1974) is a female North Korean archer. Ok-sil competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Han Sun-hi

Han Sun-hi (born 3 May 1955) is a North Korean archer. Sun-hi competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Jang Sun-yong

Jang Sun-yong (, born 6 August 1951) is a North Korean archer. Sun-yong competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Ju Chun-sam

Ju Chun-Sam (주춘삼, born 3 August 1950) is a North Korean archer. Chun-sam competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Kang Un-ju

Kang Un-ju (born 1 February 1995) is a North Korean archer. Un-ju competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Kim Gye-jong

Kim Gye-jong (born 27 July 1956) is a North Korean archer. Gye-jong competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Kim Ho-gyu

Kim Ho-Gyu (born 14 November 1950) is an archer from North Korea. Ho-gyu competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Kim Hyang-min

Kim Hyang-min (born 4 February 1942) is a North Korean archer. Hyang-min competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

The Pest Informer

The Pest Informer is an American pest control company that was founded in 1994 by David Floyd. Based in Raleigh, North Carolina, the company is known for offering money to release cockroaches into customer homes to test pest control techniques.

After working for 5 years as a pest control technician, Floyd began The Pest Informer in 1994.

In early 2022, The Pest Informer bought The Safer Pest Control Project to provide environmentally-friendly pest control services. The same year, the company began to offer $2,000 to release 100 cockroaches into people's homes, in order to test out their service. In November 2023, the company bean to offer $2,500 for one participant.

Kim Jong-hwa

Kim Jong-hwa (born 23 June 1970) is a North Korean archer. Jong-hwa competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Kwon Un-sil

Kwon Un-sil (born September 17, 1983) is an archer from North Korea. Un-sil competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Vox (website)

Vox is an American news and opinion website. The website was started in April 2014 by Ezra Klein, Matt Yglesias, and Melissa Bell, and is known for using explanatory journalism.

"Vox" also includes a YouTube channel, some podcasts, and a show presented on Netflix. Many sources say that "Vox" is left-leaning and progressive.

Li Myong-gum

Li Myong-gum (born 6 June 1968) is a North Korean archer. Myong-gum competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

O Gwang-sun

O Gwang-sun (born 17 July 1964) is a North Korean archer. O Gwang-sun competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Sin Song-hui

Sin Song-hui (born 24 March 1970) is a North Korean archer. Song-hui competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Sok Chang-suk

Sok Chang-suk (born 1 February 1963) is a North Korean archer. Chang-suk competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Son Hye-yong

Son Hye-yong (born February 25, 1980) is an archer from North Korea. Hye-yong competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Johannes Akkerhaugen

Johannes Akkerhaugen (born 11 August 1939) is a Norwegian archer. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Martinus Grov

Bertil Martinus Grov (born November 3, 1974) is a retired archer from Norway. Grov competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, 1996 Summer Olympics, and the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Mountain Province

Mountain Province is a province in the Philippines, located in Luzon's Cordillera Administrative Region. The provincial capital is Bontoc. The name of the province is often shortened to Mt. Province by locals. The name comes from being in the Cordillera Central mountain range on Luzon island. Mountain Province was the historical name for a larger province, established in 1908 and later split into Mountain Province, Benguet, Kalinga-Apayao, and Ifugao in 1966. 

The Mountain province is full of natural beauty and is famous for it's mummy caves with naturally preserved bodies and hanging coffins.

Mountain Province is in Luzon, covering an area of about 2,157 square kilometers. It's surrounded by Kalinga to the north, Isabela to the east, Ifugao to the south, Benguet to the southwest, Ilocos Sur to the west, and Abra to the northwest. Most of the province, around 83%, is mountainous, with hills and levels making up the remaining 17%. The region has rivers, waterfalls, mountains, and caves. The central and western parts are rugged with steep cliffs, while the east has generally sloping terrain.

Mountain Province had around 158,200 people in 2020, with 73 inhabitants per square kilometer. The largest ethnic group is Kankanaey, making up 51.8% of the population, followed by Balangao at 13.46% and Bontoc at 12.28%. Other groups include Ilocano, Applai, Binontok, and Kalinga.

Regarding religion, about 60% of the province adheres to Anglicanism. Other religions like Roman Catholicism, Islam and other Christians are also present. Mountain Province stands out as the only predominantly Protestant province in the Philippines.

Jan Erik Humlekjær

Jan Erik Humlekjær (born 1946) is a Norwegian archer. Erik Humlekjær competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics.

CoinDesk

CoinDesk is an American news site that mainly covers bitcoin and digital currencies. Founded by Shakil Khan, the site was later bought by Digital Currency Group for around US$500,000–600,000.

The Dodo

The Dodo is an American media company and digital publisher that mainly tells animals' stories. The Dodo is headquartered in New York City. It was launched in January 2014 by Izzie Lerer, the daughter of media executive Kenneth Lerer, and journalist Kerry Lauerman.

TechCrunch

TechCrunch is an American online newspaper that covers technology and startup companies. It was founded in June 2005 by Archimedes Ventures, led by Michael Arrington and Keith Teare.

In 2010, AOL bought the company for around $25 million. After Verizon bought AOL, it was owned by Verizon Media from 2015 through 2021. In 2021 Verizon sold it to the private equity firm Apollo Global Management.

The Adventures of Bernie

The Adventures of Bernie (French: Les Aventures de Bernie) is a French animated slapstick comedy television series created by Alexandre Simard Mathieu Peters-Houg Lucille Briand based on the character created by Olivier Jean-Marie Claude-William Trébutien directed by Richard Méril and produced by Xilam Animation.

After he fails to help Zig eat Marina, Bernie the hermit crab gets lost at the bottom of the ocean and searches for any plans to return to the island.


The Mercury News

The Mercury News is a morning daily newspaper published in San Jose, California, in the San Francisco Bay Area. As of March 2013, it was the fifth largest daily newspaper in the United States, with a daily circulation of 611,194.

"The Mercury News" has a rich history dating back to its inaugural publication in 1851. As the last remaining English-language daily newspaper chronicling the events of the Santa Clara Valley, the newspaper has witnessed and documented the region's evolution over the years. The transition to its current name, "The Mercury News", occurred in 1983 following a series of mergers.

Morningstar

Morningstar, Inc. is an American financial services firm headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. It was founded by Joe Mansueto in 1984, and provides investment research and investment management services.


List of Zig &amp; Sharko episodes

This is a list of episodes from the French animated series, "Zig & Sharko". 

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Throughout the first season, much of the plots revolve around the oceans surrounding a tropical volcanic island, in which Marina often spends the day residing on a rocky pinnacle off the coast during the day, while residing in an underwater home that she shares with Sharko. 
In the second season, the plots shifted to the island itself, including its beaches, volcano, and jungle, with some changes for the main characters - Marina takes residence in an ornate, life-sized sandcastle, built by Sharko; Zig and Bernie live with a cargo plane pilot in his crashed plane within the jungle; and Sharko operates as a lifeguard for the aquatic lifeforms who frequent the beaches.
In the third season, the main characters and the island's inhabitants move onto a cruise ship to travel the oceans, where much of the season's plots take place.

A fourth season was announced in 2022. According to official announcements, the fourth season will revolve around Marina and her magic shoes, which can make the person wearing them bend and stretch their legs to its extremes.

Jacob Pace

Jacob Isaiah Pace (born September 6, 1998) is an American entrepreneur. He is most known for being the founder and CEO of Flighthouse, a short-form digital content studio that was bought by Create Music Group in 2016. He has been awarded Forbes 30 Under 30 and Rolling Stone Future 25.

D4vd

David Anthony Burke (born March 28, 2005), known as d4vd, is an American singer and song writer. He is best known for his songs "Romantic Homicide" and "Here With Me", which experienced international success.

David Anthony Burke was born in Queens, New York City. He would later move to Houston, Texas.

Burke's career in music started when he made videos of the video game "Fortnite" and decided to make his own music.

In July 2022, he released the single "Romantic Homicide". "Romantic Homicide" charted at Number. 3 on the "Hot Alternative Songs" charts.

Burke's second hit single "Here with Me" was released in September 2022, and a music video was released in November 2022. "Here with Me" charted at Number 4 on the Hot Alternative Songs charts and Number 7 on Singaporean charts.

"Romantic Homicide" is RIAA certified Gold, ARIA certified platinum, and MC certified platinum, and "Here with Me" is ARIA certified gold and MC certified platinum.

Laufey (singer)

Laufey Lín Bing Jónsdóttir ( , ; born 23 April 1999), known professionally as Laufey, is an Icelandic singer-songwriter.

Her debut album, "Everything I Know About Love" (2022), charted in Iceland and the United States. It was followed by the album "Bewitched" (2023), which received a Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album nomination at the 2024 Grammy Awards; the single "From the Start" found international success.

Laufey Lín Bing Jónsdóttir was born on 23 April 1999. Her father is Icelandic and her mother is Chinese. maternal side of her family is from Guangzhou. Her mother is a classical violinist.

Laufey graduated with a presidential scholarship from the Berklee College of Music in 2021. She currently lives in Los Angeles.

Gawker

Gawker was an American news site and blog founded in 2002 and based in New York City. The site had over 23 million visits per month as of 2015. It was the main blog of Gawker Media, a media company.

Currently, Gawker is owned by Meng Ru Kuok.

Kulanch

Kulanch is a sub-tehsil of Pasni, Gwadar District, Balochistan in Pakistan. It is 50 km east from Gwadar city.

Impact Digital Group

Impact Digital Group, Inc., known as Impact, is an American digital media company that shares social impact and activism related content. According to Forbes, the company's accounts reaches over 10 million people per month. The company has won Forbes 30 Under 30, several Webby Awards, Shorty Awards, and more honors.

Shirley Barber

Shirley Barber (23 June 1935 – 12 December 2023) was an English children's author and illustrator.

Her first picture book was "Martha B. Rabbit - The Fairies' Cook". It was published by The Five Mile Press in the year 1988. She made lots of books with pictures and coloring pages about fairies and animals. People liked them a lot, and she sold more than 10 million copies by 2008. Her books showed beautiful forests, and she also made calendars and notebooks. People could read her books in 18 different languages.
On 12 December 2023, Shirley Barber died while sleeping at her home in Watsonia, at the age of 88.

Fast Company

Fast Company is an international business magazine published in print and online that mainly covers technology, business, and design. It operates international editions include flagship U.S. edition and South African edition.

"Fast Company" was launched in November 1995 by Alan Webber, Bill Taylor, and publisher Mortimer Zuckerman.

Sahiwal Tehsil

Sahiwal Tehsil is an administrative sub-division (tehsil) of Sahiwal District, Punjab, Pakistan. Its capital city is Sahiwal.

Bad Moon Rising

"Bad Moon Rising" is a 1969 song by Creedence Clearwater Revival and is the leading single from their third studio album "Green River". It went to number 2 in the United States, number 1 in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, South Africa and Ireland, number 5 in Canada, number 3 in Norway and Australia and number 8 in Germany and Austria.

Japanese water shrew

The Japanese water shrew (Chimarrogale platycephalus), also called the flat-headed water shrew, is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae. It lives in the Japanese Islands, Honshu and Kyushu.

Western Girls (song)

"Western Girls" is a 1986 song by New Zealand group Dragon. It is the third single from their eighth studio album "Dreams of Ordinary Men" and went to number 37 in New Zealand and number 58 in Australia. It was produced by Todd Rundgren.


Rishi Kaushik

Rishi Kaushik is an Indian actor who acts in serials most notably in Bengali language serials in West Bengal. He has appeared in the Star Jalsa soap operas "Ekhane Aakash Neel", and "Ishti Kutum", where he played the role of the male protagonist Archisman Mukherjee. Since 2020. He has acted in several television dramas of Bangladesh.

Shamshernagar Airport

Shamshernagar Airport is a public use airport southeast of Moulvibazar, Bangladesh. It is operated by Bangladesh Air Force. Due to the short length of the runway it is restricted to STOL aircraft. As of July 2015, no scheduled passenger flights serve the airport, but civil air operations are allowed with prior approval.


Nisha Sharma dowry case

The 2003 Nisha Sharma dowry case was an anti-dowry lawsuit that has been cited as an illustrative example highlighting the potential for misuse of the IPC 498A law in India.

Maciej Jewtuszko

Maciej Jewtuszko (born January 31, 1981) is a Polish mixed martial artist who most recently competed in 2019. A professional since 2005, he has fought in the UFC, WEC, and KSW. He is the former KSW Lightweight Champion.

Jeshua Shababo

Jeshua Shababo was an Egyptian scribe and rabbi, who lived in the last quarter of the seventeenth century. His teachers were Rabbis Abraham ha-Levi of Cairo and Joseph Nazir, who afterward became his father-in-law. The former included some dissertations of his pupil in his work "Ginnat Veradim". The two men differed in opinion, and the pupil answered his teacher in "Peraḥ Shushan" (Constantinople, 1732).

Davide Mansi

Davide Mansi (born 18 January 1996) is an Italian football player who plays for Serie D club Gladiator.

Shevon Daniel

Shevon Daniel (born 15 March 2004) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. 

Gaurav Khanna

Gaurav Khanna (born 11 December 1981) is an Indian television actor . He is known for his roles of Neil in "Jeevan Saathi", Inspector Kavin in "CID", and Akshay in "Tere Bin". He currently plays the role of Anuj Kapadia in Star Plus's "Anupamaa", for which he won Indian Telly Award for Best Actor (Editorial).


Karavas

Karavas (; is a town in the north of the Cyprus island. 

Nalin de Silva

Thakurartha Devadithya Guardiyawasam Lindamulage Nalin Kumara de Silva is a Sri Lankan philosopher and a political analyst. He is the former Sri Lankan ambassador in Myanmar. 

Benefit cap

The benefit cap in the United Kingdom limits the amount in state benefits that an individual household can claim per year. The benefit cap started in 2013 at £26,000 per year (£500 per week) which was the average family income in the UK. For single people with no children it was set at £18,200 per year (£350 per week). From Autumn 2016 it was reduced to £20,000, except in London where it was reduced to £23,000. In 2023 for a couple or a household with children it was £25,323 in London and £22,020 outside of London. For a single person, the annual thresholds are £16,967 in London and £14,753 outside of London.

The policy was challenged in court in 2015 by two lone mothers who said that the benefit cap was discriminatory and unfair. The Supreme Court said it was lawful but three of the five judges concluded that the benefit cap breached the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child. In 2015 there was also a successful legal challenge on the grounds that it unlawfully discriminated against disabled people and their carers. The policy was changed so that it did not apply to people who get Carer's Allowance. In 2019 a case by lone parents who argued that the benefit cap discriminated generally against women, who make up most of the population of single parents, and specifically against lone parents with young children failed. The court held by a majority of 5–2 that the discriminatory effects are justified.

Mohamed Henedi

Mehammad Henedi Ahmad Abdelgawwad () is an Egyptian comedian actor born in Giza, Egypt, on 1 February 1958, and has gained a cinematic bachelor's degree. Henedi started his career in 1984 in short appearances in theaters and cinemas, and he achieved huge success in his two films "Esma'eleya Rayeh Gaii" and "Sa'ede Fel Gam'a Al Amrekya". He later starred in the movies "Hamam fi Amsterdam" (1992), "Belya we Demagho el Alya", "Saheb Sahbo" and "Andaleeb Al Dokki". Mohamed Henedi also dubbed the voices of Timon, Mike Wazowski and Homer Simpson for the Egyptian versions of "The Lion King", "Monsters, Inc.", and "The Simpsons" respectively.

Yasmin Elrashidi of "The Wall Street Journal" said that Henedi was "considered the Robert De Niro of the Middle East."


Somali Armed Forces

The Somali Armed Forces are the military forces of the Federal Republic of Somalia. Headed by the president as commander-in-chief, they are constitutionally mandated to ensure the nation's sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity.


Tiffany Stratton

Jessica Woynilko (born May 1, 1999) is an American professional wrestler, bodybuilder, and gymnast. She is currently signed to WWE under the ring name Tiffany Stratton, where she performs on the SmackDown brand. She is a former NXT Women's Champion.

Interstella 5555

Interstella 5555 (full name: "Interstella 5555: The 5tory of the 5ecret 5tar 5ystem)" is a movie about Daft Punk trying to place their album Discovery in the track list of a movie. In their childhood, Daft Punk members Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter were big fans of , so the band worked with its creator, , and the Japanese animation company, Toei Animation, to make the movie. Interstella 5555 is set to the "Discovery" album with no additional words and only a few added sound effects. 

In the movie, we follow the story of a successful music group from a distant planet. The aliens enjoy their songs. Indeed, we can for example see that they dance to One More Time. The group of aliens catches the eye of Earthlings. However, these are malicious. They come to the planet to kidnap the musicians, before transforming them into humans. Their physical change, and their altered memories. The artists will do everything to find their native land, helped by an extraterrestrial who has come to Earth.

The idea for the film emerged one day in the minds of the two artists, influenced by famous Japanese anime from the 1970s and 1980s. This love for these works pushed them to fly to Japan.

“We then begin, in parallel with the music, the writing of the story with our friend and collaborator Cédric Hervet, all three lulled as children by Albator and his poetic and enigmatic universe, we dream of an uncertain collaboration with Leiji Matsumoto, and we flew to meet him in the summer of 2000 with our album and the completed synopsis under our arms. », explained the members of Daft Punk.

This trip paid off since the film was supervised by the creator of Albator and Galaxy Express 999 himself, Leiji Matsumoto. This explains the resemblance between the charadesigns of his characters and the protagonists of Interstella 5555. The members of the duo have always had a strong admiration for the work of Mr. Matsumoto, Albator having marked their youth. The mangaka was won over by the project of the famous electro group on the rise.

“The day Thomas and Guy-Manuel asked me to imagine a visual universe based on their music, I was delighted. […] I saw in their proposal a wink of destiny. It is for me a childhood dream to offer my visions to a wide audience. I didn't really believe in it anymore, and then, at the dawn of the 21st century, Daft Punk came to find me! They told me they discovered Albator when he was 5 years old. This is the age where we imprint what will influence us for the rest of our lives. ».

Tommy Shaw

Tommy Roland Shaw (born September 11, 1953) is an American guitarist, singer and songwriter best known for his tenure in the rock band Styx as co-lead vocalist. In between his stints with Styx, he has played with other groups including Damn Yankees and Shaw Blades as well as releasing several solo albums.

Kandisha (2008 movie)

Kandisha is a 2008 Moroccan horror film directed by Jerome Cohen-Olivar, starring Amira Casar, David Carradine, Michael Cohen, Saïd Taghmaoui, Mourad Zaoui, Hiam Abbass and Assaad Bouab.

"Kandisha" was first screened at the Marrakech International Film Festival in 2008.

Dorothy Steeves

Dorothy Gretchen Steeves (née Biersteker; May 26, 1891 – May 9, 1978) was a Dutch-born political figure in British Columbia. She represented North Vancouver in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1934 to 1945 as a Co-operative Commonwealth Federation member.

ROKS Yeosu

ROKS "Yeosu" (PCC-765) was a of the Republic of Korea Navy and later transferred to Vietnam People's Navy as Ship 20.

Steeve Ho You Fat

Steeve Ho You Fat (born 12 June 1988) is a French professional basketball player who last played for Metropolitans 92 in LNB Pro A.

Aitor Gelardo

Aitor Gelardo Vegara (born 26 June 2002) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Villarreal CF B. Born in Catral, Alicante, Valencian Community, Gelardo was a Villarreal CF youth graduate. He made his senior debut with affiliate club CD Roda on 15 December 2018, starting in a 2–1 Tercera División home win over CD Acero.

Sulaikha Manzil

Sulaikha Manzil is a 2023 Indian Malayalam-language romantic comedy film directed by Ashraf Hamza under the banner Chembosky Motion Pictures. It stars Lukman Avaran, Anarkali Marakar and Chemban Vinod Jose in lead roles. The film was released on 21 April 2023 and received positive reviews from critics.

Rish Pass

Rish Pass is a mountain pass in the Balkan Mountains (Stara Planina) in Bulgaria. It connects Shumen and Karnobat. On the Shumen side of the pass is the village of Rish.

Pendulum (2023 movie)

Pendulum is a 2023 Indian Malayalam-language mystery thriller film written and directed by Rejin S. Babu in his directorial debut. The film stars Vijay Babu as Dr. Mahesh Narayan, who sets out to find answers to some strange experiences during a one-day family trip.

Shilongo Uukule

Shilongo Filippus Uukule (1919 at Onyaanya – 2010) was senior headman of the Uukwanambwa, a clan of the Ovambo people in Namibia. His residence is located in the Onyaanya Constituency of the Oshikoto Region.

Pretenders to the throne of Mexico

Upon the abolition of the Second Mexican Empire and the execution of Emperor Maximilian I in 1867, pretense to the Mexican Crown passed to and was assumed by the adopted heirs.

The current pretender to the Mexican throne, in right of both the First and Second Empires, is Count Maximilian von Götzen-Iturbide, great-grandson of Salvador de Iturbide y de Marzán.


Honda CR-X del Sol

The Honda CR-X Del Sol is a limited run of inexpensive Hondas for consumers. The car was released in 1992 and was accepted by dealers and car lovers. the car was only made until 1998 so about 6 years of the Honda due to limited market value.

Rwandan Patriotic Front

The Rwandan Patriotic Front is the ruling political party in Rwanda. The leader is President Paul Kagame. It has governed the country since its armed wing defeated government forces, winning the Rwandan Civil War in 1994.

It has been called authoritarian. Elections are not fair. Opposition parties have been banned. People who criticise them have been arrested or assassinated. There has been electoral fraud.

The party was started by Tutsi refugee intelligentsia in Uganda in 1979. It was called Rwandese Alliance for National Unity. In December 1987, it held its seventh congress in Kampala and changed its name. In 1990 they invaded Rwanda, starting the Rwandan Civil War. in 1994, it formed a government of national unity headed by a Hutu president, Pasteur Bizimungu. In February 1998 Kagame was elected president of the RPF, replacing Alexis Kanyarengwe, and in March 2000 he became the national president. Following a constitutional referendum in 2003, Kagame was elected president with 95% of the vote. The RPF formed a coalition with several smaller parties, which got 74% of the vote in the 2003 parliamentary elections, winning 40 of the 53 elected seats in the Chamber of Deputies. The coalition won 42 seats in the 2008 parliamentary elections, and Kagame was re-elected as president in 2010 with 93% of the vote. In the 2013 parliamentary elections the RPF-led coalition won 41 seats.

Cygnus NG-19

NG-19 was the nineteenth flight of the Northrop Grumman robotic resupply spacecraft Cygnus and its eighteenth flight to the International Space Station (ISS) under the Commercial Resupply Services (CRS-2) contract with NASA. The mission launched on 2 August 2023 at 00:31:14 UTC. This was the eighth launch of Cygnus under the CRS-2 contract.

NG-19 deorbited on January 9, 2024 at 13:06 UTC.

Social Democratic Party (Rwanda)

The Social Democratic Party is a centre-left social democratic political party in Rwanda. The party support the Paul Kagame government. It started in 1991. Its main leaders were killed in the morning of the first day of the genocide. 

After the genocide the party joined the national unity government. It supported President Paul Kagame in the 2003 presidential elections, and got12% of the vote in the 2003 parliamentary elections, winning seven seats.

The party's vote share rose to 13% in the 2008 elections, as it kept its seven seats. In the 2010 presidential elections the party had Jean Damascene Ntawukuriryayo as its candidate; he received 5% of the vote, coming second to Kagame, who received 93%.

In the 2013 parliamentary elections the party again got 13% of the vote, winning seven seats. It was reduced to five seats in the 2018 elections.

Rezang La

Rechin La, also called Rezang La in the English language sources in the 1960s, is a mountain pass on the Line of Actual Control between Indian-administered Ladakh and the Chinese-administered Spanggur Lake basin.

G. M. Bhat

G. M. Bhat (born 2 July 1959) is a geologist from Jammu and Kashmir, India. He was the head professor at Department of Geology of Jammu University.

In 2020, he was nominated as a member of the Scientific Board of Geoscience Programme (IGCP) by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).

Léon-Alfred Opimbat

Léon-Alfred Opimbat (born 1950?) is a Congolese politician. He served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Health from 1992 to 1993 and as Minister of National Solidarity and Humanitarian Action from 1997 to 2002, with additional responsibility for the health portfolio beginning in 1999. Subsequently, he was a Deputy in the National Assembly from 2002 to 2007 and again from 2007 to 2011. 

Sergey Girinis

Sergey Vladimirovich Girinis, until 1919 known as Raul Isaakovich Ginzburg, was a Soviet revolutionary, journalist and trade unionist. He was a leading figure in the labour movement in Vilna (Vilnius) in the 1910s, adhering to a Menshevik-Internationalist line. He later joined the Communist Party of Lithuania. After a prisoner exchange, he was based in Moscow and represented Lithuanian trade unions in the Red International of Labour Unions (Profintern). Girinis was a prolific writer, authoring different works on political theory and history.

Kurdish Alevism

Kurdish Alevism (Zaza: "Elewiyina"; Kurdish: "Elewîtî") refers to the unique rituals, sacred place practices, mythological discourses and socio-religious organizations among Kurds who adhere to Alevism, an heterodox tradition within Islam. Kurdish Alevism is monotheistic, just like all of Islam, but also have strong elements of veneration to nature and ancestor.

Kurdish Alevis constitute an important part of the Alevi population and form the majority of Tunceli Province in Turkey. The Kurdish Alevi population has experienced religious and ethnic discrimination, oppression and forced assimilation which have significantly impacted their identity.

In Turkey, different estimations exist on the Kurdish Alevi population. While Dressler stated that about one third of the Alevi population is Kurdish, Aksüt argued in 2015 that a majority of the Alevi population is Kurdish. Tunceli Province is the only Kurdish Alevi-majority province in Turkey. Moreover, there are Kurdish Alevi settlements in the provinces of Adıyaman, Ardahan, Bingöl, Çorum, Elazığ, Erzincan, Erzurum, Gaziantep, Gümüşhane, Kahramanmaraş, Kayseri, Malatya, Muş, Sivas and Yozgat. Outside of Turkey, there are Kurdish Alevis in Afrin, Syria.

The majority of Kurdish Alevis speak Zaza language, the others speak Kurmanji, one of the Kurdish languages, or speak both languages.

Traditionally, the socio-religious structure of Kurdish Alevis consists of two hereditary social positions; members of the sacred lineage or "ocax" and those subordinated to the sacred lineage or "taliw". By the end of the 20th century, this system had been gravely impacted by cultural destruction and the "taliw" has gained influence in regard to religion and identity politics. Since the anti-Alevi violence in the 1990s, "Taliw"s have strengthened the cultural identity of Kurdish Alevis.

"Ocax" refers to various sacred lineages in Kurdish Alevism. The "ocax"es are: Axûçan, Babamansûr, Sînemîllî, Celal Abbas, Kurêsû (Kurêşan), Cemal Avdel, Dewrêş Gewr, Dewrêş Cemal, Seyit Sabun, Sari Saltik, Ûryan Xizir, Şeyh Çoban and Şix Delîlê Berxêcan. Since sacred lineage and religious rank is determined by tribal affiliation, it is fairly easy to identify which individual has which religious position in which ocax"."

"Taliw" is a term used to encompass every Kurdish Alevi person who receives religious services. In Kurdish Alevism, most people only receive services, while a small segment both receive and give. This latter small segment is called "sayyid." For the "taliw" population to receive a religious service, the "sayyid" must travel to their place of residence. Traditionally, the "sayyid" therefore had to travel from village to village to offer their service.

"Raywer" or "rêber" is a term used to describe the "sayyid" who prepares and serves the religious functions and therefore leads the others down the right path. The "raywer" also has the role of explaining the religion to its members. The "raywer" is chosen from a "sayyid ocax" at birth and the title is lifelong. Nonetheless, the person can always choose not to practice his "raywer"ship.

It is believed that some members of the "sayyid" have spiritual power through bloodline. While the "raywer" guides the members of Alevism practically, the "pîr" thus guides spiritually.

"Murşîd" is the highest rank in the ocax systems. The "murşîd" presides over the jurisprudent element of the system and has the role of appeal. For example, if a "taliw" feels injustice regarding the decision of a "pîr," they can appeal to the "murşîd".

According to Dressler, the Alevis are a number of heterogeneous socio-religious communities, historically referred to as "Qizilbash". Most scholars agree that Alevism can be defined as a unique religious system or a form of Islamic heterodoxy. Alevism explicitly rejects compulsion in religion and the adoption of the rules of belief is entirely voluntary. However, fear plays an important role in the relationship with God and saints, but theoretically this relationship is based on love. Alevis do not follow the five pillars of Islam, although they have maintained certain discourses and practices associated with the family of the Muhammad for centuries, particularly Ali and his descendants to define their religious identity. The Alevis believe that Muhammad was the last prophet and that Ali was the his true successor, as first of the Twelve Imams. The Alevis considered the Twelve Imams as true successors of Muhammad and show extraordinary respect for them, but are differ from Twelver Shi'ism by their heterodox characteristics. They acknowledge the six articles of faith of Islam, but may differ regarding their interpretation. The Alevis also belief in the reincarnation and the eternity of soul.

The heartland and sacred land of Kurdish Alevis is the region of Dersim.

The main "holy ones" of the Kurdish Alevis of Dersim and neighboring regions are the following:

Kurdish Alevis put more emphasis on Pir Sultan Abdal as their religious symbol, unlike Turkish Alevis who emphasize on Haji Bektash Veli.

"Xızır" (ie. Khidr) is an important religious figure who is considered to have spiritual power and an emanation of God and a batin of Ali. It is believed that Xizir travels between earth and heaven and during travels has generated numerous "jiare" – including oases and springs from where his feet touched the ground. "Xızır Fountain" is one of these "jiare" located in Varto and is also visited by Sunni Kurds. Another "jiare" related to "Xızır" is "Gola Çeto" in Pülümür which is the location where it is believed "Xızır" meets Elijah once a year from 13 February and the subsequent three days. During this period, Kurdish Alevis fast and it is believed that the meeting ends winter.

According to tradition, Khidr is an old man with a white beard, he travels on the back of a grey horse, he is impetuous. He is so "secret owner" that he is "ready and available at any moment, anywhere", for this reason, he is almost always the first one to be called upon in times of trouble. Especially on cold winter days when snow and blizzard cover the place, in floods, earthquakes and other disasters, he is at work day and night as the chief protector. However, to make a comparison, he is the saviour angel of the waters and especially the seas rather than the land. According to a legend, Khidr and Moses was travelled on a ship.

Theoretically, killing a living being is frowned upon and considered a sin. Killing a living being is seen as destroying the life given by God, as a violation of his orders. However, Çem states this belief is generally not followed in practice. Çem explained this situation by saying, "Those who chastised us for 'do not kill animals' could very well go bear hunting and ruthlessly slaughter other animals." Among the animals, who is most sacred and those whose killing is considered a sin is the eagles, pigeons, wild goats, some snake species, storks and pigeons.

The tradition of ancestor worship is available in terms of the clergy in Dersim today. The ancestors of the clergy are believed to be holy and able to show "secrets" and miracles. The clergy constantly call out to their ancestors, asking them to help themselves and the poor, and to protect from the evil.

"Gaxan" is one of the fasts and holidays. During the "Gaxan", fasting is observed for three days, the fourth day is a feast. Towards the evening of the feast day, the old man with a walking stick or cane in his hand and a bag on his back, called "Kalê Gaxanî" or "Kalik", starts to go door to door. He is accompanied by his wife, who is younger than him and is called "Fate" or "Fatike" in some regions.

The festival of Nowruz is celebrated among Kurdish Alevis, sometimes under the name of "Newroz" and sometimes under other names. During the celebration of Nowruz, firewood and brushwood are placed in the hearths and ignited. Everyone endeavours to make sure that the fire burning in their home is the biggest fire. While the fire is burning, the villagers, dressed in their best clothes, pray, sing songs and play games.

Another special period is the twelve days of fasting for the Twelve Imams and the day of Ashura that follows. The twelve-day fast for the Twelve Imams and the subsequent cooking of Ashura is, in essence, an act of mourning. While there is no both eating or drinking during the fasts of "Gaxan" and "Xizir", during the Fast of Twelve Imams the main rule is not to drink water. The reason of highlighting of not drinking water is the massacre of Husayn ibn Ali, the third of the Twelve Imams, and his companions in Karbala without water.

"Jiare" are the sacred places which Alevi Kurds worship. The rituals of Kurdish Alevi beliefs have two main dimensions. One is related to sacred lineages and "taliw"s, here, "cem" ceremonies and visiting the "ocax"s of sacred lineages are the main characteristics of the socio-religious aspect. The second places for worshipping is nature-based sacred places, including trees, mountains, rocks, caves, rivers, lakes, fountains, the sun and the moon, that are each related to a semi-deific figure. Also, the some objects are moreover considered dangerous and therefore kept by the "rawyer, pîr" or "murşîd." "Jiare" can be utilized to treat people who suffer from paralysis or mental issues. Two important nature-based "jiare" are Munzur River and Duzgin Bawo, both located in Tunceli Province.

Munzur River is located near Ovacık and a place of pilgrimage and ritual slaughter and people pray to God through the various "jiare" in the region. "Munzur Bawa" was the name of a shepherd who was believed to be able to practice miracles.

In the beliefs of Kurdish Alevis, the most sacred of all "visible things" is the sun. It is one of the main sources of life, illuminating the world, warming it and thus giving life to nature. It is hardly possible for any Kurdish Alevi of a certain age not to turn his face towards the sun when it rises and pray to it, but this practice is not practised much among recent generations. When the sun rises, it is accepted that the whole universe welcomes it and takes pleasure from it. For this reason, it is carefully avoided to commit any sinful act during the sunrise.

In the region of Dersim, the sun is identified with the Muhammad, and another name for the sun is "Mihemed", which means Muhammad, the sun is consiered the light of Ali-Muhammad ("Nure Elî Mihemedî"). For this reason, when addressing the sun, it is sometimes said "Ya Mihemed" (O, Muhammad) or "Ya Nure Elî Mihemedî" (O, the light of Ali-Muhammad) instead of saying its name. The moon, which appears in the sky after the setting of the sun, is also a sacred being, people describe it as the "Light of Mother Fatima", the wife of Ali and daughter of Muhammad.


Rishi Prabhakar

Guruji Shri Rishi Prabhakar (1948–2014) was an Indian yogi who instructed many spiritual teachers across the country. He was the founder of Rishi Samskruti Vidya Kendra, a Public Charitable Trust. He also developed many programs such as Siddha Samadhi Yoga (SSY), Kaya Kalpa Kriya (KKK), Advanced Meditation Course (AMC), Bhava Samadhi Training (BST), Hundred Percent Memory (HMP, also known as RCRT), Infant Siddha Program (ISP) and Inspirational Leadership in Rural Development (ILRD) for the well-being of humanity.

Rosicrucians

The Rosicrucians are a mystical and esoteric secret society that originated in the early 17th century in Europe. The term "Rosicrucian" is often used to refer to a movement or a set of philosophical and spiritual beliefs rather than a specific organization. The origins of the Rosicrucian movement are shrouded in mystery, and it's debated whether the movement had actual historical roots or if it was more of a symbolic and allegorical creation.

The Rosicrucian manifestos, which include works like the "Fama Fraternitatis" (The Fame of the Brotherhood) and the "Confessio Fraternitatis" (The Confession of the Brotherhood), were published in the early 17th century. These manifestos presented the ideas and principles of the Rosicrucian movement. The manifestos discussed the pursuit of esoteric knowledge, spiritual enlightenment, and the application of alchemical and mystical principles for personal and societal transformation.

The Rosicrucian movement influenced various aspects of Western esotericism, alchemy, and mysticism. Over the centuries, several organizations have claimed to be connected to the Rosicrucian tradition, each with its own interpretation of its teachings and rituals. These organizations often operate as initiatory societies, with members progressing through different degrees of knowledge and understanding.

It's important to note that interpretations of Rosicrucianism can vary, and the movement has taken on different forms throughout history. Some modern organizations that identify as Rosicrucian continue to explore spiritual, mystical, and philosophical principles, often incorporating elements of symbolism, alchemy, and mysticism into their teachings.

Liberal Party (Rwanda)

The Liberal Party is a liberal political party in Rwanda led by Prosper Higiro. It was started in 1991. Although it refused to join the government formed by Sylvestre Nsanzimana later in the year, it joined Dismas Nsengiyaremye's government in April 1992. It split into pro- and anti-government factions.

It joined the Rwandan Patriotic Front-led government in 1994. In the 2003 parliamentary elections the party got 11% of the vote and won six of the 53 elected seats.

In 2007 Protais Mitali was elected leader of the party. A dispute over the conduct of the elections led to two MPs and five officials being expelled from the party. The 2008 parliamentary elections saw the party's vote share fall to 7.5%. It was reduced to four seats.

Higiro was nominated as the party's candidate for the 2010 presidential elections, receiving 1.4% of the vote. In the 2013 parliamentary elections the party got 9% of the vote, winning five seats. It was reduced to four seats in the 2018 parliamentary elections.

Theosophy

Theosophy refers to a set of spiritual and esoteric beliefs and practices that aim to explore and understand the nature of reality, the divine, and the purpose of existence. The term "Theosophy" is derived from the Greek words "theos," meaning "god," and "sophia," meaning "wisdom." Theosophical teachings often incorporate elements from various religious, philosophical, and mystical traditions.

The modern Theosophical movement was founded in the late 19th century by Helena Petrovna Blavatsky, Henry Steel Olcott, and William Quan Judge. They sought to synthesize and revitalize ancient spiritual wisdom, drawing from Eastern and Western religious traditions, mysticism, and occultism.

Key principles of Theosophy include:


The Theosophical Society, founded in 1875, has branches worldwide and continues to be a source of study and exploration for individuals interested in spiritual and metaphysical topics. It's worth noting that Theosophy has inspired various offshoots and interpretations over the years, and different individuals may emphasize different aspects of its teachings.

Mutuelle de Santé

Mutuelle de Santé is a community-based health insurance scheme run by the Rwandan government.

In March 2020 it signed a 10-year contract with Babylon Health to roll out their mobile phone based Babyl service over the next ten years. This was supposed to establish a universal primary care service. 30% of the adult population was registered with the service in 2020.

Rasha Shamaliya

Rasha Shamaliya () is a Syrian village located in Kafr Nabl Nahiyah in Maarrat al-Nu'man District, Idlib. 

King Faisal Hospital (Kigali)

King Faisal Hospital is the biggest hospital in Rwanda. It is in the Rwandan capital, Kigali. It was built between 1987 and 1991 with the help of the Saudi Fund for Development. The hospital spreads over 7.9 hectares.  It has 18,000 square meters of floor space on 4 floors and an extension building of 2,285 square meters of floor space. There are 160 beds and 5 operating theatres. The hospital has a range of highly specialized medical care, including the diagnosis of diseases and specialized treatment. There is a catheterization lab and an MRI digital scanner.

Anthony Smith (fighter)

Anthony Smith (born July 26, 1988) is an American professional mixed martial artist. He currently competes in the Light Heavyweight division in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). A professional competitor since 2008, Smith has also formerly competed for Strikeforce and Bellator. As of December 12, 2023, he is #10 in the UFC light heavyweight rankings.

Radim Drejsl

Radim Drejsl (29 April 1923 – 20 April 1953) was a Czech composer, pianist and conductor. He is considered an important composer of politically engaged songs promoting visions of Czechoslovak communist regime in the 1950s. Drejsl applied the ideas of socialist realism in his music.

Abu Hamza al-Masri

Abu Hamza al-Masri was a Egyptian Imam born in Alexandria, Egypt in the year 1958. Al-Masri moved to the UK in 1979 with the intent to preach Alevi Islam. He originally called the UK, "a paradise where you could do anything you wanted" however he retracted these claims after he joined Al-Qaeda in Afghanistan and converted to Sunni Islam. He was later arrested for terrorism in 2004 and was given a life sentence in 2017 for terrorism.

Rishabhdeo

Rikhabdeo ( Rishabhadeo) is a town in Udaipur district in the state of Rajasthan, in north-west India.

Rishabhadeo is situated from Udaipur and is on Udaipur-Ahmedabad Road. The name of the town is also Dhulev The place got its name from a Bhil chieftain named Dhuleva who guarded the temple of Lord Rishabhdev.

Ravina Raj Kohli

Ravina Raj Kohli, earlier President of the STAR News and the Chief Executive officer of Channel Nine, is one of the prominent media personalities of India.


Boston (band)

Boston is an American rock band formed in 1976 by Tom Scholz in Boston, Massachusetts, that experienced significant commercial success during the 1970s and 1980s. The band's core members include multi-instrumentalist, founder and leader Scholz, who played the majority of instruments on the band's 1976 self-titled debut album, and former lead vocalist Brad Delp, among a number of other musicians who varied from album to album.

Pseudophilautus dilmah

The Dilmah shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus dilmah") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Loolkandura, 1324 meters above sea level.

Healthcare in Rwanda

Rwanda has a universal health care system. It has been set up since 1996. It is considered to be one of the highest-quality health systems in Africa.

President Kagame has made healthcare a priority. In 2008, the government spent 9.7% of the budget on healthcare, compared with 3.2% in 1996. There is a system of health insurance providers called "mutuelles de santé". They run at the level of Rwanda's thirty districts. The cost is according to wealth. The poorest citizens get free health insurance and the wealthiest paying premiums of US$8 per adult a year. The government set up training institutes including the Kigali Health Institute. That was started in 1997 and is now part of the University of Rwanda. There are 499 health centers, 42 district hospitals and 58,286 Community Health Workers who provide primary care in the 14,837 villages. There are four national specialist hospitals, which are Kigali University Teaching Hospital, Butare University Teaching Hospital, King Faisal Hospital Kigali and the Rwanda Military Hospital. 

University of Rwanda

University of Rwanda is a public collegiate, multi campus university based in Kigali, Rwanda. It was formed in 2013 by merger of previously independent education institutions. It is the largest education institution in Rwanda. There are six independent self-governing colleges on eight campuses. 

In 2021–2022 the university had 31,506 students, with 2058 in Masters Programs and 324 in Doctorate Programs.

Ferdinand I of Austria

Ferdinand I ( 19 April 1793 – 29 June 1875) was Emperor of Austria from March 1835 until his abdication in December 1848. He was also King of Hungary, Croatia and Bohemia (as Ferdinand V), King of Lombardy–Venetia and holder of many other lesser titles

Abu Khaled

Abu Khaled (, "Abū Khāled") is the "nom de guerre" of a Palestinian militant commander who is the spokesperson for the National Resistance Brigades, the military wing of the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, a leftist political and military organization. Nothing is known of his identity or personal life. He was active on Twitter before his account was removed. He has been the spokesperson for the organization for more than a decade. In 2022, he resigned from his position over controversy surrounding the DFLP's participation in the Palestinian Central Council, but has since rejoined the organization. On October 8, 2023, he announced the DFLP's involvement in 2023 Hamas-led attack on Israel.

Rao

The word "Rao" derived from "Rai" which mean king or superior one. Rao is a title generally refers to Kshatriyas and now a few people use the word Rao along with the name to get the pride

It is not certain that Rao is used for specific castes. People of different caste of different provinces use Rao with their name. Rao is a title and a surname native to India. It is used mostly in states of Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Haryana, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, and Telangana. Even in China, there is surname called Rao

Other variations of "Rai" are "Roy" and "Rao". These are also used as titles by Kolis, Bhumihars and Yadavs. Rai was the title used by the Zamindars (landowners) of Eastern Uttar Pradesh and Bihar during the colonial rule after the Permanent settlement system introduced in Bengal-Bihar and the state of Benaras.

Karol Dobiaš

Karol Dobiaš (born 18 December 1947) is a former Slovak football player and coach. He played as a defender or a midfielder. During his career, he was a versatile player, mostly playing as a mdfielder. He was renowned as a strong, quick, tenacious footballer and a team player who stood out for his outstanding defensive class and playmaking abilities in defence and in midfield, he was praised for his speed and his tackling, and he is considered as one of the best defenders and midfielders ever in football history. He was chosen as Czechoslovak Footballer of the Year in 1970 and 1971.

Karol Dobiaš played for Baník Handlová in his youth. In 1965 he moved to Spartak Trnava, with whom he won the Czechoslovak championship five times and the Czechoslovak Cup three times. From 1970 to 1971, he was recognized as the best footballer in Czechoslovakia. In 1977 he moved to Bohemians Prague. In the Czechoslovak League, Dobiaš played 344 games, scoring 20 goals. In 1980 he was allowed to move abroad and went to the Belgian club KSC Lokeren. He finished his career in 1984 with FC Heirnis Gent.
Karol Dobiáš made his debut for Czechoslovakia on 3 May 1967 in Basel, in a friendly match against Switzerland, playing 64 minutes before being replaced by Vladimír Táborský. Dobias participated in the 1970 FIFA World Cup, playing all 3 matches without being substituted. As a member of the Czechoslovakian national team, Karol Dobiáš became the 1976 European champion, in the final match in the 25th minute, after a mistake by Franz Beckenbauer, Dobiáš scored the second goal against West Germany from distance. At the 1980 UEFA European Championship, Dobiáš was part of the squad but did not play in the tournament. Dobiáš played his last match for the national team on 26 March 1980, as in his first match against Switzerland, again in Basel. In total, Karol Dobiáš played 67 matches for the Czechoslovakia national team, scoring 6 goals.
As a coach, Karol Dobiáš worked with the youth team of Bohemians for 4 years, and in 1988 he took charge of Hradec Králové, but was soon fired. In September 1990, Dobiáš became the head coach of Zbrojovka, the first season under Dobiáš ended in failure for the club from Brno: the team took the last place in the standings, leaving the First League. Dobiáš continued to work with the club and in one season brought it back to the First League (at that time the club was called Bobi Brno). In the 1993/94 season, Karol Dobiáš coached Sparta Prague, with whom he won the first Czech championship. Later, he headed the club Sparta Krč, worked as a scout at Sparta, and in the 2003/04 season he was an assistant coach of Bohemians. During the 2008 European Championships, he was a pundit on the Czech version of the Eurosport channel.
As player
As coach
 
Individiual


Umm El Qa'ab

Umm El Qaʻāb (sometimes spelled Umm El Gaʻab) is a burial place for Early Dynasty Period kings in Abydos, Egypt. Its name in Arabic means "Mother of Pots" because there are many broken pieces of pots and dishes all around. In ancient times, people left offerings here, and that's why there are so many pieces left behind. 


It's known as "Cemetery B", this area contains the Early Dynastic tombs of the pharaohs of the First Dynasty of Egypt and the last two kings of the Second Dynasty.


The last two kings of the Second Dynasty wre buried at Umm El Qa'ab

Candido Portinari

Candido Portinari (December 29, 1903 – February 6, 1962) was a Brazilian painter. He was the son of Italian emmigrants. He was one of the most important Brazilian painters and a leading name in the neo-realism style.

Portinari painted a large number of canvas, more than five thousand canvases. He did historical and realistic paintings. He also created to monumental works like the "War and Peace" panels, donated to the United Nations Headquarters in 1956. His body of work reflects his Marxist beliefs.

Grand Orient de France

Grand Orient de France (acronym GODF, translated as "Grand Orient of France") is the oldest and largest of several Masonic organizations based in France and the oldest in continental Europe (as it was formed from an older Grand Lodge of France in 1773 and briefly absorbed the rear of the older body in 1799, so that it can date its foundation to 1728 or 1733). The Grand Orient de France is generally regarded as the "mother lodge" of Continental Freemasonry.

The motto "Liberté", "Egalité", "Fraternité", which it adopted in 1848, follows the pages of history and voluntarily merges with the French Republic.


Graham Ivan Clark

Graham Ivan Clark (born January 9, 2003) is an American hacker and cybercriminal, who was behind the 2020 Twitter account hijacking.

Graham Ivan Clark grew up in Hillsborough County, Florida, with his mother, father, and sister. When he was a teenager, Clark used nicknames while being a part of online communities, including "Minecraft". In 2018, Graham joined OGUsers, a forum that is dedicated to selling, buying, and trading online accounts with 'cool' usernames. He was banned on the forums due to scamming Minecraft Capes.

In 2019, at the age of 16, Clark was involved in stealing 164 bitcoins from Gregg Bennett, an investor in Seattle using a SIM swap attack. The United States Secret Service was only able to recover 100 bitcoins.

Clark is widely known as the "mastermind" of the 2020 Twitter account hijacking, an event where Clark and two partners hacked 130 high-profile Twitter accounts to do a cryptocurrency scam involving bitcoin, and stealing "OG" usernames to sell on the OGUsers forum.

On July 31, 2020, Clark was arrested at his home in Northdale, Florida. He faced 30 criminal charges, including 17 counts of communication fraud, 11 counts of fraudulent use of personal information, one count of organized fraud for more than $5,000, and one count of accessing a computer or electronic device without authority. His bail was set at $725,000 and he pleaded not guilty. 

His hearing was held on March 16, 2021 via Zoom at Hillsborough County Jail. He was sentenced to three years in prison followed by three years of probation as part of a plea deal under Florida's Youthful Offender Act, which limits the penalties of convicted felons under the age of 21.

Clark was released from Saint Petersburg Community Release Center on February 16, 2023.

Maffick

Maffick LLC is a digital media company based in Los Angeles, California. It has been labelled a Russian-backed entity due to its connections to Maffick Media GmbH, which was owned by RT. 

On February 28, 2022, CEO Anissa Naouai terminated Maffick's service agreement with RT following the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

According to CNN, Maffick "videos are generally critical of U.S. foreign policy and the mainstream American media, while largely avoiding criticism of the Russian government." Its content is aimed at American millennials.

The company runs three main brands: "In the Now" (ITN), "Wasted-ED", and "Soapbox". By mid-2018, "In The Now" had three million likes on Facebook; by mid-2020, it had five million followers.

L'Officiel

L'Officiel de la couture et de la mode de Paris, more commonly known as L'Officiel, is an international French monthly fashion magazine. It has been published in Paris since 1921. It targets upper-income women aged from 25 to 49.

"L'Officiel" was first published in 1921. Within a short time, the magazine helped make designers like Pierre Balmain, Cristóbal Balenciaga, Christian Dior, and Yves St. Laurent well-known.

The magazine has over 30 different international editions.

In 1980 "时装 (Fashion)" was founded and by the mid-1980s had almost reached a circulation of 300,000. As of 2021, L'Officiel China had a circulation of 839,000.

"L'Officiel Italia" originally lasted briefly between the 1970s and 1990s.

"L'Officiel USA" was originally launched in 1976, but was later shut down in 1980. In 2017 "L'Officiel USA" launched online headed, with the first print edition in February 2018. The Magazine is based in New York City. In December 2021, the City of New York brought an action against L'Officiel USA claiming that the magazine had failed to pay freelance contributors.<ref name="nytimes2021/12/02"> Archived 2 December 2021.</ref><ref name="nytimes.com/2016/10/28"></ref> A settlement was reached in July 2023 with L'Officiel agreeing to pay 41 freelancers $275,000 USD.

Other International editions



List of countries and territories where Spanish is an official language

Spanish is the official language of 24 independent nations, 2 dependent territories and 10 integrated territories. The following is a list of sovereign states and dependent territories where Spanish is a "de jure" or "de facto" official language.

This table shows the population of the countries, not the number of Spanish speakers.


Rhythm is a Dancer

Rhythm is a Dancer is a song by Snap!. Snap! is German. The song came out in March of 1992. It has vocals by Thea Austin. The song is on the album, The Madman's Return and went to number 1 in the United Kingdom.








Move Your Body (Eiffel 65 song)

"Move Your Body (Eiffel 65 song)" is a song by Italian music group, Eiffel 65. The song is featured on their album, Europop, from 4 November 1999.

Geography of Israel

The Geography of Israel is very different from desert weather to snowy mountains. Israel controls airspace, maritime border and its own border with Gaza. Occupied in 1967, unilaterally disengaged in 2005, declared a foreign entity in 2007.

It's a Fine Day

It's a Fine Day is a song written in 1983 by Edward Barton. It has been covered by Miss Jane and Opus III and went to number 1 in Greece.

Agustín Jerónimo de Iturbide y Huarte

Agustín Jerónimo de Iturbide y Huarte (30 September 1807 – 11 December 1866) was the eldest son of the first Emperor of Mexico, Agustín I of Mexico. He was the heir apparent to the First Mexican Empire and a member of the Imperial House of Iturbide.

Nite and Day

Nite and Day is a 1988 song by singer, Al B. Sure!. There was a music video for the song. It went to number 7 on the hit list charts in the United States.

Lars Erik Humlekjær

Lars Erik Humlekjær (born 1971) is a Norwegian archer. Erik Humlekjær competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Egil Borgen Johansen

Egil Borgen Johansen (14 March 1934 – 5 March 1993) was a Norwegian archer. Borgen Johansen competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Midnight City

Midnight City is a 2011 song by French music group, M83. It went to number 34 in the United Kingdom, number 30 in Scotland, number 37 in Australia and number 8 in France.

On 27 September 2011, M83 released a remix EP in advance of the album. The following tracks were on the EP:

Grand Mufti of India

The Grand Mufti of India is the most influential religious authority of the Sunni Muslim Community of India. The current holder is Sheikh Abubakr Ahmad, who was conferred the title in February 2019.

The role is to give opinions ("fatawa") on Islamic legal matters and social affairs.

The first Grand Mufti of India, Shah Fazle Rasool Badayuni was chosen by the final Mughal Emperor, Bahadur Shah Zafar.

In the British ruling period, Islamic scholars noted Ahmed Raza Khan Barelvi who was the spiritual leader of Indian Muslims, scholar and revivalist. Thousands of students liked his work and requested him to become Grand Mufti, but he declined. Instead, his student Amjad Ali Aazmi was elected.

Sheikh Abubakr Ahmad was sworn in as the Grand Mufti of India on 24 February 2019 at the Ramlila Maidan. He became the first Grand Mufti from south India.


Northern Skies

Northern Skies is a song by British singer, Dido.

Guadalupe Pineda

María Guadalupe Pineda Aguilar (born February 23, 1955) is a Mexican singer.

Living After Midnight

"Living After Midnight" is a 1980 song by British heavy metal band Judas Priest. It is the leading single from their sixth studio album "British Steel" and went to number 12 in the United Kingdom. It was covered by The Donnas for their fourth studio album "The Donnas Turn 21" in 2002 and Disturbed in 2010.

Billboard Argentina

Billboard Argentina is the Argentine edition of the international magazine Billboard. Founded in 2013, it is owned by Sociedad de Editores ABC1.


Pedro Américo

Pedro Américo de Figueiredo e Melo (29 April 1843 – 7 October 1905) was a Brazilian painter. He was also a writer, art theorist, essayist, and professor, but became known as one of the most important academic painters of Brazil.

He was influenced by neoclassicism, romanticism and realism in his painting, where it stands out his works related to the history of Brazil, like "Independência ou Morte!", about the proclamation of the independence of his country, in 1822.

Hubal

Hubal was a Saudi Arabian moon god worshipped by the Quarysh tribe in Makkah. The idol of the God was shaped similarly to a Human and the people of Makkah throwed arrows at the idol so they could get favors out of the God. However in 630, Muhammad destroyed all of the idols in Makkah including Hubal using a rod. The idol was seen as the greatest of the 360 idols by the Quraysh.

Derek Stirling

Derek Alexander Stirling was born 5 October, 1961 in Upper Hutt and died 13 December, 2023. He was a New Zealand cricketer who played six test matches and six one-day internationals from 1984 to 1986. He also played for Central Districts and Wellington in the Plunket Shield. He was the fourth cousin to cricketer Geoff Allott.


Fly Away (Lenny Kravitz song)

"Fly Away" is a 1998 song by Lenny Kravitz and is the fourth single from his fifth studio album "5". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and Iceland, number 12 in the United States and made the top 10 in Scotland, New Zealand, Australia, Canada and Ireland. It won a Grammy Award in 1999.

International CD and cassette single

European CD single

French CD single

Shane Nigam

Shane Nigam is an Indian actor who appears in Malayalam films. Having made his debut in a credited role with the 2013 road film "Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi" (2013), he went to receive wider attention for his performances in various successful drama films "Kismath" (2016), "Parava" (2017), "Kumbalangi Nights" (2019), "Ishq" (2019), "Bhoothakaalam" (2022), and (2023).


Naysila Mirdad

Naysila Nafulany Mirdad or better known as Naysila Mirdad (born in Jakarta, Indonesia on 23 May 1988) is an Indonesian actress of mixed Dutch, Sangirese, Minahasan and Javanese descent.

Varma Films

Varma Films was a film production and distribution company founded in Bombay, India and predominantly involved in producing and distributing Hindi-language films.

Khaplu

Khaplu (ཁ་པུ་ལུ།) is a city in northeastern Pakistan. It is the administrative capital of Ghanche District in Baltistan. The city is 103 km east of Skardu. It was the capital of the second-largest kingdom in Baltistan under the Yabgo dynasty. Khaplu served as a key point on the trade route to Ladakh and East Tukestan along the Shyok River. The city is a starting point for treks into the Hushe valley, leading to Masherbrum, K6, K7, and Chogolisa peaks.

Khaplu is an ancient city and has many historic monuments and sites like the 700-year-old Chaqchan mosque and Khilingrong mosque, founded by Ameer Kabeer Syed Ali Hamadani, along with other tourist sites like Ehlie broq, Hanjor, ThoqsiKhar, Kaldaq, and the Shyok River.

In the late 14th century, Syed Ali Hamdani came to Khaplu and converted people to Islam from Tibetan Buddhism and Bon. Many mosques and khanqahs attributed to him still exist.

Khaplu was once an independent kingdom ruled by the Yabgo dynasty, the second-largest in Baltiyul after the Makpon Empire. In 1974, the rulers of Khaplu acceded their state to Pakistan, ending their rule of over a thousand years. In the 17th and 18th centuries, Khaplu had strong ties with Ladakh and Makpon (Skardu) due to the marriages between the Royal families.

Captain Claude Martin Wade was likely the first European to visit Khaplu in 1835. Other travelers like William Moorcroft, George Trebeck, Godfrey Vigne, Alexander Cunningham, and Thomas Thomson explored and wrote about Khaplu's beauty and historical significance in the 19th and early 20th centuries.


Nagarjuna

Nagarjuna was a Buddhist monk and philosopher in the Mahayana tradition, known for the Madhyamaka school of Buddhism. He is highly regarded as one of the most important Buddhist philosophers, and credited as the founder of Madhyamaka philosophy. 

His key work is the Mūlamadhyamakakārikā (Root Verses on Madhyamaka), and is a important text explaining the philosophy of emptiness in Madhyamaka. Jan Westerhoff considers Nagarjuna to be among the greatest thinkers in the history of Asian philosophy.

We have limited reliable information about Nagarjuna's life, and historians disagree on when and where he lived (possibly 1st to 3rd century CE in various places). The earliest surviving accounts were written in Chinese and Tibetan centuries after his death and are mostly hagiographical accounts that are historically unverifiable. The earliest accounts were written centuries later in Chinese and Tibetan, mainly offering hagiographical, unverifiable details.

Some scholars, like Joseph Walser, suggest Nagarjuna served as an advisor to a king of the Satavahana dynasty in the 2nd century, possibly Yajna Sri Satakarni, based on archaeological findings at Amaravati. This places Nagarjuna around 150–250 CE.


Shadia Martinez Lozada

Shadia Martinez Lozada (born December 10, 1981) is the president of the Mexican DIF in Mineral de la Reforma.

Lozada holds a master's degree in Public Image Engineering and works as a dental surgeon at the Autonomous University of the State of Hidalgo. She received training in orthodontics at the Technological University of Mexico. 

She is the Presidentof the Board of Trustees of the "DIF Mineral de la Reforma Municipal System".

At the Tú y Yo Crecimiento Juntos Foundation, she serves as president in the State of Hidalgo. Lozada established the first free insulin bank in the entire State of Hidalgo.The foundation is responsible for carrying out charitable works such as health care and education for infants, provision of housing and health centers for low-income families and other works of general interest, mainly in the state of Hidalgo. 

Will Hatton

Will Hatton is a British traveler and founder of the award-winning travel blog, "The Broke Backpacker". He started his career as a freelance writer by writing for many major publications, like BBC, , and Yahoo!.

Hatton was born in Burgess Hill, England. During his early life, he spent a lot of time hiking and camping in the woods. Hatton planned to join the Royal Marines but was badly injured in Costa Rica while hiking and spent a year recovering. After this, he could no longer get into the armed forces, so he hit the road and began hitchhiking around the world.

Hatton is a professional traveler and travel blogger. He started traveling at a very young age, and until 2020, he had traveled to over 100 countries. India was the first country he blogged about, and he spent two years there while he was just 19 years old and broke, living in train stations and getting around by hitchhiking.

He founded "The Broke Backpacker", a travel blog, in January 2013 to record his travels and inspire others to ditch their desks and hit the road in search of adventure and personal development.

In 2017, Hatton was named one of Forbes' most influential people under 30.

His travels in Venezuela and his experience getting tattooed by Whang-od in Philippines helped him build up a considerable following on Snapchat, which he later used to launch tours to Pakistan and Iran.

He founded Epic Backpacker Tours, a company taking guests to Pakistan, in 2015 and led some of the first expeditions into Pakistan, a country that is now popular with adventure seekers. Hatton was also involved in setting up a small guesthouse with a local family in the mountains. Hatton sold his stake in Epic Backpacker Tours in 2020 and is no longer involved in that company.

In 2022, he co-founded Tribal Bali, a co-working hostel for online entrepreneurs and digital nomads in Bali, Indonesia. Tribal Bali has since won an award as the best digital nomad hostel in the world.

Hatton was in Istanbul, Turkey, and living in the area of when the occurred near the and the Hagia Sophia, an area popular among tourists. He was just a minute away from the bombing area and was saved, and the same day he was supposed to leave Turkey for Iran and Pakistan.

While Hatton was in Iran during his travels, he met a Persian girl on a social media platform and got married to her after converting to Islam. Both lived and traveled together for about four years.

Hatton's Islamic name is Reza. He is a non-practicing Muslim.

Ivo Viktor

Ivo Viktor (born 21 May 1942) is a Czech former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He played for Czechoslovakia, representing his country on 63 occasions between 1966 and 1977, taking part in the 1970 FIFA World Cup and winning the 1976 European Championship. Regarded as one of the best goalkeepers of his generation in Europe in his prime, he was characterized as a renowned shot-stopper, who came off his line very quick to avoid conceding goals against him, he was often considered as a sweeper-keeper and he was a penalty-stopper in his prime, he placed third in the 1976 Ballon d'Or, and was a five-time winner of the Czechoslovak Footballer of the Year award, and a two-time winner of the European Goalkeeper of the Year award.

Viktor played as a junior in the Spartak Šternberk team and later represented in the 1960–1961 season Železárny Prostějovia, in the 1961–1962 season RH Brnota, in the season 1962–1963 Spartak Brnota and in the seasons 1963–1977 Dukla Prague. He won the Czechoslovakia championship in 1964, 1966 and 1977. In the 1966–1967 season, Dukla Praha won the European Cup with the combined goals of two matches 1–3, in the first round when the team knocked out Danish Esbjerg. In the second round against Belgian Anderlecht. Viktor played all eight cup matches. In the quarter-finals, Dukla won to Dutch Ajax and, in the semi-finals Dukla lost to Celtic.

Viktor made his debut in the national team of his country in 1966 at "Maracanã" in a match against the national team Brazil. He played 63 matches for the Czechoslovak national team in the period 1966–1977, including captaining the team in 17 matches. He was a participant in the final tournament of the 1970 World Championship.

At the European Championship in 1976, he became one of the brightest players of the tournament and helped the Czechoslovak national team win gold medals. According to the results of the tournament, he received the prize of the best goalkeeper, and at the end of the year he took third place in the competition of the best football players of the year in Europe Golden Ball. His last international appearance was against Hungary in 1977.

Viktor took charge of Dukla Prague for one season as manager, in the 1990–91 Czechoslovak First League. The club finished the season in 11th place.





ISO 3166-2:PK

ISO 3166-2:PK is a standard code for Pakistan's subdivisions like provinces and territories. It's part of the ISO 3166 standard by the International Organization for Standardization. Pakistan has codes for 1 federal capital territory, 4 provinces, and 2 administered areas. Islamabad Capital Territory, with special status, contains the country's capital, Islamabad. Each code has two parts: PK (the alpha-2 code for Pakistan) and two letters representing the specific subdivision.

Subdivision names are listed as per the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA). Following ISO 639-1 codes represent subdivision names in English (en) and Urdu (ur):


Manuel de la Mata

Manuel de la Mata (23 October 1947 - 13 August 2022) was a Brazilian painter, portrait artist and author of Spanish and French nationality with residence in Brazil.

Manuel de la Mata studied sciences and humanities at the "Université Jean Jaurès", formerly known as "Université du Mirail", in France, and at the "Universidad Complutense" in Spain.

He graduated from the "Institut Normale d'Etudes Françaises" in France.









Ballyhaunis

Ballyhaunis is a town in County Mayo. It is Ireland's most diverse town. It has the first purpose-built mosque in Ireland. It was built in 1986. A halal meat plant was built there by a Pakistani businessman in the 1970s. In 2023 40% of the population was born abroad. 

Philautus surdus

The Luzon bubble-nest frog, Davao bubble-nest frog, or Williams' bubble-nest frog ("Philautus surdus") is a frog. It lives in the Phillippines. People have seen it on four islands: Bohol, Mindanao, Luzon, and Polillo, usually higher than 650 meters above sea level.

Wonderful Wonderful (The Killers album)

Wonderful Wonderful is the fitfth album released by The Killers. It was released September 22, 2017. It was their first studio album since Battle Born, which was released September 17, 2012. It was successful, most likely due to it being their return after 5 years of radio silence.

Nyanza, Rwanda

Nyanza, also known as Nyabisindu, is a town located in Nyanza District in the Southern Province of Rwanda. Nyanza is the capital of the Southern Province. It was the capital of the Kingdom of Rwanda from 1958 to 1962.

The town has two dairies. Laiterie de Nyabasindu is one of Rwanda's largest milk and yogurt producing companies. The town is famous for its yogurt and kefir.

It has the building of the United Nations International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.

Samuel Sunil Mankhin

Samuel Sunil Mankhin is a Bangladeshi bishop who has currently serving as the Primate & Archbishop of Dhaka since 2019 of Church of Bangladesh. Mankhin was previously the Bishop of Kustia, serving for many year. Ex officio, he is the Primate of All Bangladesh and the Archbishop of Church of Bangladesh.

Kibuye, Rwanda

Kibuye is a city in Karongi District, and the capital of the Western Province in Rwanda.

Kibuye is a beach resort and is within driving distance of two national parks. There is a genocide memorial marking the massacre of 90% of the town's Tutsi population in the Rwandan Genocide. The Ndaba Falls are near the city.

Both Kibuye Power Plant 1 and KivuWatt Power Station are within Kibuye.

Byumba

Byumba is a city in northern Rwanda and is the capital of Gicumbi District. There is an SOS Children's Village. It is about 60 kilometres (37 mi), north of the capital Kigali. and about 30 kilometres (19 mi), south of the border with Uganda at Gatuna.

Rwamagana

Rwamagana is a city and capital of both the Rwamagana District and the Eastern Province in Rwanda.

It is about 50 km (31 mi) from Kigali, on the newly renovated road leading east towards Tanzania.

Vikas Bahl

Vikas Bahl is an Indian filmmaker, best known for directing and scripting the comedy drama film "Queen" (2013).

Lover (album)

Lover is the seventh studio album by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released on August 23, 2019, through Republic RecordsCertifications

Kamlesh Patel (Daaji)

Kamlesh D. Patel (born 1956 in Gujarat) also known as Daaji among his followers, is a spiritual leader, author and the fourth in the line of Rāja yoga masters in the Sahaj Marg system of spiritual practice.


Valmiki Nayak

Valmiki Nayak (5 June 1951 – 17 July 2021) was an Indian politician and a former member of Karnataka Legislative Assembly from Chittapur constituency.


Shubhangi Atre

Shubhangi Atre (born 11 April 1981) is an Indian television actress. Atre debuted in acting with Ekta Kapoor's "Kasautii Zindagii Kay" where she played Palchinn Basu.


Nikita Kuzmin

Nikita Kuzmin is a Ukrainian-Italian dancer and choreographer. He is best known for being a professional dancer on the RTL and BBC One dance competitions "Let's Dance" and "Strictly Come Dancing".

Kanika Banerjee

Kanika Banerjee (12 October 1924 – 5 April 2000) was an Bengali Rabindra Sangeet singer.Born on 12 October 1924 at Sonamukhi in Bankura district, Kanika joined Visva-Bharati University, Santiniketan in West Bengal, India

Shivamogga Airport

Shivamogga Airport, officially renamed as Rashtrakavi Kuvempu Airport ,

Jivanmukta

A jīvanmukta, literally meaning 'liberated while living', is a person who, in the Vedānta philosophy, has gained complete self-knowledge and self-realisation and attained "kaivalya" or "moksha" (enlightenment and liberation), thus is liberated while living and not yet died.

Nad Narimani

Nad Narimani (born April 14, 1987) is an English mixed martial artist. He was the formal Cage Warriors Fighting Championship featherweight champion and he competed in the Featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.

Forum Culiacán

The Forum Culiacán is a shopping mall located in Culiacán, Sinaloa, Mexico, in "Desarrollo Urbano 3 Ríos" ("3 Rivers Urban Development"), one of the biggest districts in the city, next to Culiacan river.

Elante Mall

Elante Mall is a shopping mall in Chandigarh, India. With a gross leasable area of , it is the 7th largest shopping mall in Northern India and the 10th largest in India. 

Varsha Bollamma

Varsha Bollamma is an Indian actress who predominantly works in Tamil and Telugu films.

Bambari, Iran

Bambari (, also Romanized as Bambarī) is a village in Behdasht Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 346, in 72 families.

Sampath Nandi

Sampath Nandi (born 20 June 1980) is an Indian film director, screenwriter and producer who works primarily in Telugu cinema.


Isimi Lagos

Isimi Lagos is a planned city of Lagos State, Nigeria, under construction in Epe Town. The new city is designed to house up to 10,000 residents, with a completion timeline set to 2030.


Varsity Blues scandal

In 2019, a scandal arose over a criminal conspiracy to influence undergraduate admissions decisions at several top American universities. The investigation into the conspiracy was code named Operation Varsity Blues. The investigation and related charges were made public on March 12, 2019, by United States federal prosecutors. At least 53 people have been charged as part of the conspiracy,

Muhammad Ridha al-Sistani

Muhammad Ridha al-Sistani (Persian/Arabicː مەحمەد ڕضا حەسەنی سیستانی) was a Iraqi Shiite Imam born in the year 1962 and the grandson of Ali al-Sistani. Al-Sistani runs the office of his father and controls work with finances. 

ASD FC Sassari Torres Femminile

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica FC Sassari Torres Femminile (usually referred to simply as Torres or sometimes named Eurospin Torres due to sponsorship) is an Italian women's association football club based in Sassari.

Machine Gun Kelly

Machine Gun Kelly can mean:


Anna Mae Yu Lamentillo

Anna Mae Yu Lamentillo ( ; born February 7, 1991) is a Filipino government official, academic, columnist and author. Spanning a career of eight years in the civil service, Lamentillo worked under four different administrations. In November 2022, she was appointed Undersecretary for Public Affairs and Foreign Relations in the Department of Information and Communications Technology. To date, she is the youngest Filipino to hold the post. Prior to this, she was Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs of the same department.

From December 2016 to October 2021, Lamentillo assumed the role as chairperson of the Build, Build, Build Committee of the Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH) and as concurrent chairperson of the Infrastructure Cluster Communications Committee.

Before entering public service, she worked as a communications consultant of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) during their Haiyan Emergency Response and Rehabilitation Program.

Lamentillo is a graduate of University of the Philippines-Los Banos (UPLB), where she graduated cum laude and was given a distinction, the Faculty Medal for Academic Excellence, for obtaining the highest General Weighted Average for Development Journalism Majors of her batch. She also holds a Juris Doctor degree from the University of the Philippines Diliman and an executive certificate from the Harvard Kennedy School. Currently, she is pursuing a masters degree at the London School of Economics.

She holds the rank of Auxiliary Commodore (one-star general) at the Philippine Coast Guard.

Ball Pond, Connecticut

Ball Pond is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Bethel (CDP), Connecticut

Bethel is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Bigelow Corners, Connecticut

Bigelow Corners is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Bogus Hill, Connecticut

Bogus Hill is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Botsford, Connecticut

Botsford is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Branchville, Connecticut

Branchville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Brookfield Center, Connecticut

Brookfield Center is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Byram, Connecticut

Byram is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Candlewood Isle, Connecticut

Candlewood Isle is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Candlewood Knolls, Connecticut

Candlewood Knolls is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Candlewood Orchards, Connecticut

Candlewood Orchards is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Candlewood Shores, Connecticut

Candlewood Shores is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Cannondale, Connecticut

Cannondale is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Coleytown, Connecticut

Coleytown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Compo, Connecticut

Compo is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Daniels Farm, Connecticut

Daniels Farm is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Darien Downtown, Connecticut

Darien Downtown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Dodgingtown, Connecticut

Dodgingtown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

East Village, Connecticut

East Village is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Glenville, Connecticut

Glenville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Greens Farms, Connecticut

Greens Farms is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Greenwich (CDP), Connecticut

Greenwich is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Hawleyville, Connecticut

Hawleyville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Indian Field, Connecticut

Indian Field is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Inglenook, Connecticut

Inglenook is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Kellogg Point, Connecticut

Kellogg Point is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Knollcrest, Connecticut

Knollcrest is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Lakes East, Connecticut

Lakes East is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Lakes West, Connecticut

Lakes West is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Lakeside Woods, Connecticut

Lakeside Woods is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Lordship, Connecticut

Lordship is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Mamanasco Lake, Connecticut

Mamanasco Lake is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Murray, Connecticut

Murray is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

New Canaan (CDP), Connecticut

New Canaan is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Noroton, Connecticut

Noroton is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Noroton Heights, Connecticut

Noroton Heights is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Old Hill, Connecticut

Old Hill is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Oronoque, Connecticut

Oronoque is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Pemberwick, Connecticut

Pemberwick is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Plattsville, Connecticut

Plattsville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Poplar Plains, Connecticut

Poplar Plains is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Redding Center, Connecticut

Redding Center is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Ridgebury, Connecticut

Ridgebury is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Ridgefield (CDP), Connecticut

Ridgefield is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Riverside, Connecticut

Riverside is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Rock Ridge, Connecticut

Rock Ridge is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Sail Harbor, Connecticut

Sail Harbor is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Sandy Hook, Connecticut

Sandy Hook is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Saugatuck, Connecticut

Saugatuck is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Sherman (CDP), Connecticut

Sherman is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

South Wilton, Connecticut

South Wilton is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Southport, Connecticut

Southport is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Staples, Connecticut

Staples is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Stepney, Connecticut

Stepney is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Tashua, Connecticut

Tashua is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Taylor Corners, Connecticut

Taylor Corners is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Tokeneke, Connecticut

Tokeneke is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Topstone, Connecticut

Topstone is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Trumbull Center, Connecticut

Trumbull Center is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

West Mountain, Connecticut

West Mountain is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Weston (CDP), Connecticut

Weston is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Westport Village, Connecticut

Westport Village is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Wilton Center, Connecticut

Wilton Center is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Bård Nesteng

Bård Magnus Nesteng (born 14 May 1979, in Fredrikstad, Norway) is a Norwegian archer. Nesteng competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics, 2012 Summer Olympics, and the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Jan Roger Skyttesæter

Jan Roger Skyttesæter (born 8 April 1956) is a retired Norwegian archer. Roger Skyttesæter competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Qadiani

Qadiani is a slur used to refer to members of the Ahmadi Muslims mainly in the country of Pakistan. The term orignates from the township of Qadian, India which is the birthplace of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, who founded the subsect of Shia Islam, the Ahmadiyya movement. While it is disliked by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, the term is used by official Pakistani documents to refer to Ahmadis. 

Alan Wake 2

Alan Wake 2 (or Alan Wake II) is a 2023 survival horror game. It was developed by Remedy Entertainment and published by Epic Games Publishing. It is the sequel to Alan Wake. The game was released for PlayStation 5, Windows and Xbox Series X/S on 27 October 2023.

Characters: One of the characters is Saga Anderson, an FBI agent with supernatural abilities.

Totalitär

Totalitär is a Swedish hardcore punk band formed in 1984-1985 in Hudiksvall. The band plays in the style of D-beat and hardcore punk.

The first members were Poffen, Lanchy, Andreas and Lennart. Their drummer, Spennart joined the band in 1985, but quit during the summer of 1986. The band shared members between many local bands in Hudiksvall. Jörgen and Jesper from the two-piece band TGU were in the band between 1987 and 1989, before leaving to make the punk band The Kristet Utseende.

The band went on a hiatus in 1990. In 1994, Finn Records asked them to reform the band, which made the band make "Sin Egen Motståndare", their first full-length album. The band made studio material and rarely played live until 2000, where the band broke up. The band also had a fanzine called "Antisystem," which was the band's old name"."

In 2006, they made an album called "Vi Är Eliten".








Fantasy (Appleton song)

"Fantasy" is a 2002 song by Canadian-British duo Appleton. It is the leading single from their one and only album "Everything's Eventual". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 56 in Australia, number 29 in Italy and number 15 in Ireland.

Markus Lüpertz

Markus Lüpertz (born 25 April 1941) is a German painter, sculptor, graphic artist, and writer. He also has his own magazine, and he is a jazz pianist. 

Lüpertz is considered one of the most notable German artists of nowadays. He is seen as a neo-expressionist painter and sculptor. He is known for his eccentricity, and has been described in the press as a kind of "painter prince".

Sridhar Vembu

Sridhar Vembu (born 1968) is an Indian billionaire businessman. He created the Zoho Corporation. He has a net worth of $3.75 billion which makes him the 55th richest person in India. He was also awarded the Padma Shri in 2021.

Vembu was born in 1968 in a middle class family, in a village in Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu. He graduated with a bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras in 1989. He earned MS and PhD degrees from Princeton University in New Jersey.

Vembu started his career working for Qualcomm as a wireless engineer in San Diego, California, before moving to the San Francisco Bay Area.

In 1996, Vembu created software development company for network equipment providers called AdventNet with two of his brothers. The company was renamed Zoho Corporation in 2009, focusing on providing support to Customer relationship management services. 
Vembu was awarded the 2019 Ernst & Young "Entrepreneur of the Year Award" in India. He was also the recipient of the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian honor, in 2021. He has also been selected as CNN-News18 Indian of the Year 2022. He was also appointed to the National Security Advisory Board (NSAB) of India in 2021.

Zoho Corporation

Zoho Corporation, is an Indian global technology company that makes computer software and online business tools. The company was created in 1996 by Sridhar Vembu and Tony Thomas and has seven headquarters in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, and Austin in Del Valle, Texas.

From 1996 to 2009, the company was known as AdventNet, Inc. It used to provide management software.

In 2009, the company was renamed Zoho Corporation after the comapny made its online office suite. The company is privately owned.

Zoho had more than 50 million customers in January 2020. In July 2022, the company had more than 80 million users.

List of Odd Squad episodes

Odd Squad is an Canadian and American educational TV series that started on TVOKids, Sprout and PBS Kids in November 2014. The series was made by Tim McKeon and Adam Peltzman. The series is co-produced by Nelvana Fred Rogers Productions and Sinking Ship Entertainment together with TVOKids. There are currently three seasons of the series. A fourth season will start airing in late 2024. 

Odd Squad was renewed for a second season which started on June 20, 2016. The season started with the episode, "Agents of Change," which put together the season finale of the first season and the season premiere of the second season.
On March 28, 2019, Fred Rogers Productions announced a third season of Odd Squad would start in winter 2020. The season was named "Odd Squad: Mobile Unit." It started on February 17, 2020. The protagonists travel the world to solve odd cases. Season 3 started with an hour-long special episode named "Odd Beginnings."
OddTube is a series of short videos on PBS Kids with two seasons. An agent will present interviews and talk about subjects related to math or the series. Season 1 premiered in 2016 during Season 2 of Odd Squad with Agent Olympia as the presenter. 

In 2020, during Season 3A of Odd Squad, Agent Orla was the presenter.

The Source

The Source is an American music and entertainment news website and magazine. Created in 1988 by David Mays, it is the world's oldest rap publication. In 1999, it was the best-selling music magazine in America. But in 2009, the magazine began to lose readership and started to make less money.

The magazine's website began in 1998. It was celebrating its 100th issue.

S'well

S'well is an insulated products company that is headquartered in Manhattan, New York. It is most known for its water bottles.

S'well was started by Sarah Kauss in 2010. She used $30,000 of her own money to start the company. From 2013 to 2014, the company made $10 million in sales.

In 2016, Forbes reported that S'well had more than $100M in sales.

In 2017, the company increased staff at its London headquarters and expanded to 65 countries worldwide.

Inc. (magazine)

Inc. is an international American business magazine. The magazine publishes six issues every year. The magazine also does a few live and virtual events yearly.

"Inc." is best known for ranking the fastest-growing privately held companies in the United States, which they call the "Inc. 500" and "Inc. 5000."

Apart from inc.com, the magazine runs local editions, including:


Cole Bennett

Cole Michael Bennett (born May 14, 1996) is an American director. He started the Lyrical Lemonade in 2013.

Cole Bennett was born on May 14, 1996, in Plano, Illinois. He went to Plano High School. He dropped out of DePaul University to focus on his career in hip hop music.

Bennett started Lyrical Lemonade as a blog and YouTube channel when he was a high school student in Plano, Illinois. His channel also had live show recaps, documentaries and interviews.

In May 2018, he directed the music video for Juice Wrld's "Lucid Dreams", which hit number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. As of December 1, 2023, the video has surpassed 940 million views on YouTube. 

Through Lyrical Lemonade, he has worked with mainstream figures in hip hop such as J. Cole, Wiz Khalifa, Kanye West, and Eminem.

Adweek

Adweek is an American advertising trade magazine that started in 1979.

In 1990, Affiliated Publications Inc., which publishes "The Boston Globe", agreed to buy 80 percent of A/S/M Communications Inc., which published "Adweek".

On June 2, 2020, investment firm Shamrock Capital bought "Adweek" from a private equity firm Beringer Capital, which had bought Adweek in July 2016.

On July 26, 2023, Will Lee was announced as the CEO of "Adweek".

On November 30, 2023, Zoë Ruderman was announced as Chief Content Officer and Drew Schutte as Chief Revenue Officer.

Each year Adweek honors companies and individuals in the marketing and media industry by giving out awards, such as the "Adweek 50," "Brand Genius", "Creative 100", "Agency of the Year", "Media Plan of the Year" and Marketing Vanguard.

Flag-Smasher

Flag-Smasher is a major antagonist in Marvel Comics. He is a supervillainous terrorist who becomes rivalled with Captain America and is also the leader of U.L.T.I.M.A.T.U.M., a terrorist organization that wants to unite mankind and separate them from their symbols. He is also an enemy of Ghost Rider, the Punisher, and Moon Knight. There are three incarnations of the character, the first and original is Karl Morgenthau, the second was Guy Thierrault, and the third was Carl.

He first appeared in "Captain America #312" in December of 1985.

A group called the Flag Smashers appeared in the Marvel Cinematic Universe / Disney+ series "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier" (2021), led by a female version of the Karl Morgenthau incarnation renamed Karli Morgenthau (portrayed by Erin Kellyman).

Trade magazine

A trade magazine, also sometimes called a trade journal or trade paper, is a magazine or newspaper that targets people who work in a certain industry. Trade magazines help keep people that work in the industry or are passionate about the industry keep updated about new developments in an industry.

Ghost Rider (Johnny Blaze)

Johnathon "Johnny" Blaze a.k.a Ghost Rider is a fictional character and antihero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character is an American motorcycle stunt performer, and entertainer turned Spirit of Vengeance. He was the son of famed stuntman Barton Blaze who tragically died during a stunt. He became bound to Zarathos the Spirit of Vengeance after making a deal with the Demon Mephisto to spare the life of his surrogate father Crash Simpson. Now with the power to control Hellfire and to inflict pain on those he deemed evil with his Penance Stare, Blaze seeks vengeance riding his Hell Cycle as the Ghost Rider.

The character has been featured in various media adaptations, such as television series, feature movies, and video games. The character was portrayed by Nicolas Cage in the movies "Ghost Rider" (2007) and "" (2011).

Ghost Rider (Robbie Reyes)

Roberto "Robbie" Reyes is a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the fifth Marvel character to use the name Ghost Rider, after Carter Slade (the Western comics hero later known as the Phantom Rider), Johnny Blaze, Danny Ketch and Alejandra Jones.

The character was portrayed by Gabriel Luna in the televisions series "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." in the fourth season, set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Ghost Rider (Danny Ketch)

Ghost Rider (Daniel "Danny" Ketch) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the third Marvel character to don the identity of Ghost Rider, after Johnny Blaze (the first supernatural Ghost Rider and brother to Danny) and the Western hero known as the Phantom Rider, who used the name in 1967.

A younger version of the character appeared in the 2012 movie "", portrayed by Fergus Riordan.

Rogue (Marvel Comics)

Rogue (real name Anna Marie LeBeau) is a fictional character and a popular superheroine in the Marvel Comics universe, appearing as one of the main characters of the "X-Men" comics.

She is a prominent member of the X-Men, and has the ability to absorb someone's powers by simply touching, but at risk of killing them in the process. She was originally a member of the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants, but later redeemed herself and became one of the core members, teacher, and temporarily leader of the X-Men.

Since her debut in the comics, she has appeared in numerous media such as movies, television and video games. In the "X-Men" movies, she was portrayed by Anna Paquin.

She was created by Chris Claremont and Michael Golden, and first appeared in "Avengers Annual 10" in August of 1981.

Storm (Marvel Comics)

Ororo Munroe, better known as Storm, is a major protagonist in Marvel Comics, being one of main characters and core members of the X-Men. A trusted ally of Professor Xavier, she is one of the older students and her experience and powerful, weather-based powers comes in handy when dealing with dangerous villains.

Since her debut in the comics, she has appeared in numerous media. In the "X-Men" animated series, she was voiced by Iona Morris, and then Alison Sealy-Smith, as Kirsten Williamson voiced her in "". In the "X-Men" films, she was portrayed by Halle Berry (who also played Jinx), and Alexandra Shipp younger.

She was created by the late Len Wein, and the late Dave Cockrum, and first appeared in "Giant-Size X-Men #1" in April of 1975.

I'll Be Loving You (Forever)

"I'll Be Loving You (Forever)" is a 1989 song by New Kids on the Block and is the third single from their second studio album "Hangin' Tough". It went to number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in the United States, number 2 in Ireland, number 28 in New Zealand, number 8 in the Netherlands, number 4 in Australia and number 17 in Canada.

Maxi-CD


Change of Heart (Cyndi Lauper song)

"Change of Heart" is a 1986 song by Cyndi Lauper and is the second single from her second studio album "True Colors". It went to number 3 in the United States, number 67 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in Israel, number 13 in Canada, number 41 in New Zealand, number 15 in Australia, number 8 in France and number 4 in Chile.




Too Much of Heaven

"Too Much of Heaven" is a 1999 song by Eiffel 65. It was taken from their debut studio album "Europop" and went to number 2 in Italy, number 3 in Romania, number 11 in Spain, number 5 in Greece, number 6 in France, number 50 in Australia and number 49 in New Zealand.


2010–11 FC Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2010-11 Red Bull Salzburg season brought the 2nd place for Salzburg in the Championship. They also played in the cup and the UEFA Europa League .

̣

Eddie Kingston

Edward Moore (born December 12, 1981) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Eddie Kingston. He also wrestles in their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH). He is the current ROH World Champion in ROH and current Strong Openweight Champion in New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW).

He has also spent time wrestling in Chikara, Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW), Westside Xtreme Wrestling (wXw), Ring of Honor (ROH), Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Total Nonstop Action/Impact Wrestling (TNA), National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). He is also known for his many years spent wrestling on the independent circuit.

Kingston is well known and praised for his ability to cut promos.

On the July 22, 2020 episode of "Dynamite", Kingston made his debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW) after answering Cody's TNT Championship open challenge. He was unsuccessful in winning the title. On July 31, it was announced by AEW that Kingston had signed a contract to become a member of the roster. At All Out, Kingston would compete in the 21 Man Casino Battle Royale and would make it until the end but would be thrown out by Lance Archer. On the September 8 episode of "Dark", Kingston would earn his first victory in AEW after he defeated Lee Johnson. On the September 23 episode of "Dynamite", Kingston would challenge his former friend Jon Moxley for his AEW World Championship but lost after passing out in a bulldog chokehold by Moxley. After attacking Moxley after a match later on, Kingston would demand a rematch since Moxley never made him submit. At Full Gear, the two would have a rematch in an "I Quit" match for the AEW World Championship. Kingston would lose after Moxley would wrap barbed wire around his own arm and apply the bulldog choke on Kingston to make him say that he quits.

Kingston would turn face at Revolution after running in to save Moxley from the explosions at the end of Moxley's Exploding Barbed Wire Deathmatch with Kenny Omega. At Double or Nothing, Kingston would team with Moxley and they would face The Young Bucks for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but they lost. Moxley would end up taking some time off for paternity leave after the birth of his first child. Kingston would end up teaming with his former teammate Penta El Zero Miedo. Kingston and Penta would face The Young Bucks in a street fight for the AEW World Tag Team Championships at Road Rager but lost. At All Out, Kingston would face Miro for his AEW TNT Championship but lost. 

On the June 8, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Kingston would compete in a Casino Battle Royale to determine who would become the number two contender for the interim AEW World Championship. The winner would face Jon Moxley in the main event of "Dynamite" to see who would represent AEW at Forbidden Door. The match would eventually be won by Kyle O'Reilly.

On Night 1 of Grand Slam, Kingston faced Claudio Castagnoli in a Winner Takes All match. Kingston defended his Strong Openweight Championship and Castagnoli defended his ROH World Championship. Kingston would end up defeating Castagnoli and became the new ROH World Champion. 

Rainmaker (Iron Maiden song)

"Rainmaker" is a 2003 song by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden and is the second and final single from their 13th studio album "Dance of Death". It went to number 13 in the United Kingdom and Italy, number 2 in Spain, number 7 in Canada and number 3 in Finland.


Japanese CD Extras:




Waikato River

The Waikato River is the longest river in New Zealand. It flows for 425 kilometers through the North Island. It starts on Mount Ruapehu, joins the Tongariro River system, and passes through Lake Taupo. After draining Taupo, it forms the Huka Falls and flows northwest across the Waikato Plains. The river ends at the Tasman Sea south of Auckland, known as Port Waikato. 

The Waikato region surrounds the Waikato Plains. The Waikato river's current course was shaped about 17,000 years ago due to factors like climate changes and forest regrowth. Its main tributary is the Waipa River which joins it at Ngaruawahia.

The name Waikato means flowing water in Maori. For local Maori tribes, especially the Tainui, the Waikato River holds spiritual significance and is a source of pride (mana). The Turangawaewae marae (sacred place), which is highly respected, is located near the riverbanks in Ngaruawahia.


Komsomol

The Komsomol was the Communist Youth League in the Soviet Union. It was officially called the All-Union Leninist Young Communist League. It started in 1918. It was for people from 14 to 28. For people under 14 there was the Young Pioneers, and for under 9 the Little Octobrists.

In March 1926 there were 1,750,000 members: 6% of the eligible youth population.

It didn't have much political influence but it was important for teaching the values of the CPSU to the younger generation.

Khouribga

Khouribga () is a Moroccan city located in the center of the northern half of the Kingdom of Morocco. It is the capital of Khouribga Province in the Béni Mellal-Khénifra region, Morocco. Its population is 193,372 people, according to the 2014 General Population and Housing Census.
The city was founded in 1923 AD by the French protection authorities when they discovered phosphate in the region.
It is 107 kilometers away from the city of Casablanca, 157 kilometers from the capital Rabat and 205 kilometers from the city of Marrakesh.

Tongmenghui

The Tongmenghui was a secret organization founded by Sun Yat-sen and many others in 1905, its goal was to overthrow the Qing government.

Li Zongren

Li Zongren was a Guangxi warlord who also was the vice-president of the Republic of China and Acting President of the same state. Li was born in Xixiang Village which is near the city of Guilin, Guangxi, China on August 13, 1890. In 1910 Li joined the revolutionary Tongmenghui, Li didn't know about the reforms and overall goals that Sun Yat-sen wanted to put in. Li's Family claimed to be related to Li Xiucheng who was a Taiping General. Li was taught by Cai E and later Graduated from the Guilin Military Cadre Training School. Later in 1916, Li became a Platoon commander in Lu Rongting's Guangxi Army. 2 years later in 1918, during a fight against the Hunan warlord, Li got promoted to battalion commander. 

Sourabh Pholia

Sourabh Pholia is a Bangladeshi bishop who has currently serving as the Deputy Moderator & Bishop of Barishal since 2019 of Church of Bangladesh. Pholia was previously a Priest of Oxford Mission Church. The Church of Bangladesh is a United Protestant denomination resulting from the merger of Anglican and Presbyterian denominations in the country.

Temple of Confucius

A Confucian temple is a place of worship where people show respect to Confucius and other figures of Confucianism. Confucianism is a folk religion in China and other East and Southeast Asian countries. It's history is more than 2,500 years.

In the past, these temples used to be where the imperial examination happened. This was in China, Korea, Japan, and Vietnam. They often included schools and other places for studying for them.

The birthplace of Confucius is Qufu, Shandong contains the Temple of Confucius. Inside is a very tall statue (72 meters) made of brass and strengthened with steel. This temple is the biggest and oldest Confucius temple in the world, and it is also a UNESCO world heritage site since 1994.

The temples are called by many different names in East and Southeast Asia. The most important ones in Qufu and Beijing are now called "Temples of Confucius" in Chinese (Kǒngmiào, 孔廟). In some places, they are called "Temples of Literature" (文廟) (Chinese: wénmiào; Vietnamese: văn miếu; Korean: munmyo; Indonesian: boen bio) or "Temples of the Sage of Literature" (Vietnamese: văn thánh miếu). In Southern China, temples with these names usually honor Wenchang Wang, a separate deity linked to the scholar Zhang Yazi. In Japan, they are commonly known as "Temples" or "Halls of the Sage" (Japanese: seibyō or seidō).

Temples dedicated to Confucius were built as more people honored him. In 195 BC, Han Gao Zu, who started the Han dynasty, paid respects to Confucius at his tomb in Qufu. People began to worship Confucius and his disciple Yan Hui at the Imperial University around 241.

In 454, the Liu Song dynasty in southern China built an important state Confucian temple. By 489, the Northern Wei built another Confucian temple in the capital, extending beyond Qufu in the north. In 630, the Tang dynasty made Confucian temples mandatory in schools across provinces and counties, spreading them throughout China. Notable Confucian shrines include those in Jianshui, Xi'an (now the Forest of Steles), Nanjing's Fuzi Miao, and Beijing's Confucian Temple, first established in 1302. The old Confucian Temple in Tianjin, near Traditional Culture Street, covers 32 acres and stands as the largest surviving group of traditional architecture buildings in Tianjin.

The biggest and oldest Temple of Confucius is in Qufu, Shandong Province of China, this is where Confucius was born. Duke Ai of the State of Lu ordered its establishment in 479 BC, a year after Confucius passed away. The temple grew larger over more than 2,000 years, becoming the huge complex it is today. Another temple exists in Quzhou. Other than state-linked Confucian temples, there were ancestral temples for the Kong lineage, buildings commemorating Confucius's accomplishments nationwide, and private temples within educational institutions.

Starting from the Tang dynasty (618–907), they built Confucian temples in schools across the empire. These temples were built at the front or on the side of the schools. The front gate is called the Lingxing Gate. Inside, there were usually three courtyards, but sometimes only two. However, the Qufu complex has nine courtyards with many stone slabs commemorating visits by emperors or imperial grants of titles to Confucius' descendants. The main building, in the inner courtyard, accessed through the Dachengmen, is called the Dachengdian, translated as "Hall of Great Achievement", "Hall of Great Completion," or "Hall of Great Perfection". In imperial China, this halls housed the Spirit Tablets of Confucius and other important sages. In front of the Dachengdian in Qufu is the Apricot Pavilion or Xingtan. Another important building behind the main one is the Shrine of Adoring the Sage, honoring Confucius' ancestors and the fathers of the Four Correlates and Twelve Philosophers.

Confucian temples, unlike Taoist or Buddhist ones, usually do not have statues. In the early years of the Qufu temple, the spirits of Confucius and his disciples were shown in wall paintings. Official temples included images of Confucius, but this was opposed as imitating Buddhist temples. The focus was argued to be on honoring Confucius's teachings rather than the man himself.

To solve the lack of uniformity in Confucius statues, Emperor Taizu of the Ming dynasty ordered that new Confucian temples should only have spirit tablets and no statues. In 1530, it was decided that existing images of Confucius in imperial temples should be replaced with spirit tablets. However, many modern Confucian temples still have statues, especially those run by Confucius's family descendants, like the one in Qufu.

Confucian worship mainly includes offering sacrifices to Confucius's spirit at the Confucian temple.

A dance called the Eight-Row Dance, originally the Six-Row Dance, is performed at these temples. The dance involves eight columns of eight dancers each and was granted to Confucius in 1477 as an imperial honor, given the title of king after his death. The accompanying musicians play yayue music.

Apart from honoring Confucius, Confucian temples also pay tribute to the "Four Correlates," the "Twelve Philosophers," and other disciples and scholars of Confucianism throughout history. The number and composition of figures worshipped changed over time, leading to controversy over which Confucians to enshrine. By the 20th century, there were 162 figures worshipped, including the Four Correlates (Yan Hui, Zeng Shen, Kong Ji, and Mencius) and the Twelve Philosophers.

As Confucian teachings spread across East Asia, temples dedicated to Confucius were built in Vietnam, Korea, and Japan. From the 18th century onwards, some temples even appeared in Europe and the Americas. At its peak, there were more than 3,000 Confucian temples globally.

The highest number of Confucian temples outside China can be found in Korea. These temples, often linked to schools, first started during the Goryeo period (918–1392). Confucianism gained prominence in the Joseon dynasty, leading to the establishment of government Confucian schools (Hanggyo 항교) for training officials. These schools included teaching buildings and a memorial tablet house called Daesongjeon 대성전. While inspired by Chinese models, Korea introduced variations, such as building schools in front of temples. Korea also added its own scholars, the eighteen scholars of the East, to the Confucian pantheon (the five sages).

In Korea's history, there were 362 Confucian temples. After World War II and the division of the country, those in the North transformed into centers of traditional culture (Gukjagam). Some of the 232 temples in the South continued their activities. Alongside Confucianism-focused temples, the Republic of Korea also has twelve Confucian family temples, two temples in private schools, and three libraries.

The first Confucian temple in Taiwan was the Taiwan Confucian Temple, built in Tainan in 1665 during the Tungning Kingdom. Another temple, the Taipei Confucius Temple, was constructed in Taipei in 1879, demolished in 1907, and rebuilt on Dalong Street from 1925 to 1939. Designed by Wang Yi-Shun, the new temple follows the typical Fujian temple style. Every year, on September 28, Confucius's birthday, the Shidian Ceremony takes place. There's also a Confucian temple in Zuoying District, Kaohsiung, completed in 1974 in the Northern Song architectural style. Additional Confucian temples are in Chiayi City, Taipei, Taichung, and Changhua County.

In Japan, Confucian temples (kōshi-byō) were commonly constructed, often alongside Confucian schools. The Yushima Seidō, established in 1630 during the Edo period, is the most famous. At first it was a private school linked to the Neo-Confucianist scholar Hayashi Razan. Originally in Shinobi-ga-oka in Ueno, it was later moved to near present-day Ochanomizu by the Tokugawa Shogunate. The Shogunate also established a significant state-sponsored school, Shoheikō, on its grounds.
In Vietnam, a Confucian temple is known as Văn Miếu. The earliest recorded Văn Miếu is in Hanoi, established in 1070 during the Lý dynasty. Starting from 1397, Confucian temples, including the renowned Văn Miếu in Hưng Yên City, spread across Vietnam with the construction of schools during the Tran dynasty.

Confucian temples are also in Indonesia, known as "Churches of Confucius". Confucianism is a recognized religion in the country. The largest and oldest is Boen Bio temple in Surabaya, initially constructed in the city's Chinatown in 1883 and later moved in 1907. Reportedly, there are over 100 Confucianist halls of worship across Indonesia.

The first Confucian temple in Malaysia was built within the Chung Hwa Confucian School in Penang in the early 20th century. This school, started by the Qing dynasty ambassador to the British Straits Settlement at the time, later split into SJK(C) Chung Hwa Confucian A, B, and SMJK Chung Hwa Confucian. Parents brought their children to this temple for prayers before starting school, seeking excellence in studies.

Kuala Lumpur has two Confucian schools, SMJK Confucian and Confucian Private School, along with a Confucian school in Malacca, where ceremonies in honor of Confucius happen yearly.

Donkey Kong Jr. (Game &amp; Watch)

In this 1982 game, the player controls Donkey Kong Jr. as he works to save his father, Donkey Kong, while watching out for obstacles like crocodiles, birds and electric flashes. The game is based on the the arcade game with the same name and was later included in Game & Watch Gallery 3 (2004) and 4 (2002), and as DSiWare game in 2010.

In this game, Mario is a villain and locks up Donkey Kong just like the original version.

Derajat

Derajat is a region in central Pakistan, where the provinces of Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, and Balochistan meet. Derajat is bounded by the Indus River to the east, and the Sulaiman Mountains to the west.

Main cities in derajat are Dera Ghazi Khan in southwestern Punjab, Dera Ismail Khan (southeastern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa), and Dera Bugti, Dera Allah Yar and Dera Murad Jamali in Balochistan. 

Vicente Filísola

Vicente Filísola (born Vincenzo Filizzola; c. 1785 – 23 July 1850) was an Italian-born Spanish and Mexican military and political figure during the 19th century. He is most well known for his role in leading the short-lived Mexican annexation of Central America between 1822 and 1823.

Memon people

The Memons are a Muslim community in Sindh, Pakistan and Gujarat, India. They are divided into different groups based on where they live: Sindhi Memons from Sindh, Kathiawari Memons and Bantva Memons from Kathiawar region, Kutchi Memons from Kutch.

All memons have origins in Sindh, they were Sindhi hindu Lohanas from Sindh. In 1524 they embraced Islam on the hands of Syed Yusufuddin Qadri, and were called (Mu'min i.e "believer" in Arabic), which changed into Memon overtime, from Sindh they migrated first into Kutch and then into other regions of Gujarat.

Jefferson Starship

Jefferson Starship is an American rock band from San Francisco, California, formed in 1970 by a group of musicians including former members of Jefferson Airplane.

Starship (band)

Starship is an American rock band from San Francisco, California. Initially a continuation of Jefferson Starship, it underwent a change in musical direction, the subsequent loss of personnel, and a lawsuit settlement that led to a name change. Starship's 1985 album, "Knee Deep in the Hoopla", was certified platinum by the RIAA, and included two singles that went to number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart: "We Built This City" and "Sara".

Khoja

Khuwaja or Khoja are Shia (Nizari Isma'ili) muslim community of Sindh, Pakistan and Gujarat, India. They were of Baniya caste groups (traders), who converted to Islam from Hinduism under Muslim pirs (saints).

Manhattan (disambiguation)

Manhattan is a borough of New York City.

Manhattan may also refer to:


Bohra

The Bohra, Vohra or Dawoodi Bohras are a community of Shia of (Ismā'īlī branch). They number approximately one million worldwide. Dawoodi Bohra community resides in India and Pakistan, with sizable population in Yemen, East Africa, and the Middle East.

Philautus longicrus

The Palawan bubble-nest frog ("Philautus longicrus") is a frog. It lives in the Phillippines, Indonesia, Borneo, and Malaysia. In the Phillippines, people have seen it between 30 and 1000 meters above sea level, and in Borneo, people have seen it between 700 and 2900 meters above sea level.

Slogan of the Houthi movement

The slogan of the Houthi movement (called Ansarallah officially), which is a Shiite Jihadist group in the country of Yemen says "God is Great, Death to America, Death to Israel, Curse the Jews, Victory to Islam" on a vertical banner with a white background and green text for pro-Islam statements along with red text for the United States, Israel, and Jews. The slogan is modeled off of the motto of Iran during the 1979 Iranian Revolution. The slogan was however made illegal by the government of Yemen (Saudi Arabia supported) and fierce crackdowns ensued causing the arrest of 600 people. The slogan is also typically used alongside the flags of Palestine and Yemen to show their support to the Palestinian people.

Paul Strand

Paul Strand (October 16, 1890 – March 31, 1976) was an American photographer and filmmaker. He was one of those who helped that photography could be considered as an art form in the 20th century. His vast body of work, from six decades, shows plenty of genres and subjects across several continents, the Americas, Europe, and Africa.

Weird Genius (music)

Weird Genius is an Indonesian DJ and record production group based Pop music, EDM, and synth-pop consisting of three members are Reza Oktovian, Eka Gustiwana, and Roy Leonard Soewarno. This group was formed in 2016 and released their first song in 2017 with the title DPS.

Ramón Aldea

Ramón S. Aldea (born 13 August 1932) is a Filipino retired archer. Aldea competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Rachel Cabral

Rachelle Anne Cabral (born October 5, 1985) is a Filipino archer. Cabral competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

List of South Africa Test cricketers

This is a list of cricketers who play Test cricket for South Africa.

Statistics are correct as of 11 March 2023.
‡ Captain
† Wicketkeeper

Southern Province, Rwanda

Southern Province (; ; ) is one of the five provinces of Rwanda. As of the 2022 census, 3,002,699 people lived there. It has an area of 5,963 km². The capital city is Nyanza.

It was created on 1 January 2006 from the former provinces of Gikongoro, Gitarama, and Butare. It has eight districts of Huye, Ruhango, Nyamagabe, Gisagara, Muhanga, Kamonyi, Nyanza, and Nyaruguru.

Western Province, Rwanda

Western Province (; ; ) is one of the five provinces of Rwanda. As of the 2022 census, 2,896,484 people lived there. It has an area of 5,882 km². The capital city is Kibuye.

It was created on 1 January 2006 from the former provinces of Cyangugu, Gisenyi, Kibuye, and a small part of Ruhengeri. It has seven districts of Karongi, Nyabihu, Rubavu, Rusizi, Ngororero, Nyamasheke, and Rutsiro.

Northern Province, Rwanda

Northern Province (; ; ) is one of the five provinces of Rwanda. As of the 2022 census, 2,038,511 people lived there. It has an area of 3,276 km². The capital city is Byumba.

It was created on 1 January 2006 from the former provinces of Ruhengeri and Byumba, along with northern parts of Kigali Rural. It has five districts of Burera, Gakenke, Gicumbi, Musanze, and Rulindo.

Eastern Province, Rwanda

Eastern Province (; ; ) is the largest, the most populous and the least densely populated of Rwanda's five provinces. As of the 2022 census, 3,563,145 people lived there. It has an area of 9,458 km². The capital city is Rwamagana.

It was created on 1 January 2006 from the former provinces of Kibungo and Umutara, along with large part of Kigali Rural and part of Byumba. It has seven districts of Bugesera, Gatsibo, Kayonza, Kirehe, Ngoma, Nyagatare, and Rwamagana.

Jorge Macri

Jorge Macri (Born, March 5, 1965) is an Argentine politician and entrepreneur, currently serving as the Mayor of the City of Buenos Aires since December 7, 2023.

In 2001, alongside his cousin and former President Mauricio Macri, he founded the Creer y Crecer Foundation. In 2004, together with other leaders, he founded the PRO party at the provincial level. In 2005, he was elected as the party's first deputy in the Province of Buenos Aires until 2007. In December of that same year, he became the president of the PRO bloc in the provincial Chamber of Deputies. He served as the mayor of Vicente López, achieving the party's first victory in the Buenos Aires territory in October 2011. 

After three terms in office, in 2021, he took a leave of absence from the mayoralty to assume his current position in the government of the City of Buenos Aires, leaving Soledad Martínez, the first councilor on the list, as interim mayor. In June 2023, he officially resigned, and Martínez assumed the role of Mayor. In 2023, he was inaugurated as the Head of Government of Buenos Aires City.
Gisenyi

Gisenyi is the second largest city in Rwanda. It is in the Western Province. It is on the border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Gisenyi is on the northern shore of Lake Kivu. It has many hotels and three sandy beaches. The area is also known for water sports.

Ruhengeri

Ruhengeri, also known as Musanze, is the third largest city in Rwanda and the capital of Musanze District in the Northern Province of Rwanda. As of the 2022 census, 135,000 people lived there.

Ruhengeri is near the lakes of Lake Burera and Lake Ruhondo and is the gateway city to Volcanoes National Park.

Pietà, Malta

Pietà () is a small harbour town in the Central Region of Malta. It is near the outskirts of the capital city Valletta. Pietà is the closest suburb to the capital after Floriana. The name means "Pity" in Italian.

The former national hospital St. Luke's is in Tal-Pietà.

Butare

Butare, also known as Huye, is a city in the Southern Province of Rwanda. It is the capital of Huye District. As of the 2022 census, 75,000 people lived there.

The National University of Rwanda and Butare Airport are in Butare.

Butare was founded by the Belgian colonial rulers in the 1920s under the name "Astrida", in honor of Queen Astrid of the Belgians. The government of Rwanda changed the name of the city when it gained independence in 1962.

Palayan

Palayan is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Nueva Ecija. According to the 2020 census, 45,383 people lived there.

Palayan is of Cabanatuan and of Manila.

Ronda, Cebu

Ronda is a municipality in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 21,005 people lived there.

Bogo, Cebu

Bogo is a city in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 88,867 people lived there.

Carcar

Carcar is a city in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 136,453 people lived there.

Aloguinsan

Aloguinsan is a municipality in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 34,466 people lived there.

Lauren Jauregui

Lauren Jauregui is an American singer and songwriter best known for her part in the vocal girl-group "Fifth Harmony", or H5 for short.

Gorge River

The Gorge River is a river on the West Coast of New Zealand. It starts in the Hope Blue River Range and flows southwest into the Tasman Sea. Some of its smaller rivers that join it are the Duncan River and Jerry River. The Gorge River goes through Cascade Forest and reaches the Tasman Sea about 15 km northeast of Awarua Point. 

There are tiny islands called the Gorge Islands near its mouth. The river is fast and affected by tides at its delta.


 

List of American male country singers

This is a list of American male country singers.


I'm in Love (Ginuwine song)

"I'm in Love" is a 2006 song by Ginuwine. It is the second and final single from his fifth studio album "Back II Da Basics" (2005). It went to number 69 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.

Abdulaziz Al-Babtain

Abdulaziz Saud Al-Babtain (1936 - 15 December 2023) was a Kuwaiti businessman and poet, and head of the Al-Babtain Group for Poetic Creativity. He was also a Member of the Writers Association in Kuwait.

He was a well known businessmen in Kuwait and had prominent commercial and industrial activity in Europe, America, China and the Middle East. He also has many varied investments in a number of Arab countries.
Abdulaziz Al-Babtain published 3 poetry collections, they are listed below:
Abdulaziz Saud Al-Babtain died on 15 December 2023, Friday morning.

Rashidun army

The Rashidun army, (The army of the Rightly Guided Caliphs), was a formidable military force that played a pivotal role in the early expansion of Islam and the establishment of the Rashidun Caliphate (632-661 CE). This highly disciplined and strategically adept army, composed primarily of Arab tribesmen, achieved remarkable victories against Byzantine and Sassanid empires, expanding Muslim rule from Arabia to Persia, North Africa, and parts of Central Asia.

The Rashidun army evolved from the early Muslim community in Medina. Initially, it relied on a tribal militia system, with each tribe contributing warriors based on its size and prominence. Over time, however, a more centralized and professional structure emerged, with a standing army and a system of taxation to support its upkeep. Cavalry formed the backbone of the army, known for its mobility and swiftness in desert warfare. Infantry played a crucial role in siege warfare and close-quarter combat.

The Rashidun army produced some of the most renowned military leaders in Islamic history, including Khalid ibn al-Walid, known as the "Sword of Allah," and Abu Ubaidah ibn al-Jarrah, a brilliant strategist. These commanders effectively utilised tactics like flanking manoeuvres, surprise attacks, and night raids, often outmanoeuvring their larger and better-equipped opponents.

The Rashidun army's conquests had a profound impact on the political and religious landscape of the 7th century. Their victories led to the decline of the Byzantine and Sassanid empires, paving the way for the spread of Islam and the establishment of a vast Muslim empire. The military techniques and organizational principles developed by the Rashidun army influenced subsequent Islamic military powers, while their legacy continues to be debated and studied by historians and military scholars.

The Rashidun Caliphate and its military achievements continue to capture the imagination centuries later. Here are some examples of how the Rashidun army has been portrayed in popular culture:




It's important to note that these portrayals often simplify or romanticize the complex historical realities of the Rashidun Caliphate and its military campaigns. They can also perpetuate stereotypes about Islamic history and culture. If you're interested in learning more about the Rashidun army, it's important to consult academic sources and diverse perspectives.


Yemenis

Yemenis or Yemenites are citizens of the country of Yemen. Currently there are 31,461,438 Yemenis in the country of Yemen. There are also significant populations of Yemenis in Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Israel, United States, UAE, and the UK. 

Trey Fanjoy

Trey Fanjoy is an American music video director.


Surigao del Norte

Surigao del Norte or the Province of Surigao del Norte, is a province of the Philippines in the Caraga region of Mindanao. Its capital is Surigao City. The province includes two main islands, Siargao and Bucas Grande, in the Philippine Sea, along with a small area at the northeastern tip of mainland Mindanao and other nearby minor islands. It shares borders with Agusan del Norte and Surigao del Sur.

As the second northernmost province in Mindanao, Surigao del Norte has a important role in commerce and transportation, serving as a hub between Visayas and Mindanao. Ferries regularly cross the Surigao Strait, connecting Surigao to Leyte and facilitating the transport of vehicles, goods, and passengers.

There are two possible meanings for the name "Surigao" based on different root words. One interpretation suggests it might come from "suligao" or "suyogao," which means "water current" in Visayan languages. The term is related to words like Sinulog, Sulu, and Tausug.

Another perspective is that it could be from the root word "sulig," meaning "sprout" or "spring up." In this case, Surigao may have originated from "suligao" ("spring water"), possibly referring to the Surigao River, known as "Suligaw" in Mandaya, which flows into the northern tip of Mindanao. Historical records mention the river's name as Suligao, Surigao, or Zurigan.

In 2020, Surigao del Norte had a population of 534,636 people, and the density was 270 inhabitants per square kilometer or 700 per square mile.

The residents are mainly of Austronesian descent, with some having Chinese, Arab, Spanish, and American ancestry, though the latter is a small percentage.

Around 95.80% of the population speaks Surigaonon as their primary language. Cebuano and Boholano are also spoken, along with a minority using Waray. Many people can communicate in Tagalog and English as secondary languages. Some individuals speak Kamayo, Manobo, Ilocano, Hiligaynon, Kapampangan, Maranao, Maguindanaon, and Tausug languages.

Religion-wise, Roman Catholicism is predominant, with around 60% adherence. Other religions include Iglesia Filipina Independiente (30%), Protestantism (10%) and Islam.

Shuri (character)

Shuri, also known as the Black Panther and Aja-Adanna, is a fictional character in Marvel Comics. Originally appearing in a supporting capacity as the younger sister of T'Challa, the character went on to adopt the Black Panther identity and star in the series of the same name. Following her heroic sacrifice, Shuri was resurrected and later developed powers from the Djalia.

She was created by Reginald Hudlin and John Romita Jr., and first appeared in "Black Panther (Vol. 4) #2" in March of 2005.

Along with her role in the comics, Shuri has made appearances in related television series and video games, such as in the in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, being portrayed by Letitia Wright.

San Juan de Manapiare

San Juan de Manapiare is a town in the southern Venezuelan state of Amazonas. This town is the shire town of the Manapiare Municipality and, according to the 2001 Venezuelan census, the municipality has a population of 991.

Raghav Chaitanya

Raghav Chaitanya is an Indian playback singer who got Filmfare Award for Best Male Playback Singer at 66th Filmfare Awards for the song "Ek Tukda Dhoop" from "Thappad". He is the youngest artist to win Filmfare Award for Best Male Playback Singer.

McKesson

McKesson is a multinational American healthcare industry company. The company is from Texas, and they are Number 8 on the Fortune 500, with more than $214 billion in annual revenue.

The company is named in a federal lawsuit for making profit from epidemic in the United States.

McKesson's contributions to the U.S. government's COVID-19 vaccine distribution efforts included serving as the centralized distributor for hundreds of millions of doses and assembling and distributing over 1 billion ancillary supply kits across the country.

Rishikesh Shah

Rishikesh Shah (May 16, 1925 – November 13, 2002) was a Nepalese writer, politician and human rights activist.

Madhavi (actress)

Kanaka Vijayalakshmi, known by her stage name Madhavi is an Indian former actress known for her works in Telugu, Hindi, Tamil, Kannada and Malayalam films.


Santosh Vempala

Santosh Vempala (born 18 October 1971) is a prominent computer scientist. He is a Distinguished Professor of Computer Science at the Georgia Institute of Technology. His main work has been in the area of Theoretical Computer Science.


Pederasty

Pederasty is a sexual relationship between a man and a boy. It was common in Ancient Greece.

Nezha Alaoui

Nezha Alaoui is a Moroccan-born entrepreneur and founder of the Mayshad brand. She is also the founder of the Mayshad Foundation, a non-profit organization for youth and women's development.


The Tuxedo

The Tuxedo is a 2002 American science fiction action comedy movie. It was directed by Kevin Donovan. The movie is about a special tuxedo that gives its wearer special abilities. It received negative reviews from critics.

Neelu Vaghela

Neelu Vaghela started her career as a stage artist and was chosen for films. She appeared in "Supattar Binani" in 1981 at the age of 11 and acted in "Bai Chali Sasariya" which was remade in Hindi as "Saajan Ka Ghar". She spent her earlier phase of life in Jaipur.

Girish Bapat

Girish Bapat (3 September 1950 – 29 March 2023) was an Indian politician who served as a member of Parliament in the 17th Lok Sabha.

Ravina Gardens

Ravina Gardens was an ice hockey arena located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It supported amateur hockey from before World War I until 1961, and professional hockey briefly in the 1920s. 

Archana Jois

Archana Jois is an Indian actress who appears in Kannada films. Jois is known for her role as Shanthamma, Rocky's mother in "K.G.F" film series.

Tarun Majumdar

Tarun Majumdar (or Mazumdar, 8 January 1931 – 4 July 2022) was an Indian film director, documentary filmmaker, author, illustrator and screenwriter who is known for his work in Bengali cinema.

Alok Kanojia

Kanojia began studying alternative therapies including yoga, meditation, and Reiki in 2003 with particular attention to the Ayurvedic principle that mental health is inextricably linked to physical health. He got his addiction under control and graduated in 2007 with a biology major.

List of number-one singles of 2023 (Finland)

This is a List of number-one singles in Finland in 2023. The source is the Official Finnish Charts.

In a Little While

"In a Little While" is a 2000 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the sixth track from their 10th studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind" and was produced by Brian Eno. The song itself played on half of the Elevation Tour and dedicated to Joey Ramone following his death

Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport

Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport is an airport serving the Wichita and south Kansas area.

Philautus acutirostris

The Phillippine bubble-nest frog or pointed-snouted tree frog ("Philautus acutirostris") is a frog. It lives in the Phillippines. It lives in rainforests on Mindanao, Jolo, and Basilan islands.

Movate

Movate, formerly known as CSS Corp, was founded in 1996. It is a digital technology services company based out of Plano, Texas, United States of America. The name, Movate comes from a combination of first two words "Momentum" and "Innovate", In 2018 the estimated turnover of this organisation was $158 million

The current CEO Sunil Mittal who also worked as the COO of the company replaced Manish Tandon in the year 2021, Sunil Mittal is also the member of Forbes Business Council and currently lives in Dallas, Texas.

Recently, Movate acquired an Indiana based CX outsourcing company TSD Global and also Directly OnDemand in 2022 a Gig platform based out of San Francisco

Jennifer Dy Chan

Jennifer Dy Chan (born January 16, 1965) is a Filipino archer. Chan competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Jasmin Figueroa

Jasmin Lanaran Figueroa-Dungca (born 20 March 1985) is an archer from the Philippines. Figueroa competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Media Trust

Media Trust is a Nigerian newspaper publishing company. A leading media company in Nigeria, the company publishes the "Daily Trust," the "Weekly Trust, and" the "Aminiya" newspapers, as well as a the pan-African "Kilimanjaro" magazine.

The "Weekly Trust" was started in March 1998 and the "Daily Trust" was started in January 2001. They are the most popular newspapers in Northern Nigeria.


Entrepreneur (magazine)

Entrepreneur is an American magazine that publishes stories about entrepreneurship and business. The magazine started in 1977. It is published by "Entrepreneur Media Inc"., and headquartered in Irvine, California.

In 1996, the magazine launched its website, Entrepreneur.com.

Le vieux fusil

Le vieux fusil (English title: The Old Gun or Vengeance One by One) is a 1975 French-West German war-drama movie directed by Robert Enrico, and starring Philippe Noiret, Romy Schneider and Jean Bouise. It takes place in Nazi German-occupied France during World War II. The movie is based on the Massacre of Oradour-sur-Glane in 1944.

In August 1944, during World War II, Julien Dandieu, a doctor who lives in Montauban in southern France with his wife Clara and his daughter Florence, is worried about the approaching battles of the retreating German army, and the advancing Allied armies and the French Resistance. Julien asks his friend François to drive his wife and daughter to the remote village where he owns a château, to keep them safe from the battles. A week later, Julien leaves Montauban to meet them for the weekend. While he was away, the German army massacres all the inhabitants of the village. When Julien arrives, he finds that all the villagers have been put inside the church and shot dead. In the château, now occupied by the German troops, he finds his daughter shot dead and he witnesses the killing of his wife with a flamethrower. He decides to take revenge on the Nazis.



Teen Vogue

Teen Vogue is an American magazine that is the teenage edition of "Vogue." The magazine includes topics from fashion and beauty to politics and current affairs.

"Teen Vogue" was started in 2003 and led by former "Vogue" beauty director Amy Astley.

Traikutaka dynasty

The Traikutaka dynasty were kings who ruled Traikutaka kingdom from 388 to 456. Their name comes from the words for a three-peaked mountain ("Tri-kuta"). Kalidasa's Raghuvamsa mentions them, placing them in northern Konkan. The Traikutakas' territory extended to Aparanta and northern Maharashtra. They are believed to be a branch of the Abhiras.

Qufu

Qufu is a city in Shandong, East China, located about 130 km south of Jinan. It covers an area of 815 square kilometers and has a population of 653,000, with 188,000 living in urban areas. Qufu is famous as the birthplace of Confucius. It has many historic palaces, temples, and cemeteries. 

The city's famous cultural sites, known as San Kong ('the Three Confucian [sites]'), include the Temple of Confucius, the Cemetery of Confucius, and the Kong Family Mansion. These sites have been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1994.

The name of the city "Qufu" means "crooked hill" in Chinese, and refers to a mile-long hill that was part of the city during its time as capital of the state of Lu.

Qufu is a important place in Confucianism as it is Confucius's birthplace. The city has the most important Temple of Confucius, the Mausoleum of Confucius, and the Mansion of the Kong Family. Additionally, it has a branch of the Holy Church of Confucius and is the headquarters of the Federation of Confucian Culture.


No Time to Explain

No Time to Explain is a 2D platformer developed and published tinyBuild in 2011 it is there first game.

The game is a 2D platformer side-scroller where you have a gun and it can make you jump higher.

Thimphu City FC

Thimphu City FC is a Bhutanese football club from Thimphu which plays in the Bhutan Premier League.


Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One

Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One is a 2023 American action spy movie written and directed by Christopher McQuarrie. He co-wrote the screenplay with Erik Jendresen. The movie is the sequel to "" (2018) and the seventh movie in the "Mission: Impossible" series. It stars Tom Cruise as Ethan Hunt, alongside an ensemble cast including Hayley Atwell, Ving Rhames, Simon Pegg, Rebecca Ferguson, Vanessa Kirby, Esai Morales, Pom Klementieff, Mariela Garriga, and Henry Czerny.

"Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One" premiered on the Spanish Steps in Rome on June 19, 2023. It was released in the United States on July 12 by Paramount Pictures. At the 96th Academy Awards, the movie is nominated for Best Sound and Best Visual Effects. It is the first "Mission: Impossible" movie to be nominated for an Academy Award. The movie was nominated for Best Sound and Best Special Visual Effects at the 77th British Academy Film Awards.

The sequel, , is scheduled to be released on May 23, 2025.


Additionally, Charles Parnell, Rob Delaney, Indira Varma, and Mark Gatiss appear as heads of US Intelligence agencies, representing NRO (National Reconnaissance Office), JSOC (Joint Special Operations Command), DIA, and NSA, respectively. Marcin Dorociński appears as the captain of the "Sevastopol" submarine.

"Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One" premiered at the Spanish Steps in Rome on June 19, 2023. It was released on July 12 in the United States by Paramount Pictures. 

It was originally scheduled to be released on July 23, 2021. It was later moved to November 19, 2021, May 27, 2022, September 30, 2022, and July 14, 2023. This was due to the COVID-19 pandemic and production delays. In April 2023, Paramount announced at Cinemacon that the movie would be released two days earlier on July 12.

As of December 16, 2023, "Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One" has earned $172.1 million in the United States and Canada and $395.4 million in other countries, for a worldwide total of $567.5 million. It was a box office disappointment (not being able to profit when showing in theatres). In September 2023, it was reported that Paramount received a COVID-19 insurance payout of £57 million from Swiss insurer Chubb.

On Rotten Tomatoes, 96% of 426 reviews are positive. The average rating is 8/10. The critic consensus reads: "With world-threatening stakes and epic set pieces to match that massive title, "Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One" proves this is still a franchise you should choose to accept." On Metacritic, the movie has a score of 81 out of 100 based on 66 critic reviews, indicating "universal acclaim". 

Damaru

A Damaru (Sanskrit: डमरु, IAST: ḍamaru; Tibetan ཌ་མ་རུ་ or རྔ་ཆུང) is a small two-headed drum, used in Hinduism and Tibetan Buddhism. In Hinduism, the Damaru is known as the instrument of the deity Shiva.

Philautus cinerascens

The Mon tree frog ("Philautus cinerascens") is a frog. It lives in Myanmar in Mon Province.

Temple of Confucius, Qufu

The Temple of Confucius or the Great Temple of Confucius in Qufu, Shandong Province, is the biggest and most famous Confucian temple in East Asia. It is also the oldest temple dedicated to Confucius and was first built in 478 BC.

Since 1994, this temple alongh with the Kong Family Mansion, and the Cemetery of Confucius, has been declared as World Heritage Sites by UNESCO. In Qufu, these three places are known together as San Kong, meaning "The Three Confucian Sites."

There's also a 72-meter-tall statue of Confucius made of brass and steel in Qufu, this city is the birthplace of this ancient Chinese educator and philosopher.

Two years after Confucius passed away, his house in Qufu was turned into a temple by the Duke of Lu. In 205 BC, Emperor Gao of the Han dynasty was the first to honor Confucius in Qufu, setting an example for other emperors. Over time, 12 emperors visited Qufu to worship Confucius, and many others sent representatives. The original three-room house was replaced in 611 AD, and during the Song dynasty, it expanded into a larger structure with over 400 rooms. Fire and vandalism damaged the temple in 1214, but it was restored by 1302. In 1724, a fire destroyed the main hall, but it was rebuilt by 1730.

In 1966, Many sculptures within the temple were damaged during the Cultural Revolution. The Temple of Confucius in Qufu has undergone 15 major renovations, 31 large repairs, and various smaller changes. Another significant Confucius Temple was constructed in Quzhou by the southern branch of the Confucius family.

Tristan Thompson

Tristan Trevor James Thompson (born March 13, 1991) is a Canadian-Jamaican and American basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers. He won the NBA championship with the Cavaliers in 2016.

Thompson has also played for the national team of Canada, the Boston Celtics, Sacramento Kings, Indiana Pacers, Chicago Bulls and Los Angeles Lakers.

He began dating Khloé Kardashian in 2016. They have two children together. It was revealed that Thompson had cheated on Kardashian during her first pregnancy. They split in 2021.

Pori Moni

Shamsunnahar Smrity (; born 24 October 1992), known by her stage name Pori Moni, is a Bangladeshi film actress.


ISIS Hunters

The ISIS Hunters were a mercenary force affiliated with the Wagner Group that fought on the side of the Syrian Armed Forces during the Syrian civil war. The ISIS Hunters were formed in 2017 to fight in the Palmyra offensive, and were disbanded in 2023 after the Wagner Group rebellion.

Kara, Togo

Kara is a city in northern Togo. It is the capital of Kara Region. It is 413 km north of the capital Lomé. According to the 2010 census, 94,878 people lived there. The Kara River flows through the city. The city
was developed in the 1970s, when the village was first called "Lama-Kara".

The University of Kara is at the southern edge of the city.

The President of Togo Gnassingbé Eyadéma was born in the nearby village of Pya.

Atakpamé

Atakpamé is a city in Togo. It is the capital of Plateaux Region. In 2010, 69,261 people lived there, which makes it the fifth largest city in Togo by population. It is an industrial center.

Atakpamé is twinned with:

Kpalimé

Kpalimé is a city in the Plateaux Region of Togo. It is 120 km north of the capital Lomé. In 2010, 75,084 people lived there. It is the fourth largest city in Togo by population, after Lomé, Sokodé and Kara. Kpalimé is known for the production of coffee and cocoa.

Kpalimé is twinned with:

Ashanti Region

The Ashanti Region is one of the 16 regions of Ghana. In 2010, 4,780,380 people lived there. It has an area of . The capital and largest city is Kumasi. It has 27 districts. The region is known for its gold bar and cocoa production.

Bontoc, Mountain Province

Bontoc is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Mountain Province. According to the 2020 census, 24,104 people lived there.

Bontoc has 16 Barangays (administrative divisions):

Nueva Vizcaya

Nueva Vizcaya is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Cagayan Valley region. The capital is Bayombong.

Northern Samar

Northern Samar is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Eastern Visayas region. It is on the island of Samar. The capital is Catarman.

Kalinga (province)

Kalinga is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Cordillera Administrative Region. The capital is Tabuk.

Tabuk, Kalinga

Tabuk is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Kalinga. According to the 2020 census, 121,033 people lived there.

Itogon

Itogon is a municipality in the province of Benguet, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 61,498 people lived there.

Tuba, Benguet

Tuba is a municipality in the province of Benguet, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 48,312 people lived there.

Castel di Casio

Castel di Casio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Camugnano

Camugnano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Gaggio Montano

Gaggio Montano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Grizzana Morandi

Grizzana Morandi is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Monghidoro

Monghidoro is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Baricella

Baricella is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Coronation of Charles III and Camilla

The coronation of Charles III and his wife, Camilla, as king and queen of the United Kingdom and the other Commonwealth realms was held on Saturday, 6 May 2023, at Westminster Abbey. In the conoration ceremony, the Archibishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby took St. Edward's Crown from the alter and placed it reverently upon the head of Charles III. Charles became the king on 8 September 2022 upon the death of his mother, Elizabeth II.

Charles III became king immediately upon the death of his mother, Elizabeth II, on Thursday 8 September 2022. He was proclaimed king by the Accession Council of the United Kingdom on Saturday 10 September, which was followed by proclamations in other Commonwealth realms. As his Camilla as queen consort.

Protective sign

International law defines a number of signs that can be used during an armed conflict. These signs are known as protective signs. Attacking someone who is clearly showing one of the signs is a war crime. Their meaning usually is "don't shoot", or "don't attack". Depending on the sign used, there is also a more specific meaning.

The form, shape and color of these signs are defined by the rules of international humanitarian law. Usually, they are easy to draw in order to make even an improvised use as easy as possible. They were designed to be easily recognizable as well.

The following signs have a protective meaning under certain conditions:


Sanjna (goddess)

Sanjna (also known as Ushas) is a Hindu goddess and the chief consort of Surya, the Sun god. She is mentioned in the Rigveda, and also appears in later Hindu scriptures.

Farhad Moshiri

Farhad Moshiri is the current owner of the renowned English Football Club Everton F.C.

Bryan Goldberg

Bryan Goldberg (born June 29, 1983) is an American entrepreneur who is the CEO of Bustle Digital Group and the founder of Bleacher Report.

Goldberg grew up in Los Altos, California. He earned his undergraduate degree from Middlebury College, where he studied economics and the Japanese language.

Goldberg founded Bleacher Report in 2007 with David Finocchio, Alexander Freund, and David Nemetz, who were friends from middle school. The site was sold for $200 million to Turner Broadcasting System in 2012.

Kingdom of Israel (united monarchy)

The United Kingdom of Israel (Hebrew: ) was an ancient Israelite kingdom during the Iron Age.

It was a kingdom in which all the tribes of Israel were united under one rule in the Land of Israel, and it existed for about a hundred years, from the anointing of Saul as king until the division of the kingdom after the death of Solomon into two separate kingdoms: Israel and Judah.

According to the Tanakh, the "Kingdom of Israel" in the days of Saul stretched from the Negev to the Golan and included most of the coastal plain (except for the southern part that was in the hands of the Philistines), the cities of Judea and Samaria (with the exception of Jerusalem and Beit Shan which were only conquered during the time of David), and areas past the eastern Jordan that are in the territory of the modern Kingdom of Jordan.

In the days of David and Solomon, the influence of the "Kingdom of Israel" expanded and it included the "Kingdom of Aram Zoba" to the north and the kingdoms of Ammon, Moab and Edom to the east, some under its direct control and some as proteges. The northern border of the kingdom passed through the "city of Passover", located on the west bank of the Euphrates River in the territory of modern Syria.

Trailer Choir

Trailer Choir is an American country music group formed in 2013.


Change Your Life (Little Mix song)

"Change Your Life" is a 2013 song by Little Mix and is the third single from their debut studio album "DNA". It went to number 12 in the United Kingdom and Ireland, number 8 in Scotland and Australia and number 29 in New Zealand. It is likened to the 1997 single "Never Ever" by All Saints.

Mark Javier

Mark Pinili Javier (born October 20, 1981) is an archer from the Philippines. Javier competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Rowel Merto

Rowel Merto (born December 12, 1961) is a Filipino archer. Merto competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Khaybar Khaybar ya yahud

Khaybar Khaybar ya yahud (Arabicː خيبر خيبر يا يهود جيش محمد سوف يعود) is an Islamic chant in the Arabic language that was used in the Battle of Khaybar where Muhammad defeated the Jews of Khaybar in the country of Saudi Arabia. This chant is seen as anti-Semitic by news outlets such as PBS, and the Times of Israel, along with advocacy groups such as the ADL.

Sahih Ibn Khuzaymah

Sahih Ibn Khuzaymah (Arabicː صحيح ابن خزيمة) is a collection of religious texts from the 9th century Islamic scholar Ibn Khuzaymah. 

The book contains 3000 ahadiths according to Maktaba Shamila. However, according to the Islamic scholar Ibn Hajar, the real name of the collection of texts was Kitab Al Sahih which means "The Authentic Book". According to the scholar, the book is claimed to be authentic without any breaks in the preservation of the ahadith.""

Cecelia, Abbess of Romney Abbey

Cecilia of Normandy (or Cecily; c. 1056 – 30 July 1126) was a French abbess, thought to be the eldest daughter of William the Conqueror and Matilda of Flanders.

Bad Love (Eric Clapton song)

"Bad Love" is a 1990 song by Eric Clapton and is the leading single from his 11th studio album "Journeyman". It went to number 88 in the United States, number 25 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Japan and number 83 in the Netherlands and won a Grammy award in 1991.

Constance, Duchess of Brittany

Constance of Normandy (between 1057 and 1061 – 13 August 1090) was a Duchess of Brittany.

She was one of the nine children of William the Conqueror and Matilda of Flanders. She was born in Normandy, where her father was duke. William of Jumièges, the monk who chronicled the 1066 Norman conquest of England, names Constance second among the daughters of King William and Queen Matilda. No source indicates the order of birth of the couple's daughters, however.

Shades of Deep Purple

Shades of Deep Purple is the debut studio album by British rock band Deep Purple. It was released on 17 July, 1968 through Parlophone records and went to number 24 in the United States and number 19 in Canada. It features their debut single "Hush" which went to number 4 in the United States and number 2 in Canada.

All credits adapted from the original releases.


Constance of France, Countess of Toulouse

Constance of France ( – ) was a French princess of the House of Capet, the only daughter of Louis VI of France and his wife Adélaide de Maurienne. Amongst her siblings was Louis VII, who succeeded their father in 1137.
Eustace IV, Count of Boulogne

Eustace IV (c. 1129/1131 17 August 1153) ruled the County of Boulogne from 1146 until his death. He was the eldest son of King Stephen of England and Countess Matilda I of Boulogne. When his father seized the English throne on Henry I's death in 1135, he became heir apparent to the English throne but predeceased his father.

Baniya

Baniya, or Bania, is a clan of the Gurjar community of India and Pakistan.
They speak Gujari in the Himalayan region and a number of other languages in the other locations where they inhabit. They practise Hinduism and Islam. They are Muslims in Kashmir and Pakistan, and Hindus in northern Indian regions.

They inhabit in several provinces of Pakistan, including Punjab, Balochistan, Sindh, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Azad Kashmir, and Gilgit-Baltistan.

They are mostly found in Indian states such as Rajasthan, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, East Punjab, Uttarakhand, Madhya Pradesh, and Jammu and Kashmir.

Bainsla

Bainsla or Baisla is a clan of Gurjar ethnic community. It's variant spellings include "Bainsle, Baisle Besle, Bansla and Bansal". 

They are generally located in northern Indian states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Delhi and Uttar Pradesh. most of their population found in these states.


Awana (clan)

Awana or Awan is one of the largest clans of the Gurjars. They live in Jammu Kashmir, Azad Kashmir, Gilgit-Baltistan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Rajasthan.

Bhadana

Bhadana also known as Padana is a clan of the Indian and Pakistani Gurjars. once they ruled the Bhadanaka kingdom of north India from Early 11th century to 12th century.

Chechi

Chechi, Yuechi,Yuchi Or Yuezi are a subgroup of the Gujjar people of South Asia. They live in different areas of Pakistan, Afghanistan and India.

Rajan

Rajan is the name or the honor given to the ""Kings or Prince"". Rajan stand for the ""Great King"" in Sanskrit are discussed in noncommittal terms of their duties as rulers, who ""protect, serve and patronize the arts"".

According to several mythological epics like the "Mahabharata", "Ramayana", etc., the Rajan name is given as the honor to the Kings like Rama, Dasharatha etc.

Charr

"Charr', or Char is clan originally found among the Gurjars of India and Pakistan.

They are inhabitants of Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Azad Kashmir, Gilgit-Baltistan, Balochistan and Islamabad areas of Pakistan. And also located in Rajasthan, Gujarat, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Dehli and Jammu and Kashmir regions of north India.

Dhakar

Dhakar is a clan of the Laur Gurjar community of Gujarat and Rajasthan. They are primarily an agricultural community in the Punjab region. There are Hindu Dhakar Gujjars in certain northern Indian regions, as well as a small number of Sikhs in Punjab. Muslims Dhakar live in Azad Kashmir and West Punjab. The "Dhakar" Gujjars are a distinct ethnic group from the Dhakar Hindu Caste of Northern India.

They are mostly concentrated in east Punjab, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan 
and Jammu and Kashmir. 
They also live in Pakistani provinces including the 
Sindh, West Punjab, Azad Kashmir, .

Maitrak

Maitrak, also known as Maitraka or Maitrik is a clan originally found among Gurjars of northern India.

Dogar

Dogar is a clan of Gurjars. Dogar Gujjar families mainly found in some areas of Azad Kashmir, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Punjab, Pakistan. Dogar clan is also found among Jats as well. Jat related to this clan mainly found in Delhi and Punjab, India.

Lohsar

Lohsar is a clan of Indian and Pakistani Gurjar ethnic community. It is a agricultural Gujjar clan in Punjab, Kashmir and is also a subclan of Khatana Gujjars.

They are located in Indian states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Gujarat and Dehli. And also located in various Pakistani regions, including the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Azad Kashmir, Gilgit-Baltistan, Balochistan, Islamabad and Punjab (especially in Gujranwala & Gujrat district).

Mundan

Mundan is a agricultural clan originally found among the Gurjars of Indian and Pakistan. They follow mostly Hinduism and Islam as their main religions.

They are found in Azad Kashmir, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh and Pakistani Punjab provinces of Pakistan. They are also numerously found in the Gujarat, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana (in districts of Kaithal, Karnal and Sonipat), Indian Punjab (in District Hoshiarpur) and Dehli Indian regions. 

Kapasia

Kapasia also spelled Kapasiya is a clan of the Gurjars of India and Pakistan.

They can be found in the Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Azad Kashmir and Balochistan regions of Pakistan. Also found in Indian regions of Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir, and Dehli.

Bidhuri

Bidhuri or Vidhuri is a clan originally found among the Hindu Gurjars of northern India. "Vidhudi, Vidhuri, Bhiduri and Bidhudi" is an alternative English clan spelling.



Tanwar

Tomar (also spelled as Tomara, Tanwar, Tunwar, Taur or Toor) is a clan of the Gurjars of Pakistan and India. They found among Hindu and Muslim Gujjars in various regions of Indo-Pak.

They are mainly found in Rajasthan, Gujarat, Haryana, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Himachal and Delhi regions of India. While in Pakistan they found in Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Azad Kashmir and Islamabad.

Rana (clan)

Rana is a clan the Gurjar ethnicity. It is predominantly found among the Gujjars of Jammu and Kashmir, as well as in Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province.

Ratala

Ratala is a clan of the Gurjar community. It is commonly found in Hindu and Musliim Gujjars of Rajasthan, Gujarat Uttar Pradesh, and Jammu and Kashmir.

Ruby Sunday (Doctor Who)

Ruby Sunday is a fictional character created by Russell T Davies and portrayed by Millie Gibson in the long-running British sci-fi television series Doctor Who, She will serve as a companion of the fifteenth incarnation of the alien time traveller known as the Doctor (portrayed by Ncuti Gatwa).
Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma

Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma (1545-1592), emerged as a prominent military leader and statesman during the late Renaissance period. Born into the influential Farnese family, he received a comprehensive education in military tactics, diplomacy, and the arts. Farnese's notable achievements began with his service in the Siege of Malta in 1565, which drew the attention of his uncle, King Philip II of Spain. Subsequently, he was appointed as the Governor of Siena in 1567.

Farnese rose to prominence as the Governor-General of the Spanish Netherlands during the Eighty Years' War, a protracted conflict between the Spanish Empire and the Dutch Republic. His military prowess and strategic acumen were exemplified in his successful campaigns to reconquer lost territories. Employing innovative tactics and siege warfare, Farnese's forces recaptured significant cities like Antwerp and Maastricht. Furthermore, his diplomatic skills in securing alliances with other European powers, including England and France, strengthened his position.

Aside from his military endeavors, Farnese was also a patron of the arts, fostering a flourishing cultural environment in the territories under his control. Talented artists, such as Giuseppe Arcimboldo and Jacques de Gheyn II, were commissioned to create magnificent works, while musicians, writers, and other artists enjoyed his support. In addition, Farnese contributed to the administration of his territories through implementing reforms that improved infrastructure, agriculture, trade, and education. These efforts endeared him to the local populations and solidified his influence.

Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma, passed away in 1592, leaving behind a legacy as one of the most skilled military commanders and influential figures of his era. His strategic brilliance, diplomatic finesse, and contributions to governance and culture significantly impacted European history.
Dongying

Dongying () is a prefecture-level city in northern Shandong province, China. In 2020, 2,193,518 people lived there.

Dongying administers three districts and two counties:

Zibo

Zibo () is a prefecture-level city in central Shandong province, China. In 2020, 4,704,138 people lived there.

Zibo administers five districts and three counties:

Linyi

Linyi () is a prefecture-level city in southern Shandong province, China. In 2020, 11,018,365 people lived there.

Linyi was totally destroyed by the 8.5 magnitude 1668 Shandong earthquake, whose epicenter was to the northeast and very close to the city.

Linyi administers three districts and nine counties:

List of programs broadcast by Universal Kids (block)

This is a list of programs that currently air and formerly aired on Universal Kids and under its former branding as Sprout.


The programming blocks below were all shown under the "Sprout" banner.

Jining

Jining () is a prefecture-level city in southwestern Shandong province, China. In 2020, 8,357,897 people lived there.

Duncan River (New Zealand)

The Duncan River is a river in the West Coast Region of New Zealand. It starts in the Red Hills Range and flows northeast to the Gorge River, which flows west into the Tasman Sea.



Jerry River

The Jerry River is a river in the West Coast Region of New Zealand. It flows northwest into the Gorge River, which flows into the Tasman Sea between Jackson Bay and Big Bay.



Bredsand

Bredsand is a locality in Enköping Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 465 people lived there.

Fjärdhundra

Fjärdhundra is a locality in Enköping Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 951 people lived there.

Hummelsta

Hummelsta is a locality in Enköping Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,002 people lived there.

Kärsta och Bredsdal

Kärsta och Bredsdal is a bimunicipal locality in Västerås Municipality, Västmanland County and Enköping Municipality, Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 261 people lived there.

Lillkyrka

Lillkyrka is a locality in Enköping Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 301 people lived there.

Darshana Banik

Darshana Banik is an Indian actress who primarily works in the Bengali film industry. 

Örsundsbro

Örsundsbro is a locality in Enköping Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,813 people lived there.

Marry Me (Jason Derulo song)

"Marry Me" is a 2013 song by American singer Jason Derulo and is taken from his albums "Tattoos" and "Talk Dirty". It went to number 5 in Belgium, number 8 in Australia, number 14 in New Zealand, number 23 in Japan, number 26 in the United States and number 27 in Austria.


Jason Derulo (album)

Jason Derulo (stylized as Jason Derülo) is the debut studio album by American singer Jason Derulo and was released on February 26, 2010. It went to number 4 in Australia, number 5 in New Zealand, number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Canada, number 10 in Ireland, number 11 in the United States and number 13 in Switzerland.

La Villeneuve-sous-Thury

La Villeneuve-sous-Thury is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Oise department in north France.

Lavilleneuve

Lavilleneuve is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in northeastern France.


Lavilleneuve-au-Roi

Lavilleneuve-au-Roi is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in northeastern France. Between 1972 and 2012, it was part of the commune of Autreville-sur-la-Renne.


Autreville-sur-la-Renne

Autreville-sur-la-Renne is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in northeastern France. Between 1972 and 2012, the commune Lavilleneuve-au-Roi was part of Autreville-sur-la-Renne.


Porciúncula

Porciúncula is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio de Janeiro. In 2022, 17,288 people lived here and its area is 291,847 km².

Natividade, Rio de Janeiro

Natividade is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio de Janeiro. In 2020, 15,311 people lived here and its area is 387 km².

Saint-Germain-lès-Arpajon

Saint-Germain-lès-Arpajon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Germain-lès-Corbeil

Saint-Germain-lès-Corbeil is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Hilaire, Essonne

Saint-Hilaire is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Jean-de-Beauregard

Saint-Jean-de-Beauregard is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Pierre-du-Perray

Saint-Pierre-du-Perray is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saintry-sur-Seine

Saintry-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Sulpice-de-Favières

Saint-Sulpice-de-Favières is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Sulpice-de-Favières is on the river Renarde, south of Paris.


Saint-Vrain, Essonne

Saint-Vrain is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Yon

Saint-Yon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saulx-les-Chartreux

Saulx-les-Chartreux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Sermaise, Essonne

Sermaise is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Jordan Hadži Konstantinov-Džinot

Yordan Hadzhikonstantinov - Dzhinot (, , c. 1818 – 22 August 1882), was a Bulgarian teacher and author, an important figure of the Bulgarian National Revival during the 19th century.

Madness and Civilization

Madness and Civilization is a book by Michel Foucault. Foucault wrote it in 1961 and it’s about how people understand Mental illness.

In the book, Foucault says that people during the Renaissance praised Madness and the wisdom of insane people but that during the Age of Enlightenment, they started to lock up insane people. Foucault said society was trying to punish them. He said the difference between normal and insane was just an idea that society created as an excuse to lock people up and let doctors study them. Foucault said that treating Madness as a disease was actually as bad as trying to punish people for being insane. 

In 1985, José Guilherme Merquior said that Foucault ignored how badly everyone actually treated insane people in the Middle Ages and Renaissance when people actually thought that being insane was worse than being evil. And Merquior said that Foucault made a lot of mistakes in the book. 

But in the 1990s, Jan Goldstein, Roy Porter , and Gary Gutting said a lot of good things about the book. A man named Kenneth Lewes compared it to The Myth of Mental Illness by Thomas Szasz. 

2016–17 Red Bull Salzburg season

he 2016–17 FC Red Bull Salzburg season was the 84th season in club history. They were defending both titels from last season (Champion and Cup). It was the 4th championship in a row. The U19 team of Salzburg won the UEFA Youth League.

Adam in Islam

Adam is believed to have been the first human being on earth and the first prophet of Islam. He is said to have been 960 years of age when he died.
Caddo Lake (movie)

Caddo Lake is a 2025 American horror film starring Lauren Ambrose. It will come out in April 4, 2025.


Philautus dubius

The Darjeeling bubble-nest frog, Boulenger's tree frog, Günther's micro tree frog, or Darjeeling shrub frog ("Philautus dubius") is a frog. It lives in India.

KGET-TV

KGET-TV (channel 17) is a television station in Bakersfield, California, United States.

Founded by businessman Ed Urner, KGET-TV first broadcast on November 8, 1959 as an affiliate of ABC.


Khaleej Times

Khaleej Times is a newspaper published in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.Launched on 16 April 1978, it is the UAE's oldest English daily newspaper.
The UAE government began publishing the daily on 16 April 1978.

Butaro Hospital

The Butaro Hospital is a hospital in Burera District, in the Northern Province of Rwanda. The hospital serves as the district hospital for Burera District and surrounding communities. There are 256 beds. There is an emergency room, intensive care units, pediatric ward, surgical theaters and an IT room. It opened in 2011.

It has the Butaro Cancer Center of Excellence, the first cancer ward in rural East Africa and a outpatient centre for chemotherapy.

Richard Hunt (sculptor)

Richard Hunt (September 12, 1935 – December 16, 2023) was an American sculptor. He was born in Chicago. His sculptures were metal abstract constructions. He studied at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in the 1950s. In 1971, he was the first African-American sculptor to have a retrospective at Museum of Modern Art in New York. Hunt created more than 160 public sculptures in 24 states.

The Psychopathy Checklist

The Psychopathy Checklist is a test Robert D. Hare created in the 1970s to figure out if a person were a psychopath. Hare based it on The Mask of Sanity by Hervey M. Cleckley. 

List of memoirs by first ladies of the United States

Thirteen first ladies of the United States have written a total of 22 memoirs. Every memoir by a first lady published in the 20th and 21st centuries has been a bestseller, at times outselling those of their presidential husbands.

RTL Group

RTL Group is a media company from Luxembourg. It is mainly known because it operates a number of private radio and TV stations in many European countries.

Herleva

Herleva (died c. 1050) was an 11th-century Norman woman. She is known for being the mother of William the Conqueror also of William's half-brothers Odo of Bayeux and Robert, Count of Mortain, born to Herleva's marriage to Herluin de Conteville.

Wakanda

Wakanda, officially known as the Kingdom of Wakanda, is a fictional small nation in North East Africa. It appears in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. For centuries they have remained in isolation and are now considered the most technologically advanced nation of the planet. Birnin Zana is the capital and largest city. It is located in sub-Saharan Africa and is home to the superhero Black Panther.

Wakanda has appeared in comics and various media adaptations, such as in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) franchise.

Gordo (dinosaur)

Gordo is the nickname given to a dinosaur skeleton exhibited at Toronto's Royal Ontario Museum. It is the largest dinosaur skeleton on display in Canada. There is another of its species, of the same size, in the American Museum of Natural History in New York City.

The official name of the skeleton is ROM 3670. It is one of the most complete specimens of the genus "Barosaurus" in North America. It is more than long. It is exhibited in the James and Louise Temerty Galleries of the Age of Dinosaurs, and can also be seen from the outside in the museum's second-floor windows.

In 1912, a Carnegie excavation team unearthed three nearly complete "Barosaurus" skeletons in a quarry in Utah. The quarry has become part of the Dinosaur National Monument Fossil Quarry, where a number of complete dinosaur specimens have been unearthed since its discovery in 1909. More than 70 tons of material were collected from the site for the Carnegie Museum in Pennsylvania. Around 1962, one of the skeletons from the Pennsylvania collection was transferred to the Royal Ontario Museum (ROM) in Toronto, Canada for their new dinosaur gallery. But once it arrived, it was put into storage, as the museum had run out of floor space in the gallery.

The fossil material was left untouched for several years. In 2007, curator David Evans was looking for a sauropod specimen to add to the ROM's collection. (Barosaurus is a sauropod ) After reading an article detailing a specimen housed within the museum's collections, Evans found the specimen of "Barosaurus" that is now a centerpiece of ROM's dinosaur exhibit.
Gordo is named for Gordon Edmunds, the curator who arranged for the skeleton to be brought to the ROM, and who had hoped to display it fully but was unable to.

Dancing in the Dark (Bruce Springsteen song)

"Dancing in the Dark" is a 1984 song by Bruce Springsteen. It is the leading single from his seventh studio album "Born in the U.S.A." and went to number 2 in the United States, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Ireland and Sweden, number 4 in the United Kingdom and South Africa, number 3 in Canada, number 1 in Belgium, number 7 in Norway and number 5 in Australia. It won a Grammy Award in 1985 and features Courteney Cox in the music video.


(*Car-shaped picture disc released in the UK, featuring a pink Cadillac on the front side)




Ramonda

Ramonda is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. She is the Queen Mother of Wakanda, mother to Shuri and step-mother to T'Challa. The character, created by Don McGregor and Gene Colan, first appeared in "Marvel Comics Presents" #14 (March 1989).

Ramonda appears in media set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, portrayed by Angela Bassett. This version is the mother of T'Challa and Shuri. She appears in the live-action movies "Black Panther", "" and "", while alternate universe versions appear in the Disney+ animated series "What If...?"

Francisco Naranjilla

Francisco Naranjilla (5 June 1932 – May 2003) was a Filipino archer. Naranjilla competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Carlos Santos

Carlos Santos (born 1 January 1940) is a Filipino archer. Santos competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Valkyrie (Marvel Comics)

Valkyrie (also known as Brunnhilde) is a fictional superheroine from the Marvel Comics universe. She is an Asgardian, and mainly a member of the Avengers and the Defenders. She was created by Steve Englehart and Sal Buscema.

Since her debut in the comics, she has appeared in numerous media, such as in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, where she is portrayed by Tessa Thompson.

She was created by Roy Thomas, Sal Buscema, and Steve Englehart, and first appeared in "Defenders #4" in February of 1973.

Peggy Carter

Doctor Margaret Alexandra "Peggy" Carter, also known as Agent 13 and The Dryad, is a fictional character and superheroine in Marvel Comics. She has appeared as a major character in the "Captain America" comics, acting as his ally, love-interest and partner on occasions during World War II. Though she initially passed away due to her advanced age, she would be revived by the Cosmic Cube Kobik, and became the leader of the Daughters of Liberty.

She was created by the late Stan Lee, the late Jack Kirby and the late John Romita Sr., and first appeared in "Tales of Suspense #75" in March of 1966.

In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, she is portrayed and voiced by Hayley Atwell. 

Sharon Carter

Sharon Carter (also known as Agent 13 and Destroyer) is a fictional character and superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.

She is the niece of Peggy Carter, who was a famous agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. during the Second World War and the Cold War. She is usually depicted as a secret agent and an ex-field agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. under Nick Fury, and the girlfriend of Captain America. She is also a member of the Femme Force, Secret Avengers, and Daughters of Liberty.

Since her debut in the comics, she has appeared in numerous media. In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, she is portrayed by Emily VanCamp, who also played Amanda Porter in "Revenge".

She was created by the late Stan Lee, the late Jack Kirby, and the late Dick Ayers, and first appeared in "Tales of Suspense #75" in March of 1966.

Nebula (character)

Nebula is a fictional character, an alien villain and later anti-heroine appearing in the Marvel Comics universe. A pirate and mercenary operating in outer space, the character has frequently appeared as a major opponent of the Avengers, ally/rival of the Avengers, Nova, the Silver Surfer, and the Guardians of the Galaxy. She along with J’son are the secondary antagonists of the Guardians.

Nebula has appeared in several other media adaptations of the Marvel comics, including animated television series and video games. In the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) franchise, the character is played by actress Karen Gillan.

She was created by Roger Stern and the late John Buscema.

Agata Bulwa

Agata Bulwa (born 4 September 1975) is a Polish archer. Bulwa competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Rafał Dobrowolski

Rafał Dobrowolski (born 27 December 1983) is an archer from Poland. Dobrowolski competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Misty Knight

Mercedes Knight, also known as Misty Knight, is a fictional character and superheroine from Marvel Comics and its universe, appearing as a major characters in numerous comics, such as "Luke Cage", "Iron Fist", and "The Defenders" comics.

She was originally a NYPD lieutenant who lost her arm on duty, but was given a bionic arm by Tony Stark and decided to leave the department after she was given a desk job. Becoming a private investigator, Misty worked with her close Colleen Wing stopping threats in New York, and helping superheroes. She is the partner of Luke Cage and Iron Fist, and a member of the Daughters of the Dragon, Heroes for Hire, Aberrant Crimes Division, Valkyrior's Defenders, and Daughters of Liberty.

She was created by Arvell Jones, Tony Isabella, Roy Thomas and Ross Andru, and first appeared in "Marvel Premiere #21" in March of 1975.

Simone Missick portrayed the character in the Netflix television series "Luke Cage" (2016–2018), "The Defenders" (2017), and the second season of "Iron Fist" (2018), set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).

Monica Rambeau

Monica Rambeau (also known as Spectrum) is a fictional character and superheroine from the Marvel Comics and its universe. She became known as second Captain Marvel after being dubbed so by the media, but would later go on by different aliases, such as Photon and Pulsar, as she gave up the title of "Captain Marvel" and "Photon" to Genis-Vell.

The daughter of Frank and Maria Rambeau, the Louisianan became a superhero after being exposed with extra-dimensional energy from a energy disruptor. After learning how to control her powers, Monica became a superhero and dedicated her life to stopping threats on Earth. She has been a member of the Avengers, the Mighty Avengers, Nextwave, the Ultimates, and Strikeforce.

She was created by Roger Stern, the late John Romita Sr. and John Romita Jr., and first appeared in "The Amazing Spider-Man Annual #15" in August-October of 1982.

Monica Rambeau appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "Captain Marvel" (2019) and "The Marvels" (2023) as well as the television miniseries "WandaVision" (2021), portrayed by Akira Akbar as a child and Teyonah Parris as an adult.

2004 United States Senate election in South Dakota

The 2004 United States Senate election in South Dakota happened on November 2, 2004. The Republican candidate, John Thune, barely defeated the Democratic candidate, Tom Daschle, by less than 5,000 votes.

Tom Daschle was the leader of the Democratic Party in the Senate. This was the only time since 1952 that a party leader in the Senate lost an election in United States history. Daschle was the only Senator to lose re-election in 2004.

This election happened at the same time as the 2004 United States presidential election.


John Thune, President George W. Bush, and Vice President Dick Cheney said Daschle was the "chief obstructionist" of President Bush's goals and claimed he used filibusters to delay these goals. John Thune, the Republican candidate, showed his strong support for the war in Iraq. John Thune accused Tom Daschle of "emboldening the enemy." Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist visited South Dakota to help John Thune, breaking a tradition that a leader of one party would not campaign for the defeat of the other party leader. Early in the race, Tom Daschle looked like he was going to win. However, by November 2004, many polls showed that Tom Daschle and John Thune were both equally likely to win the election.

Hōjōki

, translated as "An Account of My Hut" or "The Ten Foot Square Hut", is an important and popular short book of the early Kamakura period (1185–1333) in Japan. It was written in March 1212 by Kamo no Chōmei.

The book outlines the Buddhist concept of impermanence ("mujō"). It does so through the description of various disasters such as earthquake, famine, whirlwind and fire that happened to the people of the capital city Kyoto.

The author Chōmeihad been a court poet and a player of the biwa and koto in his youth.. In his fifties, he became a Buddhist monk and moved farther and farther into the mountains. He ended up living in a 10-foot square hut located at Mt. Hino.

The book has been classified both as part of the zuihitsu genre and as Buddhist literature. The book is considered as a Japanese literary classic. It is part of the Japanese school curriculum.


Ivy Dominique

Ivy Dominique (born May 30, 1979) is a Ukrainian-Russian actress,model, producer, and former pageant queen. She is also a nurse and advocate. She has been featured on the covers of Harper’s Bazaar Vietnam and Glamour Magazine.

Dominique has Ph.D. in Psychology and is a licensed nurse with certifications in cognitive behavior therapy, grief, and trauma. Dominique is pursuing a medical degree and is involved in several philanthropic and advocacy pursuits.

Modeling

Dominique started her modeling career in New York as a side passion, later expanding her profile into Los Angeles and other international markets. She walked the runways at several high-profile fashion events, including Milan, Paris, and New York Fashion Weeks.

Advocate

Dominique is also an advocate and addresses various social issues such as PTSD, domestic violence, consent, sexual assault, human trafficking, invisible illnesses, mental health, and veterans. She is a courageous survivor of domestic violence and sexual abuse. Dominique has also spoken at multiple international conferences and the United Nations, raising awareness and advocating for change on many important issues. She shares her experiences so that people do not feel alone and realize that it can happen to anyone and that a great life is possible after survival.

In 2022, Dominique collaborated with The Consent Awareness Network to advocate for legislative change and a definitive legal definition of consent. She has a firm commitment to justice, which ensures that offenders can no longer exploit legal loopholes and enable survivors to receive the justice they deserve.

•    Glamour Magazine Woman of the Year Award, 2022

•    Ms. Tourism USA 2018

•    President's Lifetime Achievement Award

Shen Yun

Shen Yun Performing Arts (Chinese: 神韻藝術團; 'divine rhythm arts troupe') is a non-profit performing arts and entertainment company based in Deerpark, New York. It tours internationally. The performances include dance and symphonic music. It is part of the Falun Gong new religious movement. There are eight large performing arts companies, with a total of about 480 performers. Shen Yun has performed in front of millions and has toured more than 200 cities across the world, except for China.

The Chinese government says the shows are "propaganda" intended to "smear China's image." Their 2023-4 tour is called "China before Communism". It is supported by The Epoch Times. 

Gnassag

Gnassag is a fictional character from the video game "Bloodline: Heroes of Lithas" created by "GOAT Games". He is an incubus demon, a member of Clan The Luxuriant and companion of the player character. 

The Epoch Times

The Epoch Times is a far-right international multi-language newspaper and non-profit media company. It is part of the Falun Gong new religious movement. The newspaper, based in New York City, is part of the Epoch Media Group, which also runs New Tang Dynasty (NTD) Television. "The Epoch Times" has websites in 35 countries but is blocked in mainland China. It was started in Georgia in 2000. It attacks the Chinese Communist Party’s “massive crimes” and “attempts to eradicate all traditional morality and religious belief.” There is no content about drugs, gay people or popular music. It supports Donald Trump.

Pedro Nuno Santos

Pedro Nuno de Oliveira Santos (born 13 April 1977) is a Portuguese economist and politician, who is the Secretary-General of the Socialist Party since 2024. Before, he was Secretary of State for Parliamentary Affairs, from November 2015 to February 2019, and afterwards as Minister of Infrastructure and Housing, from February 2019 to January 2023.

In December 2023, Santos was elected to replace António Costa as Secretary-General of the Socialist Party.

Mohammed Shahabuddin

Mohammed Shahabuddin (born 10 December 1949) is a Bangladeshi lawyer and politician who is the 16th and current President of Bangladesh since 2023. He is a member of the Awami League. Before being elected president, he was a judge and commissioner of the Anti-Corruption Commission from 2011 to 2016.

Trương Mỹ Lan

Truong My Lan, also known as Trương Muội, is a Vietnamese businesswoman. She is the founder and chairwoman of the board of directors of Van Thinh Phat Group. Truong My Lan's family is one of the richest families in Vietnam. Her husband is Eric Chu Nap Kee, a businessman in the real estate sector in Hong Kong.

Van Thinh Phat borrowed up to more than 304 000 billion VND from SCB Bank and then appropriated a particularly large amount of money.

Network layer

A network is a set of nodes connected by communication links. A node can be a computer, printer, or any other device capable of sending or receiving data from or to the other node in the network.
1824 Vagrancy Act

The Vagrancy Act 1824 (5 Geo. 4. c. 83) is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom that makes it a crime to sleep rough or beg in England and Wales. The law was passed to combat the increasing number of people forced to live on the streets at the end of the Napoleonic Wars and the social effects of the Industrial Revolution. Critics of the law include William Wilberforce, who condemned the Act for making vagrancy a crime with no consideration of the circumstances as to why an individual might be homeless.

Parts of the Act have not been repealed by UK Parliament. Most of its legal provisions remain convictable offences and are enforceable in England. In 2020, 573 people were prosecuted under the act.

It was repealed in Scotland in 1982.

In 2023 Rishi Sunak's government were considering a new law. This would make anyone who is sleeping rough, or “appearing” as though they are or intending to do so in future and who could cause or are “likely to cause” a “nuisance” a criminal. Punishment could be a month’s imprisonment and/or fines of up to £2,500. 

Electronic tuner

When the musician plays a single note, the tuner senses the pitch. The tuner then displays the pitch in relation to the desired pitch, and indicates whether the input pitch is lower, higher, or equal to the desired pitch. The humble guitar tuner is one of the most essential pieces of gear that any guitarist can own. Though its function may be simple, the importance is incredibly high; and ensuring your guitar is in tune is paramount. Decades ago you would've had to use tuning forks, pitch pipes or have perfect pitch.

Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge

Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge is a nature area in New York City looked after by the National Park Service. It includes the open water and marshes of Jamaica Bay in Brooklyn and Queens. The refuge has islands in Jamaica Bay, near John F. Kennedy International Airport. The airport was built over part of the wetlands in the bay, causing environmental changes with airplane noise. However, the refuge has many different habitats like salt marshes, dunes, ponds, woodlands, and fields. 

Jamaica Bay Wildlife refuge is special as the only "wildlife refuge" in the National Park System. It was first started by New York City and later handed over to Gateway National Recreation Area. The refuge has paths around the East and West Pond, although the latter was affected by Hurricane Sandy in 2012.

In 1938, Robert Moses, the commissioner of the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation (NYC Parks), started plans for a wildlife refuge around Jamaica Bay. His goal was to prevent industrial development in the area. By 1941, Moses thought about converting Jamaica Bay into an 18,000-acre recreation center, seeking control from NYC Parks in 1945 to create a haven for wildlife and water activities. After about twelve years of planning, Moses started construction in 1950. About 84,000 workers helped develop the park.

Moses is credited with introducing the idea of freshwater ponds alongside the saltwater marshes, attracting diverse wildlife. The first phase of the project was completed in 1953, and Herbert Johnson became the refuge's first superintendent. The site quickly became a sanctuary for birds, with 208 species identified in the first five years. Notable species, like black skimmers and snowy egrets, returned to the area after several decades. During the early years, diverse wildlife, including black bears, coyotes, elk, and wolves, could be found in the park. Birdwatchers began visiting in the late 1950s.

In 1972, control of the site transferred to the National Park Service, which now manages the refuge as part of the Gateway National Recreation Area.

The refuge is a home to many plants and animals, both in the water and on land. It's a great place for bird watching in New York City, with various resident and migratory birds. Ospreys, once endangered by the pesticide DDT, have been nesting regularly in the refuge since 1991. Scientists capture, tag, and study them to learn more about their behaviors. Small mammals like eastern gray squirrels and raccoons also inhabit the area. However, the growing raccoon population has been causing issues by eating diamondback terrapin eggs shortly after they are laid.

Ext4

ext4 (fourth extended filesystem) is a journaling file system for Linux. ext4 is the default filesystem for many distributions, such as Debian and Ubuntu. It is made to use as much of the space available as possible. The file system is also used on FreeBSD and other UNIX based operating systems.

Queen (disambiguation)

A queen is a woman who rules a monarchy, or the wife of a king.

Queen may also refer to:






Tarsdorf

Tarsdorf is a municipality in the district of Braunau am Inn in the Austrian state Upper Austria.

The villages in the municipality are (with population in brackets as at 1 Jan 2020):
Finds in the Weilhart Forest indicate that the Tarsdorf area had already been settled by the Neolithic. Burial mounds from the Hallstatt period have been discovered. The area was settled by Celts around 500 BC. 

In the Roman era, the road from Salzburg to Burghausen led through Tarsdorf. It ran through Hofweiden, Tarsdorf and Hörndl. The remains of a rustic villa, a millstone, shards of bowls, bricks from an underfloor heating system, pieces of plaster and a silver coin, all dating back to the first four centuries AD, have been discovered between Hofweiden and Tarsdorf.

In the sixth centuries the immigrating Bajuwars, ancestors of today's Bavarians, cleared large parts of the Weilhart-forest.


Bangkok Post

"The" Bangkok Post is an English-language Thai newspaper. It is published in Bangkok. It was first published in 1946. It is Thailand's oldest newspaper that is still published.

The daily circulation of the "Bangkok Post" is 110,000,; 80 percent of this is distributed in Bangkok and the rest nationwide.

From July 2016 until mid-May 2018, the editor of the "Bangkok Post" was Umesh Pandey. On 14 May 2018, Pandey was "forced to step down" as editor after refusing to soften coverage critical of the ruling military junta.

Life imprisonment in Belgium

Life imprisonment is legal in Belgium, and is the most massive punishment available under Belgian law since the abolition of the death penalty.

Children under age 14 are never prosecuted in Belgium. For children aged 14 to 17, the juvenile tribunal has jurisdiction. The most massive punishment available to a juvenile tribunal for a defendant aged 14 or 15 is imprisonment until the age of 20.

When the accused is 16 or 17 and suspected of severe offenses, a juvenile court may transfer the case to the correctional tribunal (or, in the most serious of cases, to the court of assizes). The most massive punishment that a court of assizes may pass against a defendant aged 16 or 17 is 30 years' imprisonment (with eligibility to apply for parole after 15 years)

Radioluminescence

Radioluminescence is a way that some radioactive materials produce light. It is seen around some very strong sources of radiation. Radioluminescent paint is used for clock hands and signs to make them easier to see in the dark. 

Radioluminescence happens when an atom or molecule gets energy from ionizing radiation. The energy is released as a photon of light. A chemical that releases one type of light when it gets energy from ionizing radiation is called a phosphor. Radioluminescent materials are made by mixing something radioactive with a phosphor.

Radioluminescence is mostly used to make things visible in the dark. Most radioluminescent paint has radium, promethium, or tritium.

Radium was the first element used in radioluminescent paint. It was first used in 1908. The green light was made by mixing radium with zinc sulfide and copper. Other metals such as manganese and silver were used to make different colors of paint. Radium stopped being used in paint in the 1960s.

The isotope promethium-147 replaced radium in radioluminescent paint after the 1960s. It is less dangerous than radium. However, promethium-147 has a half-life of 2.62 years, so it does not last as long as radium or tritium.

Most radioluminescent materials now use tritium, which is a radioactive isotope of hydrogen. It is also less dangerous than radium, but it is a gas, so it cannot be mixed in paint. Tritium is put inside of glass tubes that have phosphor on the inside.

Odd Nerdrum

Odd Nerdrum (born 8 April 1944) is a Norwegian painter, born in Sweden. 

Nerdrum is critical of several modern art styles, and is mostly influences by the old masters Rembrandt and Caravaggio. Nerdrum works often show people that appear from another time or place. He defines his own style as kytsch rather than art. His work is seen in museums worldwide.

Marybeth Tinning

Marybeth Tinning (née Roe; born ) was a American former nursing assistant, convicted murderer, and suspected serial killer who was convicted of smothering and killing her 4-month-old child (a daughter named Tami Lynne) on 20 December 1985. As a result, she was incarcerated in a incarceration facility more than 1 ½ year later on 17 July 1987 and was charged with second-degree murder. She was released from the incarceration facility 31 years later on 21 August 2018. Her eight other children died under suspicious circumstances in the years leading up to Tami Lynne's birth and death. It was at first believed that Tinning's children were dying to due to a genetic problem (or problems) in the family, but even when Tinning's adoptive child Michael died on 2 March 1981 at the age of 2, from similar causes as the other biological children did, authorities failed to open a investigation. Tinning is now suspected to be a possible serial killer.
Marybsth Tining met Joseph "Joe" Tinning in 1963 on a blind date, and they married 2 years later in 1965. 

After their marriage, they went on to have 9 children (8 biological and 1 adoptive) which includes:

1. Barbara Tinning (31 May 19672 March 1972)

2. Joseph Tinning, Jr. (10 January 197020 January 1972)

3. Jennifer Tinning (26 December 19713 January 1972) 

4. Timothy Tinning (21 November10 December 1973)

5. Nathan Tinning (30 March2 September 1975)

6. Michael Tinning (adoptive; August 19782 March 1981) 

7. Mary Frances (30 October 197822 February 1979) 

8. Jonathan (4 November 197922 March 1980) 

9. Tami Lynne (22 August20 December 1985)
Hesat

Hesat is an ancient Egyptian goddess in the form of a cow. She was said to provide humanity with milk and in particular to suckle the pharaoh and several ancient Egyptian bull gods. In the Pyramid Tex

Magyar Televízió

MTV is a Hungary free-to-air television network owned by MTV. It is owned by the MTVA. 

It started broadcasting by satellite in 1957 and, since 1973, on television. In 1979, MTV became the largest channel and remained so for a number of years. 

From 2004 to 2019, the Magyar Televízió was a fully active member of the European Broadcasting Union.
Shivakant Shukla

Shivakant Shukla (born 26 January 1986) is an Indian first-class cricketer who played for Railways.

Girdhari Lal Dogra

Girdhari Lal (17 July 1915 – 27 November 1987) was an Indian politician from Jammu and Kashmir, belonging to the National Conference and later the Indian National Congress. 

Garland

A garland is a decorative braid, knot or wreath of flowers, leaves, or other material. Garlands can be worn on the head or around the neck, hung on an inanimate object, or laid in a place of cultural or religious importance.

Vanscoy, Saskatchewan

Vanscoy incorporated as a village on June 17, 1919.

In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Vanscoy had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.

Jiordan Tolli

Jiordan Anna Tolli (born 17 June 1994) is an Australian actress and singer, known for playing the role of Lolly Allen in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours". In 2013, Tolli competed in the fifth season of "The X Factor Australia" and reached the top five.

Newspaper of record

A newspaper of record is a national newspaper that is trustworthy. The newspapers are usually very popular.

Sometimes, it refers to a newspaper that a government uses to publish notices to the public.

Many newspapers of record are very old, like "Neue Zürcher Zeitung", "The Times", "The Guardian", "Le Figaro", and "The Sydney Morning Herald"). Other newspapers are very reputable in their quality and accuracy, like "The Wall Street Journal" and "The Telegraph or" "The Washington Post".

Al-Ashtar Brigades

The Al-Ashtar Brigades are a Shiite jihadist group operated in the country of Bahrain, and the ideology of the group is based off of Khomeinism and pledges itself to Iran. 

Super Trouper (song)

"Super Trooper" is a 1980 song by ABBA and is the title track to their seventh studio album "Super Trooper". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Germany, Norway, Spain, the Netherlands, Belgium and Ireland, number 3 in Switzerland, Mexico and Austria and made number 45 in the United States. It went to be covered by A-Teens and Cher.

Philautus schmackeri

The Schmacker bubble-nest frog ("Philautus schmackeri") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines. People have seen it between 100 and 1650 meters above sea level on Mindoro Island.

Stay Another Day

"Stay Another Day" is a 1994 song by British boy band East 17 and is the third single from their second studio album "Steam". It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, Denmark, Scotland, Zimbabwe, Sweden, Denmark, Ireland, North Macedonia, Israel and Lithuania and made the top 10 in other countries except in Japan, Italy, Iceland and Finland. It was covered by Girls Aloud and Kylie Minogue.



LA Weekly

LA Weekly is a free alternative weekly newspaper in Los Angeles, California.

The paper was founded in 1978 by Jay Levin.

By 1990, "LA Weekly" had a circulation of 165,000. 

In 1994, "LA Weekly" was sold to Stern Publishing, owner of "The Village Voice".

In 2004, New Times Media bought Stern Publishing, and changed the company's name to Village Voice Media in October 2005.


Jacek Gilewski

Jacek Gilewski (born 25 January 1969) is a Polish archer. Gilewski competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Joanna Helbin

Joanna Helbin (born 2 July 1960) is a Polish archer. Helbin competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Beata Iwanek

Beata Iwanek (born 19 February 1964) is a Polish archer. Iwanek competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Katarzyna Klata

Katarzyna Klata (born 18 October 1972) is a Polish archer. Klata competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Edyta Korotkin

Edyta Korotkin (born 18 April 1972) is a Polish archer. Korotkin competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Sif (character)

Lady Sif is a fictional character and superheroine appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics, and is a supporting character in "Thor" comics. She is the Vanir Norse goddess of War and Hunt, sister to Heimdall, and friend and love-interest to Thor.

She was created by the late Stan Lee, and the late Jack Kirby, and first appeared in "Journey into Mystery #102" in March of 1964.

In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, she is a supporting character in "Thor" (2011), and it's sequel, "" (2013), and a supporting character in "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." She appeared in one episode of the Disney+ "Loki" tv series, and returned in "" (2022), portrayed by Jaimie Alexander.

Rowan Winch

Rowan Winch is an American entrepreneur and social media personality. He co-founded the media company Fallen Media with Sol Betesh. He is known for running popular Instagram accounts.

Jack Bannon (English actor)

Jack Bannon (born 24 March 1991) is an English actor. He is known for his role as Christopher Morcom in "The Imitation Game", as Sam Thursday on the ITV drama series "Endeavour" (2013-2018, 2023) and as Alfred Pennyworth on the Epix crime drama series "Pennyworth" (2019–2022).

Wenchang Wang

Wenchang Wang (文昌王), also known as Wenchang Dijun, is a Taoist deity in Chinese mythology, celebrated as the God of Culture and Literature. People often refer to him as Wen Qu or Wen. His name translates to the King of Flourishing Culture and Language. Wenchang Wang is represented by a constellation of six stars near the Big Dipper, these stars have individual names like Shangjiang, Cijiang, Guixiang, Siming, Sizhong, and Silu.

Depicted as an elderly scholar with two attendants, Tianlong and Diya, Wenchang Wang is known to hold a pen and a book with the inscription "Heaven determines literary achievement." Taoist Scholars and writers historically invoke his assistance for inspiration or guidance, especially before exams.

Wenchang Wang was given titles like the Supporter of the Mongol Dynasty. He has been officially revered since 1314 A.D started by Yen Yu of Yuan dynasty. He is known for promoting positive influences and is a deity invoked by scholars and students for academic aid. Many temples honor him, with the Wenchang temple at Zitong being notable. Qiqu Mountain, its location, is famous for the largest cypress forest in China, and it's regarded as the origin of Wenchang culture. In Sichuan, it's said, "In the North, there is Confucius, and in the South, there is Wenchang".

Taichung has two significant temples dedicated to Wenchang Di Jun. One in Beitun, constructed in 1863, aimed to support learning. The other in Nantun, built in 1825, follows feng shui principles by facing south.

The tradition of worshiping Wenchang Wang dates back, being popular due to its accessibility to people from all walks of life. Even today, people worship him for similar reasons. His birthday, celebrated on the third day of the second month of the Chinese lunar calendar, involves visits to his temples, where officials and scholars offer sacrifices and recite poems.

Tanner Buchanan

Tanner Emmanuel Buchanan (born December 8, 1998) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Leo Kirkman in the ABC political drama "Designated Survivor" and Robby Keene in the Netflix series "Cobra Kai". He is also known for his role Cameron Kweller in the romantic comedy film "He's All That".

Buchanan was born on December 8, 1998 in Lima, Ohio. His parents are Steve and Marlona Buchanan. He was raised in a Christian household and he attended Glandorf Elementary School in Ohio. He moved to Los Angeles with his family in 2007 to pursue his acting career.

In 2010, Buchanan made his first appearance on television, playing a child role in the "Modern Family" series. Three years later he appeared in "Grey's Anatomy", "Major Crimes", and "The Goldbergs". Buchanan had recurring roles on "Girl Meets World", "Game Shakers", and "The Fosters". In 2016, Buchanan played his first main role on television, playing Leo Kirkman in the political drama series "Designated Survivor". In 2018, Buchanan began playing Johnny Lawrence's estranged son Robby Keene in the YouTube Premium (and later Netflix) series "Cobra Kai". Buchanan also starred in the remake of "She's All That" called "He's All That".


Governor of Chaco Province

The Governor of Chaco () is the figure that holds the executive power of the Chaco Province, Argentina, and the highest political office of the province.

New Day (Take That song)

"New Day" is a song recorded by English band Take That for their eighth studio album, "Wonderland" (2017). It was written by Gary Barlow, Howard Donald, Mark Owen, Jamie Norton, and Ben Mark, while the production was done by Mark Ralph. It was released as the second single from "Wonderland" on 5 May 2017 through Polydor Records.

The second single from the album, titled "New Day", was released on 5 May 2017. It was written by Gary Barlow, Howard Donald, Mark Owen, Simon Strömstedt. 

The band also took part in a Q&A session with the audience members. On 27 April, it was announced on Twitter that "New Day" would be released as the next single from the album Wonderland.

The song's music video was directed by Gregg Masuak. The band must get to safety from zombies, killer clowns, a bloodtish dentist and other creepy creatures in her video for "New Day" from her album "Wonderland". Will they come out of this situation in the end?


Lezgiwal

Lezgival ( Lezgian : Лезгивал/Lezgiwal) is the Lezgin ethic code. It is a combination of Islam and Lezgin adats. The basis of Lezgiwal rules includes the importance of respect for elders and women, not bowing down to those who are stronger than themselves, compassion for the weak, honesty, honor and courage. A Lezgin's behavior towards the environment is always subject to this law, wherever he is.

Nestor Makhno

Nestor Ivanovych Makhno (1888–1934) was a Ukrainian anarchist revolutionary. He was the leader of the Makhnovshchina ("Makhno movement") and the Commander-in-Chief of the Revolutionary Insurgent Army of Ukraine.

Makhno was born in a poor family in Huliaipole, in the south of Ukraine. He was put in prison because of his anarchist activism. During the Russian Revolution, he was set free and returned to his home town. He took property from the rich and gave it to poor farmers. When civil war broke out, he joined the side of the Bolsheviks. Together with the Red Army, Makhno's anarchist forces fought against the White Army and the Central Powers. After he beat them in battle, he attempted to establish anarchist communism in Ukraine. But the Bolsheviks turned against Makhno and attacked the Insurgent Army. Makhno withdrew from Ukraine and went into exile. He settled in Paris, where he wrote his memoirs and articles about anarchism. He argued a lot with other anarchists and was accused of antisemitism. He died from tuberculosis at the age of 45.

Nestor Makhno was born on 7 November 1888. His family were poor peasants and they lived in Huliaipole, in the south of Ukraine. Makhno had four brothers and his parents were former serfs. His father died while he was still very young. Growing up, Makhno was often absent from school and went to work on a farm at an early age. Makhno hated working for property owners and rebelled against them. He worked a number of different jobs to support his family.

In 1905, Makhno joined the local anarchist group in Huliaipole. The group robbed local businesspeople and attacked the police. By 1909, Makhno was arrested. He was sentenced to life imprisonment. In prison, Makhno was often kept in solitary confinement and became ill with tuberculosis. He was given an education by another prisoner, Peter Arshinov. But he also came to dislike intellectuals. From his prison cell, Makhno opposed the Russian Empire joining World War I. He was freed from prison during the Russian Revolution of 1917 and returned home to Huliaipole.

When he arrived in Huliaipole, he was welcomed by local peasants and members of his old anarchist group. Makhno wanted the anarchists to take leadership over the peasants, but the anarchist group would not help him. By himself, Makhno formed a trade union for local peasants. He was elected as the union's chairperson. Led by Makhno, peasants and anarchists soon took control of the local government. Makhno led strike actions against employers and workers took control of the town's industry. He also took property from landlords and gave it to poor peasants. By October 1917, Makhno had disarmed Huliaipole's law enforcement and established an armed peasant militia. When civil war broke out, Makhno's anarchist forces took the side of the Bolsheviks against the White Army.

In February 1918, the Central Powers invaded Ukraine. Makhno tried to resist but Huliaipole was occupied by the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Makhno retreated to Taganrog and made plans to take back Huliaipole. He then travelled along the Volga to Moscow, the capital of Soviet Russia. In Moscow, he reunited with Peter Arshinov and met the famous anarchist Peter Kropotkin. He also met the Bolshevik leader Vladimir Lenin. The Bolsheviks supplied him with a false passport so he could return to Ukraine.

Makhno crossed the Russia-Ukraine border in disguise. He discovered that his house was destroyed and his oldest brother was executed by the Austro-Hungarian Army. He returned to Huliaipole in secret and planned an insurgency against the military occupation.

Makhno's forces took over Huliaipole for a short time in September 1918. They then withdrew north to Dibrivka forest. They were surrounded by the Austro-Hungarian Army but beat them in a surprise attack. For their victory, Makhno's followers gave him the title of "Bat'ko" (Ukrainian for "father"). The Austro-Hungarians set fire to the nearby village. Makhno's forces took revenge against supporters of the occupation, such as local Mennonites.

Makhno's forces finally captured Huliaipole in November 1918. They were then reorganized into the Revolutionary Insurgent Army of Ukraine, with Makhno as its Commander-in-Chief. At this time, the Central Powers withdrew from Ukraine. The Red Army invaded Ukraine from the north and the White Army attacked from the south.

In January 1919, Makhno's Insurgent Army decided to join the Red Army. Makhno became the commander of a Red brigade. He disliked his own commanders in the Red Army. His commanding officer banned him from holding regional congresses in Huliaipole. In May 1919, Nykyfor Hryhoriv rebelled against the Red Army. The Bolshevik politician Lev Kamenev demanded that Makhno condemn Hryhoriv. Makhno condemned Hryhoriv's antisemitism but also blamed the Bolsheviks for causing the rebellion. Makhno's relationship with his Red Army commanders got worse.

By June, the Bolsheviks had declared Makhno to be an outlaw and demanded his arrest. Leon Trotsky also criticised Makhno for being an anarchist. At this time, White Cossacks captured Huliaipole and Makhno retreated. He then resigned from the Red Army. The Cheka tried to arrest him but were unsuccessful. Makhno's small group retreated west and linked up with Hryhoriv's forces in July 1919. But their agreement fell apart because of Hryhoriv's antisemitism. Hryhoriv was killed by Makhno's adjutant.

In September 1919, the Red Army withdrew from Ukraine. Makhno's forces then fought against the White Army by themselves. The Whites forced the Insurgent Army to retreat further. Makhno agreed a truce with the nationalist leader Symon Petliura. Makhno's forces then regrouped and beat the White Army in battle. The Insurgent Army then captured most of the south of Ukraine. This broke the supply line of the White Army, which stopped attacking Moscow. The Whites instead attacked Katerynoslav and the Insurgents retreated from the city. In Oleksandrivsk, Makhno and his forces caught epidemic typhus.

In January 1920, the Red Army arrived at Oleksandrivsk. They asked Makhno to go west to fight against Poland. He refused and the Bolsheviks declared him to be an outlaw. The Red Army and the Insurgent army started to fight against each other. Makhno's typhus got worse and he fell into a coma. While he was unconscious, local peasants hid him from the Cheka. When he recovered, he started to fight guerrilla warfare against the Cheka and the Red Army. But by August 1920, they agreed to stop fighting and formed an alliance against the White Army. Makhno didn't trust the Bolsheviks but hoped they would honor the agreement. In October 1920, the Insurgent Army captured Huliaipole from the Whites. Some of his forces went to Crimea to finish off the White Army. Makhno stayed behind.

While the Insurgent Army attacked the White Army, the Bolsheviks planned to betray the insurgents. After the White Army was beaten in Crimea, the Bolsheviks turned against Makhno. They claimed that Makhno had refused orders. On 26 November 1920, the Red Army surprise attacked Huliaipole. Makhno's forces fled the town. Makhno reunited with the insurgent forces from Crimea. They retook Huliaipole, one week later. In December 1920, the Insurgent Army took more towns from the Red Army. But Makhno's forces were surrounded. They separated into small groups and started to fight guerrilla warfare against the Red Army. Makhno went north. He was wounded in battle.

By August 1921, many of Makhno's friends were dead and he was badly wounded. He decided to withdraw from Ukraine and seek medical treatment. Makhno's unit fled to Romania. After a short stay in a concentration camp, he recovered from his wounds in Bucharest. The Bolsheviks demanded the extradition of Makhno but the Romanian government refused. Makhno tried to form an alliance with Ukrainian nationalists in Romania, but was not successful.

He moved to Poland in April 1922. There he was held in another concentration camp. He and his wife Halyna Kuzmenko were then put in prison, under suspicion of planning an anti-Polish insurgency. Kuzmenko gave birth to their daughter in prison. Their trial resulted in their acquittal. In July 1924, they moved to Danzig. Makhno was again put in prison but escaped to Berlin, in Germany.

In April 1925, he moved to Paris, the capital of France. He was reunited with his family and they found a new home. Makhno's health problems kept him out of work and forced his family to move to a different house. During this time, Makhno co-wrote the "Platform", which called for the anarchist movement to be more organized. The "Platform" was criticized by other anarchists, who called it "authoritarian". He was also concerned with the assassination of Symon Petliura by Sholem Schwarzbard. Makhno himself was later accused of antisemitism, which he denied. Makhno's health got worse. He also became isolated from other Ukrainian emigrants. He and Kuzmenko frequently separated. He often argued with the editors of his memoirs. By the 1930s, Peter Arshinov had defected to the Soviet Union. Makhno's tuberculosis was made worse by malnutrition. He spent the final months of his life in hospital and died on 25 July 1934. His body was cremated and the ashes kept in Père Lachaise Cemetery.

Makhno's widow and daughter were deported to Nazi Germany during World War II. They were then arrested by the Soviet Union and exiled to Kazakhstan, where they spent the rest of their lives. After the independence of Ukraine, Makhno became a local hero in Huliaipole.


Lezgins

Lezgins or Leks (. lezgijar) are aCaucasian ethnic group native predominantly to southern Dagestan and northeastern Azerbaijan, and speak the Lezgin language. Their social structure is firmly based on equality and deference to individuality.

Yan Hui

Yan Hui (521–481 BC) was a Chinese philosopher and the favorite disciple of Confucius. He is highly respected in Confucianism, venerated in Confucian temples as one of the Four Sages. Yan Hui is also known as Ziyuan and Yan Yuan, using his courtesy name and a combination of his surname and courtesy name. He is often referred to reverently as Master Yan or Yanzi.

Yan Hui, born in the state of Lu, was the son of Confucius' early disciple Yan Wuyou. Despite being about 30 years younger than Confucius, Yan Hui became a student of Confucius at a young age.

Confucius favored Yan Hui, once saying, "After I got Yan Hui, the disciples came closer to me." On a hill with Zilu and Zigong, Confucius asked them about their goals. Zilu showed bravery, Zigong demonstrated eloquence, and Yan Hui expressed a desire to find an intelligent king. Yan Hui wished to spread teachings on virtue, guide people with propriety and music, and promote peaceful living without the need for walls or weapons. Confucius praised Yan Hui's virtuous vision.

Yan Hui, like Confucius, was highly respected by the first emperor of the Han dynasty. He holds the title "Fusheng" (Continuator of the Sage), given in 1530. Yan Hui is honored as the first of the Four Assessors in the Temple of Confucius.

In Qufu's walled city, Yan Hui is revered at the Temple of Yan Hui, located north of the Temple of Confucius. His tomb, situated in the Yan Family Cemetery ("Yan Forest"), is surrounded by many family tombs. A stele, originally from the Jurchen Jin dynasty, was reinstated during the Ming Dynasty, and Yan Hui's tomb remains well preserved.

Peter Pan (2003 movie)

Peter Pan is 2003 Adventure movie Starring Jeremy Sumpter, Jason Isaacs and Rachel Hurd-Wood.


Rocky Top, Tennessee

Rocky Top, previously called Coal Creek and Lake City, is a city in Anderson and Campbell counties in the eastern part of Tennessee, United States. It is northwest of Knoxville. The population was 1,628 at the 2020 census. Most of the community is in Anderson County and is included in the Knoxville Metropolitan Statistical Area. On June 26, 2014, the city changed its name from Lake City to Rocky Top, after the court told the people who owned the copyright to the song that they could not stop the change.

Bernd and Hilla Becher

Bernhard "Bernd" Becher (20 August 1931 – 22 June 2007), and Hilla Becher (2 September 1934 – 10 October 2015), were a couple of German photographers, working as a duo.

The Bechers are known for their photographic series, or typologies, showing industrial buildings and structures, often presented in grids. They started the so-called Düsseldorf School of Photography, and have influenced generations of photographers from all over the world. They were given the Erasmus Prize and the Hasselblad Award.

Little Women (2019 movie)

Little Women is a 2019 American drama movie of the March Sisters Josephine, Margaret, Florence and Elizabeth.

Postmedia Network

Postmedia Network is a Canadian media conglomerate that owns many newspapers. It is the largest media group in Canada. It owns the "Vancouver Sun", the "National Post," the "Financial Post, and more." The company is headquartered in Toronto.

The conglomerate was formed by "National Post" CEO Paul Godfrey in 2010.




Postmedia owns newspapers that serve smaller communities across Canada, including:





In addition, Postmedia Network owns all websites associated with all properties listed on this page either wholly or in partnership.


Other media groups in Canada include:



Metro (newspaper)

Metro is the most popular newspaper in the United Kingdom. It is published in tabloid format by DMG Media. The newspaper was launched in 1995.

Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane

Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane is an American comic book series which retells the story of Spider-Man with Mary-Jane Watson as the protagonist. It started in 2004 and ended in 2009. It was written by Sean McKeever and drawn by Takeshi Miyazawa and David Hahn.

In the first comic book Mary Jane:Circle of Friends, Mary-Jane Watson is worried about not having a boy to date at the School Dance. So her friend Liz convinces her to date Harry Osborn. Then Mary-Jane goes home on a train which is attacked by a supervillain named Electro but Spider-Man comes and saves her. Then Mary-Jane falls in love with Spider-Man. Mary-Jane gets a job as a dress salesman. Mary-Jane finds out from Liz that Flash Thompson likes her and wishes he were dating her. Liz later thinks Mary-Jane is cheating on Harry with Flash. 

Dr. Norman Osborn tells Harry to stop dating Mary-Jane because he thinks she’s why Harry’s doing badly in school so Harry decides to cheat at math. When Mary-Jane stops him, he breaks up with her. Flash Thompson kisses Mary-Jane at a school dance and Liz is angry about this. 

A nerdy boy named Peter Parker starts to tutor Mary-Jane in Algebra. Mary-Jane loves Spider-Man but both Peter and Liz tell her not to try to date Spider-Man. Mary-Jane finds Spider-Man after he fights a supervillain called The Vulture and asks him to start dating her but he says no. Flash Thompson gets jealous of Peter Parker because of how much time Peter spends with Mary-Jane so he gives Peter a wedgie. Mary-Jane tells Flash that he can’t be her friend anymore after that. Mary-Jane gets a part in the school play of Twelfth Night that her friend Lindsay wanted. So Lindsay starts dating Harry Osborn to make her jealous. But then Spider-Man comes to Mary-Jane and asks her for a date and she says yes. But because of his Secret identity, Mary-Jane realizes that Spider-Man can’t be her boyfriend. She also realizes that she’s actually in love with Peter Parker. But when she next sees Peter, he’s dating another girl named Gwen Stacy. Mary-Jane and Flash Thompson become friends again. Gwen breaks up with Peter because she thinks he’s in love with Mary-Jane. But Mary-Jane wants to date Harry Osborn even though he’s dating a girl named Felicia Hardy. Spider-Man meets and starts dating a female superhero named Firestar but later breaks up with her. Harry breaks up with Felicia since he wants to date Mary-Jane but Mary-Jane still doesn’t date Harry. Harry is angry about this. Peter and Mary-Jane start dating each other. 

Mary-Jane gets to play a character in a play that her friend Zoe wanted to play. Then someone uses the school’s computers to start a mean rumour about her. Mary-Jane assumes that Harry Osborn did it but he says he had nothing to do with it. Then Mary-Jane finds out that it was actually Zoe. Mary-Jane forgives Zoe. 

European Union law

European Union law is a system of rules working within the member states of the European Union (EU). The EU has political systems, social and economic policies are aimed to help nation states for the purpose of cooperation and human development. According to its Court of Justice the EU represents "a new legal order of international law".<ref name="Case 26/62">"Van Gend en Loos v Nederlandse Administratie der Belastingen" (1963) Case 26/62</ref>

Hanno Pevkur

Hanno Pevkur (born 2 April 1977) is an Estonian politician. He is the Minister of Defence since 2022. He is the former chairman of the Estonian Reform Party.

He was the Minister of Social Affairs from 2009 to 2012. He also was the Minister of Justice from 2012 to 2014 and the Minister of the Interior from 2014 to 2016.

Thareli dialect

Thareli also called Tharechi is a dialect of Sindhi language, spoken in north eastern thar desert of Sindh, called Nara desert (Achhro thar). But it is mainly spoken in western part of Jaisalmer district of Rajasthan, India by Sindhi muslims.

Taavi Veskimägi

Taavi Veskimägi (born 20 November 1974) is a former Estonian banker and politician. He was the minister of Finance from 2003 to 2005 and one of the two former co-Chairmen of the Union of Pro Patria and Res Publica (2006–2007).

Until 2014, he was in a relationship with Prime Minister Kaja Kallas. They have one son together.

Women (Amanda Lear song)

"Women" is a 1985 song by French singer Amanda Lear and was released as a stand-alone single. It did not chart at all and the sing is all about feminist themes.


Philautus macroscelis

The mossy bush frog ("Philautus macroscelis") is a frog. It lives in Brunei, Malaysia, and Borneo. Scientists think it might also live in Indonesia. People have seen it between 750 and 1800 meters above sea level.

2019 Estonian parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in Estonia on 3 March 2019. The newly elected 101 members of the 14th Riigikogu assembled at Toompea Castle in Tallinn within ten days of the election. 

The Reform Party remained the largest party, winning four seats for a total of 34 and the Conservative People's Party had the largest gain overall, increasing their seat count by 12 to a total of 19 seats.

2023 Estonian parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in Estonia on 5 March 2023 to elect all 101 members of the Riigikogu. The Reform Party won 37 seats in total, while the Conservative People's Party of Estonia (EKRE) placed second with 17 seats. The Centre Party won 16 seats, a loss of 10, while Estonia 200 won 14 seats.

After the previous parliamentary election in 2019, the Centre Party, led by Jüri Ratas, formed a government with Ratas serving as prime minister. His government ended in January 2021 after a corruption investigation, and Kaja Kallas of the Reform Party formed a coalition government with the Centre Party, which ended in June 2022. Kallas then formed a government with Isamaa and the Social Democratic Party and stayed as prime minister. 

2011 Estonian parliamentary election

A parliamentary election was held in Estonia on 6 March 2011, with e-voting between 24 February and 2 March 2011. The newly elected 101 members of the 12th Riigikogu assembled at Toompea Castle in Tallinn within ten days of the election. The incumbent government of the Reform Party and IRL stayed in office until 2014 when Prime Minister Andrus Ansip resigned. He was replaced by Taavi Rõivas.

The election was marked by the highest number of running independents (32) since 1992. Several independent candidates were members of the Estonian Patriotic Movement.

Euronest Parliamentary Assembly

The EuroNest Parliamentary Assembly is the inter-parliamentary forum in which members of the European Parliament and the national parliaments of Ukraine, Moldova, Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia participate and create closer political and economic ties with the European Union. It was created in 2011 by the European Commission.

Digital Single Market

On 6 May 2015, the European Commission, led at the time by Jean-Claude Juncker, created the Digital Single Market strategy. The strategy was intended to remove virtual borders to increase connection on the internet and make it easier for consumers to have access of online content across the European Union.

Report

A report is a document or a statement that shows information in an organized manner for a specific group of people and purpose. Although summaries of reports can be given in a speech, complete reports are usually given in written document form. Usually information found in reports are found through investigations.

Global energy crisis (2021-present)

The 2021–2023 global energy crisis began in the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2021, with much of the world facing shortages and increased prices in oil, gas and electricity markets. 

The crisis was caused by many factors, including the fast post-pandemic economic recovery and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The price of natural gas reached record highs, and so did electricity in some markets. 

Oil prices hit their highest level since 2008.

Jacek Granat

Jacek Granat, born on February 22, 1966, in Warszawa, Poland, is a retired Polish football referee. He began his career in refereeing in Poland before eventually being recognized as a FIFA referee in 1994, a title he held until his retirement in 2008.
Granat's refereeing career spanned over a decade and included officiating in several major European and international football tournaments. His tenure as a FIFA referee included participation in numerous UEFA Cup and Champions League matches, as well as in World Cup qualifiers and European Championship qualifiers.


Granat's career as an international referee concluded in 2008, after which he retired from active officiating in football matches.


FGM-148 Javelin

The FGM-148 Javelin, or Advanced Anti-Tank Weapon System-Medium (AAWS-M), is an American-made anti-tank system. It has a fire-and-forget design and automatic infrared guidance. This allows the user to seek cover right after launch. The Javelin's high-explosive anti-tank (HEAT) warhead can defeat modern tanks, hitting them from above, where their armor is thinnest.

Social Democratic Party (Estonia)

The Social Democratic Party (, SDE) is a centre-left political party in Estonia. It is currently led by Lauri Läänemets.

Estonia 200

Estonia 200 (, E200) is a liberal political party in Estonia. Since April 2023, the party has been a junior partner in the third Kaja Kallas government. The party is a member of the Renew Europe group.

Just Like Fire Would

"Just Like Fire Would" is a 1986 song by Australian band The Saints. It is the leading single from their seventh studio album "All Fools Day" and went to number 29 in Australia. It was covered by Bruce Springsteen for his 18th studio album "High Hopes" and was released as the second single from the album.

Japadog

Japadog is an international street food chain. The chain is known for its hot dogs that use Japanese-style foods, which make it unique.

Noriki Tamura and his wife founded the first Japadog stand in 2005. A second stand opened in 2009. In 2010, they expanded beyond stands and opened a restaurant, allowing them to serve extra items like desserts and french fries.

Pilgrim (Eric Clapton song)

"Pilgrim" is a 1998 song by Eric Clapton and is the title track to his 13th studio album "Pilgrim". It was used in the 1998 movie "Lethal Weapon 4" and went to number 17 in Italy.

Panavision 3D

Panavision 3D is a 3-D camera system developed by Panavision.

Maria Hill

Commander Maria Hill is a fictional character that appears in the universe of Marvel Comics, and is a supporting character in most of the "Iron Man" comics. Hill is an agent (and later director) of S.H.I.E.L.D. She is also an ally of Nick Fury and the Avengers, mainly it's prominent members, Iron Man and Captain America.

She was created by Brian Michael Bendis and David Finch, and first appeared in "New Avengers #4".

In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Maria is played by Cobie Smulders, who also played Robin Scherbatsky in "How I Met Your Mother".

Darcy Lewis

Doctor Darcy Lewis is a major Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) character in "Thor" (2011) and a supporting character in both the 2013 and 2022 sequels "" and "". She returns in the Disney+ television series "WandaVision", as a major character, where she assists .

She was Jane Foster's intern who worked with Dr. Erik Selvig on spatial anomalies, and encountered the Norse god Thor. After helping Thor and Foster stop Malekith and the Dark Elves, Darcy managed to get her doctorate and survive the decimation in 2018. After the Avengers undid the snap, Darcy was recruited by S.W.O.R.D. to investigate the Westview anomaly created by Wanda Maximoff.

Since her cinematic debut in the MCU, she has been portrayed by actress Kat Dennings.

Heimdall (character)

Heimdall is a character in the Thor comics published by Marvel Comics. He is the all-seeing and all-hearing and is the sole protector of the Bifröst, the Rainbow Bridge that is connected to the Nine Realms. Heimdall is one of Thor's closest friends and is Lady Sif's brother.

Idris Elba portrayed the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "Thor" (2011), "" (2013), "" (2015), "" (2017), "" (2018), and "" (2022).

Konrad Kwiecień

Konrad Kwiecień (born 2 March 1964) is a Polish archer. Kwiecień competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Anna Łęcka

Anna Łęcka (born 7 January 1980) is a Polish archer. Łęcka competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Natalia Leśniak

Natalia Leśniak (born 10 July 1991) is a Polish archer. Leśniak competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Tomasz Leżański

Tomasz Leżański (born 14 May 1947) is a Polish archer. Leżański competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Pilgrim (Eric Clapton album)

Pilgrim is the 13th studio album by Eric Clapton. It was released on 10 March through Reprise Records and went to the top 10 in twenty-two countries including topping the album charts in Norway and Japan, making its most successful album for Clapton. It won a Grammy Award in 1999.

Chanda Bell

Chanda Bell is an American author, producer, and entrepreneur, living in Atlanta, Georgia.

In 2004, she collaborated with her mother, Carol Aebersold, on a book about their family custom of having a Scout Elf who hears children's hopes and dreams during the day and tells Santa about their exploits at night.

She is author of "The Elf on the Shelf: A Christmas Tradition," "Extraordinary Noorah: Santa’s Magical Arctic Fox".The Elf on the Shelf’s Night Before Christmas and Elf Pets: A Reindeer Tradition.

In addition to co-authoring "The Elf on the Shelf: A Christmas Tradition" with her mother, Chanda Bell is co-CEO of CCA and B, LLC dba The Lumistella Company as of 2005.

In 2017, Bell co-founded Scout Elf Productions(TM).

Stories and Alibis

Stories and Alibis is the debut studio album by Matchbook Romance. The album was released on September 23, 2003.


FloopaLoo, Where Are You?

Two cousins, Matt and Lisa, are staying at summer camp in the woods where a creature named FloopaLoo lives. There, they discover a strange world where fish can play music and memory trees grow.


Social anthropology

Social anthropology studies patterns of behaviour in human societies and cultures. 

It is the main part of anthropology in the United Kingdom and much of Europe. There it is contrasted with cultural anthropology. 

In the United States, social anthropology is part of cultural anthropology or sociocultural anthropology.

Chữ Hán

Chữ Hán, meaning 'Han characters' in Vietnamese, refers to Chinese characters used in Vietnam. They were employed for writing Literary Chinese (Hán văn) and Sino-Vietnamese words in the Vietnamese language. Vietnam started using Chữ Hán during the Han dynasty's rule over the Red River Delta region, persisting until the early 20th century (111 BC – 1919 AD). However, as Literary Chinese lost its prominence with the end of Confucian court examinations, Chữ Hán gradually faded from use.

In Vietnamese, Chinese characters are commonly called chữ Hán, but there are other terms like chữ Nho ("Confucian characters") or Hán tự (漢字). Classical Chinese is referred to as Hán văn, while Văn ngôn is used for Literary Chinese.

Nowadays, Chinese characters are mostly found in temples and old buildings in Vietnam. Chữ Hán is no longer widely used and is associated with cultural traditions. During Vietnamese festivals, calligraphers, known as ông đồ, write couplets in Chinese characters to convey wishes for prosperity and longevity. This cultural practice is reflected in the poem "Ông đồ" by Vũ Đình Liên, which laments the declining appreciation for Vietnamese calligraphy during Tết.

Jeremy Fragrance

Jeremy Fragrance used the stage name Jeremy Williams from 2008 to 2010 and was a member of the unsuccessful casting band Part Six.
After that, he briefly joined the music project "Golden Circle" and released a solo music piece called "All of Me" in 2011.

Madurese people

Madurese (; ), also known as Madurans, are an ethnic group native to the Indonesian island of Madura in the Java Sea. They speak the Madurese language and share a common history, traditions, and cultural identity. The Madurese are the fourth-largest ethnic group in Indonesia, and known for their contribution to the national dish Saté.

Approximately six million native Madurese reside on Madura Island, with half a million living in eastern Java. Some Madurese form a subgroup called Pandalungan Madurese, speaking a mix of Javanese and Madurese languages.

Official data on the Madurese population in Indonesia vary. The 2010 census states they make up 3.03% of the country's population, around 7.2 million people. Some sources suggest larger figures of 10.5 to 10.8 million. Regardless, Madurese people are among Indonesia's largest ethnic groups, ranking fourth after the Javanese, Sundanese, and Batak. Historically, Madurese inhabit Madura Island, smaller islands in the Java Sea, and parts of Java and Kalimantan islands. Significant Madurese communities exist in Jakarta, Bali, Bangka Belitung Islands, and even in neighboring countries like Singapore.

The Madurese people speak the Madurese language, a Madura-Kangeanic language in the Austronesian family. The language varies across Madura Island, with Sumenep Madurese considered the standard. Madurese is recognized by the East Java provincial government and is used as a co-official language in certain regions, mainly in Madura.

The majority of Madurese people practice Islam, mainly following the Sunni sect system of Nahdlatul Ulama. Muslim theologians play a important role in their spiritual and social life. Many Madurese individuals receive education in traditional local Muslim schools called Pondhuk Pâsantrèn, which also contribute significantly to their spiritual and social development.

Kristine Froseth

Kristine Froseth (born September 21, 1995) is an American-Norwegian actress. She is known for playing Kelly Aldrich in the Netflix series "The Society" and Alaska Young in the Hulu series "Looking for Alaska".


Crossroads League

The Crossroads League is a American college athletic conference. It is affiliated with the NAIA. 

The Schools In The Conference Are:


Gandhara

Gandhara was an ancient civilization in northwest Pakistan. The main part of Gandhara was in Peshawar and Swat valleys. But the cultural impact of "Greater Gandhara" went beyond the Indus river to Taxila in Potohar Plateau and to the west in the Jalalabad valley in Afghanistan and Central Asia.
Gandhara had a significant impact on the development of Tibetan and Han Buddhism, playing a important role in spreading Buddhism to China, Korea, and Japan.

In the Iron Age, Gandhara became a major power around 550 BCE under King Pushkarasarin. It was later conquered by Cyrus I and Alexander the Great. Gandhara went through different rulers, including the Maurya Empire and the Indo-Greek Kingdom. It thrived as a center for Greco-Buddhism which later formed Gandharan Buddhism, influencing regions like Central Asia and East Asia.

Panorama Point

Panorama Point is the highest natural point in Nebraska. It is at an elevation of above sea level.
It is located in southwestern Kimball County, near the point where Nebraska and Wyoming meet on Colorado's northern border. Despite its name and elevation, Panorama Point is not a mountain or a hill. It is a low rise on the High Plains. A stone marker, saying that the elevation is , and a guest register are located at the top of the drive. From the point people can see the nearby state corner marker, and a big plains landscape with the Rocky Mountains in the western distance. Panorama Point is located on the High Point Bison Ranch, which lets visitors drive to the point as long as they avoid the bison and pay a fee.

RMS Olympic

RMS "Olympic was a British ocean liner, sister to the famous ships "Titanic" and "Britannic". "Olympic" had a career spanning 24 years from 1911 to 1935. In September 1911, "Olympic" collided with the HMS "Hawke". This included service as a troop carrier during World War I, which gained her the nickname ""Old Reliable"." In September 1915, during World War I, "Olympic" was painted in a dazzle camouflage, naming itself as the HMT "Olympic. On 12 May 1918, she spotted a U-boat ahead, which is named "U-103". 

"Olympic"’s port propeller sliced through "U-103"’s pressure hull. "Olympic" did not stop to pick up the survivors, but continues on to Cherbourg. She returned to passenger service as RMS "Olympic" after the war, and served successfully as an ocean liner throughout the 1920s and early 1930s. In May 1934, "Olympic" struck another ship, called Nantucket Lightship "LV-117". 

Her scrapping began in 1935 in Jarrow. Between 1935 and 1937, "Olympic"’s superstructure was demolished, and then, on 19 September 1937, her hull was towed to Thos. W. Ward’s yard at Inverkeithing for final demolition which was completed by late 1937. "Olympic" was scrapped from 1935 to 1937 due to the Great Depression.

By the time of her retirement, "Olympic" had completed 257 round trips across the Atlantic, transporting 430,000 passengers on her commercial voyages, travelling 1.8 million miles.

High Tor State Park

High Tor State Park is a state park in Rockland County, New York, United States. The park is located on the South Mountain.

High Tor State Park is used during the summer months. It has picnic tables, a pool, hiking trails, and a spot to buy food.

In 1937, playwright Maxwell Anderson wrote "High Tor" about a man who saves his crag from a crushing company. The play laster inspired the 1956 movie, "High Tor."

78 acres of the original land was owned by Everett Crosby, a wine-maker. Crosby used this land to operate High Tor Vineyards, a prominent East Coast winery. The vineyard was later purchased by The Scenic Hudson Land Trust. The land was then added to the state park.


High Tor Vineyards

High Tor Vineyards was a prominent winery located in Clarkstown, New York. The vineyard, which opened in 1950, played a significant role in the history of winemaking in the Hudson Valley region.

High Tor Vineyards was established by Everett Crosby in 1950. Crosby was influenced by the work of winemaker Philip Wagner. High Tor Vineyards was the first winery to grow French-hybrid grapes in the Northeast.

For over 40 years and across 4 different owners, High Tor Vineyards established itself as one of the prominent East Coast wineries. Suburban economic pressures of increasing taxes and increasing land values made High Tor vulnerable to development. A controversial development proposal was combined with the controlled burning of a historic home on the property without any permits. The technical problems, combined with the burning of the historic home, resulted in strong local opposition. The local opposition led to the ultimate acquisition of the entire 54-acre property by the Palisades Interstate Park Commission for incorporation into the neighboring 500-acre High Tor State Park.

After Crosby sold the vineyard, he documented his trials and tribulations of being a vineyard owner in his book, "The Vintage Years: The Saga of High Tor Vineyards". Members of the public can still visit the site of the one-time winery and vineyard using a side trail in High Tor State Park off the Long Path, which is maintained by the NY-NJ Trail Conference.

Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad

Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad () is a Salafist jihadist war group. It was created in Jordan in 1999 and was led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi for its lifetime.

Rebecca (The Bible)

Rebecca was a woman in the Book of Genesis. She was the daughter of Bethuel and the sister of Laban. Rebecca married Isaac. She and Isaac prayed to God to have a child. Then Rebecca became pregnant. She wanted to know why it was painful and God told her that she would give birth to twins who would become two nations that would fight each other. She gave birth to Esau and Jacob. She convinced Jacob to trick Isaac into blessing him instead of Esau so Esau decided to kill Jacob. So Rebecca told Jacob to run away to Laban and she told Isaac she was sending him away so he wouldn't marry a Canaanite woman.

Lists of tropical cyclone names

Tropical cyclones and subtropical cyclones are named by various warning centers to help communication between forecasters and the public about forecasts, watches, and warnings. The names are intended to reduce confusion if there are storms in the same basin at the same time. Generally once storms produce sustained wind speeds of more than , names are given in order from the lists depending on which basin they start. Standards vary from basin to basin. Some tropical depressions are named in the Western Pacific, while tropical cyclones must have a significant amount of gale-force winds around the centre before they are named in the Southern Hemisphere.

Before this naming started tropical cyclones were named after places, objects, or saints' feast days on which they happened. The first use of personal names for weather systems was by the Queensland Government Meteorologist Clement Wragge, who named systems between 1887 and 1907. This system of naming weather systems stopped for several years after Wragge retired. It was revived in the latter part of World War II for the Western Pacific. Formal naming schemes and naming lists have been introduced and developed for the Eastern, Central, Western and Southern Pacific basins, as well as the Australian region, Atlantic Ocean and Indian Ocean.

Within the North Atlantic Ocean, tropical or subtropical cyclones are named by the National Hurricane Center when they are judged to have become a tropical storm with winds of at least 65 km/h, (40 mph). Six lists of names are used in alphabetical order, and maintained by the World Meteorological Organization with them rotating on a yearly basis. Significant tropical cyclones have their names removed from the lists with a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association IV Hurricane Committee meeting. If all of the names on a list are used, storms are named after the letters of the Greek alphabet (Alpha, Beta, Gamma, etc.). Greek names, unlike the names in the regular lists, cannot be removed. If a storm ever reached the magnitude that might otherwise have led to retirement, the storm would be listed with the retired names with a footnote indicating the Greek letter would still be available for future storms.
The names used recently in (2020) will be reused again in 2026. (if none of them are retired)

Within the Eastern Pacific Ocean two offices of the United States National Weather Service assign names to tropical cyclones when they are judged to have intensified into a tropical storm with winds of at least 65 km/h, (40 mph). Tropical cyclones that become tropical storms between the coast of Americas and 140°W are named by the National Hurricane Center, whilst tropical cyclones intensifying into tropical storms between 140°W and 180° are named by the Central Pacific Hurricane Center. Significant tropical cyclones have their names retired from the lists and a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association IV Hurricane Committee meeting.

When a tropical depression intensifies into a tropical storm to the north of the Equator between the coastline of the Americas and 140°E then it will be named by the National Hurricane Center. Six lists of names are maintained by the World Meteorological Organization with them rotating on a yearly basis. Significant tropical cyclones have their names retired from the lists with a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association IV Hurricane Committee meeting.

When a tropical depression intensifies into a tropical storm to the north of the Equator between 140°W and 180° it is named by the Central Pacific Hurricane Center. Four lists of names are maintained by the World Meteorological Organization, rotating without regard to year, with the first name for a new year being the next name in sequence that was not used the previous year. Significant tropical cyclones have their names retired from the lists, with a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association IV Hurricane Committee meeting. 

Within the Northwestern Pacific Ocean there are two separate agencies who assign names to tropical cyclones which often results in a cyclone having two names. The Japan national weather service names tropical cyclones should they be judged to have 10-minute sustained wind speeds of 65 km/h, (40 mph), to the north of the equator between the 180° and 100°E. The Philippine national weather service also assigns names to tropical cyclones which move into or form as a tropical depression in their area of responsibility located between 135°E and 115°E and between 5°E-25°E even if the cyclone has had a name assigned to it by the Japanese national weather service.

Tropical cyclones are named from the following lists by the Japanese national weather service, once they become a tropical storm. Names are contributed by members of the ESCAP/WMO Typhoon Committee. Each of the 14 nations or territories submitted 10 names, which are used in alphabetical order, by the English name of the country.

The Philippine national weather service uses its own naming scheme for tropical cyclones in their area of responsibility. PAGASA assigns names to tropical depressions that form within their area of responsibility, and any tropical cyclone that moves into their area of responsibility. Should the list of names for a given year prove to be insufficient, names are taken from a reserve list of names, with the first ten published every year.

Within this basin when a deep depression is judged to have become a Cyclonic Storm it will be named by the Indian national weather service. The list of names were selected between 2000 and 2004 by the countries of the WMO/ESCAP Panel on tropical cyclones, before the actual naming of tropical cyclones began in September 2004.
Within the South-west Indian Ocean, tropical and subtropical depressions that are judged to have 10-minute sustained windspeeds of 65 km/h, (40 mph) or more for at least 6 hours by the national weather service of Reunion Island are usually assigned a name. However it is the Mauritius and Madagascan national weather services who name the systems. The National weather service of Mauritius name the storm should it intensify into a moderate tropical storm between 55°E and 90°E; if the storm should intensify into a moderate tropical storm between 30°E and 55°E then the national weather service of Madagascar assigns the appropriate name to the storm. Tropical cyclones moving into this region from the Australian Region are renamed by the Sub-Regional Tropical Cyclone Advisory Center in Mauritius; however tropical cyclones moving into the Australian region do not get renamed. New name lists are used every year, whilst a name is normally only used once so thus no names are retired.

Within the Australian Region there are five different offices that assign names to tropical cyclones. However, as three of the offices are run by the Australian national weather service, only 3 lists of names are operated. A tropical depression is judged to have intensified into a tropical cyclone if winds reach 65 km/h, (40 mph) and it is clear that gales are occurring more than halfway around the center. Significant tropical cyclones have their names retired from the lists and a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association V Tropical Cyclone Committee meeting.

When a tropical depression intensifies into a tropical cyclone between the Equator and 10°S and between 90°E and 125°E then it will be named by the Indonesian national weather service. Should a tropical low intensify into a tropical cyclone between the Equator and 10°S and between 141°E and 160°E are assigned names by the Tropical Cyclone Warning Center in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea. Tropical Depressions intensifying into tropical cyclones in all other areas between 90°E and 160°E as well as the Equator and 40°S are named by the Australian national weather service. Should a tropical cyclone pass from one warning center to another it will retain its original name, except when moving into the South-West Indian Ocean where the Mauritius Meteorological Service will rename the system.

When a tropical depression intensifies into a tropical cyclone between the Equator and 10°S and between 90°E - 125°E, it will be named by the Indonesian Weather Service. Names are currently assigned in sequence from list A, while list B is a list of names that will replace names on list A that are retired.

When a tropical low intensifies into a tropical cyclone between 10°S and 40°S and between 90°E - 160°E, then it will be named by one of three Australian national weather service offices in Perth, Darwin, or Brisbane. Starting with Anika, the names are assigned in alphabetical order with the lists used in rotating order without regard to year.

When a tropical low intensifies into a tropical cyclone between the equator and 10°S and between 141°E - 160°E then it will be named by the Papua New Guinea's national weather service. Names from List A are assigned in a random order while list B details replacement names for list A which will be added in the bottom of list A to maintain the alphabetical order.

Within the Southern Pacific a tropical depression is judged to have reach tropical cyclone intensity should it reach winds of 65 km/h (40 mph), and it is evident that gales are occurring at least halfway around the center. Tropical depressions that should intensify into a tropical cyclone between the Equator and 25°S and between 160°E - 120°W are named by the Fiji national weather service. Should a Tropical Depression intensify to the south of 25°S between 160°E and 120°W, it will be named in by the Fijian national weather service and the New Zealand's national weather service. Significant tropical cyclones have their names retired from the lists and a replacement name selected at the next World Meteorological Organization Regional Association V Tropical Cyclone Committee meeting, whilst tropical cyclones that move into the Australian region will retain its original name.

Tropical cyclone formation is rare within the Mediterranean sea, South Atlantic and to the east of 120W in the Southern Pacific, as a result there are no official naming lists for these areas although in 2004 & 2010 when tropical cyclones formed within the South Atlantic they were named as Catarina and Anita.



La France insoumise

La France Insoumise (pronounced [la fʁɑ̃s ɛ̃sumiz]; variously translated as "Unbowed France", "Unsubmissive France", or "Rebellious France") is a democratic socialist, left-wing populist political party in France , launched on 10 February 2016 by Jean-Luc Mélenchon, then a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) and former co-president of the Left Party (PG). It aims to implement the ecosocialist programme L'Avenir en commun (English: "A Shared Future"). The party nominated Mélenchon as its candidate for the presidential election of 2017. He came fourth in the first round, receiving 19.5% of the vote and failing to qualify for the second round by around 2%. After the legislative election of 2017, La France Insoumise formed a parliamentary group of 17 members of the National Assembly, with Mélenchon as the group's president. In the 2019 European Parliament election, it however only won six seats, below its expectations. The party uses the lower case Greek letter phi as its logotype.

The content is sourced from: <nowiki>https://handwiki.org/wiki/Social:La_France_Insoumise</nowiki>
Gothenburg Symphony Orchestra

Gothenburg Symphony Orchestra is an Swedish symphony orchestra based in Gothenburg.

William II, Prince of Orange

William II (27 May 1626 – 6 November 1650) was sovereign Prince of Orange and Stadtholder of Holland, Zeeland, Utrecht, Guelders, Overijssel and Groningen in the United Provinces of the Netherlands from 14 March 1647 until his death three years later. His only child, William III, reigned as King of England, Ireland, and Scotland.

Counts, dukes and grand dukes of Oldenburg

This is a list of the counts, dukes, grand dukes, and prime ministers of Oldenburg.


 | Frederick Augustus I

1774–6 July 1785 | | 20 September 1711

Gottorp, Schleswig

son of Christian August of Holstein-Gottorp and Albertina Frederica | Ulrike Friederike Wilhelmine of Hesse-Kassel

Kassel

21 November 1752 

three children | 6 July 1785

Oldenburg

aged 73 |- | William, Duke of Oldenburg

1785–1810 | 

Eutin

son of Frederick August I and Ulrike | Never married | 2 July 1823

Schloss Plön

1813–2 July 1823 | | 3 January 1754

Eutin

son of Frederick Augustus I and Ulrike | Never married | 2 July 1823

Schloss Plön

aged 69 |-


Karina Lipiarska

Karina Lipiarska-Pałka (born 16 February 1987) is a Polish recurve archer. Lipiarska competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Maria Mączyńska

Maria Mączyńska (born 22 May 1932) is a retired Polish archer. Mączyńska competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Ibn Abbas

Ibn Abbas was the cousin of the Prophet Muhammad. He was considered the best of all Tafsir writers. He was the son of Muhammad's uncle and the nephew of one of Muhammad's wives. Ibn supported Ali and was made the governor of Basra in modern-day Iraq because of his support. 

Iwona Marcinkiewicz

Iwona Marcinkiewicz (born 23 May 1975) is an archer from Poland. Marcinkiewicz competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics, 2004 Summer Olympics, and 2008 Summer Olympics.

Bartosz Mikos

Bartosz Mikos (born 8 March 1980) is a Polish archer. Mikos competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Philautus everetti

The Everett's flying frog ("Philautus everetti") is a frog. It lives in Borneo and the Phillippines. People have seen it on Palawan Island. People usually see it between 750 and 1800 meters above sea level. Sometimes people see it as low as 300 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 30-32 mm from nose to rear end and the adult female frog 45-49 mm. This frog can be green or brown in color. There is a mark between the eyes.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. Scientists say this is because humans change the places where the frog lives. For example, humans cut down forests where the frog lives to get wood to build with. Some of the places this frog lives are protected parks.

Philautus acutus

The sharp bubble-nest frog ("Philautus acutus") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it 300 meters above sea level in Gunung Mulu National Park.

Bhuvaneshvari

Bhuvaneshvari (Sanskrit: भुवनेश्वरी, IAST: "Bhuvaneśvarī") is a Hindu goddess. She is the fourth amongst the ten Mahavidya goddesses in Shaktism, and one of the highest aspects of Mahadevi. She is identified as Adi Parashakti in the "Devi Bhagavata Purana".

Pinkvilla

Pinkvilla is an entertainment platform based in India. As of June 2022, the company has more than 50,000,000 visitors on its website and app. It is the most popular entertainment portal in India.
Pinkvilla was started in May 2007 by Nandini Shenoy.

What It Feels Like for a Girl

"What It Feels Like for a Girl" is a 2001 song by Madonna and is the third and final single from her eighth studio album "Music". It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 23 in the United States, number 1 in Spain, number 15 in New Zealand, number 18 in Ireland, number 3 in Iceland, Romania, Portugal and Argentina, number 2 in Italy and Canada and number 4 in Greece and Croatia.






Gandhara art

Gandhara art or Gandharan art, also known as Greco-Buddhist art, is a blend of Ancient Greek and Buddhist influences that developed mainly in the northwestern regions of Pakistan in the ancient region of Gandhara. It had influences throughout Central, East and Southeast Asia. The first sculpture of Gautama Buddha in human form was created in this region. The Seated Buddha from Gandhara is the oldest surviving statue of Buddha in the world.

The Gandharan art began with interactions sparked by Alexander the Great's presence and flourished under the Kushan Empire during the 1st-3rd centuries CE. The Gandhara art reached its peak from the 3rd-5th century CE.

Gandhara art features Buddhist themes with a touch of Greco-Roman elements, showcasing a style influenced by Hellenistic art. Notably, it produced the earliest surviving images of Buddha in human form, marking the end of early aniconism (representing Buddha only with symbols) in Buddhism. The realistic portrayal of the human form in large sculptures had a significant impact, spreading Buddhist influence to neighbouring India, Sri Lanka and Afghanistan and as far east as China, Japan, Vietnam and Korea.

Abbas ibn Ali

Al-Abbas ibn Ali was a warrior and frontline fighter in the Battle of Karbala. He is the brother of Husayn ibn Ali and the son of Ali, he died trying to fetch water for his nephew from the Euphrates river and had lost both his arms while still being on his horse, he eventually fell when a battle axe hit him from behind, causing a fatal injury. His last moments we're with his brother Husayn and he was then martyred.

Torben Ulrich

Torben Ulrich (4 October 1928 – December 2023) born in Frederiksberg, was a Danish former tennis player, in addition to a musician, filmmaker, and writer. He played left-handed. His highest singles ranking was 96th. He died at the age of 95 in December 2023.

Japan News Network

The Japan News Network is a Japanese commercial television network run by TBS Television, owned by TBS Holdings (which is a part of the major conglomerate Mitsui Group).

Oddiyana

Oddiyana, also Uddiyana, was a historical region located in early medieval Pakistan (now the Swat river valley region). It is considered important in the development and spread of Vajrayana Buddhism. In Tibetan Buddhist traditions, it is viewed as a Beyul, a legendary heavenly place.

Padmasambhava, an eighth-century Buddhist master and founder of the Nyingma school, is believed to be born in Oddiyana. He had a crucial role in introducing Buddhism to Tibet. Siddha Garab Dorje, the founder of Dzogchen school, is also associated with this region. Oddiyana. Oddiyana was also known as “the paradise of the Ḍākinīs" in some traditions.

Most scholars identify Oddiyana as the Swat Valley in present-day Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Alexis Sanderson, after reviewing different views, suggests that it might have been near Kashmir, with the modern Swat Valley as a likely central point. Udyāna, meaning "garden" or "orchard" in Sanskrit, is mentioned as north of Peshawar along the Swat River, extending to the northern part of ancient Tianzhu (Indus region). 

According to the 8th-century Korean monk Hye Cho, Udyana was a mountainous Buddhist region, and after visiting Gandhara, he traveled north, arriving in Udyana, then continued northeast to Chitral. Faxian noted similarities in food and clothing between Udyana and the Indo-Gangetic Plain.

In Tibetan Buddhist traditions, Oddiyana is considered a vital source of tantric teachings, with a rich history of flourishing Buddhist tantra. Many Tibetan Buddhist lineages, including Dzogchen founded by the siddha Garab Dorje, trace their roots to this region. It's believed that the first Vajrayana teachings were given by Gautama Buddha in Oddiyana, and important tantric texts like Mahayoga and Anuyoga were revealed there. 
In Tibetan Buddhist literature, Oddiyana is described as having multiple kings named Indrabhuti. Additionally, it is sometimes equated with Shambhala, a mystical land inhabited by Ḍākinīs, beyond reach for ordinary mortals. In the 'Seven Line Prayer' of Padmasambhava, Oḍḍiyāna is referred to as ཨོ་རྒྱན (o rgyan) in Tibetan.

Chopper 6 Crash

Chopper 6 Crash was the crash of WPVI-TV's news helicopter. The news helicopter crashed in Wharton State Forest in Washington Township, Burlington County, New Jersey U.S. on December 19, 2023 at 8:00 PM EST.

The victims of the Chopper 6 Crash were 67 year old pilot Monroe Smith and 45 year old photographer Christopher Dougherty.

 the investigation of the Chopper 6 Crash is done.

Fatemiyoun

Fatemiyoun is a Afghani Shiite jihadist group in Syria to fight against rebels in the country and support the leader Bashar al-Assad. The group pledges allegiance to Iran (specifically the IRGC) and members of the group are given Iranian passports. The group also uses child soldiers for fighting against rebels.

Samer Abu Daqqa

Samer Abu Daqqa (; – 15 December 2023) was a Belgian-Palestinian video journalist working for Al Jazeera. He was one of the founders of the channel’s office in the Gaza Strip where he worked as a photographer and technician for Al-Jazeera for almost twenty years. He also holds Belgian citizenship.

He was killed during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war after the Israeli army bombed an Al Jazeera crew in Khan Yunis on 15 December 2023, while he was covering a Haifa School airstrike.

Wael Dahdouh

Wael Al-Dahdouh (; born 30 April, 1970) also known as Abu Hamza is a Palestinian journalist and the bureau chief of Al Jazeera in Gaza City.

Wael started working for the press in 1998. He started his career as a correspondent for the Palestinian newspaper Al-Quds, and worked for other media outlets including Al-Arabiya in 2003 before joining Al Jazeera (Arabic) in 2004. Wael was famous for his continuous coverage of what was happening in the Gaza Strip during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war, as he was the main correspondent for the Qatari channel in the Strip and was constantly present there. On October 25, 2023, the family of the Palestinian journalist was subjected to an Israeli air strike that targeted the house in which they were displaced in the Nuseirat camp, which caused the death of his wife, son, daughter and even his grandson. On 15 December 2023, while Al-Dahdouh and his colleague cameraman Samer Abu Daqqa were covering the Haifa School airstrike in Khan Yunis, they were hit by an Israeli missile, injuring Dahdouh and killing his colleague Abu Daqqa. His son Hamza al-Dahdouh who was also a journalist was killed by an Israeli airstrike in Khan Yunis on 7 January 2024.

Shwedagon Pagoda

The Shwedagon Pagoda, also known as Shwedagon Zedi Daw (Burmese: ရွှေတိဂုံစေတီတော်), is a Buddhist stupa and pagoda in Yangon, Myanmar. It is considered the most sacred Buddhist site in the country. It's believed to hold relics of past Buddhas, including strands of hair from Gautama Buddha. The stupa is built on Singuttara Hill and stands 112 meters tall, towering over Yangon. The pagoda is important as it also contains relics like a staff and robe fragments of Kakusandha and Kassapa Buddhas.

The Shwedagon pagoda is prominent in the Yangon city skyline, zoning rules in Yangon limit nearby building heights to 127 metres.The Pagoda is also one of Yangon city's landmarks and heritage sites.

Local legends say the Shwedagon Pagoda was built over 2,500 years ago, while Buddha was alive, making it the world's oldest Buddhist stupa. Merchants Tapussa and Bhallika, the first lay disciples, received eight strands of Buddha's hair and instructions to build a stupa. King Okkalapa enshrined the hair and relics of three Buddhas in this stupa on Singuttara Hill.

The first mention of the pagoda is only in 1362/63 CE in the royal chronicles , when it raised to 18 m by King Binnya U. Inscriptions from King Dhammazedi's reign (1471–1492) list repairs dating back to 1436. Queen Shin Saw Pu raised its height to 40 m, making it Myanmar's top pilgrimage site by the early 16th century.

Earthquakes, especially in 1768, damaged the pagoda. King Hsinbyushin restored it to 99 m in 1775. King Mindon donated a new hti (the crown umbrella) in 1871. A 1970 earthquake caused misalignment, requiring extensive repairs.

The Shwedagon Pagoda Festival, which is Myanmar's largest festival, starts during the new moon of Tabaung and lasts until the full moon.

The stupa has a base made of gold-covered bricks. Only monks and males can access the terraces above it. Then comes the bell-shaped part, followed by the turban, the inverted almsbowl, and the lotus petals. It also hs an umbrella crown. The crown is adorned with 5,500 small diamonds, 2,300 rubies and 4,000 Gold bells. At the very top, on the bud, there's a 72-carat diamond. People across the country and successive monarchs, starting from Queen Shin Saw Pu, have donated gold to maintain the pagoda.

There are four entrances leading up to the platform on Singuttara Hill. Giant leogryphs guard each entrance. Circling Buddhist stupas is a common practice in a clockwise direction. Starting at the eastern shrine, which houses a statue of Kakusandha Buddha, one can then visit the southern shrine with a statue of Koṇāgamana Buddha, the western shrine with a statue of Kassapa Buddha, and finally, the northern shrine with a statue of Gautama Buddha. Over time many smaller stupas have been built around the Shwedagon Pagoda.

2023 Prague shooting

On 21 December 2023, 17 people were killed in a mass shooting at the Faculty of Arts, Charles University (including the shooter) on Jan Palach Square in central Prague, Czech Republic. At least 25 more were injured, nine of them seriously. The university building was evacuated. Police arrived at the scene, where they closed off the square and its surroundings. There was a shootout between the gunman and the police, after which he shot himself dead. At the time of the shooting, the student, who had a bachelor's degree from the same university, was studying for a master's degree there.


Wayne Clement

Wayne Clement is a professional footballer who played as a striker for the Falkland Islands national football team and forward for Stanley F.C., He is currently Falkland Islands's all-time highest goalscorer.

The Capilano Courier

The Capilano Courier is the indendent student newspaper at Capilano University.

First published in 1968, the "Courier" is run by students and alumni. They report on news, sports, campus life, arts and other national and international topics in their opinion and feature articles.


The Ubyssey

The Ubyssey is the student newspaper of the University of British Columbia. The newspaper started on October 18, 1918. 

"The Ubyssey" is mostly online, but print issues appear once every two weeks from September to April.

"The Ubyssey" is the most read student-run paper in Canada. Notable writers throughout its history include Pierre Berton, John Turner, Allan Fotheringham, and Justin McElroy. 


Nancy Isime

Nancy Isime (born 1991) is a Nigerian actress who presents on Television including Hip TV and "The Nancy Isime Show." She is also a model.

Isime became popular in 2011. She lost her mother and was raised in Lagos by her father.
She studied in University of Lagos.
In 2009, She won Miss Valentine International Pageantry.

Funke Akindele

Funke Akindele is a Nigerian actress and Film producer. She was popularly known for "Jenifa's Diary" in 2015.

She started alongside Folarin Falana, Juliana Olayode, Lota Chukwu, Paschaline Alex Okoli, Aderounmu Adejumoke, Michael Uba, Tobi Makinde in Jenifa's Diary.


Conservative Christianity

Christian Conservatives are religious Christians who support Conservatism because of their religion. They are usually Socially Conservative.

El Gordo

El Gordo (lit. "The Fat One") (ACT-CL J0102-4915 or SPT-CL J0102-4915) is the largest distant galaxy cluster seen as of 2011. 

It has (2014) the record for being the largest distant galaxy cluster we have discovered. Its mass is slightly less than three quadrillion solar masses Later its mass was reduced to about 2.1 quadrillion solar masses with a 10% uncertainty. 

It was found by NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory, the Atacama Cosmology Telescope (funded by the National Science Foundation) and the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope.

Pete Edochie

Pete Edochie is a Nigerian actor and Igbo culture practitioner. Pete is the father of Yul Edochie.

Pete is a Native of Nteje but was born in Zaria, Kaduna State.
He was abducted by Kidnappers who remained unknown and was later released in 2009.

Saara Aalto

Saara Sofia Aalto (born 2 May 1987) is a Finnish singer. She was the runner-up of both "The Voice of Finland" in 2011 and "The X Factor UK" in 2016"." She also represented Finland at the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 with the song "Monsters" and finished in 25th place.

She is a celebrity judge on the Finnish "X Factor" and was a contestant on "Dancing on Ice" in 2019.

Cease Fire (2006 movie)

Cease Fire (Persian:آتش‌بس, "Atashbas") is a 2006 Iranian romantic comedy movie directed by Tahmineh Milani and starring Atila Pesyani, Mohammad Reza Golzar, Mahnaz Afshar, Ahmad Mehranfar, Kaykavous Yakide.

If I'm Lucky (song)

"If I'm Lucky" is a 2017 song by American singer Jason Derulo and is a non-album single. It went to number 15 in Romania, number 18 in Lebanon, number 23 in Belgium, number 25 in Scotland, number 28 in the United Kingdom, number 29 in Spain and number 31 in Germany.

Maricá

Maricá is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. In 2020, 164,504 people lived here. Its area is 362.6 km².

The Maricá Airport is in the city.

Maricá has 50 "bairros" (neighborhoods) and 4 "distritos" (districts).

Bylot Island

Bylot Island is an island in Nunavut, Canada. It has an area of . It is located in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago and is north of Baffin Island. No one lives there.

The Miracle of Love

"The Miracle of Love" is a 1986 song by Eurythmics and was taken from their fifth studio album "Revenge". It went to number 23 in the United Kingdom, number 18 in Sweden and Belgium, number 10 in Ireland, number 16 in France, number 2 in Spain, number 30 in New Zealand and number 14 in Australia.



<nowiki>*</nowiki>later released on the 2005 remaster of "Touch"

Philautus hosii

The Borneo bubble-nest frog ("Philautus hosii") is a frog. It lives in Borneo and Indonesia. People have seen it as high as 350 meters above sea level.

856 Damghan earthquake

The 856 Damghan earthquake or the 856 Qumis earthquake happened on 22 December 856 (242 AH). The earthquake had an estimated magnitude of 7.9. The meizoseismal area (area of maximum damage) was about long. It was along the southern edge of the eastern Alborz mountains of present-day Iran. The earthquake's epicenter is estimated to be close to the city of Damghan. Damgham was the capital of the Persian province of Qumis at the time. The earthquake caused approximately 200,000 deaths and is listed by the USGS as the sixth deadliest earthquake in recorded history. Some people do not think that this death toll is correct.

Justyna Mospinek

Justyna Mospinek (born 8 November 1983) is an archer from Poland. Mospinek competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Sławomir Napłoszek

Sławomir Napłoszek (born 29 July 1968) is a Polish archer. Napłoszek competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Joanna Nowicka

Joanna Nowicka (born 25 July 1966) is a Polish archer. Nowicka competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, 1992 Summer Olympics, 1996 Summer Olympics, and the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Iwona Okrzesik

Iwona Okrzesik (born 22 June 1972) is a Polish archer. Okrzesik competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Arkham Knight

The Arkham Knight is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics. The character is a mysterious master strategist and commander of a personal army that surfaced in Gotham City. He wears a militaristic version of the Batsuit and is revealed as Jason Todd, who was broken by the Joker and psychologically manipulated into hating Batman. Jason was declared dead and became the Arkham Knight, assembling high-tech weapons and an army of mercenaries to get revenge on his former partner. He later abandoned the Arkham Knight identity and adopted the vigilante persona known as the Red Hood. "Arkham Knight" was created by Rocksteady Studios and Geoff Johns for the video game "", first appearing in "Batman: Arkham Knight" #1. (2015)

In the regular DC Universe the persona was adapted as Astrid Arkham, daughter of Arkham Asylum doctor Jeremiah Arkham. Astrid was born during a riot at the asylum, in the course of which her mother was killed. Her father home schooled her at Arkham Asylum and she grew up making friends with incarcerated Batman Villains like the Joker. She developed a grudge against Batman and soon began seeing him as an evil entity that hurt her only friends. When she became convinced that Batman was responsible for the death of her mother, Astrid started training herself into a skilled fighter in order to become the Arkham Knight and founded a cult of Arkham inmates called the Knights of the Sun. "Astrid Arkham" was created by Peter Tomasi and Doug Mahnke, first appearing in "Detective Comics" #1000. (2019)

2017–18 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2017–18 FC Red Bull Salzburg season was the 85th season in club history. The team was able to defend the chmpionship. They lost the Cup final versus SK Sturm Graz.

List of Spanish-speaking countries by continents

A Spanish-speaking country is a country where Spanish is one of the official languages. The United States has at least four states which use Spanish. Most states list English as the sole official language.

Spanish is the main language of the Philippines, Micronesia.





Puerto Rico is a territory of the United States with Commonwealth status.
Countries with a minority of less than 15% are not traditionally Spanish-speaking. 



Bette Kane

Mary Elizabeth "Bette" Kane is a superheroine appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She is a non-powered super-hero vigilante and a member of the Batman Family. The original Bat-Girl, she served as sidekick to Batwoman and frequently wooed her counterpart Robin. Post-Crisis, she would adopt the alias Flamebird as a response to her counterpart's development as Nightwing. Post-Flashpoint, Bette would retire from the Flamebird alias and become Hawkfire, although she would later revert to Flamebird. She has been a member of the Teen Titans, Titans West, Young Justice and Titans Los Angeles.

"Bette Kane" was created by Bill Finger and Sheldon Moldoff, first appearing in "Batman" #139. (1961)

Cassandra Cain

Cassandra Cain (also known as Cassandra Wayne) is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the superhero Batman. She is one of the world's greatest martial artists, and a vigilante acting as a member of the Batman Family. She is the daughter of assassins David Cain and Lady Shiva and was bred to become the perfect killer and taught fighting as her first language, without ever learning to talk. She later rebelled against her father and became Batgirl during No Man's Land following Barbara Gordon and Helena Bertinelli. She later adopted the alias Black Bat, as a member of Batman Incorporated, and Orphan, a name previously used by her father, before returning to Batgirl during Joker War. She has been a member of Justice League Elite, the League of Assassins, the Outsiders, Deathstroke's Titans East, Young Justice, the Gotham Knights and Birds of Prey.

"Cassandra Cain" was created by Kelley Puckett and Damion Scott, first appearing in "Batman" #567 (1999).

Belal Jadallah

Belal Jadallah (Arabic: بلال جادالله; May 1, 1978 – November 19, 2023) was a Palestinian journalist born in Gaza City. He served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and General Director of the Press House Foundation in Gaza.

In 2014, Jadallah founded Press House-Palestine, a Gazan non-profit organization focused on freedom of the press and journalism education. Jadallah and his organization were influential to many Gazan journalists, and Jadallah was described as the "godfather of Palestinian journalists".
He was killed on November 19, 2023, by an air strike carried out by the Israeli Air Force on his car while he was on his way to the south of Gaza City, during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war. According to his family, Jadallah's brother-in-law, Abdulkareem Abed, was also seriously injured in the attack.

Dąbrowa Tarnowska

Dąbrowa Tarnowska is a town in Lesser Poland Voivodeship in Poland. It is about north of Tarnów. It is the capital of Dąbrowa County. In 2021, 11,828 people lived there.

Dąbrowa Tarnowska was first mentioned as a parish village in 1326. It has had town rights since 1693.

Zgierz

Zgierz is a town in Łódź Voivodeship in central Poland. In 2021, 54,974 people lived there. Its area is 42.33 km². It is on the river Bzura.

Zgierz is one of the oldest cities in central Poland. It was first mentioned in 1231. It bought its town rights before 1288.


Sin Egen Motståndare

Sin Egen Motståndare (also known as Sin egen motståndare, translated as One's own enemy) is the first full length album by Swedish punk band Totalitär released by Finn Records in 1994 on CD. Most songs were recorded in 1994 in Studio D-Takt, but the 17th and 18th track were recorded in 1987 in Forsa Studio. It was the first full length album the band ever recorded. It has had many reissues under American record label Prank.

The album was written as a response to the rampant numbers of white power and Neo-Nazi bands in Sweden. So the band made the album to make it clear they were against that scene.

Frosta, Norway

Frosta is a municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway. In 2022, 2,608 people lived there.


Flatanger

Flatanger is a municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway. In 2022, 1,101 people lived there.


Doshisha Women's College of Liberal Arts

Holtålen

Holtålen is a municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway. In 2022, 1,953 people lived there.


Novomykhailivka

Novomykhailivka can be some places in Ukraine:










Soisy-sur-École

Soisy-sur-École is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Soisy-sur-Seine

Soisy-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Souzy-la-Briche

Souzy-la-Briche is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Tigery

Tigery is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Torfou, Essonne

Torfou is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Valpuiseaux

Valpuiseaux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Le Val-Saint-Germain

Le Val-Saint-Germain is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Varennes-Jarcy

Varennes-Jarcy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Vaugrigneuse

Vaugrigneuse is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Vauhallan

Vauhallan is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Vayres-sur-Essonne

Vayres-sur-Essonne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Verrières-le-Buisson

Verrières-le-Buisson is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Vert-le-Grand

Vert-le-Grand is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Vert-le-Grand is twinned with:

Vert-le-Petit

Vert-le-Petit is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Videlles

Videlles is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Villabé

Villabé is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Villeconin

Villeconin is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Villejust

Villejust is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Villemoisson-sur-Orge

Villemoisson-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Villiers-le-Bâcle

Villiers-le-Bâcle is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Villiers-sur-Orge

Villiers-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Wissous

Wissous is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Wingham, Kent

Wingham is a village and civil parish in Dover District, Kent, England. In 2011, there were 1,775 people living in Wingham. It has a church called St Mary's.

Wingham is twinned with:

Aguts

Aguts is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Albine

Albine is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Algans

Algans is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saclay

Saclay is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Ashok Leyland

Ashok Leyland is an Indian automobile manufacturing company specializing in commercial vehicles. It was founded in 1948 as Ashok Motors which became Ashok Leyland in the year 1955 after collaboration with British Leyland. The company was founded in 1948 and is headquartered in Chennai, India. It is a part of the Hinduja Group conglomerate. Initially, Ashok Leyland was started as Ashok Motors, a small manufacturer of Austin cars under license. Over the years, the company has grown and diversified its portfolio. Currently, Ashok Leyland is the second-largest manufacturer of commercial vehicles in India and the fourth-largest bus manufacturer globally. The company offers a wide range of products and services, including buses, trucks, defense vehicles, power solutions, and spare parts. The company has established subsidiaries and joint ventures in various countries, including the UK, UAE, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, and Kenya.

Current range

JanBus is the world's first single step front engine bus introduced by Ashok Leyland.


Ashok Leyland MiTR (or MiTR) is a Minibus manufactured by Ashok Leyland in Joint venture with Nissan. The vehicle was unveiled in January 2014 during the 12th Auto Expo 2014 and was launched in July 2014.


In 1968, production of the Leyland Titan ceased in Britain but was restarted by Ashok Leyland in India. The Titan PD3 chassis was modified, and a five-speed heavy duty constant-mesh gearbox was used together with the Ashok Leyland version of the O.680 engine. The Ashok Leyland Titan continued in production for many years.

Former range


Early products included the Leyland Comet bus which was a passenger body built on a truck chassis sold in large numbers to many operators in India. By 1963, the Comet was operated by every state transport undertaking in India, and over 8,000 were in service. It was soon joined in production by a version of the Leyland Tiger.


Current range

Boss is an intermediate commercial vehicle launched by Ashok Leyland. It is available in the range of 11T to 18.5T. The presently available models are:

Former range

Current range


The Dost is a 1.25 ton light commercial vehicle (LCV) that is the first product to be launched by the Indian-Japanese commercial vehicle joint venture Ashok Leyland Nissan Vehicles. Dost is powered by a 58 hp high-torque, 3-cylinder, turbo-charged common rail diesel engine and has a payload capacity of 1.25 tonnes. It is available in both BS3 and BS4 versions. The bodywork and some of the underpinnings relate to Nissan's C22 Vanette of the 1980s; this is most visible in the door design. The LCV is produced in Ashok Leyland's Hosur plant in Tamil Nadu. The LCV is available in three versions. With the launch of Dost Ashok Leyland has now entered the Light Commercial Vehicle segment in India


Former range

Stile
STiLE is a multi-purpose vehicle which was manufactured by Ashok Leyland. The vehicle was unveiled during the 2012 Auto Expo and was launched in July 2013. STiLE was marketed as a "multi-purpose vehicle" for use as a hotel shuttle, taxi, ambulance, and panel van, and in courier service. In May 2015, Ashok Leyland stopped production due to low demand.

Diesel Generators

Ashok Leyland offers Diesel Generators manufactured with Ashok Leyland engines and Leypower alternators. Currently they manufacture 5 to 2250 kVA Silent DG Sets.
Manchu alphabet

The Manchu alphabet is used to write the endangered Manchu language. The Xibe people also use a similar script, called Xibe script, which is considered either a dialect of Manchu or a closely related language. This alphabet is written vertically from top to bottom, with columns going from left to right.

In the 1800s, there were three ways to write Manchu: standard writing, semi-cursive writing , and cursive writing. The semi-cursive writing had letters closer together, while cursive writing had rounded tails.

The Manchu alphabet was also used to write Chinese. For example, a book called "Manchu: a Textbook for Reading Documents" shows how Chinese sounds are written in Manchu letters. This helps the Xibe language borrow some words. Some books have Chinese words written with Manchu letters. The Manchu versions of the Thousand Character Classic and Dream of the Red Chamber are just Manchu writings of all the Chinese letters.

In a book made by the Qianlong Emperor, the Manchu alphabet is used for Evenki (Solon) words. In another book, also made by the Qianlong Emperor, the Manchu alphabet is used to write down Tibetan and Chagatai (related to Uyghur) words.

Limão

Limão is one of 96 districts in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.

Alif Dhaal Atoll

Alifu Dhaalu Atoll (also known as Southern Ari Atoll or Ari Atholhu Dhekunuburi) is an administrative division of the Maldives.

Astrid Johanna Grents

Astrid Johanna Grents (born 14 May 1998) is an Estonian Muay Thai martial artist.

She competed at the 2022 IFMA World Muaythai Championships finishing third, and 2023 European Games winning a gold medal in the Women's 60 kg class.

Augustus, Grand Duke of Oldenburg

Augustus I or Paul Frederick Augustus () (13 July 178327 February 1853) was the reigning Grand Duke of Oldenburg from 1829 to 1853.
Grand Duke of Baden

Baden was an Imperial Estate of the Holy Roman Empire and later one of the German states along the frontier with France, primarily consisting of territory along the right bank of the Rhine, opposite Alsace and the Palatinate.

Camille Droguet

Camille Droguet (born 15 June 1999.) is a French 3x3 basketball player.

She competed at the 2022 Mediterranean Games, wining a silver medal. She competed at the 2022 FIBA 3x3 Nations League, and 2022 FIBA 3x3 U23 World Cup. 

She plays for Lyon ASVEL, and Tarbes.

Roger Ducos

Pierre Roger Ducos (25 July 174716 March 1816), better known as Roger Ducos, was a French political figure during the Revolution and First Empire, a member of the National Convention, and of the Directory.

Rulers of Hesse

This is a list of monarchs of Hesse () during the history of Hesse on west-central Germany. These monarchs belonged to a dynasty collectively known as the House of Hesse and the House of Brabant, originally the Reginar. Hesse was ruled as a landgraviate, electorate and later as a grand duchy until 1918.

The title of all of the following monarchs was "landgrave" () unless otherwise noted.

Friedrich Wilhelm I, the former Elector, titular Landgrave 1866–75 (1802–1875)



Floor area

Gross floor area (GFA) in real estate is the total floor area inside the building envelope, including the external walls, and excluding the roof.

Definitions of GFA, including which areas are to be counted towards it and which areas aren't, vary around the world. Adding to this confusion is the practice among some developers to use gross leasable area (GLA) and GFA interchangeably, or to use GFA as GLA, even though GLA usually excludes corridors and other public areas inside the development, while both figures include areas occupied by structure, like walls and columns.

List of governors-general of India

The history of the office of the Governor of Bengal dates back to 1644, when Gabriel Boughton procured privileges for the East India Company which permitted them to build a factory at Hughli, without fortifications. Various chief agents, governors and presidents were appointed to look after company affairs in the Bay of Bengal. In 1773, Warren Hastings was appointed as the first Governor General of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal following the enactment of the East India Company Act of 1772. 

The Regulating Act of 1773 replaced the office of the Governor of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal with Governor-General of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal. The office of the Governor of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal was restored in 1833.

Piotr Piątek

Piotr Piątek (born 17 February 1982) is an archer from Poland. Piątek competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Jan Popowicz

Jan Popowicz (born 5 January 1948) is a Polish archer. Popowicz competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Jacek Proć

Jacek Proć (born 9 September 1981) is an archer from Poland. Proć competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Małgorzata Sobieraj

Małgorzata Sobieraj (born 16 October 1982) is a Polish archer. Sobieraj competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Philautus umbra

The pinnacle bubble-nest frog ("Philautus umbra") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. Scientists think it might also live in Brunei. People have seen it between 900 and 1300 meters above sea level on Gunung Api.

This frog lives in forests that are not on mountains, in places where there is karst rock in the ground. The male frog sits about 2 m over the ground. This frog hatches out of its egg as a small frog. It never swims as a tadpole.

Faora

Faora is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was a Kryptonian serial killer notorious for her hatred of men and an antagonist to Superman. She was captured and sentenced to life imprisonment, surviving the destruction of Krypton in the Phantom Zone. Her closest partners among the Phantom Zoners became General Zod and Jax-Ur. The name Faora was also used by an agent of the second General Zod in Pokolistan.

"Faora" was created by Cary Bates and Curt Swan, first appearing in "Action Comics" #471 (1977).

Faora appears in the television series "Smallville", portrayed by Erica Durance and Sharon Taylor. Faora appeared in the DC Extended Universe movies "Man of Steel" (2013) and "The Flash" (2023), portrayed by Antje Traue.

Ursa (DC Comics)

Ursa is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is a Kryptonian super-villain who works with General Zod and Non. They were banished to the Phantom Zone for war crimes, allowing them to survive the destruction of Krypton. Eventually they escaped from their prison and tried to enslave humanity, making them enemies to Superman. Her child with Zod is Lor-Zod, raised by Superman as "Chris Kent" to become the hero Nightwing. She has been a member of the Kryptonian Military Guild and the Phantom Zoners.

Ursa was created by Richard Donner, first appearing in his movie "Superman" (1978), "Superman II" (1980), and in the director's cut "" (2006) portrayed by Sarah Douglas. Geoff Johns later adapted her into the DC Universe in "Action Comics" #845 (2007).

Atom (Al Pratt)

Al Pratt is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was the first superhero to call himself the Atom, later succeeded by Ray Palmer. Originally a Calvin College student taking the name because of his diminutive stature, he was an incredible physical combatant despite his appearance and later gained superhuman strength. His son Damage was conceived with his wife Mary Pratt, and his godson later became his successor as Atom Smasher. He was a founding member of the Justice Society of America and the All-Star Squadron. "Al Pratt" was created by Bill O'Connor and Ben Flinton, first appearing in "All-American Comics" #19. (1940)

Atom (Ray Palmer)

Ray Palmer is a superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is the second super-hero to call himself the Atom, successor to Al Pratt. Originally a physics professor working at Ivy University, he develops equipment to shrink himself to subatomic levels using white dwarf star material. His wife is Jean Loring, and he is frequently partnered with his closest friend Hawkman. Palmer would have multiple successors some of whom he has worked alongside, including Adam Cray and Ryan Choi. He has been a member of the Justice League of America, Suicide Squad, Teen Titans and Indigo Tribe.

Ray Palmer was created by Gardner Fox and Gil Kane, first appearing in "Showcase" #34 (1961).

In the CW's "Arrowverse", the character of Ray Palmer is portrayed by Brandon Routh. The character is a part of the Legends of Tomorrow. Routh has also played Superman in "Superman Returns" and voiced David "Hesh" Walker in "".

Atom (Adam Cray)

Adam Cray is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is the second Atom, replacing Ray Palmer who was engaged in an undercover mission against the Micro Squad. Cray impersonated Palmer and even took his civilian name, as Palmer had a public hero career. Cray was a member of the Suicide Squad, mainly as a secret weapon. He is the son of Senator Joseph Cray, a disgraced politician who was killed by Deadshot.

Adam Cray was created by John Ostrander and Luke McDonnell, first appearing in "Suicide Squad" #44 (1990).

Atom (Ryan Choi)

Ryan Choi is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is the fourth super-hero to call himself the Atom, an Asian-American physics professor with the ability to shrink himself to subatomic levels. The protégé and later partner of his predecessor Ray Palmer, he was born in Hong Kong although later began teaching at Ivy University. He has been involved with the Justice League, Lighter Than Air Society and Challengers from Beyond.

Ryan Choi was created by Grant Morrison and Gail Simone using a costume designed by Gil Kane, first appearing in "Brave New World" #1 (2006).

Muslim Ghosi

The Ghosi are a Muslim community found mainly in North India. The meaning of Ghosi (Sanskrit "ghosa", root "ghush") is "to shout" as he herds his cattle. They are associated with the occupation cattle rearing and the selling of milk. According to ethnographies written by British civil servants such as H.A. Rose and Denzil Ibbetson, the Ghosi are Hindu Ahirs converted to Islam. Also Crook remarks that most of the Ghosi's are Ahirs who were converted to Islam and are said to rank below ordinary Ahirs. Edward Albert Gait stats that Ghosi and Gaddi are branches of Mohammadan Ahirs are chiefly occupied in pasturing cattle. A small number of Ghosi are also found in the Punjab province of Pakistan.

The Ghosis claim descent from the Ahir community, and indeed are known as Muslim Ahirs.

Happiness Is a Warm Gun

"Happiness Is a Warm Gun" is a 1968 song by The Beatles and is the eighth track from their ninth studio and double album "The Beatles". It was written and sung by John Lennon and is credited to Lennon-McCartney. It was banned by the BBC and was covered by U2, Phish, World Party, The Breeders and Tori Amos.

Lilly, Do You Want to Know a Secret?

"Lilly, Do You Want to Know a Secret?" is the first episode of "Hannah Montana". It is where Miley Stewart, played by Miley Cyrus, tells her best friend Lilly that she is Hannah Montana, a teen pop star

Inventing the Abbotts

Inventing the Abbotts is a 1997 American romantic drama movie directed by Pat O'Connor and was based on the short story of the same name by Sue Miller. It stars Liv Tyler, Jennifer Connelly, Joaquin Phoenix, Billy Crudup, Will Patton, Kathy Baker, Joanna Going and Michael Keaton. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Pedra Bonita

Pedra Bonita is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion of Zona da Mata and to the microregion of Manhuaçu. As of 2020, the estimated population was 7,128.[1]

See See Rider

"See See Rider Blues" also known as "Easy Rider" is a 1924 blues song by Ma Rainey at Paramount Records studios. It was recorded as a traditional blues standard lyrics and was covered by Lead Belly, Chuck Willis, LaVern Baker, Elvis Presley, The Animals, Eric Burdon and Old Crow Medicine Show. It was received a Grammy Hall of Fame Award in 2004.

Leon Schlumpf

Leon Schlumpf (3 February 1925 – 7 July 2012) was a Swiss politician. He was born in Felsberg.

Schlumpf was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 5 December 1979. He retired on 31 December 1987. He was a member of the Swiss People's Party (SVP).

During his time in office he held the Federal Department of Transport, Communications and Energy and was President of the Confederation in 1984.

He is the father of Eveline Widmer-Schlumpf, who was also elected to the Federal Council on 12 December 2007. Her became the President of the Swiss Confederation in 2012.

Schlumpf died on 7 July 2012 in the cantonal hospital of Graubünden in Chur, aged 87.


Nicholas Lambesis

Nicholas Lambesis is an American businessman, known as the founder and chairman of The Lambesis Agency.

Nicholas received his Bachelor of Arts from University of Minnesota and Master's degree in Humanities and English Literature from Arizona State University in 1972.

Lambesis founded a branding agency named, The Lambesis Agency in 1987. He has served as the chairman of the company from 1987 till it's closure in 2019. Some of the notable clients of the company include Coca-Cola, Airwalk Footwear, Tacori, Bebe and Campari.

Since 2020, Lambesis has been serving as the managing partner at California-based marketing agency, Tipping Point Inc. The company name is based on Malcolm Gladwell's best-selling book, "The Tipping Point".

Fools of Fortune

Fools of Fortune is a 1990 Irish romantic drama movie directed by Pat O'Connor and was based on the 1983 novel of the same name by William Trevor. It stars Iain Glen, Sean T. McClory, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Julie Christie, Amy Hastings and Michael Kitchen.

Circle of Friends (1995 movie)

Circle of Friends is a 1995 Irish British American drama movie directed by Pat O'Connor and was based on the 1990 novel of the same name by Maeve Binchy. It stars Chris O'Donnell, Minnie Driver, Geraldine O'Rawe, Saffron Burrows, Colin Firth, Alan Cumming and was a box office success.


Almayrac

Almayrac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Alos, Tarn

Alos is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Amarens

Amarens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Ambialet

Ambialet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Ambres

Ambres is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Andillac

Andillac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Andouque

Andouque is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Anglès, Tarn

Anglès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Appelle

Appelle is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Arfons

Arfons is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Omar Abu Shawish

Omar Fares Abu Shawish (Arabic: عمر فارس ابو شاويش) (March 1987 – 7 October 2023) was a Palestinian poet, journalist and novelist. He also wrote a number of patriotic and humanitarian songs, which spread widely during the war on Gaza in 2008. He was killed in Nuseirat Camp by an Israeli airstrike in the 2023 Israel–Hamas war.
Omar was born in the Nuseirat camp on March 22, 1987. His family origins go back to the village of Barqa, which Israel occupied during the Barak operation in May 1948. He studied in the schools of the Nuseirat camp, and obtained a bachelor’s degree of Journalism from Al-Azhar University in Gaza Strip. His father, Faris Abu Shawish, is a well-known athlete who has held several positions in the Palestinian Football Association.
He was killed on October 7, 2023 during an air strike carried out by the Israeli Air Force on the Gaza Strip, during the Israeli response to Operation Al-Aqsa Flood. The Palestinian Ministry of Culture and the General Union of Palestinian Writers and Journalists mourned him by publishing letters bidding him farewell and offering sincere condolences to his family.

Storm Pia

Storm Pia was a powerful windstorm that affected Northwest Europe in December 2023. Storm Pia was named by the Danish Meteorological Institute. 

At Schiphol Airport more than 200 flights were cancelled due to the storm. 

Many ferries, trains and flights were cancelled, and many bridges were closed.
Roads had to be cleared from fallen trees and overturned lorries. And many households were left without power due to downed power lines. 

In the Netherlands multiple coastal places flooded due to high tides caused by a storm surge.

Parts of Germany also experienced flooding.

2024 Taiwan presidential election

The 16th President and Vice President election of the Republic of China () took place on Taiwan on 13 January 2024. Voters elected the President and Vice President.

There are three groups of nominees in this election. According to their registration numbers, they are Party Chairman Ko Wen-je(Chinese: 柯文哲) and non-district legislator(Chinese: 不分區立委) Cynthia Wu/Wu Hsin-ying(Chinese: 吳欣盈 ) (commonly known as "Ko-Wu Mates（柯吳配）" or "Ko-Ying Mates（柯盈配）") recommended by the Taiwan People's Party(TPP), and Vice President and Party Chairman William Lai/Lai Ching-te(Chinese: 賴清德 ) and former Representative to the United States Hsiao Bi-khim(Chinese: 蕭美琴) (commonly known as "Lai-Hsiao Mates（賴蕭配）" or "Bi-Te Mates('Viture Mates')（美德配）") recommended by the Democratic Progressive Party(DPP), as well as Mayor of New Taipei City Hou Yu-ih(Chinese: 侯友宜) and Broadcasting Corporation of China Chairman Jaw Shaw-kong(Chinese: 趙少康) (commonly known as "Hou-Jaw Mates（侯趙配）"or "Hou-Kong Mates（侯康配）" ) recommended by the Chinese Kuomintang(KMT).

William Lai finally won the presidential election as Vice President. This election set a lot of historical records. It was the first presidential election since 2000 in which no nominee received more than half of the votes. It was also the first time since direct elections that a nominne from the same political party was elected for the third time continuously, breaking the previous precedent of political parties rotating every eight years.

Terry Gou, founder and CEO of Foxconn, and artist Lai Pei-hsia officially launched a citizen petition on September 17, 2023, as independent nominees for president and vice president, and passed the signature threshold on November 14 to obtain the qualifications to register for the election. However, On the 24th of the same month, they jointly announced their withdrawal from the candidacy. They were the first group of co-signatories to pass the co-signatory threshold but not register to run since the Republic of China switched to direct citizen election for the president.

Musée d'histoire urbaine et sociale de Suresnes

The Musée d'histoire urbaine et sociale de Suresnes is a museum located in Suresnes. It is dedicated to the evolution of the city, specially on the social urban planning of the 1920s and 1930s.


Ramón Puello

Ramón Puello (born 25 August 1946) is a Dominican Republic boxer. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

José Saizozema

José Saizozema (born 30 November 1965) is a Dominican Republic boxer. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Zoltán Halász

Zoltán Halász (23 June 1960 – 9 August 2022) was a Hungarian cyclist. He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Halász died on 9 August 2022 in Szekszárd, Hungary at the age of 62.

Szekszárd

Szekszárd (; or ) is a city in southern Hungary. It is the capital of Tolna County. Szekszárd is the smallest county capital in Hungary by population. It is also the second-smallest county capital in Hungary by area (after Tatabánya).


Sajóörös

Sajóörös is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northeastern Hungary.

Pochonbo Electronic Ensemble

The Pochonbo Electronic Ensemble is an orchestra in North Korea. It is famous for performing revolutionary and folk songs, and is one of the most famous groups in North Korea.

On June 4, 1985, the group was founded from the electronic music section of the Mansudae Art Troupe, becoming North Korea's first electronic pop group. Its name comes from the Battle of Pochonbo, when a guerrilla unit led by Kim Il-sung attacked compounds used by Japanese occupiers in Pochonbo on June 4, 1937.

The Pochonbo Electronic Ensemble can be heard on North Korean radio stations. 182 volumes were released, of which volumes 13-16 were released again in the 1990s.


Doctors (2000 TV series)

Doctors is a British medical soap opera, first broadcast on BBC One on 26 March 2000. Filmed in Birmingham and set in the fictional West Midlands town of Letherbridge, the soap follows the lives of the staff of both an NHS doctor's surgery and a university campus surgery, as well as the lives of their families and friends. 

In October 2023, the BBC announced that "Doctors" had been cancelled due to financing issues and that the final episode would air in December 2024.


Ylämaa

Ylämaa is a former municipality in South Karelia, Finland. It was merged with Lappeenranta on 1 January 2010.

As of 31 December 2009, 1,408 people lived there. It has an area of . Of that, is water.

There is a strong concentration of the spectrolite in Ylämaa, which is known for its gemstones and minerals.


Urjala

Urjala is a municipality in Pirkanmaa, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 4,581 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Akaa, Forssa, Humppila, Hämeenlinna, Punkalaidun, Sastamala, Tammela and Vesilahti.


Punkalaidun

Punkalaidun is a municipality in Pirkanmaa, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 2,646 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Huittinen, Humppila, Loimaa, Urjala and Sastamala.


Charmwood, Missouri

Charmwood is a village in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Leslie, Missouri

Leslie is a village in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Miramiguoa Park, Missouri

Miramiguoa Park is a village in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Oak Grove Village, Missouri

Oak Grove Village is a village in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Parkway, Missouri

Parkway is a village in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Philautus leitensis

The Leyte bubble-nest frog ("Philautus leitensis") is a type of frog. It lives in the Philippines. It lives in Leyte, Behol, and a few other places. It lives in forests on mountains, not near the ocean.

This frog has a pointy nose. The breathing holes are near the end of the nose. They are not near the eyes. There is no webbed skin on the front feet. There is webbed skin on th eback feet. There is brown color on the lower sides of the legs.

Like other frogs in "Philautus", this frog hatches from eggs as small froglets. It never swims as a tadpole.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities, to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with.

Philautus petersi

Peters' bubble-nest frog or Peter's bush frog ("Philautus petersi") is a frog. It is found in Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, and maybe Brunei.

1. FC Heidenheim

1. FC Heidenheim 1846, commonly called FC Heidenheim or just Heidenheim, is a German professional football club based in Heidenheim an der Brenz, Baden-Württemberg. The club currently plays in the Bundesliga.

Anambra State Children's Parliament

Anambra State Children's Parliament is a Non-governmental organization in Anambra State, Nigeria. It was founded in 2005.

The parliament is made up of members from the 21 local government area of the state. They work under the ministry of Women Affairs and Social Development, Awka.
The organisation is known to pass a resolution to the governor for the children of Anambra State. In 2022, the parliament passed a resolution to Charles Chukwuma Soludo to implement "Child's Right Law" in the State.
In 2023, they also advocated for the girl child education in South East of Nigeria.
They also passed a resolution for a strong media campaign against child abuse, child marriage amongst children in Anambra State.

The organization is under the Anambra State Ministry of Women Affairs and Social development.
The 7th Assembly was under the administration of Willie Obiano and Mrs Ndidi Mezue, the Commissioner for Social Welfare, Children and Women’s Affairs in 2018. The elected speaker was Faustina Mary Okoye.

The 8th Assembly was held under the administration of Charles Chukwuma Soludo and Ify Obinabo, the state Commissioner for women Affairs and Social Development. Israel Udekwe was elected into office in 2022 by Hon. Nonso Smart Okafor who is a member representing Nnewi North Constituency in Anambra State House of Assembly.


Legion of Doom

The Legion of Doom is a team of super-villains and enemies to the Super Friends. They plan evil schemes from their swampy base in the Hall of Doom. There have also been several versions of this team in the DC Comics universe. Brainwave created a Legion of Doom to fight Extreme Justice and Superboy-Prime assembled one to fight the Teen Titans.

The Legion of Doom was created by Jeffrey Scott, first appearing in "Challenge of the Super Friends" episode Wanted: The Super Friends. (1978)

Bryansk school shooting

On December 7, 2023, a mass shooting happened at the Bryansk school in Bryansk, Russia. One student was killed and five others were badly hurt before the shooter killed herself. The shooter was 14-year-old Alina Afanaskina.

Christ the King College, Onitsha

Christ the King College, Onitsha popularly known as Amaka Boys is a private mission/government owned secondary school in Onitsha.
It was founded in 2nd February, 1933 by Charles Heerey, the then late Archbishop of Onitsha.

Shortened as CKC, it is one of the oldest schools in Nigeria with surrounding Schools like Queen of the Rosary College, Onitsha, Mater Amabilis, Ado Girls, Regina Pacis Model School, Dennis Memorial Grammar School.
The school's proprietor is Valerian Okeke, Archbishop of Onitsha. The school is being managed by Rev. Fr. Celestine Arinze Okafor.


Secret Six (comics)

Secret Six is a name that has been used by several teams in the DC Comics universe. The original version was a group of adventurers blackmailed into working together by their mysterious leader Mockingbird. "Villains United" introduced a new version of this team entirely consisting of super-villains. This team was put together by Lex Luthor posing as Mockingbird to take down the Secret Society of Super-Villains, and they used the House of Secrets as their base. The original "Secret Six" was created by E. Nelson Bridwell and Frank Springer, first appearing in "Secret Six" #1. (1968) The villain team was created by Gail Simone, first appearing in "Villains United" #1. (2005) An earlier version predating the others appeared in "Doll Man" #36. (1951)

Norman Osborn

Norman Osborn, also known as the Green Goblin, Iron Patriot, Super-Adaptoid, Red Goblin, and currently Gold Goblin, is one of the main antagonists of Marvel Comics, commonly as the main antagonist of the "Spider-Man" franchise and as a major antagonist in the "Avengers" comics.

He is the former head of the multinational corporation Oscorp and father of Harry Osborn, who became the first and most well known incarnation of the Green Goblin after ingesting a serum that increased his physical abilities yet in the process drove him to insanity.

He is widely recognized as Spider-Man's greatest, most persistent and most personal arch-nemesis, even more so than Doctor Octopus and Venom, having been responsible for more hardship and grief in the hero's life than any of his other villains (most notably the murder of Gwen Stacy; the first woman he ever truly loved). He is the main antagonist of several story arcs such as "The Night Gwen Stacy Died", "Go Down Swinging", "Superior-Spider-Man" and the "Clone Saga".

Despite his status as Spider-Man's arch-nemesis, Norman has also made various appearances antagonizing other heroes such as the Avengers as well, even serving as the villainous protagonist of the company-wide "Dark Reign" storyline. He is also set to play a major role in the upcoming "Dark Web" event.

The character has been in various top villain lists as one of Spider-Man's greatest enemies and one of the greatest comic book villains of all time. The character's popularity has seen him appear on a variety of merchandise, inspire real-world structures (such as theme park attractions) and be referenced in a number of media. He has been adapted to serve as Spider-Man's adversary in live-action, animated, and video game incarnations. Willem Dafoe played the character in Sam Raimi's "Spider-Man" movie trilogy and reprised the role in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "" (2021), while Chris Cooper played the character in the movie "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" (2014).

Black Widow (Claire Voyant)

Claire Voyant is the first Black Widow in the Marvel Comics universe. She was one of the superheroes who fought in World War II. Created by writer George Kapitan and artist Harry Sahle, the character first appeared in "Mystic Comics" #4 (August 1940), published by Marvel predecessor Timely Comics.

Claire was a spirit medium who communicated with the dead. She was possessed by Satan while having a seance with the Wagler family. During the seance a curse was place on the family then died in a car crash. One of the survivors James Wagler went to Claire's apartment and shot her in her apartment.

Her soul went to hell Satan gives Claire mystical powers and sends back to earth to avenge her death. After killing James Wagler Claire became tasked to kill evil men and send their souls to hell.

LGBT rights in Russia

In the Russian Federation, same-gender sexual activities are legal. Pro-LGBT advocacy are classified for being extremist. Also, most of Russia's population are not tolerant of homosexuality. Promoting homosexuality in the country is also illegal and is punishable by prison with torture up to the death penalty.

Russia does not provide any anti-discrimination for those of whom are LGBT. In fact Russia has long had views of homosexuality which are very negative and condemning. On November 30, 2023 the Russian government banned the LGBT community from protesting and spreading activism of the LGBT movement within the country.

Cletus Kasady

Cletus Cortland Kasady, better known as Carnage, is one of the main antagonists in the Marvel Comics universe, serving as a major antagonist in the "Spider-Man" comic series and the secondary antagonist of the "Venom" comic book series as a whole. He is also the titular protagonist of his own series. Created by writer David Michelinie and artist Erik Larsen, the character first appeared in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #344 (March 1991).

He is a deranged serial killer who bonded with a symbiote, turning him into a vicious supervillain. He is the spawn and one of the arch-enemies of Venom, as well as a major enemy of Spider-Man.

Since his original introduction in comics, the character has been adapted into several other forms of media, such as television series and video games. Woody Harrelson portrays Cletus Kasady in the live-action Sony's Spider-Man Universe (SSU) movies "Venom" (2018) and "" (2021), bonding with Carnage in the latter movie. In 2009, the Cletus Kasady version of Carnage was ranked as IGN's 90th-greatest comic book villain of all time.

Taiwanese Hokkien

Taiwanese Hokkien or Taiwanese Minnan (臺灣閩南語), also known as Taigi or Taiwanese, is a type of Hokkien language spoken in Taiwan. Many Taiwanese people who came from southern Fujian speak it. It's one of the major languages used in Taiwan as about 70% of Taiwanese people speak it.

Taiwanese is similar to Amoy Hokkien, Quanzhou Hokkien, and Zhangzhou Hokkien, as well as their versions in Southeast Asia like Singaporean Hokkien and Philippine Hokkien. It's easy to understand for about 3 million people, including those who speak Amoy Hokkien and Zhangzhou Hokkien in mainland China and Philippine Hokkien in the south. The popularity of Hokkien media from Taiwan has made the Taiwanese version more well-known, especially since the 1980s.

Taiwanese Hokkien is a type of Hokkien, which is a Southern Min language. Like many Min varieties, it has different types of words for formal and informal use. The formal words are from the late Tang dynasty and can be related to Middle Chinese. The informal words are believed to have come from the mainstream of Chinese around the time of the Han dynasty.

The variations within the Taiwanese variant come from Hokkien spoken in Southern Fujian, particularly from Quanzhou and Zhangzhou, and later Amoy. Taiwanese also has words from Japanese and the native Formosan languages. Some scholars claim that part of the basic vocabulary of colloquial Taiwanese is related to the Austronesian and Tai language families, but this is debated.

The formal Hokkien language once thrived in Fujian and was brought to Taiwan by early immigrants. Tale of the Lychee Mirror, a series of plays published in 1566, is one of the earliest known works in this language. However, this form of language is mostly extinct now.

Captain America: Brave New World

Captain America: Brave New World is an upcoming movie directed by Julius Onah. It is produced by Marvel Studios and set to be released on February 12, 2025.

Hela (character)

Hela is the Asgardian goddess of death in the Marvel Comics universe and an enemy of Thor. She is the daughter of the Asgardian god of mischief Loki and a Frost Giantess with magical powers named Angerboda, and was set by Odin at her birth to rule Hel and Niffleheim, the Asgardian afterlife regions.

She serves as the main antagonist of the "Avengers Prime" Mini-series, the seven issue series "Angela: Queen of Hel", and as one of the main antagonists in the 2019 "Guadians of the Galaxy".

She is based on the ancient Norse goddess of the same name.

She was created by the late Stan Lee and the late Jack Kirby, and first appeared in "Journey into Mystery #102" in March 1964.

Hela made her live-action debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "" (2017), portrayed by Cate Blanchett.

Happy Hogan (character)

Harold Joseph "Happy" Hogan is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character is depicted usually as a supporting character in stories featuring Iron Man and is also the father of Teen Abomination.

Director Jon Favreau portrays the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "Iron Man" (2008), "Iron Man 2" (2010), "Iron Man 3" (2013), (2017), "" and "" (both 2019), and reprised his role in the third Spider-Man movie, "" (2021). Favreau also voices alternate reality versions of the character in the Disney+ animated series "What If...?" (2021).

Cimolichthys

Cimolichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish. It lived during the Upper Cretaceous.


Their bodies were covered by large, heavy scutes. Typical of this species are narrow lower jaws with several series of teeth. If "Cimolichthys" existed, it would look like the pikes we see in freshwater lakes.

You can find "Cimolichthys" fossils in Cretaceous strata of North America (Canada and United States) and Europe.




Timely Comics

Timely Comics is the 1940s comic book publishing company that would evolve into Marvel Comics. During this era, called the Golden Age, "Timely" was the umbrella name for the comics division of pulp magazine publisher Martin Goodman, whose business strategy involved having a multitude of corporate entities (including Red Circle Comics) all producing the same product. Timely was originally located in the McGraw-Hill Building on West 42nd Street in New York City, and later moved to the 14th floor of the Empire State Building.

Martin Goodman (publisher)

Martin Goodman (born as Moe Goodman, January 18, 1908 – June 6, 1992) was an American publisher of pulp magazines, paperback books, men's adventure magazines, and comic books. He launched the company that would become Marvel Comics. He was born in Brooklyn, New York City, New York, United States.
Atlas Comics

Atlas Comics was a comic book publishing company in the 1950s that evolved into Marvel Comics. Magazine and paperback-novel publisher Martin Goodman, whose business strategy involved having a multitude of corporate entities, used Atlas as the umbrella name for his comic-book division during this time. Atlas was located on the 14th floor of the Empire State Building. This company is distinct from the 1970s comic-book company, also founded by Goodman, that is generally known as Atlas/Seaboard Comics.

Long-finned pike

The long-finned pike or yellowfin pike ("Dinolestes lewini") is a species of perciform fish. It is the only member in the genus Dinolestes, as well as the family Dinolestidae.

It is an elongated, silver to yellowish-brown fish with a pointed snout. It probably resembles a short barracuda. It has large eyes and a large mouth with a slightly protruding lower jaw.

It grows up to 84 cm (33 in) in total length.

It's found in the coastal waters of southern Australia, including New South Wales, at depths between 5 and 65 m (16 and 213 ft).




2011–12 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2011-12 Red Bull Salzburg season brought the 7th title for Salzburg and the 4th since the Red Bull takeover. They won the cup for the first time in the club history.

African popular music

African popular music or Afropop is a subgenre of Afrobeats, a kind of music that people sing in West Africa.

Maria Szeliga

Maria Szeliga (born 8 November 1952) is a Polish archer. She competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Just Good Friends (song)

"Just Good Friends" is a 1987 song duet by Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder. It is the fifth track from Jackson's seventh studio album "Bad" and was the only track not the released as a single. It is the second track on the album to feature a duet including "I Just Can't Stop Loving You".

Linn, Missouri

Linn is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is the county seat of Osage County.

Bland, Missouri

Bland is a city in Gasconade and Osage counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Belle, Missouri

Belle is a city in Maries and Osage counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Vienna, Missouri

Vienna is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is the county seat of Maries County.

Wild Honey (U2 song)

"Wild Honey" is a 2000 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the seventh track from their 10th studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind" and has a more pop sounding to the album. It was played during the Elevation Tour. It was featured in the 2001 movie "Vanilla Sky".

Argyle, Missouri

Argyle is a village in Maries and Osage counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Chamois, Missouri

Chamois is a city in Osage County, Missouri, United States.

Meta, Missouri

Meta is a city in Osage County, Missouri, United States.

Manchester Gorton (UK Parliament constituency)

Manchester Gorton is a Manchester Parliamentary constituency in the British House of Commons. It was set up in 1885. The boundaries have been changed over the years. Since 1935 it has always had a Labour MP. Gerald Kaufman was the MP from 1983 until his death in 2017. Since 2017 the Member of parliament is Afzal Khan. 

There are seven wards of the City of Manchester in the constituency: Fallowfield, Gorton North, Gorton South, Levenshulme, Longsight, Rusholme and Whalley Range wards.

The Boundary Commission review in 2023 decided to abolish it. From the next General Election Gorton, Levenshulme and Longsight will be included with the town of Denton in a new constituency called Gorton and Denton. Fallowfield, Rusholme and Whalley Range will be part of the re-established constituency of Manchester Rusholme.

Westphalia, Missouri

Westphalia is a city in Osage County, Missouri, United States.

Freeburg, Missouri

Freeburg is a village in Osage County, Missouri, United States.

Catford

Catford is a district in South-East London. Its three "wards" (Bellingham, Catford South, and Rushey Green) are in the London Borough of Lewisham.

Catford covers most of SE6 postal district. The area is one of 35 major centres in Greater London. A river, the Ravensbourne, flows through it on its way towards the Thames.

Strong (Robbie Williams song)

"Strong" is a 1999 song by Robbie Williams and is the third single from his second studio album "I've Been Expecting You". It went to number 4 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 12 in Ireland, number 9 in New Zealand, number 15 in Poland, number 8 in Hungary, number 7 in Iceland and number 55 in the Netherlands.

UK CD single

UK cassette single

European CD single

Boundary Commission

There are four boundary commissions in the United Kingdom, one each for England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. They are are non-departmental public bodies. Their job is to decide the boundaries of constituencies for elections to the House of Commons. 

The Speaker of the House of Commons is officially chair of each of them. The Speaker does not play any part in the reviews. A High Court judge is appointed to each boundary commission as deputy chair.

The commissions report to parliament every eight years. 

The rules they follow are set out in the Parliamentary Constituencies Act 1986, as amended by the Parliamentary Voting System and Constituencies Act 2011 and the Parliamentary Constituencies Act 2020. There are 650 constituencies. 

Local authority areas and electoral areas are reviewed by the separate but similarly named:


Manchester Rusholme (UK Parliament constituency)

Manchester Rusholme was a parliamentary constituency centred on the Rusholme district of Manchester from 1918 to 1950. It returned one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, elected by the first past the post system.

The Boundary Commission review in 2023 decided to reinstate it. From the next General Election it will take in the City council wards of Fallowfield, Rusholme and Whalley Range, which were in Manchester Gorton and Ardwick, Hulme and Moss Side, which were in Manchester Central.

Afzal Khan (British politician)

Mohammed Afzal Khan, CBE (5 April 1958) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Manchester Gorton since 2017.

He was elected as councillor in Manchester in 2000 and was Lord Mayor of Manchester for 2005–2006. He was Member of the European Parliament for North West England from 2014 to 2017. He is Manchester's first Muslim MP, and the first Muslim Lord Mayor.

Khan was born in Jhelum and came to the UK when he was 11. After leaving school without qualifications, he had a number of jobs, including as a Greater Manchester Police constable, before returning to education and qualifying as a solicitor.

In 2023 he resigned from the frontbench to vote for a SNP motion demanding a ceasefire in Gaza.

Eva Lawler

Eva Dina Lawler is an Australian politician. She has served as the 13th and current Chief Minister of the Northern Territory and as leader of the Territory Labor Party since 21 December 2023, after Natasha Fyles resigned the day before. She has represented the seat of Drysdale in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly since 2016.

She used to serve as the Minister for Education, Treasurer and Minister for Infrastructure. Before she became a politician, Lawler worked as a school teacher and later as a school principal.

Manchester Central (UK Parliament constituency)

Manchester Central is a parliamentary constituency in Manchester created in 1974. Since 2012 it has been represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament by Lucy Powell of the Labour Party and Co-operative Party.

The boundaries have changed overtime. Since 2010 it is made up of the City of Manchester wards of Ancoats & Clayton, Bradford, City Centre, Hulme, Miles Platting & Newton Heath, and Moston. Ardwick, Hulme and Moss Side. Ardwick, Hulme and Moss Side are transferred to the new Manchester Rusholme (UK Parliament constituency) at the next General Election. Manchester Central will be made up of 

Rita Edochie

Rita Edochie (born 16 April 1964) is a Nigerian actress. She is the wife of Tony Edochie, the brother of Pete Edochie.

Hou Yu-ih

Hou Yu-ih (; born on 7 June 1957) is a Taiwanese politician. He is the Mayor of New Taipei. 

Taiwan People's Party

The Taiwan People's Party (TPP, ) is a Centre-left political party in Taiwan (Republic of China).


Dead link

A "dead link" is a internet link (otherwise called a 'hyperlink') or URL which no longer directs to anything or directs to something that doesn't exist. For example, the link 'https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/' does in fact exist, but https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/deed.simple does not. Or, for even better example, https://youtube.com/ does exist, however https://youtube.com/what_and_huh does not exist.

Revolutionary Insurgent Army of Ukraine

The Revolutionary Insurgent Army of Ukraine was an anarchist army that fought in the Russian Civil War. It was led by Nestor Makhno, its Commander-in-Chief.

Anarchist insurgents first came together in 1918, when Ukraine was invaded by the Central Powers. They beat the Austro-Hungarian Empire in battle and captured a lot of the south of Ukraine. They then joined the Red Army and fought against the White Army. But the insurgents disliked their Red Army commanders, the Bolsheviks.

In 1919, the White Army invaded Ukraine and the Red Army withdrew from the country. The Insurgent Army went west to escape the White offensive. The insurgents formed a truce with the nationalists led by Symon Petliura. They then fought back against the Whites and beat them in battle. By the end of 1919, the Insurgent Army took over most of the south and east of Ukraine.

In 1920, the Red Army invaded Ukraine and attacked the Insurgent Army. When the Whites attacked Ukraine again, the Red and Insurgent armies formed an alliance. The two attacked the Whites and beat them in Crimea. The Red Army then turned against the Insurgent Army again. The insurgents fought a guerrilla war against the Reds. By August 1921, the Insurgent Army was beaten. Nestor Makhno fled Ukraine.


Bellegarde, Tarn

Bellegarde is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Bellegarde-Marsal.

Marsal, Tarn

Marsal is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Bellegarde-Marsal.

Ferrières, Tarn

Ferrières is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Fontrieu.

2023 Chilean constitutional referendum

A constitutional referendum happened in Chile on 17 December 2023. The referendum was to see if the public liked a new constitution drafted by an appointed committee of experts and improved by an elected Constitutional Council. The new constitution was approved by the Council on 30 October and the referendum happened on 17 December.

The proposed constitution was rejected by a 12-point margin, with 56% of the voters voting against the constitution and 44% voting for it.

Bellegarde-Marsal

Bellegarde-Marsal is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Bellegarde (the seat) and Marsal.

Arifat

Arifat is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Arthès

Arthès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Assac

Assac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Aussac

Aussac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Aussillon

Aussillon is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Bannières

Bannières is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Beauvais-sur-Tescou

Beauvais-sur-Tescou is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Belcastel, Tarn

Belcastel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Belleserre

Belleserre is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Blan

Blan is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Berlats

Berlats is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Bernac, Tarn

Bernac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Bertre

Bertre is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Bez

Le Bez is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Blaye-les-Mines

Blaye-les-Mines is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Allamah Sayyid Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi

Sayyid Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi (also spelt Ehsanullah, (Arabic: السيد احسان الله شاه راشدي صاحب العلم الخامس), (Urdu: سید احسان اللہ شاہ راشدی پیر جھنڈہ پنجم); (Sindhi: سيد احسان الله شاهه راشدي پير سائين پنجون جھنڊي وارو), (13 January 1896 – 28 September 1939, or 1313H Rajab 27 – 1358H Shaban 15 in the Islamic calendar) was a spiritual leader and Islamic, Scholar, also commonly known as Pir of Jhando the Fifth, During the British Raj, he actively participated in the Khilafat Movement, leading his community and making significant contributions to social and political matters of Sindh

Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi was born on January 13, 1896, in Pir Jhando near Saeedabad Tehsil, Sindh. He was the younger son of Pir Rushidullah Shah Rashdi.
He studied at Madirsah Dar-ul-Rashad, established by his father 

He learned from various influential teachers, including Muhammad Amin Matoor, Obaidullah Sindhi, Muhammad Laghari, Ilahi Bakhsh Riyasti of Bahawalpur, Ahmad Ali Lahori, and Muhammad Akram Ansari.

After his father's passing in 1923, he was chosen to lead the family and the community (known as 'jamaat') as their spiritual leader. He engaged in studying works on interpretation (tafsir), traditions (hadith), Al-Kamal fi Asma' al-Rijal, history, and various fields of knowledge. He managed the library from 1923 to 1937. 

He gained recognition as a proficient scholar in the field of Al Rijal, Sanaullah Amritsari said about him that:

Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi corresponded with a diverse constituency that extended beyond the Indian subcontinent, including letters to and from King Abdul Aziz, the Sultan of Saudi Arabia

In 1924, when the king took control of Mecca and in 1925, Medina, he made significant changes to practices he considered non-Islamic. This included demolishing graves and tombs, which caused controversy, especially in Sindh. People in Sindh criticized the king and scholars in Hijaz and Mecca for these actions. In response, Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi wrote a booklet titled "Imam Mubeen." The booklet aimed to show, using evidence from the Quran, hadiths, and teachings of the past, that the king's actions were in line with divine law. Many copies of the booklet were distributed among the followers or jammat in Sind to ensure that the information reached and was understood by the Sindh population.
A handwritten copy of "Imam Mubeen" is preserved at Maktaba Rashidiyah.

Shah Rashdi showed an interest in religious activities with political aspects. He actively took part in the Khilafat Movement when it started in Sindh, playing a big role in resisting the British Raj. Once, he and a group of Jamaat, approached a commissioner, expressing support for the movement. They emphasized that Khilafat was crucial to their religious beliefs, especially in protecting holy places. They said they'd stay quiet if the government respected these places but promised to speak out if the places were not safeguarded

In the Khilafat Movement, his father Pir Rushdullah Shah Rashidi symbolically donated his sacred turban to the Angora Fund. The next day, after Friday prayer, Pir Rushdullah Shah's son, Pir Imam Shah, tried to find out who bought the turban. It turned out to be Ihsanullah Shah, making a significant contribution. This incident shows the strong commitment of Muslims and their followers to the Khilafat Movement in Sindh.
His sons Allamah Muhibullah Shah Rashdi (1923-1995) and Allamah Badiuddin Shah Rashdi(1926-1996) (Arabic: ) continued the dissemination of their father's teachings.

ITVX

ITVX, (previously called ITV Hub), is an online service developed by ITV which lets you catch up on the last week's television and radio. The service can be used from computers on the ITV website. It can also be used from games consoles, cable television, smart phones and tablets.

ITV Hub was launched on 25 June 2008, On 18 November 2022 it was renamed to ITVX.


Yakima River

The Yakima River is a river in Washington state, United States. It flows into the Columbia River and is named after the Yakama people. Lewis and Clark wrote in their journals that the Sahaptin people called it "Tâpe têtt", possibly from the French word tape-tête, meaning "head hit". The river starts in the Cascade Range at an elevation of 2,449 feet (746 m) near Easton.

The river is 214 miles long and has an average drop of 9.85 feet per mile. It starts in the Cascade Range at Keechelus Dam near Snoqualmie Pass, then flows through Easton and Yakima, and joins the Columbia River in Richland, creating the Yakima River Delta. The Yakima River valley is famous for its wine.

The Yakima River and its streams have been changed a lot for farming. Many dams and canals for irrigation have been built. Sometimes, water used for irrigation goes back to the river through drains. This irrigation system affects the river's flow, causing both low and high water levels compared to how it used to be. The USGS has four gauges to measure the river's flow. The highest flow, 3,542 cubic feet per second, is recorded in Union Gap, halfway up the river. The two gauges downstream show lower average flows.

October 2023 Tulkarm raid

The Invasion of Tulkarm or The Raid in Tulkarm in month of October 2023 was a large Israeli military operation, launched by the IDF at dawn on October 19, 2023 in the city of Tulkarm and the city’s two camps (Nur Shams Camp and Tulkarm Camp). The invasion continued for two days, i.e. till October 20, 2023, and during the operation 13 Palestinians were killed and and at least 25 others were injured. One Israeli police officer was also killed with 10 others wounded by an IED. The invasion came on the thirteenth day of the 2023 Israel–Hamas war.

Rawon

Rawon is a type of Indonesian beef soup from East Java. This dish has a history of more than 1,000 years and is known as a typical East Javanese food. It gets its dark color and nutty taste from the black keluak nut, which is the main spice used. The soup is made by mixing garlic, shallots, keluak, ginger, candlenut, turmeric, red chili, and salt, and cooking them in oil. This mixture is then added to boiled beef stock with pieces of beef.

To add flavor, lemongrass, galangal, bay leaves, kaffir lime leaves, and sugar are included. The keluak gives rawon its special dark or black color. The soup is often topped with green onion and fried shallot and is served with rice. Other toppings can include bean sprouts, preserved salted egg, krupuk, and fried black-eyed peas.

Rawon is a dish with a long history, dating back to ancient Java. It was mentioned as rarawwan in an old Javanese Taji inscription from the time of the Mataram Kingdom around 901 CE.

Australia–New Zealand soccer rivalry

The Australia–New Zealand soccer rivalry is a soccer rivalry between the Australia men's national soccer team (the Socceroos) and the New Zealand men's national football team (the All Whites), as well as between the Australia women's national soccer team (the Matildas) and the New Zealand women's national football team (the Football Ferns). It is one of many sports rivalries between Australia and New Zealand, which are rivalries because the two countries are close to each other and are culturally very similar.

The first match New Zealand played was against a team representing the state of New South Wales, with New Zealand losing 1–0 before playing them again and drawing 3–3. The first official international match for both teams was played in 1922. New Zealand won the match 3–1. This led to the creation of the Soccer Ashes.

Australia is by far the more successful team in both men's and women's soccer matches.


Internal waters

Internal waters is a type of lake, river, sea, pond, creek/stream that is inside of a country or state. Typically when measuring the area of a country or state, you include the internal waters unless you do not want to count them.

Australia–New Zealand sports rivalries

Because Australia and New Zealand are geographically and culturally very close, there are many sports rivalries between the two countries in many sports, including cricket, netball, rugby league, rugby union and soccer, as well as many other sports.


Australia–England sports rivalries

Because Australia was a colony of the United Kingdom until Federation in 1901, as well as other shared history, Australia and the United Kingdom (particularly England) have many sports rivalries in many sports, including association football, cricket, rugby league, rugby union and many other sports.


Australia–Japan football rivalry

The Australia–Japan football rivalry or the Australia–Japan soccer rivalry is an association football rivalry between the Australia men's national soccer team (the Socceroos) and the Japan national football team, as well as between the Australia women's national soccer team (the Matildas) and the Japan women's national football team.

The reason for the rivalry is due to Australia and Japan being two of the "Big Four" nations in the Asian Football Confederation (AFC), the other two being Saudi Arabia and South Korea. These are the four most successful Asian countries in international soccer.


Australia–South Korea football rivalry

The Australia–South Korea football rivalry or the Australia–South Korea soccer rivalry is an association football rivalry between the Australia men's national soccer team (the Socceroos) and the South Korea national football team, as well as between the Australia women's national soccer team (the Matildas) and the South Korea women's national football team.

The reason for the rivalry is due to Australia and South Korea being two of the "Big Four" nations in the Asian Football Confederation (AFC), the other two being Japan and Saudi Arabia. These are the four most successful Asian countries in international soccer.


Australia–Uruguay football rivalry

The Australia–Uruguay football rivalry or the Australia–Uruguay soccer rivalry () is an association football rivalry between the Australia men's national soccer team (the Socceroos) and the Uruguay national football team. It dates back to 1974, when Uruguay travelled to Australia for a two-game series before Australia made their FIFA World Cup debut at the 1974 tournament in West Germany.


Gheorghe Pănculescu

Gheorghe Pănculescu (not to be confused with Gheorghe Pănculescu, the Romanian engineer) was a Romanian general who fought both the First World War and the second World War.

Place of birth: March 26,1903,Warsaw, Poland

Place of death: January 7,2007,Vlădești commune, Vâlcea county

He was the last Romanian veteran of the First World War and one of the last World War I veterans in the world. Panculescu was born in Warsaw, then part of the Russian Empire. In 1918, at the age of 15, he enlisted as a minor in the Romanian army, and served in the First World War. Panculescu remained in the army after the war and in World War II he reached the rank of general. He died on January 7, 2007, at the age of 103.

Voiced uvular fricative approximant

The voiced uvular fricative approximant is a type of consonantal sound, used in spoken languages. It is not in the Spanish language. It is in the English language as we know it. and it should not be confused with the letter p. You need a symbol to add to the letter [þ] to [þ-] to represent the voiced uvular fricative/approximant. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents the sound is 〈þ〉.

Features of the voiced uvular fricative approximant:

• The letter (щ) represents the Cyrillic letter Shcha. It also represents the voiced uvular fricative approximant, So we know ð- represents the sound too.

• The Cyrillic letter Shcha does look a lot like the voiced velar approximant. 

• Voiced uvular fricative

Sydney Derby

The Sydney Derby is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is between the first two Sydney clubs in the A-League: Sydney FC and Western Sydney Wanderers FC. It is one of the largest rivalries in Australian soccer, having been compared to European football rivalries.

The Big Blue (A-League Men)

The Big Blue is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is played between Melbourne Victory FC and Sydney FC, originally the two most successful and the two most popular clubs in the A-League (Sydney FC being the most successful and the most popular, while Melbourne Victory was once the second-most successful and the second-most popular). It is one of the largest rivalries in the A-Leagues.

Melbourne Derby

The Melbourne Derby is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is between the two original Melbourne-based clubs in the A-League: Melbourne City FC (formerly Melbourne Heart FC) and Melbourne Victory FC.

The Distance Derby

The Distance Derby is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is played between Perth Glory FC and Wellington Phoenix FC, the two clubs that are geographically the furthest apart from each other.

Central Coast Mariners FC–Western Sydney Wanderers FC rivalry

The Central Coast Mariners FC–Western Sydney Wanderers FC rivalry is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is played between Central Coast Mariners FC and Western Sydney Wanderers FC.

F3 Derby

The F3 Derby is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is played between Central Coast Mariners FC and Newcastle Jets FC. It is the oldest derby in the A-League, and the reason that it is a rivalry is because the two clubs were the only two original clubs based outside a capital city.

The rivalry is named after the Pacific Motorway (M1) which connects Newcastle to Sydney via the Central Coast. It was originally called the F3 Freeway.

The Original Rivalry

The Original Rivalry is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is played between Adelaide United FC and Melbourne Victory FC.

Melbourne Victory FC–Western United FC rivalry

The Melbourne Victory–Western United FC rivalry, better known as the Westgate Derby or the Battle of the Bridge, is a soccer rivalry in the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is played between Melbourne Victory FC and Western United FC.

New Zealand National League

The New Zealand Men's National League is a men's football league in New Zealand, at the top of the New Zealand football league system. It was founded in 2021 to replace the New Zealand Football Championship. The league has 10 teams, with each club qualifying from their regional league. Four teams qualify from the Northern League, three qualify from the Central League and two qualify from the Southern League, with the Wellington Phoenix Reserves automatically qualifying every year.

The regional leagues run from March to September each year, but different league has a different number of games. After the regional phase, the Championship phase begins, where every team plays each other once. After the Championship phase is the Grand Final. Each season, two clubs qualify for the OFC Champions League, the continental competition for countries in the Oceania Football Confederation.

Fusulun Fi Adianil Hind

Fusulun fi Adianil Hind, Al-Hindusiatu, Wal Buziatu, Wal Zainiatu, Was Sikhiatu and Alakatut Tasawwfi Biha (فصول في أديان الهند الهندوسية والبوذية والجينية والسيخية وعلاقة التصوف بها, A survey of Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Sikhism as well as Indian religions and their relationship with Sufism') is a book written by Ziaur Rahman Azmi on Hinduism from an Islamic perspective. The book was published in 1997 from Darul Bukhari, Madina Munawara and later in 2002 from Maktabur Rushd, Saudi Arabia. The book is one of the major texts on Hinduism and Indian religion in the field of Islamic studies. This book provides a scientific study of the four major religions of India, Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Sikhism, from an Islamic perspective. In the book, the author claims, these three religions have similarities and their foundations are mostly based on ancient beliefs, ideas and customs.

This book is actually a collection of the author's articles, which were published in Madinah Islamic University's "Magjalat Al Jamiat Al-Islamiyya Bil Madinah Al Munawara (Madinah Islamic University Magazine)". and then when he was appointed as a professor at the University of Madinah, he was also responsible for teaching "Adiyan al-Alam (World Religions)". Among other things, when entrusted with this responsibility, he prepared the text of "Religion" from the articles and then rearranged these articles for public use and published them in book form. Now these two books deal with "religion", namely "Judaism and Christianity" (دراست في اليهودية و أديان النصرانية) and "The Religion of India", published in one volume titled Dirasat Fil Yahudiyat wal Masihiyat wal Adianil Hind (دراسات في اليهودية والمسيحية وأديان الهند, Studies in Jewish, Christian and Indian Religions/Comparative Study of Judaism, Christianity and Indian Religions), containing 784 pages, it is being published by Maktabat Al-Rushd, a famous printing house in Saudi Arabia, due to the similarity of the content and so far it has had seven editions. The institution publishes this book every year as it is very popular among the teachers and students of the local Islamic Universities.

In the book Azami says about Hinduism, the Kol race lived in Mohenjodaro in India in the third century BC, the Turanians came and defeated them and mixed with them, the Dravid race arose, who Mohenjodaro in Sindh. They settled in the Harappan city and then spread into South India, and they divided into four groups according to their language, Kannada, Malayam, Tamil and Telugu. 
During this time they continued to clash with the Aryans from the east of the Indus for several centuries, and the name Hindu was given by the Greeks and Iranians to this Indus (Sindh) word. The inhabitants accepted their allegiance and then the Aryans began to mold the social system and the inhabitants of India entered the Vedic society. Azmi cites archaeological similarities as well as linguistic similarities between Sanskrit and Persian, suggesting that the Aryans were of European Persian origin, and he cites linguistics to suggest that the Sanskrit-speaking Aryans and the Persian-speaking were inhabitants of the same territory, and that they came from Persia. At one point when the Aryans won, the local inhabitants including the Dravidians accepted their allegiance, then the Aryans began to shape the social system and the inhabitants of India entered the Vedic society. Azmi cites archaeological similarities as well as linguistic similarities between Sanskrit and Persian, suggesting that the Aryans were of European Persian origin, and he cites linguistics to suggest that the Sanskrit-speaking Aryans and the Persian-speaking were inhabitants of the same territory, and that they came from Persia.The Aryans then divided the natives of India into four classes in order of status, these being Brahmins (Arya priests or clerics), Kshatriyas (Rajput warriors or Marathas), Vaishya (Turani Dravidian traders or traders and farmers) and Shudra (Turani Dravidian laborers or labourers), the first two being the Aryan upper caste and the latter two the Dravidian lower caste. According to Azmi, among them, the Shudras were persecuted and disrespected by the Aryans, and in the 20th century they converted en masse, and a large number of people converted to Islam, especially the Dalit communities in various places, including Tamil Nadu, whose voluntary conversion to Islam was received coverage from the Indian press , whuch Azmi cites numerous sources with quotations including of Babasaheb Ambedkar. Hindus then concentrated on writing texts which were divided into five eras. respectively:
In addition, Hindu scriptures are said to contain descriptions of various Islamic gospels, including the arrival of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, which Muhammad Ibrahim Mir Sialkoti and Sanaullah Amritsari and many others in the 20th century. wrote the book in the beginning, Azmi said that according to the consensus of Muslims, the Hindu scriptures Asmani Kitab may be that when the Aryans left their native land, Ibrahim was in Iraq. Azmi claims more support for the second view that the religion emerged and either the Aryans adopted these from the Torah and the Sahifas of Abraham when they passed through the region, or the Hindus, when revising their texts, inserted them to satisfy Muslim rulers during Islamic rule.

Azmi says about the religion of Hinduism,
Azmi says that the reason behind Hindus' negative perception of Islam is,

Abubakar Muhammad Zakaria in his book "Hindusiat wa Tasur Bad al-Firak al-Islamiyat Biha" () (Hinduism and Islamic Tribes Influenced by It), which he initially composed as a thesis, he took the direct help of his teacher Ziaur Rahman Azmi and also followed Azmi's this book "Fusulun fi Adianil Hind" closely.


Voiced retroflex labiodental fricative

The voiced retroflex labiodental fricative is a type of consonantal sound, used in some spoken languages. It is in the English or Spanish languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents the sound is (ᶌ). and both the sound and symbol are commonly called hooked v.

This sound has no extIPA for this, because we know it represents the v with palatal hook but v with retroflex hook doesn't exist in Unicode.

Language: English

Word: free

• Voiced labiodental fricative

• Voiced labiodental affricate

• Voiced labiodental plosive

Plant blindness

Plant blindness or Plant-neglect is a type of cognitive bias where people tend to overlook or ignore plant species. This bias includes not noticing plants in the environment, not recognizing the importance of plants in the biosphere and human affairs, viewing plants less important to animals, and not appreciating the unique features or beauty of plants. The term was coined by botanists J. H. Wandersee and E. E. Schussler in 1999.

Some say that people may not notice plants because they are stationary and have similar colors. Cultural practices may also play a role. Studies indicate that individuals are better at detecting animals than plants in images, revealing a bias known as zoo-centrism. Plant blindness is thought to be connected to nature deficit disorder, potentially leading to reduced funding and fewer botany classes.

Plant blindness can have several potential effects, raising concerns about plant conservation and research. One major concern is the insufficient funding for plant conservation efforts. Even though plants make up 57% of endangered species, they receive only 3.86% of the funding allocated for endangered species.

Additionally, plant blindness is believed to contribute to a shortage of research and education in plant science. Recent years have seen a decline in funding for plant science research, a decrease in interest in botany majors, and the termination of plant biology courses. This decline is worrisome as plant research plays a crucial role in advancing medicine and agriculture.

People have different opinions about the term "plant blindness." Some argue that bias against non-vertebrate species, like insects, is widespread, not just limited to plants. Insects, such as beetles, are crucial for biodiversity, yet they are often overlooked in education and media.

There is also disagreement about the name itself. Some find using the term "blindness" inappropriate and have proposed calling it "Plant Awareness Disparity" (PAD) instead.

Plastic Hearts

Plastic Hearts is the seventh studio album by American singer Miley Cyrus. It was released on November 27, 2020, by RCA Records. It was also her final album with the label, after that she signed with Columbia Records in early 2021. "Plastic Hearts" is the lead single of the album.

Notes

Nuseirat refugee camp

Nuseirat refugee camp () is a Palestinian refugee camp. The camp is located in the center of the Gaza Strip. It includes the largest number of Palestinian refugees who were displaced from their homes during the Nakba.
The camp has several archaeological landmarks such as: “Tel Amer” (a Byzantine city or church that was discovered in the year 1995); Likewise, “Tell el-Ajjul” is an archaeological area in which some antiquities were found.

Michael G. Ricciardi

Michael G. Ricciardi was the former Co-founder, CEO, and Chairman Emeritus at Mercury Capital Advisors.

In 1978, Michael earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Georgetown University, where he was honored as the University’s Outstanding Scholar-Athlete and was awarded the Robert A. Duffey Prize. Later, in 1982, he attained a Master’s degree in Business administration from Harvard Business School.

In 2009, Michael founded Mercury Capital Advisors. Before this endeavor, he spearheaded Merrill Lynch & Co.'s Private Equity Funds Group and was lauded with the firm’s Leadership in Diversity & Inclusion Award. He was the Managing Director and Head of Global Fixed Income Sales at Paine Webber, also serving on the firm's Operating Committee. At Citicorp Securities, he oversaw global sales for fixed-income and equity products, acting as Co-Head of Domestic Fixed Income. In this capacity, he managed sales, trading, research, origination, and capital markets, while serving on the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee. He was also a member of the Chairman’s Advisory Board at Sponsors for Educational Opportunity. In 2021, Michael assumed the chairman emeritus position at Mercury Capital Advisors.

In 1978, Michael was honored with the Robert A. Duffey Scholar-Athlete Award at Georgetown University for exceptional leadership as the crew of the Rowing team. In 2018, he received the Jefferson Award for his contributions to St. Ann's Soup Kitchen / Franciscan Charities.

Clutha River

The Clutha River or the Mata-Au River is the second longest river in New Zealand and the longest in the South Island. It flows over 338 kilometers from Lake Wānaka in the Southern Alps to the Pacific Ocean, southwest of Dunedin. It has the highest volume and is the fastest river in New Zealand. The river is known for its beautiful scenery, gold-rush history, and fast turquoise waters. There's an effort by a group called the Clutha Mata-Au River Parkway Group to create a regional river parkway along the entire river.

The river starts at the head of the Makarora River, near Haast Pass, flowing into the northern end of Lake Wānaka. The lake's southern end connects to the Clutha near Albert Town, where it meets its first main tributary, the Hāwea River. Further downstream, it's fed by the Cardrona River. As the river travels through the Upper Clutha Valley, it encounters ancient glacial terraces, including a section called the 'Snake.' Near Luggate, there's a unique feature called the "Devil's Nook," and the river narrows at the Māori Gorge in Queensberry.

The river is called Mata-au in Māori, which means current or eddy in a large expanse of water. It was a significant route for Māori people, offering direct access from the coast through Central Otago to lakes Wānaka, Hāwea, and Whakatipu Waimāori.

Its official name is Clutha River / Mata-au since 1998, following the Ngāi Tahu Claims Settlement Act. This landmark settlement recognized the equal importance of both English and Māori names for about 90 geographic features in the South Island.

In New Zealand's early colonial history, it was officially called the Molyneux from below the junction with the Kawarau River at Cromwell, a name given by Captain Cook.

Laki Shah Sadar

Sayed Sadruddin Lakyari (Urdu: سید صدرالدین لکیاری, Sindhi: سيد صدرالدين لڪياري), commonly known as Laki Shah Sader, is a Sindhi Sufi saint and Islamic preacher who traces his ancestry to Ali Ibn Abi Talib. His grandfather, Sayed Ali Makki ibn Abbas Mousavi, originally from Samarra City in Iraq, was sent by the Umayyad Caliphate. Under the command of Sayyid Ali Makki, he arrived in Sindh during the era of 'Raja Dahir' (8th century) along with a group of more than 100 followers. Following their arrival, he established his residence in Laki, Sindh. Descendants of Laki Shah Sader usually have "Lakyari" in their name to indicate their descent.

Lakki Shah Sadr lived in Amri at first. Later, he chose to settle in Lakki with his father, Muhammad. He was among the distinguished scholars and spiritual leaders of 600-700 hijri era, time

In the journal "Mehran," Volume 2, 1989, published by the Sindh Adabi Board in Jamshoro, Dr. Abdul Majeed Sindhi mentioned that Khawaja Muin al-Din Chishti referred to a revered saint, Sheikh Sadruddin, residing in a hut in the villages of Lakki in the Sistan region. The explanation notes that during the late 655th Hijri and early 700th Hijri, Hazrat Sadr al-Din lived in Lakki. The title 'Sheikh' is a term of respect for saints. Some historians identify Lucky Shah Sadr as Sadr al-Din Muhammad Ahmad. The city was formerly known as Lakki Teerth. Due to the saintly attributes and respected personality of Hazrat Sadr al-Din, Lakki Shah Sadr (the city) became well-known by his name. Lakki Shah Sadr passed away at an old age, and his mausoleum is situated in the northwest of Lakki Shah Sadr (the city).
As per Mir Ali Sher Qaune Thattvi, the author of "Tuhfat al-Karam," Raja Delorai, also known as Raja Dahir, is believed to have given his daughter in marriage to Sayyid Ali Makki. During his preaching in various regions, Sayyid Ali Makki eventually settled in the valley between Laki Mountain and the Indus River. Inspired by his teachings, some individuals constructed a house in the area, leading to the place being named 'Lakkalvi,' later evolving into Lakke village in connection with 'Lak.' Over time, the region came to be known as 'Lakki Shah Sadar.'

During a visit to Sehwan by Raja Dahir Sayyid Ali Makki delivered a sermon, advising the king to refrain from cruelty and encourage justice and fairness in his rule. In response to the saint's counsel, Raja Dahir abandoned oppressive practices and even offered his daughter in marriage to Sayyid Ali Makki after she embraced Islam. Sayyid Ali Makki had four sons, and Sayyid Sadruddin was born to his eldest son, Sayyid Muhammad.

Bhairavi

Bhairavi (Sanskrit: भैरवी) is a Hindu goddess, described as one of the Mahāvidyas, the ten avatars of the mother goddess. She is the consort of Dakṣiṇāmūrti.

The Beekeeper (2024 movie)

The Beekeeper is a 2024 American action crime thriller movie starring Jason Statham.

2024 in movies



Asphalt 9: Legends

Asphalt 9: Legends is a asphalt series of the Gameloft, This game was released in the Philippines on 26 February 2018, Thailand on 22 March 2018, global on 26 July 2018 release.

Asphalt 8: Airborne

Asphalt 8: Airborne is a asphalt series by Gameloft, This game was released in the iOS and Android on 22 August 2013.

Camila Travaglini

Camila Travaglini is a Brazilian model and actress. She was born in Osasco, São Paulo, Brazil. When she was 7 years old, she began working with a local agency to start her modelling journey.

Travaglini is represented by "Ford Models" in Brazil. Over the years, she has appeared on the covers of magazines like "Hooks", "Bianchini", and "Cool". Companies like "Pantene" even chose her to represent them because of her resemblance to Gisele Bündchen. Besides modelling, Travaglini has her own clothing brand called "Circula". In 2022, Travaglini decided to have a facelift surgery.


2012–13 FC Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2012-13 Red Bull Salzburg season brought the biggest embarrassment in the club's history. In the Champions League they failed to qualify against the Luxembourg amateur club FC Dudelange. They also only finished second in the championship. In the cup they were eliminated in the semi-finals against the regional league club FC Pasching.

Killing of Wadea al-Fayoume

On 14 October 2023, Wadea al-Fayoum, a six-year-old Palestinian-American child, was killed when he was stabbed 26 times in his home in Plainfield, Illinois, in an event that authorities described as an anti-Muslim and anti-Palestinian attack. His mother Hanaan Shahin (32 years old) was also stabbed and suffocated, resulting in serious injuries. Authorities have described the killing as a hate crime motivated by Islamophobia, anti-Palestinianism and due to watching propaganda videos in the context of 2023 Israel–Hamas war.

The suspect, 71-year-old Joseph M. Czuba, has been arrested and charged with murder, attempted murder and hate crimes. If convicted, he faces life imprisonment without the possibility of parole. Shortly after his death, a vigil for al-Fayoume was held at a local basketball court in Plainfield to mark his love for the sport.

Voiced uvular lateral fricative

The voiced uvular lateral fricative is a type of consonantal sound, used in some spoken languages, such as English or Spanish. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents the sound is 〈ʟ̠˔〉. The equivalent X-SAMPA symbol is codice_1. The sound has a consonant transcribed (ա). The Armenian letter Ayb.

Features of the voiced uvular lateral fricative:

• Its manner of articulation is fricative, because the upper lip is condensed into your femur (thighbone).

• The sound represents l for the Voiced alveolar lateral approximant.

• Voiced uvular lateral approximant 

Lady Ballers

Lady Ballers is a comedy film starring Jeremy Boreing.

Guardians of the Galaxy (2008 team)

The Guardians of the Galaxy are a fictional space-faring superhero team that appear in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning formed the team from existing and previously unrelated characters created by a variety of writers and artists, with an initial roster of Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon, Quasar, Adam Warlock, Gamora, Drax the Destroyer, and Groot.

This Guardians team is the second to operate under the name, following the original team created by Arnold Drake, Roy Thomas and Stan Lee in 1969.

These Guardians first appeared in "Annihilation: Conquest" #6 (April 2008). A feature movie set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe based on this team was released in 2014. A sequel, titled "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2", was released in 2017, and the team has also been featured in the crossover movies "" (2018), "" (2019), "", the Disney+ special "The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special" (both 2022) and the movie "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3" (2023).

Eve Teschmacher

Eve Teschmacher, or simply Miss Teschmacher, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She was the girlfriend and assistant to Lex Luthor, working at LexCorp. Despite their incompatibility, she is notable for her qualities. Eventually, she loses interest in Luthor when his nemesis Superman saves her life. First introduced in the 1978 "Superman" movie and portrayed by Valerie Perrine, Eve was later adapted into the DC Comics main continuity during the Modern Age.

Eve Teschmacher was created by Mario Puzo, David Newman, Leslie Newman, Robert Benton, and Tom Mankiewicz. Her first appearance in the mainstream DC Universe was as Luthor's secretary in Grant Morrison's "JLA: Earth-2" (2000).

A character similar to Eve Teschmacher named Kitty Kowalski appears in "Superman Returns", portrayed by Parker Posey.

The real Eve appears in "Superman Returns: Prequel Comic" #3, a tie-in comic to the titular movie.

The character was also portrayed by Andrea Brooks in the Arrowverse series "Supergirl".

A version of this character, portrayed by Sara Sampaio, will appear in the upcoming movie, "Superman".

Echo (Marvel Comics)

Echo (real name Maya Lopez), previously known as Ronin, is a fictional character and superheroine from Marvel Comics, appearing as a supporting character in the "Daredevil", "Moon Knight" and "New Avengers" comics.

She is the deaf adoptive daughter of Kingpin who was his pawn in his attempt to get rid of his archenemy Daredevil, Maya learned the truth and decided to become an adventurer. Despite her disability, Lopez has a photographic memory that allows her mimic anyone she fights, allowing her to deal with any opponent she faces. She is a member of the Daughters of the Liberty, and has been a member of the New Avengers and Earth-TRN852's Avengers.

She was created by David Mack and Joe Quesada, and first appeared in "Daredevil (Vol. 2) #9" in May of 1999.

Alaqua Cox portrays Maya Lopez in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, debuting in the television series "Hawkeye" (2021), and starred in her own spin-off series "Echo" (2024).

America Chavez

America Chavez, also known as Miss America (b. July 4), is a fictional character and superhero from Marvel Comics, appearing as the main protagonist of the "America" comics, and a major character in the "Young Avengers" and "Ultimates" comics.

She is a Latin-American teenager from Utopian Parallel universe, and was sent to the main universe following the destruction of her home. America was later adopted by Santana family, and she decided to become the second Miss America after deciding to protect her neighborhood from criminals. Chavez would be introduced to other superheroes, and soon become a member of the Young Avengers, A-Force, Secret Warriors, and the Ultimates.

She debuted in the 2011 limited series "Vengeance" by her creators Joe Casey and Nick Dragotta. Chavez later appears in the 2013 "Young Avengers" series by Kieron Gillen and Jamie McKelvie and in the 2015 series, "A-Force," by G. Willow Wilson, Marguerite Bennett and Jorge Molina. Beginning in October 2015, Chavez has appeared in "Ultimates" by Al Ewing and Kenneth Rocafort as part of the All-New, All-Different Marvel initiative.

America Chavez has been described as one of Marvel's most notable and powerful female heroes, being labelled as the publisher's first Latin-American LGBT character to star in a comic book series as the eponymous character. Since her original introduction in comics, the character has been featured in various other Marvel-licensed products, including video games, animated television series, and merchandise.

The character made her live-action debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" (2022), portrayed by Xochitl Gomez.

Greater Orlando

The Orlando metropolitan area, also known as Central Florida, Greater Orlando, Metro Orlando, as well as for U.S. Census purposes as the Orlando–Kissimmee–Sanford, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, is a metropolitan area in the central region of the U.S. state of Florida. Its principal cities are Orlando, Kissimmee and Sanford. The U.S. Office of Management and Budget defines it as consisting of the counties of Lake, Orange (including Orlando), Osceola, and Seminole.

Denver metropolitan area

Denver is the central city of a conurbation region in the U.S. state of Colorado. The conurbation includes one continuous region consisting of the six central counties of Adams, Arapahoe, Broomfield, Denver, Douglas, and Jefferson. The Denver region is part of the Front Range Urban Corridor.

LexCorp

LexCorp, also known as LuthorCorp and L-Corp, (legally known as Lexcorp Incorporated) is a fictional organized crime company appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is a conglomerate owned and run by Lex Luthor, headquartered in New Troy, Metropolis.

The organization has appeared in different forms of media, inlcuding movies, television series, and video games.

Sara Sampaio

Sara Pinto Sampaio (born 21 July 1991) is a Portuguese model best known for being a Victoria's Secret Angel. Sampaio is a Giorgio Armani beauty ambassador and works for Calzedonia. She was the first Portuguese model in the "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue" (2014).

Sampaio was named Best Female Model at the "Globos de Ouro" (Portuguese Golden Globes) in 2011, 2012, 2014, 2015, and 2016. In 2019, Sampaio was the winner of Fashion Personality of the Year.

Voiced velar lateral stop

The voiced velar lateral stop is a type of fricative consonant sound, used in some spoken languages. The symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents the sound is [ʟˀ]. This sound was used in the English or Spanish language; it has letters and numbers.

The sound has transcribed 3 more sounds: ff, çß, and a˞. the letter [çß] needs a hook diacritic to represent the sound for the voiceless palatal fricative (ç). That sound was transcribed (ş). That sound represents the voiceless alveolar lateral fricative but (ş) is now a impossible sound. This symbol is called glottalized velar lateral approximant.

Consonants
• Vowel
• Consonant

Google Cloud Platform

Google Cloud Platform (GCP) is a set of cloud services provided by Google. It includes various services like computing, data storage, data analytics, and machine learning, along with tools for managing them. GCP uses the same infrastructure as Google's own products like Google Search and Gmail.

GCP provides infrastructure as a service, platform as a service, and serverless computing.

It started with App Engine in 2008, a platform for web applications. It became available to the public in 2011. Since then, Google has added more services to the platform.

Google Cloud Platform is part of Google Cloud. The latter includes public cloud infrastructure, Google Workspace (G Suite), enterprise versions of Android and ChromeOS, and APIs for machine learning and mapping services.

Google Cloud Platform started in April 2008 with the preview of Google App Engine. In May 2010, Google Cloud Storage was launched, followed by the preview of Google BigQuery.

Google Cloud Platform offers over 100 products and services.

There are Compute services including App Engine for deploying applications, Compute Engine for running virtual machines, and Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) for container orchestration using Kubernetes.

GCP also offers services in storage and databases, networking and big data.

GCP Customers announced in 2023 include: Kingfisher, The Government of Kuwait, Deutsche Börse Group, FanCode, and Mercedes-Benz.

GCP has also formed partnerships with Unity, Uber.


Juan Manuel del Mar

Juan Manuel del Mar Bernedo (December 29, 1805 – June 16, 1862) was a 19th-century Peruvian politician. He served as the 4th Vice President of Peru from October 1858 to June 1862.



José María Raygada y Gallo

José María Raygada y Gallo (18 December 1795 – 15 January 1859) was a 19th-century Peruvian politician. He was twice Prime Minister of Peru (1857 – 15 July 1858; October 1858 – 15 January 1859). He died in office.


Stanisław Wodzicki

Stanisław Karol Piotr Cyprian Wodzicki of his own coat of arms (born July 27, 1764 in Rogów, died March 14, 1843 in Krakow) - Count, Polish conservative politician, leader of the Krakow aristocratic party, president of the Governing Senate of the Republic of Krakow in the years 1818-1831, senator-voivode of the (congress) in 1829 diary, poet and botanist.

Ahmed al-Mirghani

Ahmed Ali al-Mirghani (; 16 August 1941 – 2 November 2008) was a Sudanese politician who served as the 6th President of Sudan from 1986 to 1989 when his government was overthrown by a military coup led by Omar al-Bashir. 

Despite the Second Sudanese Civil War that happened during Mirghani's presidency, the violence only occurred in the rebelling south as in the north, it was very peaceful and prosperous. Mirghani was the first ever democratically elected president of Sudan. He also tried to put an end to the civil war but then he was overthrown. However, Bashir, who succeeded Mirghani as President in 1993 successfully put an end to the civil war in 2005. 

Mirghani died on 2 November 2008 in Alexandria, Egypt at the age of 67. His funereal was attended my his family and friends including President Bashir to pay respect to him. Mirghani became a well respected person by the Sudanese people that Bashir eventually gave him the title of "Martyr of Peace".

Fissure

A fissure in geology is a crack in the Earth's crust. It is the first sign of the Earth's crust pulling apart. Characteristically, it is long and narrow. As the vent widens it may be called a fissure, and if there is volcanic activity, then it is a fissure vent. A very good example is the rift valley in North-Eastern Africa.

Karst is vast areas of barren land with rocky ground. It is formed by dissolving soluble carbonate rocks such as limestone, dolomite, and gypsum. There may be caves, fissures, and sinkholes. Despite rainfall, they lack vegetation, and usually have no lakes, rivers, or streams on their surface. They form when limestone, gypsum, or dolomite are dissolved by underground torrents of flowing water.

We now know that the huge karst area in Mexico known as the Yucatan was formed by the meteorite which ended the Cretaceous period. The whole of this huge area is made of porous limestone. The limestone is regularly punctuated with holes or "cenotes". The land is almost entirely covered with scrubby trees, all of a similar size.

A more familiar type of ground fissure is seen in Iceland, where the fissure vent is an active volcano. In such places the fissure may pour out molten rock. Mauna Loa is another good example. In this case it is one of a number of volcanic islands formed by a hot-spot gradually moving across the Earth's mantle.

No Surrender (song)

"No Surrender" is a 1984 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the seventh track from his seventh studio album "Born in the U.S.A.". It was not one of the seven top 10 singles from the album but charted at number 29 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

Here to Stay (Korn song)

"Here to Stay" is a 2002 song by Korn. It is the leading single from their fifth studio album "Untouchables" and went to number 12 in the United Kingdom, Italy and Australia, number 11 in Scotland, number 7 in Finland, number 6 in Hungary, number 58 in the Netherlands, number 15 in Ireland and Denmark, number 21 in Canada and number 18 in Norway. It won a Grammy Award in 2003.

CD single:

DVD single:

EP:

Gabriel Daza

Sir Don Gabriel Daza (February 6, 1896 – May 18, 1994) was a Filipino electrical engineer who was a co-founder of Filipino corporations such as the Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company (PLDT), together with Joseph E. Stevenot, and the Philippine Electric Manufacturing Company (PEMCO). He was also known for being one of the founding fathers of the Boy Scout movement in the Philippines where he became acting president and Chief Scout.

List of Malta Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Malta Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Malta after playing their first match in 2019.

Tender Is the Night (song)

"Tender Is the Night" is a 1983 song by Jackson Browne. It is the second single from his seventh studio album "Lawyers in Love". It went to number 25 in the United States and the music video features Daryl Hannah and was also released as a single from the United Kingdom and Germany.

Western Stars

Western Stars is the 19th studio album by Bruce Springsteen. It was released on 14 June, 2019 through Columbia Records. It went to number 2 in the United States and topped the album charts in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia, Austria, Italy, Ireland, Portugal, Norway, Spain, Scotland, the Netherlands, Belgium, Switzerland and Germany.

The film version has the same track list, with the addition of the cover song "Rhinestone Cowboy".

Namilakonda

Namilakonda is the name of a village in Karimnagar district in Telangana, India.

Deaths in 2024

The following is a list of notable deaths that happened in the year 2024. Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name, or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are also noted here, if it is worth noting.

Every entry . Use proper citations and no bare URLs to prevent link rot. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements for adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known), and a source.
















































































T. Mayu Bogollagama

T. Mayu Bogollagama (Born July 4, 1971) is an American Poet.

T. Mayu Bogollagama was born in Colombo, Ceylon, when it was part of the . He grew up in Ceylon and developed a passion for poetry and during his early education. In 1990, he became the outdoor track and field 3200m state champion.

Bogollagama went to Georgetown University for higher studies, where he studied English. During his time there, he worked on romantic verse and volunteered as a literacy tutor for underprivileged students through the Project. He also tutored at , another literacy program started by Georgetown University in the late 1960s. He completed his M.A. in 1996 and wrote his first volume of poetry, "Moons of Desire," which was published in 2008.

After completing his M.A., Bogollagama started his literary career with the publication of "Moons of Desire" in 2008. In 2012, he published "Salute to Serendipity," a book of love poems dedicated to Sri Lanka, his birthplace. This book pays tribute to the history and culture of Sri Lanka.

Bogollagama continued his poetic journey with "Hearts of Truism" in 2018, dedicated to Angelina Jolie for her support of women and refugees. In 2015, he published "Genres of Love," a book of love poems dedicated to his mother. In 2020, he wrote "Karmic Kindness" in solidarity with the COVID-19 pandemic.

Pir Jhando

is a village of Saeedabad Taluka in Sindh Province of Pakistan. The village is historically known for its madrasa Darul Rashad and its Islamic Library (المکتبۃ العالیۃ العلمیہ) which used to be a well-established Islamic institute in the region for Islamic religious and educational services, 

Saeedabad Tehsil

New Saeedabad Tehsil (Urdu: نیو سعيد آباد) is an administrative subdivision (Tehsil), of Matiari District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.

Ari Hermann

Ari Claus Jean Lehnfelt Hermann, commonly known as Ari Hermann, is an Greenlandic professional footballer who plays as midfielder for Greenlandic Football Campionship club B-67 Nuuk and the Greenland national football team.

Bamna Upazila

Bamna is an upazila (administrative division) in Barguna District, part of Barisal Division in Bangladesh.

As of the 2011 Bangladesh census, Bamna Upazila had a population of 79,564, with 17,529 (22.03%) under 10 years old. The literacy rate for those aged 7 and over was 61.1%, exceeding the national average of 51.8%. The sex ratio was 1018 females per 1000 males, and 7,744 (9.73%) resided in urban areas.
Bamna Upazila is split into four union parishads: Bamna, Bukabunia, Dauatola, and Ramna. These union parishads further consist of 39 mauzas and 49 villages.

Amar Desh

Amar Desh (), a newspaper in Bangladesh, was operational from 2004 until its closure. Published in Dhaka in Bengali, it reported on Bangladesh's news from local, regional, and international viewpoints. Known as a prominent opposition paper, Amar Desh supported the Bangladesh Nationalist Party in its editorial stance. The government of Bangladesh has shut down the newspaper.

The Awami League government has closed down Amar Desh twice, coinciding with the arrests of editor Mahmudur Rahman. The first instance was on June 1, 2010, when the editor was arrested, and the newspaper was shut down for 10 days. The second closure occurred on April 11, 2013, following Rahman's arrest for publishing Skype conversations related to Bangladesh's war crimes trials. The suppression of the newspaper continues.

Novo Nordisk Foundation

The Novo Nordisk Foundation is based in Copenhagen. It owns 77% of Novo Nordisk’s voting rights and 28.1% of its shares. It was a condition of the company's permission to make insulin that the proceeds should be invested in research. That is why the foundation was set up 1924. At the end of 2022 it had DKr805 billion or $116 billion. It is the largest charitable foundation in the world. 

It pays for research into obesity and diabetes, cardiometabolic diseases, stem cell science and climate change.

Mads Krogsgaard Thomsen is the chief executive.

Braunfels

Braunfels ( is a town in the Lahn-Dill-Kreis in Hesse, Germany. It is 9 km southwest of Wetzlar and 28 km northeast of Limburg an der Lahn.

The town of Braunfels was talked about for the first time in 1246. Braunfels became a town in 1607. Bonbaden, a neighborhood of Braunfels, was first talked about in writing in the year 772. In 1972, it marked 1200 years since it began. So, Bonbaden is one of the oldest places where people have lived in Lahn-Dill.

Sayyed Razi Mousavi

Sayyed Razi Mousavi () was an Iranian brigadier general serving in the IRGC's Quds Force. On December 25, 2023, He was killed by an Israeli airstrike in Sayyidah Zaynab, Rif-Dimashq, Syria during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war.

Iranian media says that, throughout the Syrian civil war, Mousavi faced multiple assassination attempts by Israel.

Elise Fischer

Elise Fischer or Élise Fischer (13 July 1948 – 25 December 2023) was a French writer, journalist and novelist from Lorraine. She died on 25 December 2023, at the age of 75.

Craig Nassi

Craig Nassi is an American businessman, known as the founder and CEO of real-estate company, BCN Development.

Craig was born in New York, US. In 1991, he graduated from Colorado State University with bachelors in Liberal arts and sciences. He received his Masters degree in education from University of Northern Colorado in 1994.

After graduating from Colorado State University, Craig spent the next four years teaching history and coaching sports in Denver Public Schools. Craig Nassi is the founder and CEO of BCN Development since its foundation in 1993. The company is legally traded as BCN Developement LLC and has headqaurters in New York, US. In early 2018, Craig was in contract to purchase Union Theological Seminary’s dormitory for 50 million USD but the building was later purchased by Riverside Church for 46.5 million USD.

Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

The County of Waldeck (later the Principality of Waldeck and Principality of Waldeck and Pyrmont) was a state of the Holy Roman Empire 

Wolrad II "the Scholar" "1539-1575" 

John I "the Pious" "1539-1567"

Philip V "the Deaf" "1539-c. 1544?"

1575-1637

Philip VII 1637-1645

Philip Theodore 1640-1645

1645-1706

Frederick Anton Ulrich 1706-1728

Christian Philip 1728

Charles August 1728-1763

Frederick Charles August 1763-1812

George 1763-1771

Josias I 1771-1788

Josias II 1788-1829

George I 1812-1813

George II 1813-1845

Charles 1829-1849

George Victor 1845-1893

Adalbert I 1849-1893

Frederick 1893-1918

Siddharth Roy Kapur

Siddharth Roy Kapur (born 2 August 1974) is an Indian film producer and the founder of Roy Kapur Films. and co-chairman of the CII Media and Entertainment Committee.

Glitz (TV channel)

Glitz is a Latin American pay television channel that was launched on 1 May 2011, who purchased the channel from Claxson in 2007, ended in 2011. Its programming is mainly for women.

Philautus vermiculatus

The Perak bubble-nest frog, vermiculate bush frog, or vermiculated bush frog ("Philautus vermiculatus") is a type of frog. It can be found in Malaysia and Thailand. People have seen it between 500 and 1600 meters above sea level.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it.

Ravi (rapper)

Kim Won-sik, known by his stage name Ravi, is a South Korean rapper, singer, songwriter, record producer. He is a former member of the South Korean boy group VIXX and its sub-unit VIXX LR.

Re'im music festival massacre

On 7 October 2023, the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas started a surprise attack on Israel from the Gaza Strip. During the attack, 364 civilians were killed and many more were badly hurt by Hamas at the Supernova Sukkot Gathering, which was an open-air music festival on the Jewish holiday of Shemini Atzeret near kibbutz Re'im. At least 40 hostages were also taken. This mass killing had the most deaths out of all of the massacres targeting Israeli civilians in settlements near the Gaza Strip that happened as part of the 7 October invasion. Others were at the settlements of Netiv HaAsara, Be'eri, Kfar Aza, Nir Oz and Holit.

At 6:30 am around sunrise, rockets were noticed in the sky. Around 7:00 am, a siren warned the people at the festival of an incoming rocket attack, causing them to try to escape. Armed militants, using motorcycles, trucks and powered paragliders, surrounded the festival and started shooting at everyone who was trying to escape. People hiding in nearby areas, such as bomb shelters, bushes, and orchards, were killed while hiding there. People who reached the road were stuck in a traffic jam as militants shot at the vehicles. The militants killed some badly hurt people at point-blank range as the hurt people crouched on the ground.

The public does not currently know where the hostages are. The massacre at the festival was the largest terror attack in the history of Israel, and the worst massacre of Israeli civilians ever.

Safdie brothers

Joshua Safdie (born April 3, 1984) and Benjamin Safdie (born February 24, 1986) are independent American filmmakers and actors based in New York City.

Amritasiddhi

The Amṛtasiddhi, written in a Buddhist environment in about the 11th century. The implied model is that bindu is constantly lost from its store in the head, leading to death, but that it can be preserved by means of yogic practices. The text has Buddhist features, and makes use of metaphors from alchemy.

A primary Buddhist feature is the opening verse praising the goddess Chinnamasta: Amṛtasiddhi 7.7 speaks of the effects of transforming Bindu, as if alchemically transforming mercury, with the terms "thickened" ("mūrcchitaḥ"), "fixed" ("baddha"), "dissolved" ("līna"), and "still" ("niścala"). The verse is parallelled by many later Hatha yoga texts and in Tantra by the "Hevajratantra".

Rambo (franchise)

Rambo is an American media franchise centered on a series of action movies featuring John J. Rambo. The first movie in the "Rambo" franchise, "First Blood" (1982), is an adaptation of the 1972 novel "First Blood" by David Morrell. It was followed by "" (1985), "Rambo III" (1988) and "Rambo IV" (2008).

London und Paris

London und Paris was a German magazine published in Weimar from 1798-1815. It was published by Friedrich Justin Bertuch. It had 1300 subscribers. It had copies of French and English caricatures.

Johan Christian Huttner was the London correspondent from 1798 to 1807. He sent copies of caricatures from London. Most of them were by James Gillray. 77 of Gillray's were reprinted in the magazine.

Neo Rauch

Neo Rauch (born 18 April 1960) is a German painter. 

His paintings show the influence of former East Germany socialist realism, and Surrealist painters like Giorgio de Chirico and René Magritte.
Rauch personal figurative art isn't easily defined in a particular style. They have a narrative intention but in an enigmatic way.


Allan Border Medal

The Allan Border Medal is the biggest award for male Australian cricket players. It's named after a cricket captain, Allan Border.

Hari Nef

Hari Nef (born October 21, 1992) is an American actress, model, and writer. She is known for her role as Gittel in the Amazon original series "Transparent". She also played Dr. Barbie in the 2023 movie "Barbie" directed by Greta Gerwig. She is the first openly transgender woman signed to IMG Models.

Chris Blackwell

Christopher Percy Gordon Blackwell OJ (born 22 June 1937) is a Jamaican-British former record producer and the founder of Island Records. He was honored into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2001. "Variety" called him as "one of the greatest record executives in history".

Kingsley Ben-Adir

Kingsley Ben-Adir (born 20 November 1986) is a British actor. He is known for playing Marcus Summer in ITV's "Vera" (2014–2018), Karim Washington on Netflix's "The OA" (2019), and Colonel Ben Younger in the BBC drama "Peaky Blinders" (2017–2019). 

In movies, he played Malcolm X in the Amazon Studios movie "One Night in Miami..." (2020), Basketball Ken in "Barbie" (2023) and Bob Marley in the biopic "" (2024).

Joseph Wambaugh

Joseph Aloysius Wambaugh Jr. (born January 22, 1937) is an American writer. He is known for his fictional and nonfictional books of police work in the United States. Many of his novels are set in Los Angeles and have Los Angeles police officers as main characters in his books.

Wambaugh joined the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) in 1960. He served for 14 years, rising from patrolman to detective sergeant.


Zagreb Film

Zagreb Film was a Croatian production company.
1950s to 1960s
1970s


Bärbel Bas

Bärbel Bas (; born 3 May 1968) is a German politician. She is a member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). She has been the 14th president of the Bundestag since 2021. She has been a member of the German Bundestag since the federal election in 2009. 

Gerhart Baum

Gerhart Rudolf Baum (born 28 October 1932) is a German politician of the Free Democratic Party (FDP) and a lawyer. He was the Minister of the Interior from 1972 to 1982.

From 2001 to 2003, Baum served as UN Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Sudan.

Manfred Lahnstein

Manfred Lahnstein (born 20 December 1937) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). In 1982 he was German Federal Minister of Finance as well as Federal Minister of Economics. Until 2004, he worked for the media conglomerate Bertelsmann.

Boris Pistorius

Boris Pistorius (; born 14 March 1960) is a German lawyer and politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). He has been the Federal Minister of Defence in the cabinet of Chancellor Olaf Scholz since 19 January 2023. 

He was in the State Parliament of Lower Saxony from 2017, until his appointment as Federal Minister in 2023.

Katarina Barley

Katarina Barley (born 19 November 1968) is a German politician and lawyer who has been a Member of the European Parliament since 2019. She was the Federal Minister of Justice and Consumer Protection in the fourth Cabinet of Angela Merkel. She was also the Federal Minister of Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth and, from 28 September 2017, as the acting Federal Minister of Labour and Social Affairs, both until 14 March 2018.

VMware Workstation Player

VMware Workstation Player (also known is VMware Player) is a virtualization software and the succesor of VMware Workstation was developed by VMware. It has been released on December 12, 2005, alongside the released of VMware Workstation version 5.0. VMware Workstation Player is used of non-commercial use, it running by virtualization of VMware Workstation and it supported on Microsoft Windows and Linux, similar like VMware Workstation.

In December 12, 2005, after released of VMware Workstation version 5.0, VMware announced they will be released of second virtualization software but it succesor like VMware Workstation for non-commercial use, it called VMware Workstation Player has been released. In early 2006, VMware Player has free downloaded of supported on Microsoft Windows and Linux and virtualization of all operating system. 

VMware Workstation Player is free used for non-commercial use, but it virtualization of VMware Workstation and started released all the version from first version and now is version 17. After released the latest version of VMware Player, VMware announced they will be released of VMware Player version 18 alongside with VMware Workstation but it begin to released in the future.


Hans Friderichs

Hans Friderichs (born 16 October 1931) is a German politician who was the Minister of Economy from 1972 to 1977 during the Willy Brandt and Helmut Schmidt governments.

Hubertus Heil

Wolfgang-Hubertus Heil (born 3 November 1972) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). He has been the Federal Minister of Labour and Social Affairs since 14 March 2018.

Republic of Slowjamastan

The Republic of Slowjamastan (officially the United Territories of the Sovereign Nation of the People's Republic of Slowjamastan) is a micronation in Imperial County, Southern California, US. 

It was started on December 1, 2021, by slow jam DJ Randy Williams, Slowjamastan is located on an empty plot of desert land along State Route 78. Although Slowjamastan has no structures, located on the plot of land is a large border sign by the highway, a border control post and an open desk that serves as the Williams' office—the sultan of the micronation. He founded Slowjamastan following a visit to Molossia, another micronation located in Dayton, Nevada, in August 2021, and purchased the plot of land in October for US$19,000. 

Franziska Giffey

Franziska Giffey (, Süllke, born 3 May 1978) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). She was Governing Mayor of Berlin from December 2021 to April 2023. She was Minister for Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth in the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel from 2018 until 2021. 

Kai Wegner

Kai Wegner (born 15 September 1972) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) who has been serving as Governing Mayor of Berlin since April 2023.

Anne Spiegel

Anne Spiegel (born 15 December 1980) is a German politician of Alliance 90/The Greens. She was the Federal Minister for Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth in the cabinet of Chancellor Olaf Scholz from 8 December 2021 until 25 April 2022.

Lisa Paus

Elisabeth "Lisa" Paus (born 19 September 1968) is a German politician who has been serving as the Federal Minister for Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth since 25 April 2022. She is a member of Alliance 90/The Greens. She has been a Member of the German Bundestag for the state of Berlin since 2009.

Tony Robbins

Anthony J. Robbins, also known as Tony Robbins, was born on February 29, 1960, in North Hollywood, California. He writes books about making your life better, managing your money, and he talks to people to inspire and encourage them. He is from the United States of America.

Steffi Lemke

Steffi Lemke (born 19 January 1968) is a German politician of Alliance 90/The Greens who has the Federal Minister for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Nuclear Safety, and Consumer Protection since 2021. Lemke has been a member of the Bundestag from the state of Saxony-Anhalt from 1994 through 2002 and since 2013.

Julia Klöckner

Julia Klöckner (born 16 December 1972) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) who served as Federal Minister of Food, Agriculture and Consumer Protection in the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel from 2018 to 2021.

Svenja Schulze

Svenja Schulze (born 29 September 1968) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). She is the Minister for Economic Cooperation and Development since 2021. Schulze has been serving as member of the German Bundestag since 2021, representing North Rhine-Westphalia.

Karl Lauterbach

Karl Wilhelm Lauterbach (; born 21 February 1963) is a German scientist, physician, and politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). He has been the Federal Minister of Health since 8 December 2021. He is professor of health economics and epidemiology at the University of Cologne. Since the 2005 German federal election, he has been a member of the Bundestag.

During the COVID-19 pandemic in Germany, he became well known in the country for his appearances on television talk shows as an invited guest expert, along with his frequent use of Twitter to provide commentary about the pandemic.

Volker Wissing

Volker Wissing (born 22 April 1970) is a German lawyer, former judge and politician. He is a member of the Free Democratic Party (FDP) who has been serving as the party's General Secretary since 2020. He is the Minister for Transport since 2021.

Federal Ministry for Housing, Urban Development and Building

The Federal Ministry for Housing, Urban Development and Building (, ), abbreviated BMWSB, is a cabinet-level ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. It is headquartered in Berlin. The current minister is Klara Geywitz, of the Social Democratic Party. The Federal Ministry existed between 1949 and 1998 and was re-established in December 2021.

Political Party:

Dieter Haack

Dieter Haack (born 9 June 1934) is German politician from the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). He was the minister of housing and town planning between 1978 and 1982.

Oscar Schneider

Oscar Schneider (born 3 June 1927) is a German politician, lawyer and member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. From 1982 to 1989, he was the Minister of Housing, Urban Development and Building during the Helmut Kohl government. From 1969 to 1994, he was a member of the German Bundestag. He was born in Roth, Bavaria, Germany.

Klara Geywitz

Klara Geywitz (; born 18 February 1976) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). She is the Federal Minister for Housing, Urban Development and Building since 2021. She served as member of the Landtag of Brandenburg from 2004 until 2019, and is a Deputy Leader of the SPD since 2019.

Bettina Stark-Watzinger

Bettina Stark-Watzinger (; Stark, born 12 May 1968) is a German economist and politician of the Free Democratic Party (FDP) who has been serving as Minister of Education and Research in Chancellor Olaf Scholz's cabinet since 2021. She has been a member of the Bundestag from the state of Hesse since 2017. 

Federal Minister for Special Affairs of Germany

A Federal Minister for Special Affairs (, ) is a member of the German government without portfolio.

Political Party:

Wolfgang Schmidt

Wolfgang Schmidt (; born ) is a German politician and jurist. He has been the Federal Minister for Special Affairs, Head of the Chancellery and Commissioner for the Federal Intelligence Services since 2021

Schmidt has been a close ally and friend of German Chancellor Olaf Scholz.

Alpine goat

The Alpine goat is a medium to large-sized domestic breed known for its excellent milking ability. These goats, originating from the French Alps, have no set colors or markings, although certain markings are frowned upon. They possess horns, a straight profile, and erect ears.

Mature does weigh around 61 kg (135 lbs) and stand about 76 cm (30 in) tall at the shoulder. Alpine goats can vary in color, ranging from white or gray to brown and black. They are heavy milkers, and their milk is used to make various dairy products such as butter, cheese, soap, and ice cream. Alpine goats are commonly employed in commercial dairy production as well as on homesteads.

There are different sub-types of Alpine goats, including Purebred (French) Alpines and American Alpines. The latter has been influenced by other genetic factors after introduction to the United States, retaining visual traits and temperament similar to French Alpines.

Characteristics of Alpine goats include medium to large size, with males over 81 cm (32 in) tall at the withers and females over 76 cm (30 in). They have short to medium-length hair and come in various colors. Known for being "alertly graceful," they adapt well to different climates due to their hardy nature.

Alpine goats are friendly and curious but can be independent and strong-willed. The sexual maturation rate is around four to five months for buck kids and five to six months for doe kids. The gestation period for does is 145–155 days, with twins being the most common, but they can have singles or even quintuplets.

The Alpine goat's fame lies in its milk production, known for its docile temperament, high-quality milk, and long lactation period. Alpine milk has a lower fat content than cow's milk but balances well in terms of protein and sugars. Despite their size, Alpine goats produce substantial milk, with optimal production occurring after four to six weeks of kidding.

Efficient dairy production in Alpine goats requires specific conditions, including adequate ventilation, dry beds, uncontaminated feeder and water supply, and minimal disturbance. Alpine milk must be filtered and chilled immediately for human consumption, with the ideal temperature being 4.4 °C (39.9 °F). Proper cooling is crucial to prevent bacterial growth, and refrigerated milk has a shelf life of about three to four weeks.

Alpine goats, along with Saanen and Toggenburg goats, are among the top milk producers. Their milk, with a fat content of 3.4%, is considered a healthy choice. Good nutrition, proper milking procedures, reproductive management, and disease control contribute to optimal milk production in Alpine goats.

Heads of the German Chancellery

The Head of the Chancellery (, abbreviated "ChefBK") is the highest ranking official of the German Chancellery and the principal assistant of the Chancellor of Germany. The Chief of Staff is in charge of the running of the German Chancellery as well as with coordinating the federal government's work. All Chiefs of Staff since 2005 have been members of the federal cabinet.

Manfred Schüler

Manfred Schüler (born March 7, 1932) is a German Social Democratic Party (SPD) politician. He was born in Jessen, Germany. He focused on issues of financial reform in the Bundestag for the SPD. He was the Head of the German Chancellery from 1974 to 1980 under Chancellor Helmut Schmidt.

Father of the House

Father of the House is a title that has been traditionally given unofficially to certain members of some legislatures, most notably the House of Commons in the United Kingdom.

In some legislatures the title is given to the longest continuously serving member, while in others it is given to the oldest member. Recently, the title Mother of the House or Mother of Parliament has also been used.

Gregor Gysi

Gregor Florian Gysi (; born 16 January 1948) is a German attorney, former president of the Party of the European Left and a politician of The Left ("Die Linke") political party.

Sahra Wagenknecht

Sahra Wagenknecht (born Sarah Wagenknecht; ; 16 July 1969) is a German politician, economist, author, and publicist. Since 2009 she has been a member of the Bundestag, where until 2023 she represented The Left. From 2015 to 2019, she served as that party's parliamentary co-chair. She left the party on 23 October 2023 to found her own party, Bündnis Sahra Wagenknecht.

Baiju Noyan

Baiju Noyan was a Mongol commander during the siege of Bagdad in 1258AD.

Allamah Sayyid Badiuddin Shah Rashdi

Sayyid Badiuddin Shah Rashdi (Arabic : السيد بديع الدين شاه الراشدي (Urdu : سید بدیع الدین شاہ راشدی (Sindhi : سيد بديع الدين شاهه راشدي) (Born: May 16, 1926 1344 AH - January 8, 1996 - 1416 AH) also known as Sheikh Al-Arab wa-al-Ajam, was the founder and first Ameer of Jamiat Ahle Hadith Sindh, and also served as the Ameer of Markazi Jamiat Ahle Hadith Pakistan in 1987, He taught in the Grand Mosque of Makkah and Madinah, Islamic scholar from Sindh, associated with the Ahl al-Hadith School of thought, authored 108 books in Arabic, Sindhi Urdu, known for his expertise in hadith, jurisprudence, and Quranic interpretation. 

Badi' ud-Din Shah al-Rashidi, born on May 16, 1926 (1344 AH - 1416 AH) in Gowth Fazalullah Shah Pir Jhando, Sindh, Pakistan, was the younger son of Sayyid Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi. He began his religious education at "Darul Rashad" Madirsah, where he memorized the Quran in three months. Guided by his father, he further studied Hadith, Tafsir, and Fiqh

His notable teachers were Sanaullah Amritsari, his elder brother Sheikh Muhibullah Shah Al-Rashidi, Abu Muhammad Abdul Haq bin Abdul Wahed bin Muhammad bin Hashim Al-Hashimi, Sheikh Muhammad Khalil bin Muhammad Salim Al-Khairbouri, Sheikh Amin Muhammad Al-Kashi, Sheikh Bahaa al-Din Khan Jalalabadi, Sheikh Muhammad Ismail Al-Bint Gharbi, Sheikh Muhammad Shafee Al-Mankio Al-Sakarandi, Sheikh Abdul Karim Al-Nawab Shahi, and Sheikh Abdullah Al-Kahdari.

Shaykh Badiuddin was a respected Islamic scholar who taught students from different countries. Some of his notable students were Sheikh Ali Amer Al-Yamani, Sheikh Omar bin Muhammad Al-Sabil, Sheikh Abdul Qadir bin Habibullah Al-Sindi, Sheikh Abdul Rab Faizullah from Pakistan, Sheikh Hamdi Abdul Majidi Al-Salafi, investigator Bashar Awad, Sheikh Wasi Allah Abbas, Sheikh Rabee al-Madkhali, and Sheikh Muqbil bin Hadi al-Wadi'i.

Badi ud-Din Shah Rashdi died on January 8, 1996, in Karachi, and was buried in his ancestral village, Dargah Sharif Pir Jhando (Saeedabad).

Philautus worcesteri

The Mindanao bubble-nest frog or smooth-skinned tree frog ("Philautus worcesteri") is a type of frog. It lives in the mountains in the Philippines.

This frog lives in trees in forests that are not too high up on mountains. The drier the air is, the less this frog sings. This frog hatches out of its egg as a small frog and never swims as a tadpole.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, and because it is good at living in places that humans have changed, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it.

Gorton and Denton (UK Parliament constituency)

Gorton and Denton is a parliamentary constituency created by the Boundary Commission review in 2023. From the next General Election it will take in 4 wards which were in Manchester Gorton and 3 which were in Denton and Reddish.

Group Nine Media

Group Nine Media was an American digital media company based in New York City. The company owned Thrillist, NowThis, The Dodo, Seeker, and more. In December 2021, Vox Media bought Group Nine Media.

Bleacher Report

Bleacher Report is an American media company that focuses on sports and sports culture. Its headquarters are in San Francisco, with offices in New York City and London. Bleacher Report was bought by Turner Broadcasting System in August 2012 for $175 million.

Bleacher Report was formed in 2005 by David Finocchio, Alexander Freund, Bryan Goldberg, and Dave Nemetz. They wanted to start writing about sports.

Effeminacy

When boys or men show traits or take roles that are associated with the image of being a girl or woman this is known as effeminacy. Throughout history, such men have been faced with prejudice and discrimination. Gay men are often seen as showing effeminacy. However, femininity, masculinity, and other forms of gender expression are independent of sexual orientation.

Other words for effeminacy include: "pansy", "nelly", "pretty boy", "nancy boy", "girly boy", "molly", "sissy", "pussy", "tomgirl", "femboy", "roseboy", "baby", and "girl" (when applied to a boy or, especially, adult man). The word "effete" similarly implies effeminacy or over-refinement, but comes from the Latin term "effetus" meaning 'having given birth; exhausted', from "ex-" and "fetus" 'offspring'. The term "tomgirl", meaning a girlish boy, comes from an inversion of "tomboy", meaning a boyish girl. The term "girly boy" comes from a gender-inversion of "girly girl".

Voiced palatal lateral nasal

The voiced palatal lateral nasal is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is (ʎn). The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is codice_1. and this sound is similar to an affricate but it is not used in English. and this sound (õ) is the letter oang.

Sounds like the voiced palatal lateral nasal:

• w

• v

• q

2023 attack on the Chem Pluto

On 23 December 2023, the Liberian-flagged, Japanese-owned and Dutch-operated chemical tanker "Chem Pluto" was attacked by a one-way drone launched by Unknown attacker. United States blamed it on Iran, but Iranian foreign ministry denied any involvement. At the time, it was carrying crude oil from Saudi Arabia to India. The attack caused a fire on board, and nobody was injured. The Indian Navy responded by sending a "Vikram" patrol vessel to the tanker.

Skid and Pump

Skid and Wil- "Pump" Wonder, are a pair of fictional main protagonists in Mexican animated web series Spooky Month. Skid and Pump are both voiced & created by David Axel.

Skid and Pump are hyperactive children and obsessed with the holiday Halloween. Skid is an 8-year old, He usually wears his skeleton costume. Pump is an 7-year old, like Skid, he also usually wears his pumpkin costume. The Duos usually gone on dangerous situations without knowing it. 

Skid and Pump has made some appearances including Friday Night Funkin' as a recurring character.

Skid and Pump are best friends and mostly childish.

The Duo's running gag, "Spooky Dance", was described as "like you seeing a gremlin and wanting it not to touch you" by David Axel. 

In "Friday Night Funkin"', Skid and Pump appear as recurring character in week 2. Chronology: Week 2 came after Week 4. There were two songs, "Spookeez" and "South". Also PhantomArcade confirmed that Spookeez was sung by Pump and South was sung by Skid.

The dance "Spooky Dance", a running gag for the duo was later became popular and people began creating memes, GIFs, and fan art of the dance.

Ueno Zoo Monorail

Ueno Zoo Monorail was a monorail in Ueno Park in Tokyo. It opened in 1957, and it ran in the Ueno Zoo, from the East Park to the West Park. It was only 300 meters long and it had two stations. It took about one minute and thirty seconds to get from the East Park to the West Park. Some people thought that this was just a amusement ride, but it was a railway under the law, because it crossed over a public street. It stopped running on October 31, 2019 because the monorail became too old to run. Because this monorail was a special type (only here in the world), making a new monorail was difficult. It was officially closed on December 27, 2023. Instead of this monorail, new ride will open in 2026.

2013–14 FC Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2013-14 Red Bull Salzburg season was the 81st season in club history. Red Bull Salzburg finished the season as champions of the Bundesliga and the ÖFB-Cup. In Europe, Salzburg where knocked out of the Champions League by Fenerbahçe in the Third Qualifying Round, dropping into the Europa League. They reached the Round of 16 before defeat to Basel. 

Pali Canon

The Pali Canon is the main set of scriptures in the Theravada Buddhist tradition. It's in the Pali language and is one of the most complete early Buddhist collections. It comes mainly from the Tamrashatiya school of Buddhism.

After Gautama Buddha passed away, his students, Ananda recited the Sutta Pitaka, and Upali recited the Vinaya Pitaka, two of three parts of the Tripiktaka, during the First Buddhist Council. The teachings were then preserved orally. The Tipitaka, transmitted to Sri Lanka during King Ashoka's time, was first spoken and later written down on palm leaves during the Fourth Buddhist Council in 29 BC, about 454 years after Buddha's death.

The oral tradition continued alongside written scriptures for many centuries. Writing down the scriptures was a new tradition that faced opposition at first but was later accepted. The records of this event became an account of a "council" held under King Vattagamani.

The Pali Canon has three main parts, called pitaka, meaning "basket." So, it's traditionally known as the Tripiṭaka, meaning "three baskets." The three pitakas are:
The Vinaya Pitaka and the Sutta Pitaka are similar to the works of early Buddhist schools. However, the Abhidhamma Pitaka is unique to Theravada and differs from the Abhidhamma works of other Buddhist schools.

In the past, the Pali Canon wasn't in books but written on thin wood slices or bamboo called palm-leaf manuscripts. These leaves were tied together, covered in cloth, and kept in a box.

Theravada tradition calls the Canon the Word of the Buddha (buddhavacana), even though it includes teachings by disciples. Buddhaghosa and later monks wrote commentaries summarizing the traditional interpretation of the Canon. These interpretations are found in Buddhaghosa's Visuddhimagga.

According to a spokesman for the Buddha Sasana Council of Burma, the Canon has everything to guide the path to nirvana. While commentaries may have speculative content, they generally stay true to the teachings. In Sri Lanka and Thailand, "official" Buddhism often follows the interpretations of Western scholars.

Although the Canon has been written for centuries, its oral nature is still important in Buddhism. People memorize and recite texts, like the Paritta, as a form of meditation. Even laypeople usually know a few texts by heart. Monks, like Vicittasara from Burma, sometimes memorize the entire Canon. The relation of the scriptures to Buddhism among monks and laypeople is complex, and not all parts of the Canon were widely used across different places. Some scholars suggest that Buddhist history is the exploration of the early scriptures' implications.


Wylie transliteration

Wylie transliteration is a way to write Tibetan script using English letters found on a standard typewriter. Turrell V. Wylie, an American scholar, created this system, and he introduced it in a 1959 article in the Harvard Journal of Asiatic Studies. It has since become a widely used method in Tibetan studies, especially in the United States.

When creating a Romanization for the Tibetan language, there's a challenge: whether to accurately represent the sounds of spoken Tibetan or the spelling of written Tibetan. These can be quite different, similar to the difference between English and French orthography, which reflects the pronunciation from the Late Medieval period.

Earlier transcription systems tried to compromise between these two goals, but they didn't do either perfectly. Wylie transliteration aims to precisely transcribe Tibetan script as it is written, making it widely accepted in academic and historical studies. It's important to note that Wylie is not meant to reflect the pronunciation of Tibetan words.

The Wylie method transliterates the Tibetan characters as follows:

The four vowel marks in Wylie are transliterated as:

When a syllable doesn't have a written vowel, the letter 'a' is used to show the default vowel "a."

Wylie

Wylie is an English name meaning "well-watered meadow", and may also refer to:




CS Progresul Șomcuta Mare

CS Progresul Șomcuta Mare is a Romanian football club based in Șomcuta Mare, Maramureș County which plays in Liga IV.

Progresul Șomcuta Mare played mostly in the Fourth tier and played 5 seasons in Liga III and won promotion in 2020 against Sportul Șimleu Silvaniei.

In 2022 the club relegated back in the fourth league finishing 9th place.

Sudanese Armed Forces

The Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF; Arabic: القوات المسلحة السودانية, romanized: "Al-Quwwat al-Musallaha as-Sudaniyah") are the military forces of the Republic of the Sudan. It was established in 1925, and units of the forces participated in World War II. It has a combat doctrine based on defending the homeland, preserving its sovereignty and national unity, and a strict military discipline system. It carries out civilian tasks, namely providing aid during natural disasters and maintaining security in the event of turbulent security situations. The minimum age for military service is 18 years. It has fought battles for more than 50 years in the First and Second Sudanese civil war in South Sudan from August 1955 until 2005, which ended with the signing of the Naivasha Peace Agreement.

Ahl-i Hadith

Ahl-i-Hadith or Ahl-e-Hadith (Arabic: أهل الحديث, Urdu: اہلِ حدیث, 'The People of Hadith') is an school of Sunni Islam that emerged during the 2nd and 3rd centuries of the Islamic era (late 8th and 9th century CE) as a movement of hadith scholars who considered the Quran and authentic hadith to be the only authority in matters of law and creed, In their quest to understand their faith, they reference the Quran, Sunnah, and interpretations of the early generations. This stands in contrast to other groups that may follow beliefs differing from the salaf’s ‘aqeedah and rely on human reasoning in their approach to religion. The term Ahl al-hadith or Ahl-i-Hadith is sometimes used in a more general sense to denote a particularly enthusiastic commitment to hadith and to the views and way of life of the Muhammad's contemporaries and the early generations of believers. 

Deepfake

Deepfake is the name for media content that has been changed, or created using technologies of artificial intelligence. In most cases, deepfakes are photos, or sequences of videos or audio. In itself, media manipulation is not new. Using machine learning, and artificial neural networks, it is possible to create such content more easily, as less specialized knowledge is required. Also, detecting that an image, video or media piece was made using these technologies is becoming more difficult. 

As of 2023, deepfakes are used in different contexts:



Deepfakes cause a number of problems:


Shallowfakes or cheapfakes are similar to deepfakes. They use the same techonlogies, but are less advanced. As an example, they might show a real image, in a different context, so that a different impression is generated. 

FC Riltsi Dobrich

FC Riltsi Dobrich () is a Bulgarian football club based in Dobrich. It competes in the Third League, the third division of the Bulgarian football league system. Its home stadium is the Druzhba Stadium. It was founded on 9 September 1961. It started competing in the Third League in 2020. 

Lee Sun-kyun

Lee Sun-kyun (; March 2, 1975 – December 27, 2023) was a South Korean actor. He played Park Dong-ik in Bong Joon-ho's Academy Award-winning movie "Parasite" (2019). He won a Screen Actors Guild Award for his acting in that movie. Lee was born in Seoul, South Korea.

In 2009, Lee married actress Jeon Hye-jin. They had two children. 

In October 2023, it was revealed that Lee was being investigated for drug use. At the end of the month he was charged for drug use.

Lee was found dead on December 27, 2023 at the age of 48 inside his car near a park in central Seoul. In the passenger seat was a charcoal briquette, commonly used in suicides by carbon monoxide poisoning in South Korea.

Media manipulation

Media manipulation is about using the media to favor one's own interests. For this, logial fallacies, deception, disinformation and propaganda may be used. Very often, other views of the argument are left out. 

In "Propaganda: The Formation of Men's Attitudes", Jacques Ellul writes that public opinion can only express itself through channels which are provided by the mass media of communication – without which there could be no propaganda.
It is used within public relations, propaganda, marketing, etc. While the objective for each context is quite different, the broad techniques are often similar.
The more modern mass media manipulation methods are types of distraction, on the assumption that the public has a limited attention span.

Issyk-Kul

Issyk-Kul (also Ysyk-Köl, is an endorheic saline lake in the western Tianshan Mountains in eastern Kyrgyzstan. It is just south of a dividing range separating Kyrgyzstan from Kazakhstan. It is the seventh-deepest lake in the world, the tenth-biggest lake in the world by volume (though not in surface area) and the third-biggest saline lake. Issyk-Kul means "warm lake" in the Kyrgyz language. This is because even though the area it is in gets very cold during winter, the salinity of the lake makes it rarely freeze.

The lake is a Ramsar site of globally significant biodiversity. It is also part of the Issyk-Kul Biosphere Reserve.

Untersberg-Arena

The Untersberg Arena is a football stadium in the Austrian town of Grödig in Salzburg. It is the home ground of SV Grödig.
The facility was completed in 1989 under the name "Sportanlage Grödig". With SV Grödig's promotion to the first league in the 2007/08 season, an adaptation became necessary. After the renovation work in 2008, the covered main stand had 310 seated places and also has 1,890 standing places. During the 2010/11 winter break, another stand for 755 spectators was built on the east side of the arena. 

After promotion to the Bundesliga, the arena was expanded in the summer of 2013. It offers space for 4,128 spectators. In addition to the main playing field, the stadium has a training field suitable for competitions and an artificial turf field. There are 1,100 car parking spaces and 13 bus parking spaces available at the stadium.

On February 18, 2015, the Bundesliga's licensing committee withdrew approval for games in the top division for the future because the pitch was unplayable. A new pitch made of natural grass with associated pitch heating was installed. Senate 3 of the Austrian Football Bundesliga examined the newly laid grass area in the stadium on March 9, 2015. The club was able to immediately return to its home ground.

In the 2018/19 and 2019/20 seasons, FC Liefering played as a tenant in the stadium, and the UEFA Youth League home games of FC Red Bull Salzburg (FC Liverpool, SSC Napoli, KRC Genk and Derby County) also took place in the Untersbergarena.

Al-Falah School massacre

The Al-Falah School massacre is a massacre committed by the Israeli Defense Forces when it raided Al-Falah School, which is associated with UNRWA. It houses thousands of displaced people in the Al-Zaytoun neighborhood area in the Gaza Strip during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war.

At least 20 people were killed in the attack, while more then 100 others were injured.

Winter Is Coming (2023)

Winter Is Coming (2023) was a multi-night professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 13 and 16, 2023 at College Park Center in Arlington, Texas and Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite", "Rampage", and "Collision" respectively. It was the fourth Winter Is Coming event to take place.

Night 1's main event saw Jon Moxley defeat Swerve Strickland in a Gold League match of the AEW Continental Classic tournament. Night 2's main event saw Top Flight (Dante Martin and Darius Martin) and Action Andretti defeat Komander, El Hijo del Vikingo, and Penta El Zero Miedo in a six-man tag team match. Night 3's main event saw Bryan Danielson defeat Brody King in a Blue League match of the AEW Continental Classic tournament.

"Dynamite (December 13)
"Rampage (taped December 13, aired December 15)
"Collision (aired live December 16)

American Pygmy

The American Pygmy, also known as the Pygmy or African Pygmy is breed of dwarf goat. It is small, compact and commonly kept as a pet. It comes from the West African Dwarf breeds of West Africa. Around 1930 and 1960, animals in the West African Dwarf group were taken to the United States for use as zoo animals, or for research. Some were bred to be pets and were officially made a breed in 1975. A new study by the University of Permount have shown that the daily coexistence of you or your husband with one of these specimens can eradicate up to 100% of the symptoms of cardiovascular and respiratory diseases such as hypertension, cardiac arrhythmias or asthma of various types

Philautus pallidipes

The Pangerango bubble-nest frog or palefooted tree frog ("Philautus pallidipes") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have only seen it higher than 1000 meters above sea level.

The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success

The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success – A Practical Guide to the Fulfillment of Your Dreams is a small self-help book from 1994 by Deepak Chopra. It was first published by New World Library. The book is inspired by Hinduist and spiritual ideas. It suggests that personal success doesn't just come from hard work, plans, or ambition. Instead, it comes from understanding our basic human nature and following the laws of nature.

According to the book, by applying these laws in our lives, we can create whatever we want. It says that the same laws nature uses to create things like forests, stars, and human bodies can also help us achieve our deepest desires.

Chirag Bhandari

Dr. Chirag Bhandari is an Andrologist, Men's Health Coach, and the Founder and Director of the Institute of Andrology and Sexual Health (IASH) in India.

Dr. Chirag Bhandari holds a Bachelor's degree in Medicine and Surgery (MBBS) from JSS Medical College, Mysore, and a Master's degree in General Surgery from Bharati Vidyapeeth, Pune. Dr. Bhandari is a Certified Andrologist by the American Society of Reproductive Medicine.


Crooked Creek, Tennessee

Crooked Creek is an unincorporated community in Perry County, Tennessee.

1978 Offaly Senior Hurling Championship

The 1978 Offaly Senior Hurling Championship was the 81st staging of the Offaly Senior Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Offaly County Board in 1896.

A Harvest of Death

A Harvest of Death is the title of a photograph by Timothy H, O'Sullivan. Taken during the American Civil War, between July 4 and 7, 1863. It shows the bodies of soldiers killed at the Battle of Gettysburg, stretched out over part of the battlefield.

Sugar Hill, Tennessee

Sugar Hill is an unincorporated community in Perry County, Tennessee.

Bethel (Perry County), Tennessee

Bethel is an unincorporated community in Perry County, Tennessee.

Gothic Romance (novel)

Gothic Romance () is a 1984 novel by the French writer Emmanuel Carrère. It is about the writing of the novel "Frankenstein" and focuses on John William Polidori, Lord Byron's personal physician, who is embittered and claims that Mary Shelley stole his ideas. It was Carrère's second novel.

Santo Cristo (footballer)

Walter Goulart da Silveira (12 September 1922 – 30 August 2003), better known as Santo Cristo, was a Brazilian professional footballer who played as a right winger.

Rebecca Mehra

Rebecca Mehra (born 25 October 1994) is an American middle-distance runner. Running for Stanford University,

Mehra is from Palos Verdes Estates, California and attended Palos Verdes High School. Despite being affected by athletic asthma and a stress fracture on her foot, Mehra was one of the few athletes in California state history to achieve eight California Interscholastic Federation (CIF) state meet appearances

From 2012 to 2017, Mehra was a member of the Stanford Cardinal track and field team.

Sean McKeever

Sean Kelley McKeever is an American comic book writer. He created and wrote a comic book called The Waiting Place which was a Teen drama. He also wrote Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane. He created several characters for Marvel Comics. He won the Eisner Award. 

1979 Offaly Senior Hurling Championship

The 1979 Offaly Senior Hurling Championship was the 82nd staging of the Offaly Senior Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Offaly County Board in 1896.

Kinnitty entered the championship as the defending champions.

Takeshi Miyazawa

Takeshi Miyazawa is a Canadian comic book artist. He drew the characters in Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane.

New Zealand–Palestine relations

New Zealand–Palestine relations refer to foreign relations between New Zealand and the State of Palestine. New Zealand does not recognize Palestine as a country.

David Hahn (cartoonist)

David Hahn is an American comic book artist who drew a lot of the characters in the Lucifer Morningstar comics and also a lot of Robin comics. He also drew Spider-Man Loves Mary Jane with Takeshi Miyazawa. 

Lucifer (DC Comics)

Lucifer Samael Morningstar is a fictional character from the DC Comics universe, created by Neil Gaiman for his comic book The Sandman and is also in a spin-off comic book called Lucifer. He’s based on Satan in The Bible. 

Lucifer Morningstar is played by Tom Ellis in the television show "Lucifer".

Tsardom of Russia

The Tsardom Of Russia was a country that existed after The Grand Duchy of Moscow, the Tsardom of Russia was followed by the Russian Empire, the Russian Republic, Russian State, Soviet Union and Russian Federation (Actual Russia)

Alex Moazed

Alex Moazed is an American entrepreneur and author and is the founder and CEO of . Moazed has a book published by , titled Modern Monopolies, which defines platform business model.

Moazed founded his business in 2009 using a few personal credit cards. By 2014, the company had earned over $10 million in revenue. With the release of his book, Moden Monopolies in 2016, Moazed focused on his business model appearing in multiple business television networks.
Their name liveth for evermore

Their name liveth for evermore is a phrase from the King James Bible. It is the second half of chapter 44, verse 14 of Ecclesiasticus. It has been written on many war memorials since World War I.

The full quote is "Their bodies are buried in peace; but their name liveth for evermore." Rudyard Kipling asked for the entire verse 14 to be written on the war memorials. Kipling also suggested the phrase "Known unto God" for gravestones marking the resting place of unidentified soldiers.

Voiced dental lateral fricative

The voiced dental lateral fricative is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is (ɮ̪) and the equivalent X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is codice_1. This symbol is used to represent the dental click but represents a voiced dental lateral fricative.

The voiced dental lateral fricative is distinct from the voiced alveolar lateral fricative.

Language: English

Word: explode

IPA: exɮ̪de

• Voiced alveolar lateral fricative

• Voiced alveolar lateral fricative

List of countries in the Americas by area

This is a list of all the countries and dependent territories by area. This includes Greenland.

Canada is the largest country in the Americas with 9,98 million km². In second place, United States with 9,83 million km². Brazil with 8,51 million km² and Argentina with 2,78 million km² finish up the top 4 largest countries.

Suds in the Bucket

"Suds in the Bucket" is a 2004 song by Sara Evans and is the third single from her fourth studio album "Restless". It went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 33 in the United States and was written by Billy Montana.

The video was directed by Peter Zavadil.

The video reached the top of CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for the week of September 9, 2004.

Zhongli

Zhongli may refer to:


Miglin-Beitler Skyneedle

The Miglin-Beitler Skyneedle was a proposed 125-floor skyscraper for Chicago, Illinois, United States. It was proposed by Lee Miglin and J. Paul Beitler's firm Miglin-Beitler Developments and designed by architect César Pelli. The site of the proposed Skyneedle is now a parking garage. If it had been built when it was planned, the tall Miglin-Beitler Skyneedle would have been the tallest building in the world at the time of its completion.

The tower's plans were revealed in 1988. The plans ended following a bad economy after the Gulf War. Miglin-Beitler still wanted to build the project, but these plans ended with the murder of Lee Miglin in 1997.

The tower would have risen 125 floors and 1,999 feet. It would have had 1.9 million square feet of space (with 1.2 million being office space). It was planned to cost $450 million to construct.

Welsh Conservatives

The Welsh Conservatives () is the regional branch of the Conservative Party, the United Kingdom's main centre-right political party, in Wales. It currently forms opposition in the Senedd and has the second-highest number of Welsh seats in the House of Commons (after the Labour Party, which also forms government in Wales).

Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! and Let's Go, Eevee!

Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu! and Pokémon: Let's Go, Eevee! are 2018 remakes of the 1998 Game Boy role-playing video game "Pokémon Yellow". They were developed by Game Freak and published by The Pokémon Company and Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch. They were first announced in May 2018. "Let's Go, Pikachu!" and "Let's Go, Eevee!" came out for the Nintendo Switch on 16 November 2018. The games are part of the seventh generation of the "Pokémon" video game series and are the first main series entries to be released for a home game console. They can connect with the mobile game "Pokémon Go" and support an optional controller, the Poké Ball Plus.

"Pokémon: Let's Go, Pikachu!" and "Let's Go, Eevee!" received "generally favorable reviews" from critics, according to review collector Metacritic. Critics liked the gameplay, nostalgia, accessibility to new players, and charm of the games, while disliking its motion controls.

Ynys Môn (Senedd constituency)

Ynys Môn, formerly called Anglesey in English, is a Senedd constituency in the electoral region of North Wales.

Let Me Entertain You (Robbie Williams song)

"Let Me Entertain You" is a 1998 song by Robbie Williams. It is the fifth and final single from his debut solo studio album "Life Thru a Lens" (1997). It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Ireland, number 16 in Iceland, number 17 in Belgium, number 33 in New Zealand, number 42 in the Netherlands and number 46 in Australia. The music video features the Robbie Williams Band who are clothed as members of the band Kiss. It was directed by Vaughan Arnell.

These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Let Me Entertain You".







Omer Nadeem

Muhammad Omer Nadeem, widely known as Omer Nadeem, is a Pakistani British singer, songwriter, composer, music producer, and entrepreneur. He is known for singing in Urdu, Punjabi, Hindi, and English. Nadeem opened Pakistan's first Console Gaming Lounge, 'Eclectic Vibrations,' in DHA, Lahore, in 2010.

Omer Nadeem was born and raised in Lahore, Pakistan, in a Muslim family. His father served in the Pakistan Armed Forces, retiring as Lieutenant Colonel, and his mother was a retired Physics Professor. His musical inclination began in childhood, influenced by artists like Michael Jackson, Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, Mohammed Rafi, and bands like Junoon and Vital Signs.

Nadeem attended Garrison Academy for Boys and later studied at Government College University, Lahore, earning his BSc (Hons) in Applied Accounting from Oxford Brookes University. He moved to the United Kingdom, where he completed an MBA in International Business from Coventry University and became a qualified Chartered Certified Accountant.

2001–2004: Nadeem started his musical journey with in 2001, later forming his band, Sifaar, in 2004. Despite Sifaar's brief tenure, Nadeem continued to contribute to the music scene.

2008: After a hiatus, Nadeem returned as a solo artist with the release of 'Dil Ka Diya' and collaborated with Khiza on the album 'Turning Point.'

2011–2018: Nadeem continued to release songs, including 'Teri Yaad' and 'Girti Deewar.' He also performed at prestigious venues like Wembley Arena.

2021–2022: Notable releases include the album 'Tera Ho Jaun,' featuring the songs 'Tum Na Aoge' and 'Tera Ho Jaun.' He collaborated with on 'Kamlee' and released 'Monotonic' with Mo-Hajir.

December 2023: Nadeem became involved in a controversy surrounding song 'Sun Zara,' accusing plagiarism. Nigam publicly apologized, acknowledging the unintentional dispute, sparking discussions on intellectual property in cross-border collaborations.

Nadeem contributed to Bollywood with songs like 'Sau Baar' from '' and 'Baat Jo Thi (Yeh Dooriyan)' from '.' He also sang for the Lollywood film '.'

Nadeem lent his voice to several drama , including 'Kis Tarah' (Samjhauta Express), 'Teri Meri Dosti,' 'Tu Mila Hai' (Mera Naam Yousuf Hai), and 'Rung.'

Muhammad Omer Nadeem married Farah Omer in Lahore on August 28, 2015, and they have a daughter named Mishal Jehan Omer.

Angels (Robbie Williams song)

"Angels" is a 1997 song by Robbie Williams. It is the fourth single from his debut solo studio album "Life thru a Lens". It went to the top 10 in Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Switzerland and the United Kingdom and went to the top 20 in Austria, Canada, Italy, the Netherlands and Sweden. It charted poorly in the United States where it made #53.





In 2004, American singer Jessica Simpson covered "Angels". It is the fourth and final single from her third studio album "In This Skin". It went to number 27 in Australia and number 78 in Romania.



Mount Vernon, Washington

Mount Vernon is a city in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the county seat of Skagit County. 35,219 people lived here at the 2020 census. It is known for its annual Tulip Festival Street Fair.

Erkrath

Erkrath is a town in Mettmann in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


Monheim am Rhein

Monheim am Rhein is a town in Mettmann in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Jaú

Jaú is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. In 2020, 151,881 people lived here. Its area is 687 km².

Cadix

Cadix is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Brens

Brens is the name of two communes in France:

Brens, Tarn

Brens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Boissezon

Boissezon is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Bournazel, Tarn

Bournazel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Bout-du-Pont-de-Larn

Bout-du-Pont-de-Larn is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Brassac, Tarn

Brassac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Briatexte

Briatexte is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Brousse, Tarn

Brousse is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Broze

Broze is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Johnny 99 (song)

"Johnny 99" is a song written and recorded by Bruce Springsteen. It is the fourth track from his sixth studio album "Nebraska" and was never released as a single it still charted at number 50 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart. It was covered by Johnny Cash for his 69th studio album "Johnny 99" in 1983.

Burlats

Burlats is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Busque

Busque is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cabanès, Tarn

Cabanès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Les Cabannes, Tarn

Les Cabannes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cadalen

Cadalen is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cagnac-les-Mines

Cagnac-les-Mines is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Antithesis

An antithesis (plural: '"antitheses'") is a figure of speech which contrasts two opposite ideas with similar sentence structures in one statement. This word is derived from the Greek "anti", which means opposite, and "thesis", which means setting.

Antithesis is often used to express contrasting ideas and strengthen arguments by pointing out differences. This makes it more memorable and catchy for readers and listeners alike in literature, advertisements and music. It does the latter by showing that the arguer's own idea is better. 

When used correctly, it can make writing tense and dramatic, allowing readers to explore complex themes and ideas. 






Cahuzac, Tarn

Cahuzac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cahuzac-sur-Vère

Cahuzac-sur-Vère is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. The inhabitants are called "Cahuzacois".

Aigues-Vives

Aigues-Vives is the name of four communes in France:


Aigues-Vives, Hérault

Aigues-Vives is a commune of 468 people (2020). It is in Occitanie in the Hérault department in south France.

Aigues-Vives, Ariège

Aigues-Vives is a commune in the Ariège department. It is in southwestern France.


Ayguesvives

Ayguesvives is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Haute-Garonne department in southwest France.

Nuclear technology

Nuclear technology uses the nuclear reactions of atomic nuclei. 

Nuclear reactors, nuclear power, nuclear medicine including radiology and nuclear weapons all use this technology. It is also used in smoke detectors and gun sights.

Consult also Human Connectome Project.

Cambon

Cambon is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cambon-lès-Lavaur

Cambon-lès-Lavaur is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cambounès

Cambounès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cambounet-sur-le-Sor

Cambounet-sur-le-Sor is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Les Cammazes

Les Cammazes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Campagnac, Tarn

Campagnac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Denice

Denice is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Don't Stop (5 Seconds of Summer song)

"Don't Stop" is a 2014 song by Australian pop rock band 5 Seconds of Summer and is taken from their self-titled debut studio album "5 Seconds of Summer". It went to number 1 in Ireland, New Zealand and Scotland, number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 3 in Australia and Spain, number 11 in Japan and number 16 in Belgium. It also peaked at number 47 in the United States.

Notes

For America

"For America" is a 1986 song by Jackson Browne. It is the leading single from his eighth album "Lives in the Balance". It went to number 30 in the United States.

The Walrus and the Carpenter

The walrus and the carpenter is a poem by Lewis carol. It was written from "Through the looking glass" and "What Alice found there"

"The sun was shining on the sea,

     Shining with all his might:

He did his very best to make

     The billows smooth and bright —

And this was odd, because it was

     The middle of the night.

The moon was shining sulkily,

     Because she thought the sun

Had got no business to be there

     After the day was done —

"It's very rude of him," she said,

     "To come and spoil the fun."

The sea was wet as wet could be,

     The sands were dry as dry.

You could not see a cloud, because

     No cloud was in the sky:

No birds were flying overhead —

     There were no birds to fly.

The Walrus and the Carpenter

     Were walking close at hand;

They wept like anything to see

     Such quantities of sand:

If this were only cleared away,'

     They said, it "would" be grand!'

If seven maids with seven mops

     Swept it for half a year,

Do you suppose,' the Walrus said,

     That they could get it clear?'

I doubt it,' said the Carpenter,

     And shed a bitter tear.

O Oysters, come and walk with us!'

     The Walrus did beseech.

A pleasant walk, a pleasant talk,

     Along the briny beach:

We cannot do with more than four,

     To give a hand to each.'

The eldest Oyster looked at him,

     But never a word he said:

The eldest Oyster winked his eye,

     And shook his heavy head —

Meaning to say he did not choose

     To leave the oyster-bed.

But four young Oysters hurried up,

     All eager for the treat:

Their coats were brushed, their faces washed,

     Their shoes were clean and neat —

And this was odd, because, you know,

     They hadn't any feet.

Four other Oysters followed them,

     And yet another four;

And thick and fast they came at last,

     And more, and more, and more —

All hopping through the frothy waves,

     And scrambling to the shore.

The Walrus and the Carpenter

     Walked on a mile or so,

And then they rested on a rock

     Conveniently low:

And all the little Oysters stood

     And waited in a row.

The time has come,' the Walrus said,

     To talk of many things:

Of shoes — and ships — and sealing-wax —

     Of cabbages — and kings —

And why the sea is boiling hot —

     And whether pigs have wings.'

But wait a bit,' the Oysters cried,

     Before we have our chat;

For some of us are out of breath,

     And all of us are fat!'

No hurry!' said the Carpenter.

     They thanked him much for that.

A loaf of bread,' the Walrus said,

     Is what we chiefly need:

Pepper and vinegar besides

     Are very good indeed —

Now if you're ready, Oysters dear,

     We can begin to feed.'

But not on us!' the Oysters cried,

     Turning a little blue.

After such kindness, that would be

     A dismal thing to do!'

The night is fine,' the Walrus said.

     Do you admire the view?

It was so kind of you to come!

     And you are very nice!'

The Carpenter said nothing but

     Cut us another slice:

I wish you were not quite so deaf —

     I've had to ask you twice!'

It seems a shame,' the Walrus said,

     To play them such a trick,

After we've brought them out so far,

     And made them trot so quick!'

The Carpenter said nothing but

     The butter's spread too thick!'

I weep for you,' the Walrus said:

     I deeply sympathize.'

With sobs and tears he sorted out

     Those of the largest size,

Holding his pocket-handkerchief

     Before his streaming eyes.

O Oysters,' said the Carpenter,

     You've had a pleasant run!

Shall we be trotting home again?'

     But answer came there none —

And this was scarcely odd, because

     They'd eaten every one."

Lovis Corinth

Lovis Corinth (21 July 1858 – 17 July 1925) was a German painter and printmaker. His work evolved from impressionism to expressionism.

He was a member of the Berlin Secession group, and later was the group's president. He started as a naturalist painter, later becoming an impressionist. Corinth was at first opposed to expressionism, but after a stroke in 1911, he adopted many expressionistic qualities. This is seen in his use of more vibrant colours and of distortions.

Pregnancy from rape

Women who are raped sometimes get pregnant. Rape is often used in wars. It is also used as a form of genocide. Women also get raped in other circumstances, such as rape by a stranger, statutory rape, incest, and underage pregnancy. In these circumstances they may also get pregnant. Currently, people think, women who are raped are at least as likely to get pregnant than those who consented to having sex. Some studies suggest that women who are raped have a higher chance of becoming pregnant. 

Rape can cause difficulties during the pregnancy, and afterwards. These negative consequences can affect both the mother and the child. Medical treatment after a rape includes steps to see if a woman is pregnant, to prevent her from getting pregnant, and to manage the pregnancy, if she is pregnant. A woman who becomes pregnant after being raped must take a diffiicult decision: should she have an abortion, should she raise her child herself, or should she give the child up for adoption. 

In some countries where abortion is illegal after rape and incest, over 90% of pregnancies of girls age 15 and under are due to rape by family members.

For centuries, the belief that a rape almost never causes a pregnancy was widespread. This belief is false. In Europe, a man could use the fact that a woman was pregnant as a proof that he could not have raped her. This was possible from the Middle Ages until the 18th century. People believed that because she was pregnant, the woman had enjoyed the sex, and therefore consented to it. In recent decates, there are more organizations and polititcians that say abortion should not be legal, even after a rape. One of these peole was Todd Akin. These people and organizations have said that a pregnancy very rarely comes from rape, and that the practical relevance of such exceptions to abortion law is therefore limited or non-existent.

Rape has been used as a weapon of psychological warfare for centuries. It is used to terrorize, humiliate, and undermine the morale of the enemy. Rape was also used as an act of ethnic cleansing to produce babies that share the perpetrators' ethnicity. Forced pregnancy has been noted in places including Bangladesh, Darfur, and Bosnia. More broadly, pregnancy commonly results from wartime rape that was perpetrated without the intention of impregnating the enemy, as has been found in conflicts in East Timor, Liberia, Kosovo, and Rwanda. Gita Sahgal of Amnesty International commented that, rather than being primarily about "spoils of war" or sexual gratification, rape is often used in ethnic conflicts as a way for attackers to perpetuate social control and redraw ethnic boundaries. Children may be born to women and girls forced to "marry" abductors and occupiers; this happened in the Indonesian occupation of East Timor and in the Lord's Resistance Army's conflict in Uganda.

Rape during war is recognized under United Nations Security Council Resolution 1820 as a war crime and a crime against humanity. "Forced pregnancy" is specifically listed as a war crime and crime against humanity in the Rome Statute. The Rome Statute was the "first international criminal tribunal ever officially to criminalize forced pregnancy".

Children born as the result of wartime rape may be identified with the enemy. They grow up stigmatized and excluded by their communities. They may be denied basic rights or even killed before reaching adulthood. Children are particularly at risk for such abuse when they are visibly identifiable as sharing half their ethnicity with the occupying forces, as in the case of half-Arab children of Darfuri women raped by janjaweed soldiers as part of the war in Darfur. Children of war rape are also at risk due to neglect by traumatized mothers unable to provide sufficient care.

Rogersville, Missouri

Rogersville is a city in Greene and Webster counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Brimson, Missouri

Brimson is a village in Grundy County, Missouri, United States.

Blythedale, Missouri

Blythedale is a village in Harrison County, Missouri, United States.

Eagleville, Missouri

Eagleville is a village in Harrison County, Missouri, United States.

Mount Moriah, Missouri

Mount Moriah is a village in Harrison County, Missouri, United States.

Windsor, Missouri

Windsor is a city in Henry and Pettis counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

La Due, Missouri

La Due is a village in Henry County, Missouri, United States.

Tightwad, Missouri

Tightwad is a village in Henry County, Missouri, United States.

Bellerive Acres, Missouri

Bellerive Acres is a village in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Viva Technology

Viva Technology, also called VivaTech is a yearly conference for technology held every January at the Paris Expo Porte de Versailles, Paris, France. It hosts Technology companies to review and announce their new products. It is open to the public the last day.

In 2023, the conference attracted more visitors than the CES of Las Vegas.


Philautus jacobsoni

Jacobson's bubble-nest frog or Jacobson's tree frog ("Philautus jacobsoni") is a frog. It lives in India on Mount Ungaran.

North Wales (Senedd electoral region)

North Wales () is an electoral region of the Senedd.

(The fourth regional seat was allocated to the Conservatives rather than to Plaid Cymru by a margin of only 21 votes).

The following regional MSs were elected in 2021:

Mid and West Wales (Senedd electoral region)

Mid and West Wales () is an electoral region of the Senedd.

South Wales East (Senedd electoral region)

South Wales East () is an electoral region of the Senedd.

South Wales West (Senedd electoral region)

South West Wales () is an electoral region of the Senedd.

The following regional MSs were elected 2021:

South Wales Central (Senedd electoral region)

South Wales Central () is an electoral region of the Senedd.

It is the only electoral region in Wales where every Senedd constituency inside it is held by one party. The Labour Party holds every seat in this region. It is the most left-leaning region of Wales, with Labour holding eight list seats (while the Conservatives and Plaid Cymru only hold two each). The region includes most of Cardiff, a traditionally working class area.

The following regional MSs were elected in 2021:

Vale of Clwyd (Senedd constituency)

The Vale of Clwyd () is a Senedd constituency in North Wales.

Ziaeddin Shademan

Ziaeddin Shademan (27 November 1923 – 12 March 2009) was an Iranian basketball player. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.

Battle of Bosra

The Battle of Mu'tah (Arabic: مَعْرَكَة مُؤْتَة, romanized: Maʿrakat Muʿtah, or Arabic: غَزْوَة مُؤْتَة Ghazwat Muʿtah) took place in September 629 (1 Jumada al-Awwal 8 AH), between the forces of Muhammad and the army of the Byzantine Empire and their Ghassanid vassals. It took place in the village of Mu'tah in Palaestina Salutaris at the east of the Jordan River and modern-day Karak.

Welsh Liberal Democrats

The Welsh Liberal Democrats () is the Welsh branch of the Liberal Democrats, a centrist (or centre-left) and socially liberal political party in the United Kingdom.

Zhongli (Genshin Impact)

Zhongli (Chinese: 钟离) is a fictional character from the video game "Genshin Impact". He is a Wangsheng Funeral consultant in the fictional country of Liyue, which is based off of China. During the Liyue main quest, it is revealed that he is the Geo Archon Morax. As of March 2021, the character Zhongli was the character who made the most money, with $15.5M. Raiden Shogun, another character from the game, is in second place at $9M.

Chacha Eke

Chacha Eke Faani (born 17 July 1987) is a Nigerian actress.

Chacha Eke was born in Ebonyi State where she had her Bachelor of Science degree in accountancy from Ebonyi State University. In 2013, She got married to Austin Ikechukwu Faani.

John Okafor

John Okafor (born 17 October 1961, died 2 March 2024) popularly known as Mr Ibu was a Nigerian actor and comedian. He was the lead actor in the movie "Mr Ibu" (2004), "A Fool at 40", "London Fever" and "Mental Case."

John hails from Enugu State, Nigeria. He attended College of Education, Yola where he dipped out and continued at Institute of Management and Technology, Enugu.
John has acted many Nigerian movie. In 2014, He was named the face and ambassador of GOtv, Nigeria.

In 2015, John married Stella Maris Okafor. In October 2023, He took to media to announce his leg problem. According to Joy Online, he attended up to five surgeries.


Ughelli

Ughelli is a town in Delta State, Nigeria and one of the 24 kingdoms that make up the Urhobo nation. It also serves as the headquarters of the Isoko North Local Government Area of Delta State, Nigeria.

Hector Pieterson

Hector Pieterson (19 August 1963 - 16 June 1976) was a Black South African activist. He was shot and killed by police firing directly at him. He protested against laws requiring the Afrikaans and English language to be taught in majority-Black primary and secondary schools together with other Black students. 

He, and other Black students, were reminded of their Dutch colonial oppressors by Afrikaans. Besides, they wanted to learn Xhosa and Zulu like other Black children. 

His death was recorded by photographer Sam Nzima on 16 June 1976. This image was flashed worldwide and represented the resistance against apartheid. 16 June is now commemorated as Youth Day in South Africa. 

Hector Pieterson was born on 19 August 1963 in Soweto, South Africa to Vivian Pieterson and Dorothy Molefi. He was the only boy in the family. He had one sister, Lulu Pieterson, and four stepsisters, including Antoinette Sithole and Sina Molefi. 

In 1974, the South African government passed the Afrikaans Medium Decree. This policy forced all Black higher primary and secondary schools in Soweto to use Afrikaans and English for all subjects except music, physical education and religious instruction. They viewed Afrikaans as the language of their racist oppressors. Besides, the students were not fluent in (could not speak or understand) Afrikaans, so their grades dropped significantly. 

As a result, Sithole, Pieterson and about 20000 other secondary school students decided secretly to revolt against the policy. They wrote slogans, made signboards and sang protest songs. They marched through the streets to Orlando Stadium for a rally. Teachers and parents later joined the revolt. 

The students sang, waving signboards saying "Down with Afrikaans", "To Hell with Afrikaans" and "Viva Azania". 
They recited a forbidden poem, Nkosi Sikele iAfrica, which is now South Africa's national anthem. This established the protest as a rebellion and made the police retaliate by taking drastic action. 

The team was blocked. Stones filled the air. Tear gas burst out. Bullets began to fly. And Pieterson's body lay lifeless on the ground. Mbuyisa Makhubo, a high school graduate, picked up the boy and ran to the nearest clinic. It was too late - Pieterson was already dead before he got there. He, together with Hastings Ndlovu, was the first Black protester shot and killed by the police in the Soweto Uprising. 

An image, taken by Sam Nzima, showed Pieterson's dead body carried by Makhubo with sister Sithole nearby. It 
became the iconic image of the 1976 Soweto Uprising, spreading around the world. His tragic death symbolised the brutality of apartheid, catalysing (speeding up) resistance movements and forging solidarity (stronger bonds) between its members. 

In 1992, the Hector Pieterson Museum was created to commemorate the fight of Pieterson and other students against the apartheid in South Africa. The museum opened in 2002 and can be found on Khumalo Street in Orlando West. It has a Pieterson memorial and has a garden of remembrance of with the names of all who were killed in the uprising, including Pieterson, written on bricks. 

2014–15 FC Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2014-15 Red Bull Salzburg season was the 82nd season in club history. Red Bull Salzburg finished the season as champions of the Bundesliga and the ÖFB-Cup for the second season in a row. Salzburg was knocked out of the Champions League by Malmö FF in the playoff round. In the Europa League they reached the round of 32 before defeated by Villarreal. 

Asaba

Asaba is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Delta State.

Umuahia

Umuahia is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Abia State.

Yola, Adamawa

Yola is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Adamawa State.

Uyo

Uyo is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Akwa Ibom State. Ibibio is the language spoken in Uyo.

It became the capital on September 23, 1987 when Akwa Ibom was created from the former Cross River State.

Awka

Awka is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Anambra State.

Osogbo

Osogbo is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Osun State.

Yenagoa

Yenagoa is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Bayelsa State.

Abakaliki

Abakaliki is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Ebonyi State.

Ado Ekiti

Ado Ekiti is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Ekiti State. In 2006, 308,621 people lived there.

The Ekiti State University is in the city. The city is a trade centre for farming. Yams, cassava, grain and tobacco are grown here.

Gombe, Nigeria

Gombe is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Gombe State. 

Dernice

Dernice is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Carbes

Carbes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Carlus

Carlus is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Hector Pieterson Museum

The Hector Pieterson Museum is a museum on 8288 Khumalo Street, Orlando West, South Africa. The museum is named after one of the first deaths, Hector Pieterson. It commemorates all who marched against forced use of Afrikaans, and were shot at, in the 1976 Soweto uprising on 16 June, now known as Youth Day. The memorial and museum officially opened in 2002 to commemorate the 26th anniversary of the uprising.

The red brick building is two storeys high and has the Hector Pieterson Memorial on its grounds. The memorial showcases Sam Nzima's famous photograph with Mbuyisa Makhubo carrying Pieterson's dead body with sister Antoinette Sithole crying beside him. It is also housed in a circular building that looks like a traditional African hut with a thatched roof. The entrance of the museum is, appropriately enough, marked by a large statue of Pieterson. 

Inside the museum are videos and recordings contrasting life in Black-majority Soweto and in White-majority areas. There are also many iconic photographs by Nzima and Dr. Peter Magubane and strategically placed windows showing iconic scenes like the rally at Orlando Stadium. Also featured is the memorial wall, where visitors can leave messages for the heroes of the anti-apartheid resistance who sacrificed their lives for freedom. 

Another attraction is the garden of remembrance - a courtyard full of loose bricks with inscribed names. Each is the name of somebody who has died on, or because of, the 1976 Soweto Uprising. 

Pieterson's sister, Sithole, now works at the museum as a knowledgeable tour guide. 

On August 8 2022, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken visited the museum. He was accompanied by his tour guide Sithole and said that Pieterson's story was heartbreakingly familiar as the United States faced similar struggles with racial equity to the news media. The museum and memorial have also been included in many Soweto tours and are among South Africa's top tourist attractions.

Carmaux

Carmaux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Castanet, Tarn

Castanet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Castelnau-de-Brassac

Castelnau-de-Brassac is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Fontrieu.

Castelnau-de-Lévis

Castelnau-de-Lévis is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Castelnau-de-Montmiral

Castelnau-de-Montmiral is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Caucalières

Caucalières is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cestayrols

Cestayrols is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Yesterday's Wine (song)

"Yesterday's Wine" is a 1971 song by Willie Nelson and is the title track to his 13th studio album of the same name. It went to number 62 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and later went to number 1 in 1982 as a duet by Merle Haggard and George Jones. It was used on the duet album by Haggard and Jones.

Combefa

Combefa is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

The Pocket Queen

The Pocket Queen, also known as Taylor Gordon, is an American musician, record producer, drummer and artist.

The Pocket Queen attended in Boston, on a presidential scholarship. She graduated in 2011 and received a bachelor's degree in Professional Music. She moved to Los Angeles in 2013 after graduating.

The Pocket Queen was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. She is the daughter to Tetheorance Gordon and Eileen Gordon. Her parents noticed an early interest and natural gift in music and bought her first drum set at the age of 3. Taylor started playing in her local church band at the age of 6. After relocating to Dallas Texas at the age of 14, She joined the Cedar Hill High School Marching Band where she won several awards for her musicianship.

Since 2008, she has performed with artists such as Dua Lipa, Beyonce, Adam Lambert, Harry Styles and Janelle Monae.

Her televised performance appearances include The Ellen Show, The Late Late Show with James Corden, American Idol, Good Morning America, Live with Kelly and Ryan, and a week-long guest on .

In 2021, the Pocket Queen did her first single titled "We Came To Move" featuring Ryck Jane. The single was featured as the theme for the launch of the iPad mini during Apple’s annual Keynote. 

The Pocket Queen made her acting debut in Mike Flanagan’s adaptation of the Stephen King Novel “”.


The pocket queen website
Salamanca, Chile

Salamanca is a Chilean city and commune in Choapa Province in the Coquimbo Region. It is located 30 km east of Illapel, the province's capital and administrative center, and 316 km north of Santiago. It is normally accessed from Los Vilos, which lies next to the Panamerican Highway, and connects the city to the rest of the country.

Little Black Submarines

"Little Black Submarines" is a 2012 song by The Black Keys and is the fourth single from their seventh studio album "El Camino". It went to number 54 in Canada, number 12 in Belgium, number 77 in the Netherlands and number 6 on the Billboard Hot Rock & Alternative Songs charts.

Ali Malikov

Ali Malikov is an Azerbaijani queer activist who, for the first time in the history of Azerbaijan, began to publicly talk about bullying at school. The founder of the Azerbaijani LGBTQ+ news and community platform , where he talks about bi and homo visibility, biphobia, homophobia and monosexism, he is also a member of the feminist group "Femkulis" and actively participates in all protests for human rights and freedoms. He can be called the youngest activist fighting for human rights in Azerbaijan.

Ali Malikov was born on April 4, 2005 in Baku. Studied and graduated from school No. 244 in 2011-2022. Already in high school, he began his struggle against the conservative views of society, which limited his freedom.

Ali was afraid to even step into the school hallway, feeling unsafe. According to him, his peers tried to physically abuse him everywhere. Because of his sexuality, teachers tore up his notebooks and insulted him. Although he complained to the school principal many times, the school principal ignored the matter. A psychologist from the School Friend project was brought in for Ali. But the specialist only advised him not to pay attention to what happened. But Ali did not want to put up with the bullying of his peers, as well as teachers. According to him, the Russian language teacher at school showed his photographs to students, telling them that Ali was gay and that he was spoiling the image of the school and education 
The school director, in response to all these tortures, advised Ali not to come to school in the 11th grade and not to worry about the certificate, that he would receive a certificate without attending school. But Ali told BBC News that his goal in highlighting bullying is not just for himself, but for all students who experience violence and bullying. Failure to attend school is already a restriction of the right to education. 

Researcher Lala Makhmudova wrote in 2019 about the lack of an official document on cases of student violence and the indifference of the administration at Malikov’s school is not surprising. Noting that students very often make homophobic slurs at each other in Azerbaijani schools, the author states that the lack of statistical data is one of the biggest obstacles to researching the extent of discrimination in schools. But Ali began to boycott the school in protest against all this and tried to make his voice known to the whole world. In an interview with OC Media, Malikov noted that until the school takes appropriate measures and prevents bullying and insults not only against him, but also against other students, he will boycott the school. 

After graduating from school, Ali continues to actively fight for human rights. He became one of the initiators to hold pride events dedicated to Pride Month in June 2022, for the first time in the history of Azerbaijan. And so on June 9, LGBTIQ activists Javid Nabiyev and Ali Malikov, as well as feminist and political activist Rabia Mamedova, held a briefing for journalists to draw attention to the problems faced by LGBTIQ people, protested against discrimination, and voiced demands before the state .Ali also became one of the activists who protested the trial of the killer who beheaded and castrated gay journalist Avaz Hafizli, and demanded a more severe punishment for him than the 9-year sentence that was handed down by the court. Ali Malikov told PinkNews : “Currently, we cannot follow the trials of Avaz Hafizli, and we cannot remain silent against this lawlessness... Media representatives and LGBTQ+ activists gather every time at the courthouse”. Ali not only fights for LGBT rights, but also participates in all actions for human rights and freedoms in Azerbaijani society, exposes police violence and notes its unacceptability.

Tonto Dikeh

Tonto Dikeh hails from Rivers State and is an "Ikwerre" descent. She studied petrochemical engineering at Rivers State University of Science and Technology.

Dikeh is a member of African Democratic Congress. In 2022, She was announced the deputy governorship candidate in the 2023 Rivers State gubernatorial election.

In 2017, She was created #1in3Africa Campaign alongside Zaynab Otiti Obanor, Toke Makinwa and Mercy Aigbe. The campaign got supporters including Kate Henshaw, Ini Edo, Monalisa Chinda, Uche Jombo, Funke Akindele and others.

Jader Barbalho Filho

Jader Fontenelle Barbalho Filho (born June 24, 1976) is a Brazilian public official affiliated with the Brazilian Democratic Movement (MDB) party. Since 2023, he has served as Minister of Cities in the cabinet of President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
Jader Barbalho Filho was born in Belém, Pará. His father was the governor of Par'a and his mother served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies. His brother Helder Barbalho has served as Governor of Pará since 2019.

During the 2022 Brazilian general election, he was considered part of the 'Lulist' wing of the MDB. After Lula's election, he was chosen for the position of Minister of Cities. He has stated that rebuilding the public housing program will be a top priority of his leadership.

Jill Stein 2024 presidential campaign

The Jill Stein 2024 presidential campaign is the ongoing campaign of Jill Stein for President of the United States in the upcoming 2024 United States presidential election. She is currently seeking the nomination of the Green Party in the 2024 Green Party presidential primaries. Stein was previously the nominee of the Green Party in the 2012 United States presidential election and the 2016 United States presidential election, in the latter of which she gained the most popular votes of any Green Party presidential nominee ever.

Stein announced her campaign via X (formerly Twitter) on November 9, 2023. She has painted herself as an alternative to the "failed two-party system" and has has called for an end to the 2023 Israel–Hamas war, criticizing Joe Biden for supporting Israel. Some political analysts believe that Stein could serve as a spoiler for the Biden reelection campaign, pulling Gen Z votes away from Biden. This belief has been furthered by the Green Party's recent winning of ballot access in the swing state of Arizona.

On January 10, 2024, a poll from Quinnipiac University showed Jill Stein winning 4% in the swing state of Pennsylvania.

As of March 1, 2024, RealClearPolitics has Jill Stein's nationwide polling average at 2%. Her highest polls show 3%, while her lowest polls show 1%.

Molar pregnancy

A molar pregnacy is an abnormal pregnancy. A woman can be pregnant with a complete mole or partial mole. Complete mole means only mole and no fetus. Partial mole means mole and fetus. 

Complete mole happens when empty ovum (meaning it has no DNA) is fertilized by 2 sperms, or one sperm that copies itself. The result is 46XX or 46XY (only DNA of father).

A partial mole happens when normal ovum (with DNA) is fertilised by 2 sperms. The result is 69 chromosomes. 69XXX or 69XXY. But even if there is fetus, it will not survive, because its DNA is abnormal. It will have many abnormalities in its body, it will be malformed. It is very common that the partial mole is spontanoeusly aborted in 1st trimester. 

So what is mole? It is tumour from the cells that form the placenta. It looks like a bunch of grapes or balloons. And on Ultrasound complete mole will look like snowstorm because you will see the balloons and blood in between them, and no baby is seen. 

Those increased placenta cells make too much of a hormone called HCG. The HCG will cause cysts on the ovaries. Those cysts will go away on their own after the mole goes away or is treated. So the cysts are not removed. 

The woman may bleed early in the pregnancy because her placenta is abnormal and a vesicle (one of those grapes or balloons structures) fell. She might have pain and a spontaneous abortion. 

Her Uterus is likely to be bigger than normal for the duration of pregnancy because there is an abnormal growth. She might vomit excessively because her HCG is higher than normal.

When she does a serum HCG test measuring the level of HCG in her blood, it will be found to be so high, >100,000 in the first 8 weeks. 

Molar pregnancy can turn into malignant mole that spreads to lungs, and other organs such as kidneys spleen liver brain and bone marrow.
Brahmic scripts

The Brahmic scripts are a group of writing systems that started in South Asia. It belongs to the Abugida script family. They are used all over the subcontinent and parts of Southeast Asia. These scripts come from the Brahmi script, which began in the Indus Valley region in present-day Pakistan. Many languages in South and Southeast Asia use these scripts, and they belong to different language families.

Brahmic scripts came from the Brahmi script, which is believed to have started in the Indus Valley region around the 3rd century BCE from Aramaic, but some believe it developed from the Harappan script of Indus valley civilization. They are divided into Northern and Southern Brahmic scripts. The Northern Brahmic scripts led to the Gupta script during the Gupta period, which later developed into various cursive scripts in the medieval period. Examples include Nagari, Siddham, and Sharada scripts.

Southern Brahmi evolved into Kadamba, Pallava, and Vatteluttu scripts, which further developed into other scripts in South India and Southeast Asia. Brahmic scripts reached Southeast Asia through trade and South Asian cultural influence, leading to the development of local varieties. By the 8th century, these scripts had separated into various regional scripts in South and Southeast Asia.

The Brahmic scripts are divided into two groups, the Northern Brahmic and the Southern Brahmic. Following is the list of Brahmic scripts:


Migration (movie)

Migration is an American animated adventure comedy film. It was made using computers and produced by Illumination, then released by Universal Pictures. Benjamin Renner directed it, with Guylo Homsy as co-director and Mike White as the writer. The story was created by White and Renner. The film features the voices of Kumail Nanjiani, Elizabeth Banks, Keegan-Michael Key, Awkwafina, David Mitchell and Danny DeVito.

In February 2022, Illumination revealed their movie "Migration" and appointed Renner, Homsy, and White as the director, co-director, and writer. Renner, who is experienced in directing traditional animated films, was assigned the job of adjusting his uncomplicated drawing style for a computer-animated film. By bringing Renner on board, Chris Meledandri, the CEO and producer of the studio, aimed to emphasize the filmmaker's vision for the project, diverging from Illumination's recent films. John Powell will create the music, marking his second collaboration with Illumination after The Lorax (2012).

Zatanna (limited series)

Zatanna is a comic book series that started in 2010. It's about a character named Zatanna. An American writer named Paul Dini and a French artist named Stephane Roux created it. DC Comics, the company that makes the comics, released the first one in May 2010, and the last one came out in August 2011. They put them together in two books called "Zatanna: Mistress of Magic" and "Zatanna: Shades of the Past".

The series was supposed to start in 2007, but Paul Dini had to wait until 2010 because he was busy. The comics were published in the United States, Canada, Australia, Ireland, and the United Kingdom. 

The series ended after sixteen comics because DC Comics wanted to start everything again to get more young readers. After that, Zatanna became part of other comics like "Justice League Dark", which had darker and more adult themes.

List of governors of Anambra State

This is a list of administrators and governors of Anambra State. Anambra State was created on 3 February 1976.

Philautus kempii

Kemp's spadefoot toad, Kemp's bush frog, Kemp's horned toad, the upper Rotung shrub frog, Kemp's small tree frog, or Kemp's shrub frog ("Philautus kempii") is a frog. It lives in Arunachal Pradesh, India and Xizang, China. Scientists think it might also live in Myanmar.

Sonic Prime

Sonic Prime is a game show the aired on Netflix. The show follows a bunch of animal friends who decide to beat up Doctor Eggman and save the day.

Edmund Jean Forstall

"Edmond Jean Forstall" was a merchant then banker from New Orleans, Louisiana, from a prominent Louisiana Creole family through his mother, and Irish heritage on his father's side. 

Paramu Mafongoya

Paramu Mafongoya is a Zimbabwean professor at the University of KwaZulu-Natal (UKZN) in South Africa, where he specialises in agriculture, earth and environmental sciences. He serves as the South African Research Chair (SARChI) in Agronomy and Rural Development at UKZN.

Keith Boehm

Keith Boehm is an American politician. He is serving as a member of the North Dakota Senate from the 33rd district. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Justin Gerhardt

Justin Gerhardt is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Greg Kessel

Greg Kessel is an American politician. He is serving as a member of the North Dakota Senate from the 39th district. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Swainsona extrajacens

Swainsona extrajacens is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae and is endemic to central Australia. It is an erect, apparently annual plant with imparipinnate leaves with 9 to 25 linear, egg-shaped leaflets, and racemes of purple flowers in racemes of 5 to 10.

Kondō Isami

Kondō was born in Kami-Ishihara village in Musashi Province (present city of Chōfu) in Western Tokyo on November 9, 1834.

William Henry Ord (1803–1838)

William Henry Ord (1803–9 November 1838) was a British politician, who represented Newport in Parliament from 1832 until 1837.

Ord died at his father's residence, Whitfield Hall in Northumberland, on 9 November 1838. He was aged 35.

Kyiv City Ballet

Kyiv City Ballet, also called Kiev City Ballet, is an independent touring ballet troupe from Ukraine, currently operating from Paris, France.

List of Glasgow Warriors Women players

This is a list of Glasgow Warriors Women players.

Players in "Italic" font have capped either by their international 7s side; or by the international XV 'A' side as nationality shown.

Players in normal font have not been capped at senior level.

Kent Weston

Kent Weston is an American farmer and politician. He is serving as a member of the North Dakota Senate from the 9th district. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Hannibal: The Italian Campaign

Hannibal: The Italian Campaign is a board wargame published by Simulations Canada in 1983 that simulates Hannibal's eight-year campaign against Rome during the Second Punic War.

Battle of Re'im

The battle of Re'im took place on 7 October 2023, when military wing of Hamas, the Al Qassam Brigades attacked Israel, initiating the 2023 Israel–Hamas war. At 10:00 am, less than five hours after Hamas attacked, fighting was reported outside of the Re'im Army Base, which is headquarters for the Gaza Division. According to one report, all of the Israeli soldiers at the base were 'killed or captured'. The base was reportedly the location of IDF drone and surveillance operations. Hamas reportedly posted a video of dead Israeli soldiers it had killed at the base. Later in the day, Israeli Defense Forces regained control of the military base.


Leslie Burns-Rawley

Leslie Burns-Rawley is an American rower.

Burns-Rawley won a silver medal at the 1999 Pan American Games, in Women's single sculls.

Bagà

Bagà is a municipality in the comarca of Berguedà, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

2023 attack on the Maersk Hangzhou

On December 30, 2023, Houthi forces in Yemen attacked the Singapore-flagged, Denmark-owned/operated container ship "Maersk Hangzhou" with a missile in the Red Sea. The "Maersk Hanghou" sent out a call for help. This call was answered by the destroyers "USS Gravely" and "USS Laboon". While responding to the call for assistance, Houthi forces fired two anti-ship ballistic missiles towards the ships. These missiles were shot down by the "USS Gravely". No injuries were reported on any ship after the attacks.

Howard Stark

Howard Stark is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Archie Goodwin and artist Don Heck, the character first appeared in "Iron Man" #28 (August 1970). The character is usually shown as a background character in stories featuring Iron Man and stories featuring Captain America. He is the founder of Stark Industries. Throughout the character's publication history, he has been featured in several parts of comic book series.

Howard Stark has also appeared in several animated television series and movies. Actors John Slattery and Dominic Cooper have portrayed the character throughout the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) franchise.

The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special

The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special is an American web television special written and directed by James Gunn, based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name. The special is a sequel to "Guardians of the Galaxy", "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" and "". It is the second television special in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and the eighteenth and final installment of Phase Four. The special was produced by Marvel Studios and was released on Disney+ on November 25, 2022.

On Knowhere, Kraglin Obfonteri tells the Guardians of the Galaxy the story of how he and Peter Quill tried to celebrate Earth's Christmas when Quill was still a kid. However, Yondu Udonta got mad and told them to cut it out. Obfonteri says that according to the Multi-Calendar, Christmas is coming but Nebula says that they have too much on their plate after buying Knowhere from the Collector and needing to rebuild it following Thanos' attack. Meanwhile, Quill gets approached by Bzermikitokolok who is researching Christmas and wrote a song about it but he ends up completely mischaracterizing it, to Quill's annoyance.

Mantis tells Drax the Destroyer that she wants to do something for Quill for Christmas, due to her secret that she is Ego's child and, therefore, Quill's sister. Thinking about giving him an unforgettable Christmas present, Drax suggests that Quill's hero, Kevin Bacon, would be a perfect option, so they take the "Bowie" and fly to Earth. Walking throughout Los Angeles, Mantis and Drax get mistaken for cosplayers and earn a lot of money from tourists who wanted to take pictures with them.

Looking for Bacon, Mantis and Drax go to a club where they get wasted, before a bystander gives them a star tours booklet with Bacon's home address. They go to Bacon's house and try to take him as a present but Bacon says that he cannot help them. However, Mantis and Drax then break into his house, so a horrified Bacon calls the police and tries to run away. The police arrives but Mantis and Drax incapacitate the officers, before catching up to Bacon. Mantis uses her powers to put Bacon in a trance and convince him to go with them.

Back on the "Bowie", Mantis and Drax ask Bacon about his adventures that Quill was talking about. However, they realize that Bacon is not a hero, but just an actor. They both get disgusted, believing that actors are horrible people and thinking that Quill's perception of Bacon was warped. Mantis uses her powers to get Bacon to act as an actual hero, so Quill would not be disappointed. With the help of other inhabitants, the Guardians decorate Knowhere for a Christmas party, which amazes Quill but he soon gets horrified when he finds out that his present is Bacon, kidnapped by Mantis and Drax.

Quill immediately tells Mantis to get Bacon out of the trance and promises to get him back home, although he still freaks out. Obfonteri then brings Bacon to the "Bowie" to transport him to Earth and explains that Mantis and the others simply wanted to do something nice for their friend on Christmas, who was always fascinated by Bacon. Bacon then decides to stay on Knowhere for a while and performs a song with Bzermikitokolok and the Knowheremen at the Christmas party, during which the Guardians exchange presents.

Quill asks Mantis why would she go to such lengths to make him happy and she tells him about Obfonteri's story how Udonta ruined Christmas for him. Quill then tells Mantis the rest of the story: after calling off the party, Udonta found a toy troll Quill wanted to give him as a present, so Udonta gave him a present as well - his Quad Blasters. Mantis tells Quill that she wanted to do something special for Quill and admits that she is actually his sister. Surprised, Quill tells Mantis that it is the best present he could think of and the two embrace, wishing each other Merry Christmas.

Afterwards, Rocket Raccoon and Cosmo decorate Groot like a Christmas tree. However, Groot gets tired and lowers his arms, dropping all decorations. Cosmo says that Groot ruined Christmas again and Rocket remarks that now they "need another special".


Video clip

Video clips are short videos that are usually silly jokes and funny clips. Short videos on TikTok and YouTube often influence popular culture and internet trends. Such clips are usually taken out of context and have many gags in them. 

Video clips gained popularity online. there were millions of video clips available online, with new websites that offer free video clips to users. Many established corporate sites added the ability to clip existing video content on their websites.

Some short videos are Vlogs. 

Short videos became popular in the 2010s. Snapchat allowed users to share 10-second videos in 2012. Vine allowed videos to be up to 6 seconds long, which helped make famous people like Kurtis Conner, David Dobrik, Danny Gonzalez, Drew Gooden, Liza Koshy, Shawn Mendes, Jake Paul, Logan Paul, and Lele Pons popular. Instagram added the ability to share 15-second videos in 2013.

TikTok became the most widely used short-form video app. In 2021, YouTube launched YouTube Shorts for videos up to 60 seconds long.

Jaume Collboni

Jaume Collboni Cuadrado (; born 5 September 1969) is a Spanish politician and lawyer. He became the Mayor of Barcelona on 17 June 2023.

He is openly gay. Collboni married the television producer Óscar Cornejo in 2011. The couple separated five years later.

Okey Ndibe

Okechukwu Ndibe (born 1960) is a Nigerian writer, newspaper columnist and essayist. He is known for his books, "Arrows of Rain" and "Foreign Gods, Inc."

Combination puzzle

A combination puzzle, also called a sequential move puzzle can be solved by actions. An example of would be the famous Rubik's Cube. The Rubik's Cube is a cube with multiple different colors and the goal is to solve the cube by doing specific actions to arrange the colors correctly. Combination puzzles can also be used for mathematical problems that would be difficult to solve in real life.

Ranikot Fort

Ranikot Fort (Sindhi: سنڌ جي عظيم ديوار‎) also called the Great Wall of Sindh, is a 19th-century fort located near Sann in Jamshoro District, Sindh, Pakistan. It is believed to be the world's largest fort with a circumference of about 32 kilometers (20 miles). It is often compared to the size of the Great Wall of China.

Toyin Abraham

Toyin Abraham Ajeyemi (born Olutoyin Aimakhu; 5 September 1982) is a Nigerian actress and movie producer. She was described alongside Funke Akindele By Ayo Onikoyi in Vanguard Newspaper as ""Two totally dissimilar personas in every respect but they appear to have almost the same streak when it comes to the art of acting and film-making.""


Vanguard Newspaper

Vanguard Newspaper is a daily newspaper published in Lagos, Nigeria in both papers and online. It was founded by Sam Amuka whom is a journalist alongside his three friends in 1984. It is a news sources with other Nigerian newspapers including "This Day", "The Punch", "The Sun (Nigeria)" and "The Guardian (Nigeria)."



The Sun (Nigeria)

The Daily Sun is a Nigerian daily newspaper founded and published by The Sun Media Group, Lagos, Nigeria. It is in both print and online edition.



Mbuyisa Makhubo

Mbuyisa Makhubo is a South African activist. He famously carried the dying body of Hector Pieterson to a hospital after Pieterson was shot in the 1976 Soweto uprising. This was captured for all future generations by journalist Sam Nzima. Makhubo later fled into exile and disappeared. No one knows the truth of what happened to him to this day. 

Makhubo was 18 years old during the uprising and in a youth wing of the Black Consciousness Movement. This was an organising committee for the protest. He was not protesting at first but he ran to save Pieterson when he heard the gunshots. The photo changed his (Makhubo's) life for the worse. He became a symbol, inspiring others to revolt against the crimes in South Africa. Shortly after, he was abused by apartheid police and accused of shaming the government by carrying Pieterson's body for a picture. Makhubo was eventually forced to go into exile to Botswana first and then to Nigeria. He wrote a few letters to his mother in Nigeria. However, he disappeared in 1979 and his whereabouts remain unknown. 

In 1978, Makhubo's mother told the Truth and Reconcilation Committee that she had received a letter from him. But she has not heard anything since then. In 2013, it had been claimed that a prisoner in Canada for eight years due to illegal immigration charges, Victor Vinnetou, was actually Makhubo. South African officials have collected his DNA samples to confirm the claim. However, DNA from his father proved it wrong, disappointing the family. However, it was possibly done on a family member who shared no family line with either of his parents, making it a mystery. 

The network, Eyewitness News, asked a Johannesburg scientist to compare the faces of Vinnetou and Makhubo. He found many similarities between the faces and moderately supported the claim. Meanwhile, the network shared a series of podcasts entitled "Through the Cracks" which revealed untold details about Makhubo.

Mbusiya Makhubo's brother, Raul Makhubo, said that Vinnetou divulged (gave away) information about the landscape in their home. He also knew how everything stood in their yard and their parents' names. Besides, Vinnetou had a moon-like birth mark on the left chest like Mbusiya Makhubo. 

On 14 June 2014, the Arts and Culture Department verified information on Makhubo's DNA test, with its former minister Paul Mashatile saying that a team had been dispatched (sent) to Canada. However, the same department said five days later that the Canadian Authorities sent DNA samples proven to be inconclusive, and it decided to close the case. 

In 2020, the city of Johannesburg awarded a blue plaque for Mbuyisa fixed to the Makhubo house at 7485 Litaba Street, Orlando West, South Africa near the Hector Pieterson Museum. This one is part of a series of plaques awarded and unveiled (publicly shown) starting from 2012, to commemorate and honour key sites along the route of the June 1976 Soweto uprising. 

Hugh Aynesworth

Hugh Grant Aynesworth (; August 2, 1931 – December 23, 2023) was an American journalist, author, and teacher. Aynesworth witnessed the assassination of John F. Kennedy in Dealey Plaza, the capture and arrest of Lee Harvey Oswald and the shooting of Oswald by Jack Ruby in the basement of the Dallas Police Headquarters. 

Aynesworth was born in Clarksburg, West Virginia. He was raised in Nutter Fort, West Virginia. He studied at Salem University in Salem, West Virginia. He first worked in his home state as a freelancer for the "Clarksburg Exponent-Telegram".

In 1980, Aynesworth was hired to interview serial killer Ted Bundy, who at first said he was innocent, for the "Business Week". He conducted many interviews with Bundy and eventually authored two books about the killer. The "New York Daily News" called their portrait of Bundy, "The Only Living Witness", one of the ten best true-crime books ever written. 

In 1993, Aynesworth covered the siege of the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Texas.

At ABC News, Aynesworth was an investigator for "20/20". In the mid-1990s, he was the Dallas/Southwest bureau chief of "The Washington Times".

Aynesworth was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize six times, and was a finalist four times.

Aynesworth died on December 23, 2023 in Dallas, Texas at the age of 92.



UNRWA

United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) is an organization established by the United Nations (UN) in December 1949. Its main purpose is to provide assistance and support to Palestinian refugees who were displaced due to the 1948 Palestine War. UNRWA offers necessary services such as education, healthcare, social services, and emergency aid to Palestinian refugees in Jordan, Lebanon, Syria, the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, including East Jerusalem.

UNRWA has over 30,000 people as employs, most of them Palestinian refugees, and a small number of international staff. The agency operates numerous schools and health centers, offering education and medical care to Palestinian refugees. UNRWA's services aim to improve the living conditions and well-being of these refugee communities.

UNRWA is funded through voluntary contributions from various countries around the world and is separate from the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), which serves other refugee populations globally. The agency's mandate is regularly renewed by the UN General Assembly to continue its support and assistance to Palestinian refugees until a just and durable solution to their situation is achieved.

During the Israel–Hamas War in 2023-24, at least 142 members of UNRWA working in Gaza Strip were killed by israel as of 1 January 2024.


1988 United States presidential election in California

The 1988 United States presidential election in California took place on November 8, 1988. that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 47 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

1988 United States presidential election in Nevada

The 1988 United States presidential election in Nevada took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 4 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

1988 United States presidential election in Utah

The 1988 United States presidential election in Utah took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 5 electoral votes in the Electoral College. 

1988 United States presidential election in Arizona

The 1988 United States presidential election in Arizona took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 7 electoral votes in the Electoral College. 

Vellalar caste

Vellalars (also, Velalars, Vellalas) were, originally, an elite caste of Tamil agricultural landlords in Tamil Nadu, Kerala states in India and in neighbouring Sri Lanka; they were the nobility, aristocracy of the ancient Tamil order (Chera/Chola/Pandya/Sangam era) and had close relations with the different royal dynasties. Literary, archeological sources trace the origin of the Vellalars to a group of royal house chieftains called Vel or Velir. According to old Hindu, Tamil texts, the Velirs were warriors from the Yadu Kshatriya clan (Chandravanshi lineage); they came to south from the city of Dvārakā in north India under the leadership of the Vedic sage Agastya. They have been described as Upper Shudras or Sat-shudras in the Brahmanical Varna system. The Vellalar community however never accepted this classification and they have challenged the Brahmins who described them as shudras. The actual Vellalar caste is made of different sub castes which do not intermarry; many of these sub castes have nothing to do with the original Vellalars. The Vellalar are found amongst the Tamil diaspora around the world; although they were originally associated with the landed gentry, today they are found in all walks of life.

Las Villas

Las Villas is a department in the Central region of the Cuban archipelago. It has a large rural area and it has a population of around 1 million people in 28,000 square kilometers. It was founded in 1902 along with the birth of the Republic as one of the biggest subdivisions of the country. Baseball and soccer are the very loved by people there.
1988 United States presidential election in Alaska

The 1988 United States presidential election in Alaska took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H.W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 3 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

Philautus microdiscus

The Kobo bubble-nest frog or Kobo shrub frog ("Philautus microdiscus") is a frog. It lives in India.

Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile (movie)

Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile is a 2022 American musical comedy movie directed by Will Speck and Josh Gordon. The script was written by William Davies. The movie was licenced and produced by Colombia Pictures. The plot is about a family who moves to New York City, where the son meets a singing crocodile who tries to save the son. It was released on October 7, 2022 in the United States and on April 15, 2023 in China.

In New York City, a magician named Hector wants to be on a talent show but keeps getting rejected. He finds a singing crocodile named Lyle in a pet store and bets his house on their performance. Sadly, Lyle gets anxiety during the performance, and they lose the house. Hector moves out, leaving Lyle behind.

Later, a family named the Primms moves into the house. Their son, Josh, makes friends with Lyle, who saves him from a mugger. The Primms bond with Lyle over shared interests. Hector returns to visit Lyle and tries to make him perform again, but it fails due to anxiety again.

The neighbor, Alistair Grumps, is annoyed by the noise from Lyle, Hector, and the Primms. He bribes Hector to betray Lyle, leading to Lyle being locked up in a zoo. Feeling guilty, Hector, with the help from Josh, rescue Lyle. They reconcile with each other, and Lyle performs on a talent show with Josh's help.

A trial is later held to decide if Lyle can be free. The judge rules in favor of Lyle, thanks to a deed from Hector's grandmother. The Primms celebrate Lyle's freedom, and Grumps is hinted to be evicted. Hector befriends a beatboxing rattlesnake named Malfoy, owned by Josh's friend Trudy.


Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act

The United States' Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act for 1996 (or HIPAA in short; pronounced "HIP-uh") is an Act of Congress. This bill was signed into law by the then-President Bill Clinton on August 21, 1996. Its mission was changing or altering the transfer of health care information. It sought to also protect healthcare industries from fraud and theft.

The bill does not restrict or stop patients from getting information on themselves, although with limited exceptions.The patients can voluntarily share health information however they want and choose.

Mullett Arena

Mullett Arena is a multi-use arena located at Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona. The arena serves as the home for the Arizona State Sun Devils. They use the arena for men's and women's ice hockey, women's gymnastics, women's volleyball, and men's wrestling. Since 2022, the arena has been the temporary home arena for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL). 

They first started to build the stadium in January 2021. The arena opened on October 12, 2022 and the first event was the Sun Devils' Maroon and Gold Exhibition game. The Coyotes had their first game in the arena on October 28, 2022. In their first game, they were defeated by the Winnipeg Jets 3–2 in overtime in front of a sellout crowd. 

The arena is named after both Donald and Barbara Mullett, who are two of the university's benefactors.

After their lease ended at Gila River Arena, the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL) were in talks with Arizona State University to play at Mullett Arena. On February 10, 2022, a three-year deal was signed by the Arizona Coyotes to play their home games at Mullett Arena.

Miriam Carey

Miriam Iris Carey (August 12, 1979 - October 13, 2013) was a dental hygienist.

Carey was born in New York. In 2007, she earned a degree in health nutrition science from Brooklyn College.
Carey was shot five times after being chased by United States' Secret Service for hitting a U.S. Secret Service officer while trying to drive on the road through White House where there is a security checkpoint. The shooting was criticised by many mental health advocates as Miriam supposedly suffered from the diseases of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. In Say Their Names Cemetery, It says October 13, 2013 which it’s near Tyler Damon Woods’s headstone.

1988 United States presidential election in Colorado

The 1988 United States presidential election in Colorado took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 8 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

1988 United States presidential election in New Mexico

The 1988 United States presidential election in New Mexico took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and U.S. Senator Dan Quayle.

Luchy Donalds

Luchy Donalds (born 28 May 1993) is a Nigerian actress known for her debut movie, "The Investigator." She was born in Owerri, Imo State. She had her elementary education at Mount Camel Premier School before proceeding to Tansian University, Umunya in Anambra State where she got her bachelor's degree in microbiology.

Donalds has acted "Seed of Sorrow", "Royal Sibling", "Lust in Marriage", "Marriage Bride Price", "Songs and Sorrows", "Crazy Fighter", "Trust no one", "Billionaire and his Blind Wives", "Soul on Fire", "The Classic Ladies", "Chef Augusta", "Cheating in Marriage." 

Sandra Okunzuwa

Sandra Ese Osayamon Okunzuwa (born 25 February 1996) is a Nigerian lawyer, actress and movie producer. She won one of the 2021 Eko Star Film & TV Awards by Nigerian International Film and TV Summit. In 2021, She was announced alongside Ike Onyema to host Africa Choice Awards.

Okunzuwa started her career as an actress in Nollywood in 2018. She made her first debut, "Blind Spot" where she played the role of the "Ekemini". She is also a lawyer in Nigeria.


Somadina Adinma

Somadinna Harrison Adinma (born 8 May 1999) is a Nigerian actor. He started as a kid actor in 2003.
He has started in the movies; "Speak the Word (2006)", "Ordinary Fellows", "Breath of Anger", "Forest of Promises", "Yahoo+", "Enslaved Feelings", "A Pierced Heart
Breath of Anger", "Charge and Bail (2003)", "Ikemefuna", "Bad Post", the sitcom "Hook Line and Sinker", "The Seventh Hour" and others.


Esther Rantzen

Dame Esther Louise Rantzen (born 22 June 1940) is an English journalist and television presenter. She presented the BBC television series "That's Life!" for 21 years, from 1973 until 1994. She works with many charities and founded the charities Childline and The Silver Line.

In January 2023, Rantzen announced that she had been diagnosed with lung cancer. In May 2023, Rantzen announced that her lung cancer had reached stage IV. In December 2023, she said that she had joined an assisted dying clinic in Switzerland.

Sly Stone

Sylvester Stewart (born March 15, 1943), better known by his stage name Sly Stone, is an American musician, songwriter, and record producer. He is most famous for his role as frontman for Sly and the Family Stone. He is also known as an important person in the creation of funk with his fusion of soul, rock, psychedelia and gospel in the 1960s and 1970s.

Joe Bugner

József Kreul Bugner (born 13 March 1950), also known as Joe Bugner, is a former Hungarian-born Australian-British heavyweight professional boxer and actor. He unsuccessfully challenged Muhammad Ali for the heavyweight championship in 1975.

As an actor, he is best known for his role in the 1994 action movie "Street Fighter".

He was ranked among the world's top ten heavyweights of the 1970s, fighting such opponents as Muhammad Ali, Joe Frazier, Ron Lyle, Jimmy Ellis, Manuel Ramos, Chuck Wepner, Earnie Shavers, Henry Cooper, Brian London, Mac Foster, Rudie Lubbers, Eduardo Corletti, Jurgen Blin and George Johnson.

He is seen among the top ten British heavyweight boxers of all time.

Image sharing

Image sharing is the sending or publishing of digital image files (such as PNG or JPG files) on the internet. There are also websites for uploading, changing, and sharing image files both publicly and privately. There are also desktop image hosts such as ShareX or Lightshot which allow you to upload images by screenshotting the images. 

Call of Duty: Modern Warfare (2019 video game)

Call of Duty: Modern Warfare is an first person shooter video game created by Infinity Ward and published by Activision. The game is the sixteenth game in the Call of Duty series and is also a part of the Modern Warfare sub series and released for Microsoft Windows, PS4, and Xbox One on 25 October 2019.

The game takes place in a realistic and modern setting in the fictional Republic of Urzikstan. In the storyline of the game, a group of CIA officers and British SAS officers fight alongside rebels against the Russian Armed Forces and the Uzrikstani terrorist group Al-Qatala.

Sam Nzima

Masana Samuel Nzima (8 August 1934 – 12 May 2018) was a South African photographer. He is best known for taking the iconic photograph of Hector Pieterson, Antoinette Sithole and Mbuyisa Makhubo during the 1976 Soweto uprising. However, he only got the rights to the image in 1998 after a long copyright battle. 

Nzima was born in Lillydale, Bushbuckridge on August 8, 1934 to a farming family. His interest in photography was sparked when he learned to use a camera in school. and his first photos were taken at Kruger National Park for money from visitors. As a teen, his father's boss pressured him to become a farm worker. After nine months, he ran away and became a gardener in Heiningham Johannesburg, where he completed high school. 

In 1956, Nzima left Heiningham to work at the Savoy Hotel as a waiter. At the Savoy, he met and befriended a man named Patrick Rikotso, another worker there. Rikotso taught him more about photography and Nzima would take domestic workers' portraits, selling them on the workers' day off. After leaving the Savoy, he went to Chelsea Hotel, reading the Rand Daily newspaper. He was transfixed by the stories criticising the apartheid government from late (dead) award-winning journalist Allister Sparks and started sending his own pictures and photo essays to the Black newspaper The World. 

The World was so impressed by Nzima's work that he was offered a freelance position. In 1968, he was offered a full-time position and accepted it to work for The World in 1976. He turned to the skirmishes (short fights between small groups of people far from the main battlefield) flaring (very violent) and took photos of students holding bin lids as shields and throwing stones at police officers. He also took another photo of a black policeman holding the students at gunpoint during the uprising. 

His most iconic image was of Makhubo carrying Pieterson with Sithole at the victim's side. Recognising that the photograph would expose apartheid, Nzima hid the film roll in his sock. When other officers found him still taking pictures, they forced him to open up all his cameras. All the films were exposed except for the one containing the famous image and the photos were destroyed. Only the famous image made it back to The World, where it was splashed across the front pages of international newspapers. 

Nzima was later wanted by the apartheid police and accused for portraying South Africa in a bad light. He was forced to flee from Soweto, where his family lived, to his hometown of Lillydale. He opened the Nzima Bottle Store there and was offered several journalist jobs. However, he turned them all down out of fear of being killed by the apartheid police. Soon, a member from the Nelspruit security branch came to Nzima and told him they knew what he had done. He was warned that he was not allowed to leave his home for any reason and that he would be arrested if he did. He was checked every Friday for three months to see if he followed the rules. 

After his photography career, Nzima continued to serve the people of his hometown. He was a long-serving member of Bushbuckridge municipal council and the Bohabela District council. After years of fighting for the rights to his photograph of Pieterson and Makhubo, he was finally rewarded in 1998 when The Star newspaper gave him copyright. He later taught photography to young students in Bushbuckridge. 

Nzima died on 12 May 2018 at the age of 83 at Rob Ferreira Hospital in Nelspruit after a short illness. His photo was listed by Time magazine as one of the 100 most influential images of all time. He is the recipient of the highest arts award in Africa, the Order of Ikhamanga. He was awarded the bronze prize for his photojournalism, helping expose apartheid to the rest of the world. The Tshwane University of Technology gave him an honorary doctoral degree in November 2020 and his family is building the Sam Nzima Legacy Centre in his honour. His son, Thulani Nzima, is the president of the Sam Nzima Foundation established in 2015. 

Fisherman's Wharf

Fisherman's Wharf can refer to:

Bloomberg

Bloomberg may refer to:



2024 Bangladeshi general election

General elections was held on 7 January 2024 in Bangladesh. The election process was overseen by the 2024 Bangladesh Election Commission, the official body that's entrusted with the responsibility of making sure that the elections are conducted in a manner that is both free and fair. The Awami League, led by incumbent Sheikh Hasina, won the election for the fourth consecutive time with officials stating that only around 40% of the eligible voters voted.

Previously, the Awami League had won the 2018 general elections and formed the government.

The main opposition party in Bangladesh, the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP), demanded that the current government hand over the power to a caretaker government before the next elections takes place but the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, Sheikh Hasina declined it.

Chhinnamasta

Chhinnamasta (Sanskrit: छिन्नमस्ता, "Chinnamastā, "She whose head is severed"") is a Hindu goddess (Devi). She is one of the Mahavidyas, ten goddesses from the esoteric.

