Academy of Urbanism

The Academy of Urbanism is a non-profit academic research organization dedicated to urban planning and urban development. The institute is located in London. It has branches in Europe and other places in the world. The Academy employs 500 professionals engaged in various subjects related to the field of urban planning and the chief of the Mossad motto is: "to recognize, encourage, and celebrate great places".

National workshops, lectures, an internet site and spend magazine. In addition, the Academy maintains Festival prizes and conducting congresses in the UK each year and operates a voluntary activity.


World Community Grid

World Community Grid (WCG) is a large public computing grid to work on scientific research projects that help people. People donate time on their personal computers to the project. The software can be set up to run only when the computer is not being used for other work.

WCG began operation on November 16, 2004. It is coordinated by IBM to use their Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing (BOINC) software. Software for the grid of personal computers is available for Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and Android operating systems.

World Community Grid's research projects have performed analysis of aspects of the human genome, HIV, dengue, muscular dystrophy, cancer, influenza, rice crop yields and renewable energy. 

Open projects running as of May 2015 are looking for drug treatments for the Ebola virus and HIV, seeking new materials for the next generation of solar cells, comparing genomes of many organisms, and investigating cancer genes. As of May 2015, the organization has partnered with 467 other companies and organizations to help its work, and has over 65,000 active registered users.


Raymond Gosling

Raymond Gosling (15 July 1926 – 18 May 2015) was a British biophysicist. He was known for doing X-ray diffraction studies on DNA. These studies were the first step in understanding the 3-D structure of DNA. He did these studies as a doctoral student in the research group headed by Maurice Wilkins at Kings College London.

Gosling's first supervisor was A.R. Stokes of the Physics Department. By 1950, Gosling's diffraction photographs were described by Wilkins at the time as "much better than Astbury's, and almost like single crystals".

Gosling was re-assigned to Rosalind Franklin when she joined Wilkins' group in 1951. For the next two years, they worked closely together to improve the X-ray diffraction photography of DNA and get a sharper image. Gosling made the X-ray diffraction image of DNA known as "Photo 51". This work led directly to the 1963 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine being awarded to Francis Crick, James D. Watson and Maurice Wilkins. Gosling was the co-author with Franklin of one of the three DNA double helix papers published in "Nature" in April 1953.

Gosling died in London at 88 on 18 May 2015.

Donald Caspar

Donald L. D. Caspar (born January 8, 1927) is an American structural biologist. He is known for his works on the structures of biological molecules such as tobacco mosaic virus. He is an emeritus professor of biological science at the Institute of Molecular Biophysics, Florida State University, and an emeritus professor of biology at the Rosenstiel Basic Medical Sciences Research Center, Brandeis University.

Roscoe Bartlett

Roscoe Gardner Bartlett, Jr. (born June 3, 1926) is an American politician and physiologist. He is a former U.S. Representative for , serving from 1993 to 2013.

He is a member of the Republican Party and was a member of the Tea Party Caucus. At the end of his tenure in Congress, Bartlett was the second-oldest serving member of the House of Representatives, behind only fellow Republican Ralph Hall of Texas.


Pack hunter

A pack hunter or social predator is a predator belonging to the animal kingdom, which has evolved to hunt its prey by working together with other members of its species. Normally animals hunting in this way are closely related. Except where only males normally hunt (humans and chimpanzees), all individuals in a family group will contribute to hunting. The most commonly known pack hunter is the gray wolf. The wolf is the closest wild relative of all breeds of domesticated dog. Humans and their closest-living relatives chimpanzees are also pack hunters. Other pack hunting mammals include dolphins, lions and spotted hyenas. A number of avian social predators exist. These include the Harris's hawk, butcherbirds, three of four kookaburra species and many helmetshrikes. There are a few cold-blooded pack hunters. Forexample, simple arthropods such as army ants. Another example is the yellow saddle goatfish Occasionally crocodiles are pack hunters. Hunting in packs allows smaller predators to hunt larger prey. 

Abu Simbel temples

The Abu Simbel temples are two very large rock temples built by the ancient Egyptians, at Abu Simbel. This is a village in Nubia, southern Egypt, near the border with Sudan. The temples are on the western bank of Lake Nasser, about 230 km southwest of Aswan. They are part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site known as the "Nubian Monuments." The temples were cut into solid rock in side of a cliff during the reign of Pharaoh Ramesses II in the 13th century BC. It was a lasting monument to himself and his queen Nefertari, to remember his victory at the Battle of Kadesh.

The complete temples were moved in 1968, to a place high above the Aswan High Dam reservoir. They would have been flooded by water from Lake Nasser which was formed by the building of a dam on the Nile River.

Work on the temples began about 1264 BC and lasted for about 20 years. It was called the "Temple of Ramesses, beloved by Amun". It was one of six rock temples built in Nubia by Ramesses II. The temple was meant to impress Egypt's southern neighbours. It also helped to strengthen Egyptian religion in the area. Historians say that the design of Abu Simbel shows Ramesses II's ego and pride.

Over time people stopped using the temples which became covered with sand. In the 6th century BC, the sand covered the statues of the main temple up to their knees. The temple was forgotten until 1813, when Jean-Louis Burckhardt saw the top frieze of the main temple. He told Italian explorer Giovanni Belzoni, who went to the site, but was unable to dig out an entry to the temple. Belzoni went back in 1817, and was able to enter the temples. Details of the temples, with drawings, are in Edward William Lane's "Description of Egypt" (1825-1828).

Tour guides at the temples tell a story that "Abu Simbel" was a young local boy who took Burckhardt and Belzoni to see the buried temple. He had seen the temples from time to time in the shifting sands. Eventually, the temples were named after him.

In 1959 an international campaign was started to raise money to save the temples from being flooded by water from the new Aswan High Dam.

One plan put forward was to build a dam around the temples to keep the water at the same level as the river. It was thought that raising the temples would put them in danger of being eroded by the wind. This plan was rejected.

The moving of the temple began in 1964, with archaeologists, engineers and workers coming from all over the world as a UNESCO project. It cost $40 million at the time. Between 1964 and 1968, the entire site was carefully cut into large blocks. Some blocks weighed up to 30 tons, with most around 20 tons. These blocks were lifted and put back together on a new site 65 meters higher, and 200 meters further back from the river.

This was one of the greatest challenges of archaeological engineering in history. Some parts had to be saved from under the waters of Lake Nasser. Today hundreds of visitors come to the temples every day. Buses and cars leave twice a day from Aswan, the nearest city. Many visitors also come by plane, to an airfield that was specially built near the temples.

There are two temples. The larger one was built for the gods Ra-Harakhty, Ptah and Amun. It has four large statues of Ramesses II on the facade. The smaller temple was built for the goddess Hathor, who is shown as Nefertari, Ramesses's favourite of his many wives. The temple is open to the public.

The Great Temple at Abu Simbel took about 20 years to build. It was completed in the 24th year of the rule of Ramesses the Great (about 1265 BC). It was built for the gods Amun, Ra-Horakhty, and Ptah, as well as for Rameses himself, who was treated as a god. It is one the grandest and most beautiful temples from the time of Rameses II, and one of the most beautiful in Egypt.

The facade of the temple has four 20 meter tall statues of the pharaoh with the double Atef crown of Upper and Lower Egypt. The facade is 35 meters wide. Across the top is a frieze with 22 baboons. The baboons have their hands raised to welcome the rising sun at dawn. These huge statues were carved into solid rock. All statues show Ramesses II, seated on a throne and wearing the double crown of Upper and Lower Egypt. The statue on the left of the entrance was damaged in an earthquake soon after it was built. The head and body are on the ground at the statue's feet.

Next to the legs of the large statue, there are others no higher than the knees of the pharaoh. These show Nefertari, Ramesses's chief wife, and queen mother Mut-Tuy, his first two sons Amun-her-khepeshef, Ramesses, and his first six daughters Bintanath, Baketmut, Nefertari, Meritamen, Nebettawy and Isetnofret.

Above the entrance is a bas-relief with two images of the king praising the falcon-headed Ra Harakhti. This god is holding the hieroglyph meaning "user" and a feather in his right hand, with Ma'at, the goddess of truth and justice, in his left. This is a really just a large puzzle with the answer being Ramesses II's throne name, User-Maat-Re. A stele on the facade records the marriage of Ramesses with a daughter of king Hattusili III, which sealed the peace between Egypt and the Hittites.

Like most Egyptian temples it has a triangle shaped layout inside. The rooms become smaller in size from the entrance to the sanctuary. The temple has a complicated and unusual structure with many side chambers. The hypostyle hall (sometimes also called a pronaos) is 18 meters long and 16.7 meters wide. It is supported by eight huge Osirid pillars. These show Ramesses as a god, with Osiris (Orion), the god of fertility, agriculture, the afterlife, the dead, resurrection, life and vegetation, to indicate the everlasting nature of the pharaoh. The big statues along the left-hand wall have the white crown of Upper Egypt, while those on the opposite side are wearing the double crown of Upper and Lower Egypt (pschent). The bas-reliefs on the walls of the pronaos show battle scenes from Ramesses's many wars. They show the Battle of Kadesh, on the Orontes river, in present-day Syria, where Ramesses fought against the Hittites. The most famous image shows the king on his chariot shooting arrows against his enemies, who are being taken prisoner. Other scenes show Egyptian victories in Libya and Nubia.

From the hypostyle hall, one enters the second pillared hall. This has four pillars covered with beautiful scenes of offerings to the gods. Ramesses and Nefertari are seen with the sacred boats of Amun and Ra-Harakhti. This hall leads to another room which is the way in to the sanctuary. On a back wall are rock cut sculptures of four seated figures: Ra-Horakhty, Ramesses (as a god), and the gods Amun Ra and Ptah. Ra-Horakhty, Amun Ra and Ptah were the main gods during this time and their cult centers were at Heliopolis, Thebes and Memphis respectively.

It is believed that the temple was positioned so that on October 22 and February 22, light from the sun would reach the sanctuary. This would light up the sculptures on the back wall, except for the statue of Ptah, the god linked with the Underworld, who always remained in the dark.

These dates could be the king's birthday and coronation day. However, there is no evidence to support this. It makea sense that these dates had some relation to a great event, such as the 30th anniversary of the pharaoh's rule. October 22 is 60 days before the solstice and February 20 is 60 days after the Solstice.

The image of the king would get energy from the sun, and Ramesses the Great could take his place next to Amun Ra and Ra-Horakhty.
People gather at Abu Simbel to see this remarkable sight, on October 21 and February 21. The dates have changed by one day because of the movement of the Tropic of Cancer in the last 3280 years.

The Small Temple was built about 100 meters northeast of the Great Temple. It was built for the goddess Hathor and Ramesses II's favorite wife, Nefertari. The facade is cut into solid rock, with two groups of very large statues on either side of the large gateway. The statues, slightly more than ten meters high, are of the king and his queen. On the sides of the entrance are two statues of the king, one wearing the white crown of Upper Egypt and the other with double crown. On sides of these are statues of the queen and the king.

This is the only example in Egyptian art where the statues of the king and queen are equal size. Usually the statues of the queens stand next to those of the pharaoh, but were never taller than his knees. Ramesses went to Abu Simbel with his wife in the 24th year of his rule. There are small statues of princes and princesses next to their parents. On the south side they are (facing them from left to right), princes Meryatum and Meryre, princesses Meritamen and Henuttawy, and princes Rahirwenemef and Amun-her-khepeshef. On the north side the same figures are in reverse order.

The plan of the Small Temple is a simple copy of the Great Temple. The hypostyle hall or pronaos is supported by six pillars. They show scenes with the queen playing the sinistrum (an instrument sacred to the goddess Hathor), together with the gods Horus, Khnum, Khonsu, and Thoth, and the goddesses Hathor, Isis, Maat, Mut of Asher, Satis and Taweret. In one scene Ramesses is presenting flowers or burning incense. The capitals of the pillars have the face of the goddess Hathor; known as a Hathoric column. The bas-reliefs in the hall show Ramesses becoming a god. There are scenes of the king (with his wife) defeating his enemies. Another scene shows the queen making offerings to the goddess Hathor and Mut. Three large doors open into another room. On the south and the north walls of this room there are scenes of the king and his wife giving papyrus plants to Hathor. Hathor is shown as a cow on a boat sailing through papyri plants. On the west wall, Ramesses II and Nefertari are shown making offerings to god Horus and the gods of the Cataracts — Satis, Anubis and Khnum. This room leads to the sanctuary and two side rooms.

The sanctuary has bas-reliefs on the side walls with scenes of offerings to various gods made either by the pharaoh or the queen. On the back wall, there is a niche in which Hathor, as a divine cow, seems to be coming out of the mountain. Queen Nefertari is closely linked to this goddess.

Each temple has its own priest to represent the king in daily religious ceremonies. The Pharaoh should be the only celebrant in daily religious ceremonies performed in different temples throughout Egypt. In reality, the high priest also played that role. A priest, like the king, needed education in art and science. Reading, writing, engineering, arithmetic, geometry, astronomy, space measurement, time calculations, were all part of this learning. The priests of Heliopolis, for example, became guardians of sacred knowledge and were seen as wise men.





Arch bridge

An arch bridge is a bridge with abutments at each end shaped as a curved arch. Arch bridges work by transferring the weight of the bridge and its loads partially into a horizontal thrust held by the abutments at either side. A viaduct (long bridge) may be made from a long arcade of arches. However other less expensive structures are typically used today.

The oldest existing arch bridge may be the Mycenaean Arkadiko bridge in Greece. It was built in about 1300 BC. The stone corbel arch bridge is still used. The well-preserved Hellenistic Eleutherna Bridge has a triangular corbel arch. The 4th century BC Rhodes Footbridge rests on an early voussoir arch.

Both the Etruscans and ancient Greeks knew about arches. But the Romans were the first to use arches for bridge construction. 
Roman arch bridges were usually semicircular. A number were also segmental arch bridges (such as Alconétar Bridge), meaning it has a curved arch that is less than a semicircle. Such a segmental arch bridge allowed great amounts of flood water to pass under it. This would prevent the bridge from being swept away during floods. Also the bridge itself could be more lightweight. Generally, Roman bridges had wedge-shaped primary arch stones (called voussoirs) of the same in size and shape. The Romans built both single spans and lengthy multiple arch aqueducts. Their bridges featured flood openings in the piers.
In medieval Europe, bridge builders improved on the Roman structures by using narrower piers. They used thinner arch barrels and lower span-rise ratios on bridges. Gothic pointed arches were also introduced reducing lateral thrust. In particular the 14th century saw bridge construction reaching new heights. Spans of up to were previously unheard of in masonry arch construction.

In the 19th century steel became cheaper and allowed even longer bridges. Tied arch bridges became commonplace because they don't need such large, expensive foundations. Some in the late 20th century were made over .

Stone, brick and other similar materials are strong in compression. They are fairly strong in shear. But they cannot resist much force in tension. As a result, masonry arch bridges are designed to be constantly under compression. Each arch is constructed over a temporary falsework frame, known as a centring. In the first compression arch bridges, a keystone in the middle of the bridge bore the weight of the rest of the bridge. The more weight that was put onto the bridge, the stronger its structure became. Masonry arch bridges use fill material (typically compacted rubble) above the arch in order to increase this dead-weight on the bridge. This also prevents tension from occurring in the arch ring as loads move across the bridge. Unreinforced concrete was also used. When masonry (cut stone) is used, the angles of the faces are cut to minimize shear forces. Where random masonry (uncut and unprepared stones) is used they are mortared together. The mortar is allowed to set before the falsework is removed.

Arch bridges are one of the oldest types of bridges and have been aroundd for thousands of years. Arch bridges have great natural strength.

They were originally built of stone or brick but these days are built of reinforced concrete or steel. The introduction of these new materials allow arch bridges to be longer with lower spans.

Instead of pushing straight down, the load of an arch bridge is carried outward along the curve of the arch to the supports at each end. The weight is transferred to the supports at either end.

These supports, called the abutments, carry the load and keep the ends of the bridge from spreading out.

Striped hyaena

The striped hyaena ("Hyaena hyaena") is a widespread small carnivore. It is native to North and East Africa, the Middle East, the Caucasus, Central Asia and the Indian subcontinent. It is listed by the IUCN as near threatened, and the global population may be under 10,000 mature individuals. It is persecuted, and its prey base is declining.

It is the smallest of its genus and has many primitive viverrid characteristics which are lost in the larger species. For example, it has a smaller and less specialised skull.

It is mainly a scavenger, but large individuals may kill their own prey. Attacks on humans are rare, but do happen. The striped hyena is a monogamous animal, with both males and females assisting one another in raising their cubs. A nocturnal animal, the striped hyena only comes out in complete darkness, and is quick to return to its lair before sunrise. It has a habit of feigning death when attacked. It has also been known to stand its ground against larger predators such as leopards in disputes over food.

The striped hyaena features prominently in Middle Eastern and Asian folklore. It is mentioned in the Hebrew Bible, where it is referred to as "tzebua" or "zevoa", though the species is absent in some English translations.

Béziers

Béziers () is a commune in the Hérault département in the Occitanie region in southern France. It is a subprefecture of the department and also the capital of the "arrondissement" of the same name.

Béziers is one of the oldest cities in France. Research shows that Béziers was built by Greeks in the 6th century BC. Some archaeologists think that Béziers could be the oldest town of France, even before Marseille.

The site where is Béziers has been occupied since Neolithic times, before the arrival of Celts. Roman "Betarra" was on the road that linked Provence with Iberia. The Romans refounded the city as a new place for veterans in 36–35 BC and called it "Colonia Julia Baeterrae Septimanorum". Stones from the Roman amphitheatre were used to construct the city wall during the 3rd century. The city was occupied by the Moors between 720 and 752.

Béziers was a Languedoc stronghold of Catharism, which the Catholic Church condemned as heretical and which Catholic forces exterminated in the Albigensian Crusade.

Béziers was the first place to be attacked. The crusaders got to the town on 21 July 1209 and burned the cathedral of Saint Nazaire. A few parts of the Romanesque cathedral survived, and repairs started in 1215. The restoration, along with that of the rest of the city, continued until the 15th century.

After the Louis Napoléon's coup d'état in 1851, troops killed protesters in Béziers. Others were condemned to death or taken to the Guiana.

The city is in the southeastern of the department, in the plain of Hérault (the "plaine héraultoise"). It is on a small cliff on the eastern side of the Orb river, a tributary of the Hérault river.

The "commune" has an area of , the largest "commune" in the department, and is at an altitude of about above sea level. Béziers is at to the southeast of the city of Montpellier and at from the Mediterranean Sea.

The "commune" of Béziers is surrounded by the "communes" Boujan-sur-Libron, Maraussan, Lignan-sur-Orb, Villeneuve-lès-Béziers, Corneilhan, Sauvian, Colombiers, Cers, Montady, Maureilhan, Bassan and Vendres.

The climate of Béziers, in the Köppen climate classification, is Csa - Mediterranean climate with hot summers.

The inhabitants of Béziers are known, in French, as "Biterrois" (women: "Biterroises"), from "Baeterrae", the Latin name of the city.

With a population of 75,701, Béziers has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Béziers

Béziers forms with other four "communes" the urban area of Béziers with a population of 89,243 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Béziers, formed by 40 "communes" with a population of 168,960 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Béziers is a subprefecture of the Hérault department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Béziers and the administrative centre () of three cantons: Béziers-1, Béziers-2 and Béziers-3.

It is part of the intercommunality "Béziers Méditerranée" ().

Béziers is twinned with:




Crépy-en-Valois

Crépy-en-Valois is a commune in the Picardy region in the Oise department in the north of France. The two listed historical monuments are the Saint-Thomas-de-Canterbury collegiate church and the Porte de Paris. The first one goes back to its oldest elements in the 12th century, when the city prospered under the guidance of the Dukes of Valois. The second one dates from 1788-1792 and is located rue Charles de Gaulle.

The origins of the city of Crépy-en-Valois remain uncertain. During 10th century, the first lords of Crépy fortified the area, this rocky promontory overlooking the streams of Taillandiers and Sainte- Agathe.

The castrum didn't stop developing since then: firstly under the impetus of the Counts of Amiens Valois, who founded the Abbey Saint Arnoul in 1008, then with the Counts of Vermandois, particularly Philip d'Alsace and his wife Elizabeth who founded in 1182 in the suburbs a collegiate dedicated to Thomas Becket, archbishop of Canterbury, who was assassinated in his cathedral.

Civil and religious protection drew a more and more numerous population. Prosperity settled thanks to the pilgrimages and grew even after 1213, the date of the reattachment of Valois to the French crown.

In 1790, the revolutionary district was created. Thereafter, it became an administrative center of the canton, arrondissement of Senlis, department of Oise.

The 19th century announced winds of change. The city expanded to the East with new neighborhoods. The arrival of the railroad facilitated the establishment of prosperous industries and therefore the installation of a workforce.

The wars of 1914 and 1939 wounded city by multiple bombings; but the successive mayors knew how to look after and maintain the city's dignity and dynamism.

Fossa

The fossa ("Cryptoprocta ferox") is a cat-like, carnivorous mammal endemic to Madagascar. It is a member of the Eupleridae, a family of carnivorans closely related to the mongoose family (Herpestidae).

Its classification has been controversial because it looks like a cat. However, other traits suggest a close relationship with viverrids (most civets and their relatives). Its classification influenced thought about how many times mammalian carnivores had colonized Madagascar. Genetic studies now show that the fossa and all other Malagasy carnivores are closely related to each other: they are a clade, the family Eupleridae. 
Carnivorans are now thought to have colonized the island once about 18 to 20 million years ago.

The fossa is the largest mammalian carnivore on the island of Madagascar and has been compared to a small cougar. Adults have a head-body length of and weigh between . The males larger than the females. It has semiretractable claws and flexible ankles that allow it to climb up and down trees head-first, and they can jump from tree to tree.

The species is widespread, although population densities are usually low. It is found only in forested habitat, and hunts by day and night. Over 50% of its diet consists of lemurs, the endemic primates of the island. Tenrecs, rodents, lizards, birds, and other animals are also prey. Mating usually occurs in trees on horizontal limbs and can last for several hours. Litters range from one to six pups, which are born blind and toothless (altricial). Infants wean after 4.5 months and are independent after a year. Sexual maturity occurs around three to four years of age, and life expectancy in captivity is 20 years. The fossa is listed as "Vulnerable" by the International Union for Conservation of Nature. It is generally feared by the Malagasy people and is often protected by their taboo. The greatest threat to the species is habitat destruction.

Péronne, Somme

Péronne is a commune in the Picardy region in the Somme department in the north of France.

It is close to where the Battles of the Somme took place during World War I.

The Museum of the Great War (known in French as the Historial de la Grande Guerre) is located in the château.

Ottoman architecture

Ottoman architecture is the architecture of the Ottoman Empire. It emerged in Bursa and Edirne in 14th and 15th centuries. The architecture of the empire developed from the earlier Seljuk architecture. It was influenced by the Byzantine, Iranian and Seljuk architecture. It was also influenced by Islamic Mamluk traditions after the conquest of Constantinople by the Ottomans. For almost 400 years Byzantine architectural artifacts such as the church of Hagia Sophia served as models for many of the Ottoman mosques. Overall, Ottoman architecture has been described as Ottoman architecture synthesized with architectural traditions of the Mediterranean and the Middle East.

The Ottomans achieved the highest level architecture in their lands. They mastered the technique of building vast inner spaces confined by seemingly weightless yet massive domes. Their work achieved harmony between inner and outer spaces, as well as light and shadow. Islamic religious building, which until then was simple but with extensive decoration, was transformed by the Ottomans. They used vaults, domes, semi-domes and columns. The mosque was changed from being a cramped and dark chamber with arabesque-covered walls into a beautiful sanctuary.


Dole, Jura

Dole is a commune in the Jura department. It was the capital of the Free County until Louis XIV conquered the region, which from then on became Besançon.

Roanne

Roanne is a French commune, a "subprefecture" in the Loire department in central France. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Roanne.

The "commune" of Roanne is in the north of the Loire department and has an area of . The average altitude is and the city hall is an altitude of .

The distances from Roanne to other cities are:

The "commune" of Roanne is surrounded by the "communes":

The Loire river flows through the city. Two of its tributaries: Renaison and Rhins, also flow through the city and join the Loire in Roanne.

The climate of Roanne, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Roanne are known, in French, as " Roannais" (women: "Roannaises").

With a population of 35,200, Roanne has a population density of inhabitants/km, the highest density in the department.
Evolution of the population in Roanne

Roanne forms, with other 14 "communes", the urban area of Roanne with a population of 80,098 inhabitants (2014) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Roanne, formed by 50 "communes" with a population of 107,348 inhabitants (2014) and an area of .

Roanne is a subprefecture of the Loire department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Roanne and the administrative centre () of two cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Roannais Agglomération" ().

Roanne is twinned with:




Cuba men's national volleyball team

Cuba national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of Cuba.



Seljuk architecture

Seljuk architecture is the name given to architecture built during the time when the Seljuks ruled most of the Middle East and Anatolia. This was between the 11th and 13th centuries. After the 11th century the Seljuks of Rum emerged from the Great Seljuk Empire developing their own architecture. Their capital was Konya. They were influenced and inspired by the Armenians, Byzantines and Persians.

The architecture can be found in a vast area stretching from the Hindu Kush to eastern Anatolia. Also from Central Asia to the Persian Gulf. The homeland of Seljuk architecture was Turkmenistan and Iran. This is where the first permanent Seljuk buildings were built. Unfortunately the Mongol invasions destroyed most of these buildings. Only a few remain. In 1063 Isfahan was established as capital of the Great Seljuk Empire under Alp Arslan.

The most significant change was in the early 12th century. It was the conversion of the hypostyle plan into a four-iwan plan mosque (see Shah Mosque). Another mosque-type introduced at this time was the kiosk mosque, consisting of a domed space with three open sides and wall containing a mihrab on the qibla side. The architecture of this period was also characterized by memorial tombs. These were usually octagonal structures with domed roofs, called Kümbet or Türbe. An impressive example of tomb architecture is the mausoleum of Sultan Sanjar at Merv. It is a massive building measuring square with a huge double dome resting on squinches and muqarnas pendentives.


Bulgaria men's national volleyball team

Bulgaria national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of Bulgaria. They have participated in the FIVB world league ever since 1994. Bulgaria played at the first world championship in 1949.


<br>

Serbia men's national volleyball team

Serbia national volleyball team is the name of Serbia's national volleyball team. The Fédération Internationale de Volleyball considers Serbia the inheritor of the records of SFR Yugoslavia (1948–1991), FR Yugoslavia (1992–2002) and Serbia and Montenegro (2003–2006). Nikola Grbic, a former player and team captain, is the head coach.



Beaune

Beaune is a commune in Burgundy in the Côte-d'Or department. It is the region's wine capital.


Australia men's national volleyball team

Australia Men's national volleyball team also known as Volleyball Team Australia Men (VTAM) is the national volleyball team of Australia.

Palermo Stone

The Palermo Stone is one of seven pieces left of a much bigger stele known as the Royal Annals of the Old Kingdom of Ancient Egypt. The stele has a list of the kings of Egypt from the First Dynasty through to the early part of the Fifth Dynasty. It also listed important events in each year of their rule. It was probably made during the Fifth Dynasty (about 2392–2283 BCE). The Palermo Stone is in the Antonio Salinas Regional Archaeological Museum in the city of Palermo, Italy, from which it gets its name.

The name "Palermo Stone" is sometimes used for all seven pieces of the Royal Annals, including those in museums in Cairo and London. The pieces are also sometimes known as the "Cairo Annals Stone". The name "Cairo Stone" is also used to mean only those pieces kept in Cairo.

The Royal Annals are probably the oldest historical writing from Ancient Egypt. They are very important for the study of Egyptian history in the Old Kingdom.

The Royal Annals stele, of which the Palermo Stone is one part part, was probably about 60 cm high and 2.1m wide. The pieces that are left are type of hard black stone, probably basalt.

The Palermo Stone itself is shaped like a shield. It is 43.5 cm high, 25 cm wide and 6.5 cm thick. The writing on the front of the stone is six lines of hieroglyphs. The first line lists the names of the Early Dynastic Period kings of Lower Egypt, wearing the Red Crown ). The second and other lines has parts of the royal annals for pharaohs of the First to Fourth Dynasties. These annals are lists of the key events in each year of the rule of each king, arranged in date order. The second line on the Palermo Stone begins with the last details for a king of the First Dynasty. The name has been lost, but it would be either Narmer or Aha. The rest of the second row has the first nine annual entries for next king. Again the name is missing but is either Aha or his successor Djer. The rest of the writing on this side has the royal annals down to the kings of the Fourth Dynasty.

There is writing on the back of the Palermo Stone. This lists events during the rule of pharaohs down to Neferirkare Kakai, third ruler of the Fifth Dynasty. From the pieces that are left it is unclear if the Royal Annals continued beyond this point in time. Where a king is named, the name of his mother is also recorded, such as Betrest mother of the First Dynasty king Semerkhet and Meresankh I mother of the Fourth Dynasty king Seneferu.

Details recorded in the Royal Annals includes the height of the annual Nile flood (see Nilometer), the Inundation, details of festivals (such as Sed festivals), taxation, sculpture, buildings, and warfare.

It is not known where the stele came from. None of the seven pieces has a proper archaeological history. One piece
in Cairo is said to have come from at an archaeological site at Memphis. The three other pieces in Cairo were said to have been found in Middle Egypt. No one has ever said where the Palermo Stone was found.

The Palermo Stone was purchased by a Sicilian lawyer, Ferdinand Guidano, in 1859. It has been in Palermo since 1866. On 19 October 1877, it was presented to the Palermo Archaeological Museum by the Guidano family.

There are five pieces of the Royal Annals in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. Four of these were put in the Museum between 1895 and 1914. The fifth was purchased in 1963. One small piece is in the Petrie Museum of University College London, forming part of the collection of the archeologist Sir Flinders Petrie.

In 1895 a visiting French archaeologist realized the Palermo Stone was important. The writing on the stone was translated in 1902 by Heinrich Schäfer.

There are arguments about the date of the Palermo Stone and of the Royal Annals it records. Historians do not agree if the writing was done in one go or was added to over time. There is no agreement about the date of the writing; was it written about the times it describes, or was it written much later? It has been argued that the stele was made much later, perhaps in the Twenty-Fifth Dynasty (747-656 BCE). It seems clear from the details that, even if the Royal Annals, on the Palermo Stone and other pieces, were not written soon after the time they describe, they are based on an Old Kingdom original.

There are also arguments about if all the pieces are part of the same stele or come from different copies. It has been suggested some of pieces in Cairo are not genuine.

The writing is difficult to read. This because of both the poor condition of some parts, and because of its great age. If the writing is a later copy, not from the Fifth Dynasty, there is also the chance that errors were made in the copying process.

The Palermo Stone and the other pieces of the Royal Annals are a very important for the history of the Old Kingdom. For example, they list the names of members of the royal families during the first five dynasties which are not listed anywhere else.

New Kingdom Egyptian king lists, such as the Turin Canon (13th century BCE) and the Abydos king list (reign of Seti I, 1294–1279 BCE), say that Menes (probably Narmer) (c. 3100 or 3000 BCE) was the first king of the first dynasty. They say that he was the person who unified Egypt. However, the top line of the "Royal Annals" names some earlier rulers of Upper and Lower Egypt. These must come from a time before Egypt was unified. Linking the names of these kings with historical persons is still being argued about.

The ancient historian Manetho must have used something like the Royal Annals stele to write his history of the early dynasties of Egypt. This was written during the third century BCE. The king list which is the best match to his work is the Turin Canon.




Ennio Porrino

Ennio Porrino (born Cagliari, 20 January, 1910 – died Rome, 25 September, 1959) was an Italian composer and teacher. 

Amongst his compositions were orchestral works, an oratorio and several operas and ballets. His best known work is the symphonic poem "Sardegna," a tribute to his native Sardinia, which premiered in Florence in 1933. In the course of his career, Porrino taught at the conservatories of Rome, Venice, and Naples, and in 1956 became the director of the Cagliari Conservatory. 

That same year he married Malgari Onnis (born 1935), a painter and theatrical designer. She designed the production of Porrino's last work, the opera I Shardana, which premiered on 21 March 1959, six months before his death. The couple had one daughter, Stefania (born 1957), who became a playwright and stage director.

Metal Slug (series)

The games are about the Peregrine Falcon Squad, a small group of soldiers who fight against a rebel army, aliens, zombies, mummies and various other forces intent on world domination. 

Drosnay

Drosnay is a commune in the Marne department in the Champagne-Ardenne region. In 2012, 189 people lived there.


Genet

Genets are Old World mammals. They are viverrids, in the same family as civet cats. They are feliform carnivores of the family Viverridae. 

The closest relatives of genets are the civets, linsangs, fossa, and mongooses. Almost all species are in the genus Genetta. The common genet, "Genetta genetta", is the only viverrid living in Europe. Other species live in Africa. Fossils of the genus have been found from the Pliocene.
Genets have long tails, about one to one and a half times the length of their bodies. These longs tails are a counterweight which helps them keep their balance as they leap from tree limb to tree limb. They are not strictly terrestrial, and spend much of their time in trees. Genets have semi-retractable claws, which they use for climbing and holding prey, but not for fighting.

Genets are highly agile creatures, with quick reflexes and exceptional climbing skills, and are the only viverrids that are able to stand bipedally. They are able to walk, trot, run, climb up and down trees, and jump.

They often feed on small mammals, such as rodents, shrews, and bats. Small rodents are captured by the back and killed with a bite at the head, then eaten starting with the head. They also eat birds, bird eggs, centipedes, millipedes, scorpions, and various fruits, including figs and olives.


Winnowing

Winnowing is a farming method developed by ancient people for separating grain from chaff. It is also used to remove weevils or other pests from stored grain. Threshing, which is the loosening of grain or seeds from the husks and straw, comes before winnowing. In place of a winnowing basket a colandar can be used.

In its simplest form it involves throwing the mixture into the air so that the wind blows away the lighter chaff. The heavier grains fall back down for recovery. This method is called "wind-grading". Other methods include using a winnowing fan (a shaped basket shaken to raise the chaff). Yet another is using a tool (a winnowing fork or shovel) on a pile of harvested grain.

Winnowing can also describe the natural removal of fine material from a coarser sediment by wind or flowing water. This is similar to separating wheat from chaff.

Boom Clap

"Boom Clap" is an electropop song by Charli XCX. This song was released as the first single from "The Fault in Our Stars" soundtrack. It was also on XCX's studio album "Sucker".

The single was released on June 15, 2014. It peaked at #6 on the UK Singles chart. It was also #8 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It got positive reviews by music critics.

Pour Some Sugar on Me

"Pour Some Sugar on Me" is a 1987 heavy metal single by Def Leppard. The song has sexual themes in it. It reached #2 on "Billboard" Hot 100 in July of 1988.

The song was from Def Leppard's studio album "Hysteria". 

There are several versions of the song. The extended version is five minutes and 35 seconds long.

Winter's Tale

Winter's Tale is a 2014 supernatural fantasy, mystery and romantic drama movie. It was based on a 1983 novel with the same name. Jennifer Connelly plays Virginia. Eva Marie Saint plays Willa Penn. Russell Crowe plays Pearly.


Initially Warner Bros. attempted to sign Martin Scorsese in 2002. He turned down the chance to direct the movie, calling it "unfilmable". Later on, the movie became a "passion project" for director Akiva Goldsman. He was given the go-ahead by Warner Bros. in February 2011 with a budget of $75 million. The budget was later dropped to $60 million in February of 2012. Will Smith and Russell Crowe were linked to the project in supporting roles.

Principal photography began in October 2012, though was delayed due to Hurricane Sandy. Shooting took place at locations across New York City, including Grand Central Terminal, Red Hook, Brooklyn, East Village, Manhattan and Central Park.

The movie was released on 14 February 2014 in the United States. 

It got negative reviews from movie critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the movie has a rating of 13%. 

The movie performed poor in the box office. Its intake was only $12.6 million in the United States. It took in $30 million worldwide.


Linsang

The linsangs are four feliform species, two in Asia and two in Africa. The whole group was put in the Viverridae in a subfamily. The two pairs are:

The species of African linsangs are:

The species of Asiatic linsangs are:

DNA analysis shows:

Therefore, the similarities between the two genera of linsangs must be convergent. All of them are cat-like in appearance. They are nocturnal, generally solitary tree dwellers. They are carnivorous, eating squirrels and other rodents, small birds, lizards and insects. Typical size is a little over 30 cm (1 foot), with a tail that more than doubles that length. Bodies are long, with short legs, giving a low appearance. All species have yellowish bodies with black markings (stripes, blotches and spots), though the distribution and nature of the markings varies between species. 

African linsang

The African linsang or oyan are two species in the genus Poiana. They are viverrids in the mammalian subfamily Viverrinae.

DNA analysis showed that these African linsangs ("Poiana") are true viverrids closely related to the genets.

I Shardana

I Shardana is an Italian opera in three acts, with music and libretto by Ennio Porrino. It was first performed in Naples, on March 8, 1959. It is by far Porrino's most successful work. It has recently been re.



Edmond J. Gong

Edmond Joseph (Eddie) Gong (October 6, 1930 – May 19, 2015) was an American attorney and former politician in the state of Florida. He was the first Asian-American elected to the Florida House. He served as a Florida state senator from 1967 through 1971. He was also a member of Florida's House of Representatives from 1963 through 1966.

Gong died at the age of 84 in Miami, Florida.

Louis Johnson

Louis Johnson (April 13, 1955 – May 21, 2015) was an American bass guitarist.

Johnson was best known for his group The Brothers Johnson and his session playing on several hit albums of the 1970s and 1980s including the "best selling album of all time" "Thriller".

Johnson died on May 21, 2015 at the age of 60.

Abutment

In engineering, abutment refers to the substructure at the ends of a bridge span or dam. This is where the structure's superstructure rests or contacts. Single-span bridges have abutments at each end. These provide vertical and lateral (side to side) support for the bridge. They also act as retaining walls to resist lateral movement of the earthen fill of the bridge approach. Multi-span bridges require piers to support ends of spans that are not supported by abutments. Dam abutments are generally the natural valley walls. They may also be artificial in order to support arch dams such as Kurobe Dam in Japan.

The term may also refer to the structure supporting one side of an arch, or masonry used to resist the lateral forces of a vault. The word derives from the verb "", meaning to "touch by means of a mutual border".

Corbel

In architecture a corbel or console is a structural piece of stone, wood or metal sticking out from a wall to carry a superincumbent weight. It is a type of bracket. A corbel is a solid piece of material in the wall. A console, by comparison, is a piece applied to the structure. A piece of structural wood projecting in the same way was called a "tassel" or a "bragger" in the UK. The technique of corbelling, where rows of corbels support a projecting wall or parapet, has been used since Neolithic, or New Stone Age, times. 

The word "corbel" comes from Old French and derives from the Latin "corbellus", a diminutive of "corvus" (a raven) which refers to the beak-like appearance. Similarly, the French refer to a bracket-corbel, usually a load-bearing internal feature, as a "corbeau" (a crow).

Turin King List

The Turin King List, also called the Turin Royal Canon, is a list of the kings of Egypt. It was written in Egyptian hieratic script on papyrus. It is thought to date from the rule of Pharaoh Ramesses II. The list is now in the Egyptian Museum in Turin. The papyrus is the most complete list of kings written by the Egyptians. It is the basis working out the dates of kings before the rule of Ramesses II.

The papyrus is believed to have been written in the time of Ramesses II, during the middle of the New Kingdom, or the 19th Dynasty. The beginning and ending of the list are lost. There is no introduction, and the list stops after the 19th Dynasty. It may have been written at any later time, from Ramesses II to as late as the 20th Dynasty.
The papyrus lists the names of rulers, the lengths of their rule in years, with months and days for some kings. In some cases they are grouped together by family. This grouping is almost the same as the dynasties of Manetho’s book. The list includes the names of kings who only ruled for a very short time, or those ruling small areas that may not be in listed in other sources.

The list also is believed to contain kings from the 15th Dynasty, the Hyksos who ruled Lower Egypt and the River Nile delta. The Hyksos rulers do not have cartouches (borders around the name of a king). They do have a hieroglyphic sign to show that they were foreigners.

The papyrus was a tax roll, but on its back is written a list of rulers of Egypt. It includes the mythical kings such as gods, demi-gods, and spirits, as well as human kings. As the papyrus was reused for the tax roll, it shows the list was not of great formal importance to the writer. The list is thought to have been used as an administrative aid. As such, the papyrus is not supposed to be biased against certain rulers and is believed to include all the kings of Egypt up through at least the 19th Dynasty.

The papyrus was found by the Italian traveler Bernardino Drovetti in 1820 at Luxor (Thebes). In 1824 was put in the Egyptian Museum in Turin, Italy, and known as Papyrus Number 1874. When the box in which it had been taken to Italy was unpacked, the list had broken up into small pieces. Jean-Francois Champollion could read only some of the larger pieces which had royal names.

The Saxon researcher Gustav Seyffarth (1796–1885) looked carefully at some of the pieces, some only one square centimeter in size. He made a more complete reconstruction of the papyrus based only on the papyrus fibers, as he could not read the hieratic characters. Later work by the Munich Egyptologist Jens Peter Lauth, largely agreed with Seyffarth's work.

In 1997 Egyptologist Kim Ryholt published a new version of the list in his book, "The Political Situation in Egypt during the Second Intermediate Period c.1800-1550 B.C." Egyptologist Donald Redford has also studied the papyrus and has noted that many of the list’s names match historic monuments and other documents. However there are some differences and not all of the names match. The list may not be completely accurate for pre-Ramesses II chronology.

About 50% of the papyrus is missing. It is 1.7 m long and 0.41 m wide, broken into over 160 pieces. In 2009 new pieces were discovered in the storage room of the Egyptian Museum of Turin, in good condition. A new edition of the papyrus is expected.

The name Hudjefa, is listed twice in the papyrus. The name is now known to have been used by the royal scribes of Ramesses II when the name of a king was unreadable or missing.

The papyrus is divided into eleven columns. The names and positions of several kings are still uncertain as the list is so badly damaged.


This is the list of kings




Terry Sue-Patt

Terence Anthony "Terry" Sue-Patt (29 September 1964 – April/May 2015) was a British actor. He was best known for the role of Benny Green in the BBC television series "Grange Hill" (1978–1982). He also appeared in "Jackanory". He was born in Islington, London to British Jamaican parents.

Sue-Patt was found dead on 22 May 2015 in Walthamstow, London. He was 50 and is believed to have been dead for about a month.

Joaquim Durão

Joaquim Manuel Durão (25 October 1930 – 21 May 2015) was a Portuguese chess player. He was an International Master from 1975 until his death. He was 13 times Portuguese champion, and represented his country in ten Chess Olympiads. He was also president of the Portuguese Chess Federation.

Durão was born in Lisbon. He died on 21 May 2015, aged 84.

Asiatic linsang

The Asiatic linsang ("Prionodon") is a genus with two species, the banded linsang ("Prionodon linsang") and the spotted linsang ("Prionodon pardicolor"). They are native to southeast Asia:

DNA analysis on 29 species showed that "Prionodon" was the sister-group of the family Felidae. So the Asiatic linsangs are put in a family of their own, the Prionodontidae. "Prionodon" is not closely related to the African linsangs, although they look similar, and live a similar life. They are small cat-like carnivores adapted to catching small prey among the trees of a tropical forest. The similarities between the two groups came about by convergent evolution.

"Prionodon" is basal to the Feliformia and a sister taxon of the Felidae.

Donald Wrye

Donald Wrye (September 24, 1934 – May 15, 2015) was an American movie director, screenwriter and producer. He was best known for directing the movie "Ice Castles" (1978). His career began in 1966.

Wrye was born in Riverside, California. He was married to Kathryn Dowling Wrye.

Wrye died in his sleep on May 15, 2015 at his home in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He was 80.

Karnak king list

The Karnak king list, is a list of early Egyptian kings written in stone. It was in the southwest corner of the Festival Hall of Thutmose III. This hall was part of the Karnak Temple Complex, now Luxor, Egypt. It was written during the rule of Thutmose III. It has the names of 61 kings beginning with Sneferu from Egypt's Old Kingdom. Only the names of 39 kings can still be read. One name is not written in a cartouche (a border used around the name of a king). 

It is not a complete list of the Egyptian Pharaohs. This list has the names of kings of the First and Second Intermediate periods, which are left out in most other king lists.

It was first described by James Burton in 1825. In 1843, a German group directed by egyptologist Karl Richard Lepsius was traveling up the River Nile to Karnak. A French adventurer, Émile Prisse d'Avennes, got there first. he pulled down the wall at night and took away the blocks with the lists. He had these blocks sent to France. Severely damaged, it is now on show at the Louvre in Paris.

This list has the name of the Pharaoh followed by the actual one written on the stone. The list is in three sections and is divided at the center. The numbering is from the sides, toward the center.



Reversal of Fortune

Reversal of Fortune is a 1990 drama movie. It was adapted off a 1985 novel. Jeremy Irons plays Claus von Bülow. Glenn Close plays Sunny von Bülow.

The movie is based on the true story of the unexplained coma of socialite Sunny von Bülow. It is about the attempted murder trial and the acquittal of her husband Claus von Bülow.

The movie was released on October 17, 1990 in the United States. Its reviews were mostly positive.


Glamorgan County Cricket Club

Glamorgan County Cricket Club is the only Welsh cricket team to play in the County Championship and the T20 Blast. They play cricket at Sophia Gardens, Cardiff, Wales.

Dangerous Game (movie)

Dangerous Game is a 1993 erotic movie. Harvey Keitel plays Eddie Israel. Madonna plays Sarah Jennings. The movie is about a movie director based in New York City. The director has Sarah Jennings acting in a Hollywood marital-crisis drama movie.

This movie was released on November 19, 1993 in the United States. It got mixed reviews by movie critics. Rotten Tomatoes gave it a score of 29% based on 14 critic's reviews. It was rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA). It contains violence, profanity, sexual situations and nudity.


Aruna Shanbaug

Aruna Ramchandra Shanbaug (1 June 1948 – 18 May 2015) was an Indian nurse who was at the center of attention in a court case on euthanasia after spending 42 years in a coma after being raped and strangled.

Shanbaug was born in 1948 at Haldipur, Uttar Kannada, Karnataka. She worked as a nurse at the King Edward Memorial Hospital (KEM) in Mumbai. At the time of the attack, she was engaged to a doctor at the same hospital.

In 1973, while working as a junior nurse at King Edward Memorial Hospital, Parel, Mumbai, Shanbaug was anally raped then strangled by a ward boy, Sohanlal Bhartha Walmiki. She remained in a vegetative state following the assault.

On 24 January 2011, after she had been in this state for 37 years, the Supreme Court of India responded to the plea for euthanasia filed by Aruna's friend, journalist Pinki Virani, by setting up medical experts to test her.

The court rejected the petition on 7 March 2011. However, in its landmark opinion, it allowed passive euthanasia in India.

Shanbaug died from pneumonia on 18 May 2015 after being in a persistent vegetative state for nearly 42 years.


King of New York

King of New York is a 1990 crime-thriller movie. The movie is about drug trafficking in New York City. Laurence Fishburne plays Jimmy Jump. Wesley Snipes plays Thomas Flanigan. David Caruso plays Dennis Gilley. The movie was directed by Abel Ferrara. The movie was released in September 1990.


The movie premiered at the New York Film Festival. Many members of the audience, including Abel Ferrara's wife, walked from the movie theater. At a second showing of the movie the following day, Larry Fishburne and Nicholas St. John were booed from the stage.

Mark Caro, writing for the "Chicago Tribune" gave the movie only 1/2 star. He said "``King of New York,`` [is] a film more interested in leaving impressions than spinning a smooth narrative". He also said that both the star, Christopher Walken, and the movie "remains just out of grasp". 

Rotten Tomatoes gives the movie a rating of 71%. Roger Ebert gave the movie two stars. Janet Maslin from "New York Times" said the movie was "a chillingly ambiguous portrait of its title character."


Jackie Basehart

John Anthony Carmine Michael "Jackie" Basehart (11 October 1951 – 16 May 2015) was an American-born Italian actor. He was born in Santa Monica, California. Basehart was known for his role as Beri in the 1978 movie "The Inglorious Bastards".

Basehart died at his home in Milan, Italy after suffering from a rare disease, aged 63.

Jackie Brookner

Jackie Brookner (1945 – May 15, 2015) was an American ecological artist, writer, and educator. She worked with ecologists, design professionals, engineers, communities, and policy-makers on water remediation/public art projects for parks, wetlands, rivers, and urban stormwater runoff. 

Brookner died of cancer in her New York City home, aged 69.

Bob Belden

James Robert "Bob" Belden (October 31, 1956 – May 20, 2015) was an American saxophonist, arranger, composer, bandleader and producer. He may be best known for his Grammy Award winning jazz orchestral recording, "The Black Dahlia". Belden was born in Evanston, Illinois.

Belden died of a heart attack on May 20, 2015, at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan, aged 58.

Presidential $1 Coin Program

The Presidential $1 Coin Program is part of an Act of Congress, , which directs the United States Mint to produce $1 coins with portraits of U.S. presidents.

From 2007 to 2011, presidential $1 coins were minted for circulation in large numbers, resulting in a large stockpile of unused $1 coins. Since 2012, new presidential coins have been minted only for collectors.

Dollar coins were issued bearing the likenesses of presidents, as follows:

† — The act specifies that a president must have been deceased for no fewer than two years to be honored in the series. ("See above.") President Carter and Reagan's successors are currently living and therefore do not qualify.


Class action

A class action, class suit, or representative action is a type of lawsuit. One of the parties is a group of people who are represented collectively by one member of that group. 

The class action originated in the United States. It is still mainly a U.S. phenomenon. However, several European countries with civil law have made changes to allow consumer organizations to bring claims on behalf of consumers. 

In 1991 China passed the "Civil Procedure Law" that allows class actions. In Brazil class action suits have been brought against industries, banks. and other organizations. They have been used against environmental damage, product defects and false advertising to name a few. Unlike the US, Brazilian judges award much smaller amounts for damages.

The predecessor of the class action was called a "group litigation". They were used in England from the 13th century. It involved groups of people suing or being sued in a court. Group cases were easier to handle than numbers of individual cases, because of the slow and difficult travelling at that time. Judges travelled round a circuit, and might visit a town only once or twice a year. By the 18th century individual lawsuits became the norm.

Chevrolet Blazer

Chevrolet Blazer (and GMC Jimmy) can refer to one of several SUV models from General Motors:


Znaur Gassiev

Znaur Nikolaevich Gassiev ( "Znauyr Gassity", , ; 17 March 1925 – 6 March 2016) was a South Ossetian politician. He was one of the leaders of the South Ossetian independence movement in the early 1990s. He served as the first President of South Ossetia from 1991 through 1992.

Gassiev died on 6 March 2016 in Tskhinvali. He was aged 90.

Chevrolet S-10 Blazer

The Chevrolet S-10 Blazer and the similar GMC S-15 Jimmy were mid-size SUVs from General Motors. Production began in 1983. The S-10 was produced through 2005. In the United States retail sales after 2004 were limited to two-door Blazer models. All other models were sold to fleets until April 20, 2005. In the Canadian market, four-door models of the Blazer and Jimmy were sold until the 2004 model year. They were sold until the 2005 model year for the two-door models of both.

The S-series SUVs were based on the Chevrolet S-10 and GMC S-15 pickup trucks. In 1995 a second-generation model was produced. It had improvements in performance and interior room. It also had updated styling but did not carry the S-10 name.

They were produced in Pontiac, Michigan; Linden, New Jersey; Moraine, Ohio; Shreveport, Louisiana; and São Paulo, Brazil. Even though production ceased in the U.S., new Blazers are locally produced in Brazil with their own sheet metal stampings). In North America, the Moraine plant produced only 4-door vehicles. Both 2- and 4-door models were produced at Linden, which was the main assembly plant after the switch from Pontiac, Michigan about 1995.

<br>

Majd Izzat al-Chourbaji

Majd Izzat al-Chourbaji (Arabic: مجد عزت الشربجي )(born 1981) is a Syrian peace activist. In 2015, she received the U.S. State Department's International Women of Courage Award, for her work with women and human rights in Syria.

Madj Izzat al-Chourbaji was born in 1981 in the town of Darayya, Syria. When she was six months old, her family went to France because of violence in Syria. They returned to Syria in 1991. In Syria, Majd studied French literature. She received a degree from Damascus University. After college, Majd worked on an anti-corruption program in the Damascus suburbs. 

When the violence from the Arab Spring came to Syria, Majd started sit-ins for the freedom of political prisoners. She went to jail, and was injured by the police. Although Mjad was hurt, she wanted peaceful protest. She started classes on peace and citizenship for the prisoners. Majd persuaded 150 women prisoners to have a hunger strike. She wanted to go to court to get publicity for the women's problems. Finally, she went to court. Majd and 83 prisoners received their freedom, in a prisoner exchange with the Syrian opposition. The Syrian security forces continued to watch Majd, so she went to Lebanon with her three children. 


Twinkle (singer)

Lynn Annette "Twinkle" Ripley (15 July 1948 – 21 May 2015) was a British singer-songwriter. She had chart successes in the 1960s with her best known songs, "Terry" and "Golden Lights". Her niece is actress Fay Ripley. 


Priscilla Pointer

Priscilla Marie Pointer (born May 18, 1924) is an American stage, movie and television character actress. She began her career in the theater. Her daughter is actress Amy Irving. She was known for her roles in "Carrie", "The Onion Field", "Mommie Dearest", "", "", "Blue Velvet" and "Coyote Moon".


Airline food

Airline food is food served to passengers on an airplane. It is usually included in the price of the ticket, except for most low-cost airlines. Some airlines now have a "buy-on-board" menu, in which food and drinks are typically sold. Some airline now offer small snacks, instead of meals. 

Mafia (video game)

Mafia (or Mafia: The City of Lost Heaven) is a Third-person shooter video game about a group of people who are in the mafia gang. It was released In 2002 for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and Microsoft Windows. A sequel to the video game called "Mafia II" was released in 2010.

China men's national volleyball team

China national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of China. The team twice took part in the Summer Olympics, finishing in eighth place at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California., and 5th place in the 2008 Summer Olympics.



Japan men's national volleyball team

Japan national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of Japan. Japan won a team Gold medal in the Olympics 1972. They've won Gold medals seven times in Asian Volleyball Championships. Their head coach is Masashi Nanbu.



Traffic (movie)

Traffic is a 2000 American crime drama movie. It contains three stories of the illegal drug trade, one in Mexico, one in San Diego, one in Ohio. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Helena. Erika Christensen plays Caroline. Dennis Quaid plays Arnie.

"Traffic" got very positive reviews from movie critics. The movie got back over $207 million at the box office. It also earned four Academy Awards, including Best Director and Best Film Editing.


Erika Christensen

Erika Christensen (born August 19, 1982) is an American actress who has acted in many movies and television programs. She played Julia on the NBC family series "Parenthood". She also played Caroline in the movie "Traffic".

She was born in Seattle, Washington.

Nurse Betty

Nurse Betty is a 2000 American black comedy movie. This movie is about a Kansas waitress who has a nervous breakdown after she sees her husband being murdered. Renée Zellweger plays Betty Sizemore. Chris Rock plays Wesley. Morgan Freeman plays Charlie. The movie won Best Screenplay at the Cannes Film Festival in 2000. The movie was rated R "for strong violence, pervasive language and a scene of sexuality". "Nurse Betty" got very positive reviews from critics. Roger Ebert gave it three stars. Metacritic rated gave it a Metascore of 69. It was on September 8, 2000.


Trituberculata

The Trituberculata is an extinct group of mammals in the fossil record from about 215–85 illion years ago (mya). The discoveries were isolated teeth, so not much else can be said about the animals. They were small insectivores, and probably nocturnal. The group contains the ancestors of Placentalia and Marsupialia; all modern mammals except Monotremes are descended from trituberculates.

The name comes from the three tubercles (cusps) of the molar teeth (not to be confused with Triconodonta). The clade Trituberculata is not always regarded as valid. They probably do not form a monophyletic group. Instead, some may be "true" basal mammals (though not always closest related to each other). Others (such as the symmetrodonts) may fall just outside the therian crown group.


Radomir Naumov

Radomir Naumov (; 20 December 1946 – 22 May 2015) was a Serbian politician and engineer. He was the Minister of Mining and Energy from 3 March 2004 until 15 May 2007. He was also Minister of Religion from 15 May 2007 until 7 July 2008.

Naumov was born in Čoka. He graduated from the University of Belgrade. He was married to Marija.

Naumov died after an illness on 22 May 2015 in Belgrade. He was 68.

Barbegal aqueduct and mills

The Barbegal aqueduct and mill is a Roman watermill complex. It is on the territory of the commune of Fontvieille, near the town of Arles in southern France

Aleksey Mozgovoy

Aleksey Borisovich Mozgovoy (, , born "Oleksiy Borisovich Mozhovyj"; 3 April 1975 – 23 May 2015) was a Ukrainian pro-Russian separatist commander in the self-proclaimed Republic of Novorossiya until 20 May 2015. He was leader of the rebel battalion "Prizrak". He was born in Svatove Raion, Voroshilovgrad Oblast.

He and four other people were killed on 23 May 2015 in a car attack in Perevalsk Raion, Luhansk Oblast. He was 40.

Ontario Liberal Party

The Ontario Liberal Party is a provincial political party in Ontario, Canada. The party follows a political ideology that is similar to what the Liberal Party of Canada follows. Despite this, the two parties are two different parties.

The party comes from the Reform movement in the 1830s and 1840s. The party was organized in 1847 by George Brown. It won the 1871 provincial elections and remained in power until the general election of 1905.

Between 2003 and 2018, the Liberals won every election. After the 2018 elections, the Progressive Conservatives took over. They lost almost all their seats in the Legislative Assembly, except for seven seats. Because they only had seven seats, they lost their official party status.

Executive Council of Ontario

The Executive Council of Ontario (which is also called the Cabinet of Ontario) plays an important part in the Goverment of Ontario. It is made up of members of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. The members of the council are appointed by the Lieutenant Governor of Ontario. Each member is usually the head of a government ministry.

Lieutenant Governor of Ontario

The Lieutenant Governor of Ontario is the representative of King Charles III in Ontario. He or she carries out most of the monarch's constitutional and ceremonial duties, such as approving laws. On 23 September 2014, Elizabeth Dowdeswell became Lieutenant Governor.

The lieutenant governors are appointed by the Governor General of Canada, based on the advise of the Prime Minister of Canada.

Médée

Médée is a French opera in three acts. Luigi Cherubini wrote the music. The libretto is by François-Benoît Hoffmann (Nicolas Étienne Framéry). It is based on Euripides' tragedy of Medea and on Pierre Corneille's play "Médée". It was first performed in Paris on 13 March 1797. The Italian version by Carlo Zangarini was performed in Milan on 30 December 1909. The opera is Cherubini's most successful work. It was revived in 1953 for Maria Callas. 




List of political parties in Ontario

The following is a list of political parties in Ontario, Canada.

Parties listed in the order they are alphabetized by Elections Ontario.




Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario

The Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario is a centre-right political party in Ontario, Canada. The party was organized in 1854 by Sir John A. Macdonald and George-Étienne Cartier. It has formed the government of Ontario for 80 of the last 147 years, including the period from 1943 to 1985.

In the 2014 provincial general election, the party won 28 out of 107 seats in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. On July 2, 2014, Jim Wilson was chosen to be the temporary leader of the party and Leader of the Opposition. In the 2018 Ontario general election, they won a full majority of seats under the leadership of Doug Ford.

On March 10, 2018, Doug Ford, former city councillor and the brother of the late former Mayor of Toronto Rob Ford, was chosen as the leader of the PC Party, closely beating runner-up Christine Elliott on the third ballot with 50.6% of allocated points, however Elliot had more votes. Since Ford didn't have a seat in the legislature, Ford opted to have Vic Fedeli continue as Leader of the Opposition prior to the 2018 election.

The Ontario PC Party's 2018 platform was named the Plan For The People.

On June 7, 2018, Ford led the party to a majority government. The PC Party won 76 of 124 seats and 40.5% of the vote.

Ontario Highway 416

Ontario Highway 416 is a provincial highway in Eastern Ontario, Canada. It connects the Trans-Canada Highway (Highway 417) in Ottawa with Highway 401. It runs from south to north. It is .

Highway 416 starts at an interchange with Highway 401 near Johnstown. It continues north through rural areas until it reaches Ottawa near its northern end. It passes through several towns, including Spencerville and Kemptville. The highway ends at an interchange with Highway 417 east of Ottawa.

Ontario Highway 118

Ontario Highway 118 is a provincial highway in Central Ontario, Canada. It is long. It runs from west to east. It starts at Highway 11 near Bracebridge. It ends at Highway 28 near Bancroft. The highway runs through the District Municipality of Muskoka and Haliburton County, with a short part in Hastings County at its eastern end.

Transavia

Transavia is a Dutch and French low-cost carrier. It is currently owned by Air France-KLM. It began on January 3, 1966. It was the third airline founded in the Netherlands. The first scheduled flight happened on October 26, 1986. It has scheduled (planned) and charter (irregular) flights to many destinations in Europe. 

Chevrolet K5 Blazer

The K5 Blazer was the smallest full-size SUV version of the Chevrolet C/K Truck family. It was added to the Chevrolet line in 1969. The full-size Blazer was replaced in 1995 by the Chevrolet Tahoe. In 1970, GMC introduced its own model of the truck, called the Jimmy.The Blazer name was also discontinued in 1994 and replaced by the GMC Yukon. However the Blazer has a re-design in 1992 in which would later become the Tahoe in 1995. Both were based on the short wheelbase trucks. They were available with either rear-wheel drive or four-wheel drive. The K5 Blazer and Jimmy had "full convertible" removable tops until 1975. In 1976, GM introduced a half-cab design that was less prone to leaks. It was slightly safer in a rollover accident. These half cabs also had a removable top section. It started at a few inches behind the driver/passenger doors all the way back to the tailgate.

When it was introduced in 1969, it was available as 4-wheel drive only. In 1970, a two-wheel-drive model was offered. There were four engine choices: the "250 in" straight-6, the "292" straight-6, the "307" V8, and the "350" V8.

The Blazer was designed and marketed to compete with International Harvester Scout and the Ford Bronco. Both of these were originally aimed at the short Jeep CJ series. But all three were much smaller than other trucks. The Blazer was a shortened pickup truck. This gave it increased interior space. It also lowered the cost of production with a shared platform. The Blazer quickly became popular. For the first time, it married the off-road capabilities of the Scout with the "luxury" features like air conditioning and automatic transmissions. At that time were usually available on cars. By 1970, the Blazer was already outselling both of its older rivals. It took Jeep (with the Cherokee) and Dodge (with the Dodge Ramcharger) to introduce similar models. Ford did not have a competing model until 1978 (Ford F-Series pickup). 

The two-wheel drive version came with independent front suspension and rear trailing arms, both with coil springs. The four-wheel drive version had a solid front axle and used leaf springs front and rear. Both versions used drum brakes at all four wheels until 1971. This is when the entire GM light truck line got standard front disc brakes. A tachometer was optional.

There was also a choice between a three-speed automatic transmission Turbo Hydromatic (TH350), a three-speed manual transmission, and a four-speed Synchromesh (SM465) manual transmission. Two transfer cases were offered. The Dana 20 was available only with the manual transmissions. The NP-205 was available with both types of transmissions. The Blazer had of ground clearance and an approach angle of 35°.

In 1973, GM's line of full-size trucks was redesigned and updated. A tilt-steering wheel became optional. Although rear-wheel drive Blazers were manufactured until 1982, the majority sold were four-wheel drive.

Until 1975, the K5 had a removable convertible top. In 1976, a half-cab design was introduced and used until 1991.

The GMT400 platform was introduced in the spring of 1987 as for the 1988 model trucks. However, the K5 Blazer, Suburban, and crew-cab (four-door) trucks kept the earlier platform until 1991. In 1989, the front grille was changed to look like the ones used on the GMT400 series of pickups.

The K5 Blazer was available with a 305ci (1981–1987), 307ci (1973 only), 350ci (1973–1991), or 400ci (1973–1980) small blocks, the 250ci Inline-6 (1973–1984), or the 6.2L Detroit Diesel (1982–1987). Starting in 1981 the NP208 transfer case was used. From 1988 to 1991 the NP241 transfer case was used with some axles. 

The second generation K5 models made the rear hatch glass and tailgate into a single unit. This allowed the glass panel to retract inside the tailgate. It used either a manual handle or an electric motor to raise and lower the glass. For better fuel economy second generation Blazers used the smaller displacement 305 V-8. These engines produced nearly as much torque as the 350 V-8. However, these engines were not as powerful and prone to detonation (engine knocking). After 1987, when throttle-body injection was introduced in the truck engines, the 350 was made the standard engine.

Around 1981, a prototype K5 Blazer was used as a testbed for a military CUCV vehicle. Between 1983 and 1987, what is known as the M1009 CUCV was the production military version of the civilian K5. The differences are the lack of an air conditioner. They had an additional leaf spring in the suspension. Instead of the normal 12 V car battery the military version used a hybrid 12/24 volt system. It also had blackout headlights, front mounted brush guard, a rifle rack and special paint jobs. A majority of them are painted olive drab green or in the woodland camouflage pattern. Some M1009s that saw desert use were painted tan. All M1009s are powered with the 6.2 L Diesel engine. Some decommissioned M1009s end up in law enforcement use (for example with the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department). Some were sold through government auctions. A few are still in use by the National Guard.

TAROM

TAROM is the national airline of Romania. Its main hub is at Otopeni Airport at Bucharest. The government of Romania owns 95% of TAROM. 

TAROM began in 1954. Since Romania was part of the Eastern Bloc, TAROM had to fly mostly airplanes made by the Soviet Union. When the Soviet Union ended in 1991, TAROM was allowed to buy airplanes from other countries. TAROM started flying Airbus planes in 1993. In 2010, TAROM joined SkyTeam. As of 2016, TAROM owns 23 airplanes and goes to 79 cities across Europe, Asia, Africa and North America.

Wheelbase

In both road and rail vehicles, the wheelbase is the distance between the centers of the front and rear wheels.

Because of the effect the wheelbase has on the weight distribution of the vehicle, wheelbase dimensions are very important to the balance and steering. In high performance vehicles a longer wheelbase is more stable at higher speeds. A short wheelbase vehicle is usually able to corner faster but may be less aerodynamic. The wheelbase, along with the track, affects a vehicle's steering angle (how sharply it can turn).

Wheelbase has an effect on a vehicle's turning radius (or turning circle). This is the smallest circle an automobile can turn or U-turn within. A long wheelbase automobile or truck cannot turn as sharply as a short wheelbase vehicle.

If the vehicle is towing a trailer (in British English a caravan) the weight distribution of the trailer is critical. If too much of the trailer's weight, called "tongue weight", presses down on the vehicle's tow hitch (more than 15 percent) it can cause the vehicle to go out of control. Too little tongue weight (less than 10 percent) can cause the trailer to sway from side to side. this in turn can make the vehicle difficult or even impossible to control. The shorter the wheelbase the more quickly these forces can cause a loss of control. A longer wheelbase vehicle is generally more desirable for towing. Each vehicle has a tow rating showing how much weight it can tow safely.
A vehicle's wheelbase is also important to the overall aesthetic appeal of a automobile design. Wheelbase is part of the balance and proportion of an automobile. Some Luxury vehicles are offered with long wheelbases to increase the spaciousness and luxury of the vehicle. This is found most often on full-size cars. In contrast, coupé varieties of the some vehicles such as the Honda Accord are usually built on shorter wheelbases than the sedans they are based on.


Abydos King List

The Abydos King List, also known as the Abydos Table, is a list of 76 kings of Ancient Egypt. It was written on a wall of the Temple of Seti I at Abydos, Egypt. The list has three rows of 38 cartouches (borders around the name of a king) in each row. The upper two rows list the kings, while the third row repeats Seti I's throne name and praenomen.

It lists the Old Kingdom kings in the order in which they ruled. It is the only record of the names of many of the kings of the Seventh and Eighth Dynasties.

This names of some earlier pharaohs who were not seen to be lawful rulers — such as Akhenaten, Hatshepsut, Smenkhkare, Tutankhamen, and Ay, have been left out of the list.



Structural load

Structural loads or actions are forces, deformations, or accelerations applied to a structure or its components. A load is the amount of weight a structure has to carry. Loads cause stresses, deformations, and displacements in structures. Structural analysis is the calculation of the effects of loads on physical structures. Excess load or overloading may cause structural failure. This is a consideration in the design and construction of a structure.

Mechanical structures, such as aircraft, satellites, rockets, space stations, ships and submarines, have their own particular structural loads and actions. In a vehicle, especially trucks, the chassis is designed to carry the structural load. In many cars unibody construction is used where the metal skin (or other materials) is designed to carry the load. 
Gravity on Earth is an attractive force that affects all objects. A gravity load is one that the downward force of gravity affects.

The following are typical loads exerted against most structures:


For aircraft, loading is divided into two major categories: limit loads and ultimate loads. Limit loads are the maximum loads a component or structure may carry safely. Ultimate loads are the limit loads times a factor of 1.5 or the point beyond which the component or structure will fail. Gust loads are determined statistically and are provided by an agency such as the Federal Aviation Administration. Crash loads are loosely bounded by the ability of structures to survive the deceleration of a major ground impact. Other loads that may be critical are pressure loads (for pressurized, high-altitude aircraft) and ground loads. Loads on the ground can be from adverse braking or maneuvering during taxiing. Aircraft are constantly subjected to cyclic loading. These cyclic loads can cause metal fatigue.

Payback (2015)

Payback (2015) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by WWE that was held on May 17, 2015 at Royal Farms Arena in Baltimore, Maryland. It was the third Payback event. The event was free to new subscribers on WWE's monthly subscription service, the WWE Network.

The main event saw Seth Rollins defeat Roman Reigns, Dean Ambrose and Randy Orton in a Fatal 4-Way match to retain the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. Rollins won by pinfall after a Pedigree to Orton.


Argentina men's national volleyball team

Argentina national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of Argentina. The team's best achievements are the 1982 World Championship bronze medal and the bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics.



Spain men's national volleyball team

Spain national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of Spain. On 16 September 2007 the team won the European title. That is the best result reached by the team in his history.



Andrea Anastasi

Andrea Anastasi (born October 8, 1960 in Poggio Rusco, Italy) is a former Italian volleyball player, World Champion 1990, European Championship 1989, World League 1990 and World League 1991, head coach of Polish club Lotos Trefl Gdańsk.


Two for the Road

Two for the Road is a 1967 comedy-drama motion picture. This movie is about a couple who examine their relationship while on a trip to southern France. Audrey Hepburn plays Joanna Wallace. Albert Finney plays Mark.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. 


Bitche

Bitche is a commune in the Lorraine region in northeastern France. About 5,000 people live there.

It is known for its large citadel. The surrounding area is known as le Pays de Bitche ("Land of Bitche") and Bitscherland in German.

<br>

In Cold Blood

In Cold Blood is a 1967 American crime-drama movie. The movie is based on the novel of the same name. It is about Richard Hickock and Perry Smith. In 1959, the two men break into a Kansas home and kill four people. They drive to Las Vegas, then to Mexico. They are later caught by police, tried for the murders, then executed. Robert Blake plays Perry Smith. Scott Wilson plays Richard Hickock.

The movie was released on 14 December 1967. It was officially rated R by the MPAA for violence.


Casino Royale (1967 movie)

Casino Royale is a 1967 spy-comedy movie. The movie is about James Bond being forced from retirement to investigate the deaths and disappearances of international spies. Ursula Andress plays Vesper Lynd. David Niven plays James Bond.

The movie was a financial success. It took in over $41 million worldwide. The reviews for "Casino Royale", were mixed.


Fanny Brice

Fanny Brice (October 29, 1891 – May 29, 1951) was an American singer, comedian, theater and movie actress. She appeared in many Broadway plays. She also appeared on television and radio. On radio, she played Snooks in "The Baby Snooks Show". In the movie "Everybody Sing", she played Olga. 

Brice was born in New York City. She died in Hollywood, California from a cerebral hemorrhage. She was 59.

Stephanie Courtney

Stephanie Courtney (born February 8, 1970) is an American actress and comedian. She acts in television and radio commercials. She played Flo in commercials for Progressive Insurance. She also played Diane on the ABC comedy series "Caveman".

Courtney was born in Stony Point, New York.

Abby Elliott

Abigail "Abby" Elliott (born June 16, 1987) is an American actress and comedian. She does impressions of celebrities on television. She played Jeanette Peterson in "How I Met Your Mother". She also played Taylor in the 2014 remake movie "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles".

Elliott was born in New York City. Her father, Chris Elliott, was on "Saturday Night Live" in 1994–1995. Her grandfather is comedian Bob Elliott.

South Saqqara Stone

The South Saqqara Stone is a large piece of stone. Written on the stone is a list of the pharaohs of the 6th dynasty of ancient Egypt. The list includes Teti, Userkare, Pepi I, Merenre and Pepi II. The list finishes with Pepi II which means it was probably written during his rule. The list is a record of the events which took place during each kings rule. However the stone was used later as the lid of sarcophagus. This was for the burial of the ancient Egyptian queen Ankhenespepi. A lot of the writing can not be read any longer.

The South Saqqara Stone was discovered in 1932-33 by Gustave Jéquier. It was in a storeroom, south of the pyramid of Queen Iput II. This is part of the pyramid complex of Pepi II at Saqqara. Saqqara was the main burial area for the city of Memphis.

The stone is a piece of basalt, 2.43 metres by 0.92 metres and 20 centimetres thick. It has writing on both sides, but much of the writing has been removed and is unreadable. 

The writing on the South Saqqara Stone means it is an important object. The list of pharaohs has details about the annual or biannual cattle count. This matches details in other lists such as the Turin King List. This allows archaeologists to work out how long each king ruled. From the information on the stone it can be worked out that Teti ruled for at least 12 years, Userkare 2-4 years, Pepi I 49-50 years and 11-13 years for Merenre.

The Stone is one of the earliest historical documents in existence. It has the names of all the pharaohs known to the people who made it. 



Heterobranchia

The Heterobranchs are a large group of snails and slugs. The group includes marine, aquatic and terrestrial gastropod molluscs.

Heterobranchia is one of the main clades of gastropods. It has three informal groups: The details are extremely complicated, and not yet quite worked out. Experts say they have "poorly resolved phylogenetic relationships". 


Yoshi's Woolly World

Yoshi's Woolly World (known as Yoshi Wool World in Japan) is a side-scrolling platform video game. It was developed by Good-Feel and published by Nintendo. The game was released on 26 June 2015 in Europe, Fall 2015 in North America, Summer 2015 in Japan, and on 25 June 2015 in Australia. It will be released for the Wii U. "Yoshi's Woolly World" will be the first "Yoshi" video game to be released on a home console since "Yoshi's Story" was release for the Nintendo 64 in 1997.

The game was announced by Nintendo CEO Satoru Iwata on 23 January 2013 under the name "Yarn Yoshi". It supports Amiibo figurines. A new line of Amiibo made out of yarn will be released. Nintendo is planning to release three Yoshi Amiibo in pink, green, and blue.

A stage in "Super Smash Bros. for Wii U" is based on "Yoshi's Woolly World".


Warren Weinstein

Warren Weinstein (July 3, 1941 – January 14, 2015) was an American contractor and economist. He was a director in Pakistan for J.E. Austin Associates.

He was kidnapped by eight al-Qaeda members on August 13, 2011 in Lahore, Pakistan. He was killed in a January 2015 US drone strike on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border. His death was announced by U.S. President Barack Obama at a White House press conference on April 23, 2015.

Adam Yahiye Gadahn

Adam Yahiye Gadahn (, "Ādam Yaḥyā Ghadan"; September 1, 1978 – January 19, 2015) was an American senior operative, cultural interpreter, spokesman and media advisor for the Islamist group al-Qaeda. Since 2004, he had appeared in a number of videos produced by al-Qaeda as "Azzam the American" ('Azzām al-Amrīki, عزام الأمريكي, sometimes transcribed as Ezzam Al-Amerikee). He was born in Oregon.

On April 23, 2015, President Barack Obama announced at a press conference that Gadahn had been killed in a CIA drone strike in Pakistan on January 19, 2015.

The Magnificent Seven

The Magnificent Seven is an American western movie. It was made in 1960. The music composer was Elmer Bernstein. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Original Music Score in 1960.

The movie stars Yul Brynner, Eli Wallach and Steve McQueen. The movie is a western style version of Akira Kurosawa's Japanese-language movie "Seven Samurai", made in 1954. Other actors are Charles Bronson, Robert Vaughn, James Coburn, Brad Dexter, Horst Buchholz and Bing Russell.

A Mexican village keeps on getting raided for food and supplies by a bandit (Eli Wallach) and his gang. The seven are a group of gunfighters hired to protect the village. The movie was made on location in Mexico. One of the towns used for the village is Durango.

In 2013, the movie was picked by the Library of Congress to be kept in the National Film Registry because it is "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". This means the movie will be protected from damage that happens to older film that was used to make movies.


When it was released, the movie did not get many good reviews. Howard Thompson of "The New York Times", said the movie was a "pallid, pretentious and overlong reflection of the Japanese original". He also said: "don't expect anything like the ice-cold suspense, the superb juxtaposition of revealing human vignettes and especially the pile-driver tempo of the first "Seven"."

"Variety" magazine said, "Until the women and children arrive on the scene about two-thirds of the way through, "The Magnificent Seven" is a rip-roaring rootin' tootin' western with lots of bite and tang and old-fashioned abandon. The last third is downhill, a long and cluttered anti-climax in which "The Magnificent Seven" grow slightly too magnificent for comfort."

But one reviewer, Akira Kurosawa, liked the movie so well that he gave the producer, John Sturges, a sword.

Over the years, the movie has become more liked and gets modern praise. Many of the actors became movie stars. They have been seen in other movies and on television. The movie itself also is shown on TV and can be seen on DVD. As of 2015, it has a freshness rating of 93 percent on Rotten Tomatoes. Of movie viewers, 88 percent said they liked it. The film is also ranked 79 on American Film Institute's: AFI's 100 Years... 100 Thrills list.

Thermidorian Reaction

The Thermidorian Reaction was a coup d'état inside the French Revolution. It was against the leaders of the Jacobin Club, who had dominated the Committee of Public Safety. It was triggered by a vote of the National Convention to execute Maximilien Robespierre, Louis Antoine de Saint-Just, and several other leading members of the revolutionary government. This ended the Reign of Terror, the most radical phase of the French Revolution.

The name Thermidorian refers to 9 Thermidor Year II (27 July 1794), the date according to the French Republican Calendar.

A Thermidorian Reaction is a phrase now used when an oppressive regime (government) is overthrown, and replaced by an even more repressive regime.

This term comes from the French Revolution, when the monarchy was overthrown. It was replaced by several forms of government, each more oppressive than the last. One of the regimes renamed the months and renumbered the years because they were too Christian. One of the summer months was called Thermidor. This particular revolution happened in that month, so it was called the Thermidorian Reaction.

Charles W. Buttz

Charles Wilson Buttz (November 16, 1837 – July 20, 1913) was a U.S. Representative for South Carolina.

He was born in Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. He died in Lisbon, North Dakota.

International Harvester Scout

The International Scout was an off-road vehicle which was made by International Harvester from 1960 to 1980. It was one of the earlier SUVs. The Scout was created as a competitor to the Jeep. Remarkably, the Scout went from a basic idea to production in only two years. Like the Jeep it had square utilitarian styling but had cleaner lines. It initially featured a fold-down windshield. The Scout and second generation Scout II were produced in Fort Wayne, Indiana as two-door trucks. They had the options of a half cab pickup or removable hard or soft top.

International Harvester began building trucks and pickups and later in 1907. In 1953 it added a truck-based people carrier, the Travelall. In the late 1950s it began to design a competitor for the two-door Jeep CJ 4x4. The 1961 model year Scout 80 made its debut in late 1960. Scouts began selling so well against Jeep, Ford jumped in with the Bronco and Chevrolet came out with the Blazer.

A concept for its replacement was started in 1964. It was approved for production in mid 1965. The Scout II was introduced in 1971. The basic sheet metal remained the unchanged until production stopped on October 21, 1980. During the 20 year period (1960–1980) 532,674 Scouts were produced. The Scout, introduced as a commercial utility vehicle in 1960, set the stage for future 4-wheel drive recreational vehicles of the '70s, '80s, and '90s.

Scout models include the:

<br>

Ford Bronco

The Ford Bronco was a utility vehicle that was produced from 1966 to 1996. It had five distinct generations. All these vehicles are currently classified as sport utility vehicles (SUV). The Broncos can be divided into two categories: early Broncos (1966–77) and full-size Broncos (1978–96). In 2021, after 25 years away, Ford revived the Bronco name on a new small, retro-styled SUV. 
The Bronco was introduced in 1966. It was a competitor to the small four-wheel drive compact SUVs that included the Jeep CJ-5 and International Harvester Scout. It was built on its own platform. Ford positioned the Bronco between the Jeep and Scout. But it was too small to capture the US market. A major redesign in 1978 moved the Bronco to a larger size. It used a shortened Ford F-Series truck chassis to compete with both the similarly adapted Chevrolet K5 Blazer, as well as the Dodge Ramcharger.

The full-size Broncos and the successor Expedition were produced at Ford's Michigan Truck Plant in Wayne, Michigan.

Marco Andretti

Marco Michael Andretti (born March 13, 1987) is an American race car driver. He drives car #27 for Andretti Autosport in the IndyCar Series. He is a part of the famous Andretti family of race car drivers.

Andretti began racing in the IndyCar Series in 2006. His best season was 2013 at 5th place. he has had 2 wins.


Wallace de Souza

Wallace de Souza (June 26, 1987 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian volleyball player. He plays for Sada Cruzeiro Vôlei and the Brazilian national team. Souza competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where he won the silver medal with Brazil. The Russian team took home the gold medals.

<br>

Volleyball World League

The FIVB Volleyball World League is an international men's volleyball competition held annually. It was created in 1990. It is the longest and richest of all the international events organized by the Fédération Internationale de Volleyball (FIVB). There are millions in prize money and worldwide TV coverage. The 2015 event is the 26th edition with a record 32 teams competing. 


Asian Volleyball Championship

The Asian Volleyball Championship is a sport competition for national volleyball teams. It is organized by the Asian Volleyball Confederation and the Asian volleyball federation. It is held every two years. The first edition for both men and women was held in 1975.


Man in the iron mask

The Man in the iron mask was a prisoner of Louis XIV whose identity is not known. The man was imprisoned from 1669 until his death in 1703. The man was forced to wear a black cloth over his face most of the time; no one saw his face. The prisoner always had the same guardian. Most of the facts that are known are from correspondence, mostly of his guardian with his superiors. When he was first imprisoned, the identity of the man was given as "Eustache Dauger". He is buried in the graveyard of the church Saint-Paul-Saint-Louis in Paris. His tombstone says his name was "Marchiali". Other sources also give the names "Marchioly", or "Marchialy."

The first time this man is mentioned is in a letter Elizabeth Charlotte, Princess Palatine wrote to Sophia of Hanover in 1711. She tells that he had to wear a mask, all the time, but knows nothing about his identity. In a letter of 1698, one of the guardians of the Bastille mentions that an elderly prisoner was being brought to the Bastille, and that this prisoner had to wear a mask. The guardian of the prisoner is Bénigne Dauvergne de Saint-Mars. This person had written many letters to François Michel Le Tellier de Louvois, the minister of war at the time. There was heavy censorship at the time; about 90% of the letters were lost.

On 24th August 1669, a man was imprisoned in Pinerolo. Pinerolo was called Pignerol and was part of France at the time. On 19th August, Louvois announced that this prisoner from Dunkerque was a very important person, but that he had not yet been arrested. The prisoner's name was given as Eustache Dauger. In Pinerolo, he met other important prisoners, such as Nicolas Fouquet or Antoine Nompar de Caumont. Dauger was allowed to talk to Fouquet. At times, Daguer acted as a servant to Fouquet, when Fouquet's servant was ill. In 1678, Fouquet asked for more freedom, and this wish was granted. At Fouquet's death in 1680, a hole was discovered between his cell and that of Caumont. From then onwards, both Fouquet's servant and Dauger were separated from Caumont. Both the man with the iron mask, and the servant of Fouquet were transferred to Exilles, which is only away.

In 1682, the two were separated. Fouquet's servant died in 1687. As Exilles was threatened by war, the man with the iron mask was transferred to the island of Sainte-Marguerite, next to Cannes. At that time, only one other person was imprisoned in Sainte-Marguerite. In September 1698, Dauger was transferred to the Bastille in Paris, where he died in 1703. Each time, the unknown prisoner was transferred this also applied to Saint-Mars, who rose in position. The transfer also applied to the few other prisoners Saint-Mars had to guard.

When he was in public, or with strangers, Dauger had to wear a mask. He also could not contact anyone. When he was transferred, people saw that no one could see his face, hear his voice, or speak to him.

Despite this, people always looked that he felt relatively at ease. He received new washed clothes twice a week, and could ask for any book he wanted. He was allowed to play the lute, and could see a doctor when there was the need to do so. Saint-Mars was given 12 livres a day, for food and drink of this prisoner. The cell that he occupied in Sainte Marguerite cost 5.000 livres to build. In Pinerolo, a special cell was built that had to be entered through three doors. This cell was soundproof, nothing could be heard outside the cell. Saint-Mars was personally responsible for the well-being of the man in the iron mask. There are testimonials that officers had to take off their hat in his presence, and that they were only allowed to put it back on when told to do so.

There are accounts that at the time of his death, the prisoner was about 60 years old. When he was transferred to Exilles in 1687, the prisoner had gray hair.

The man with the iron mask did not wear a mask all the time. It is likely, that he only wore it when he was transferred, so that people could not recognize him. If he had worn the mask all the time, this would have led to infections. In addition, as the prisoner was male, the hair growing in his face needed cutting from time to time. The need for wearing a mask is mentioned only twice: In the document which ordered his transfer to the Bastille, and for the transfer to the island near Cannes.

Voltaire was immured in the Bastille, in 1717. According to him, this prisoner was an older brother of the King. In 1751, he published his work A century of Louis XIV, where he spends a section detailing the story of the man with the iron mask. According to Voltaire, the man was imprisoned in 1661, after the death of Cardinal Mazarin. It is possible that most of what is known today was an invention of Voltaire, who used this man to give an example of how bad an absolute ruler could be.

When he announced the arrival of the prisoner in the very first letter, Louvois gave his name as "Eustache Dauger". Historians have found out that there was a man by that name, who was alive at that time. The full name of this man was Eustache Dauger de Cavoye. According to the records, Eustache was born on 30 August 1637 and was the son of François Dauger, a guard in the service of Cardinal Richelieu. They also found out, that Eustache seems to have been involved in what became known as Affair of the Poisons. This "affair" lasted from 1675 to about 1680. Many noblemen were poisoned, or executed for witchcraft. Eustache fell into disgrace when it became known that he had participated in lavish parties that included black masses, and possibly homosexual sex. In the 1930s, it was revealed that the real Eustache Dauger died in the Prison Saint-Lazaire in Paris. In the 17th century, the prison was an asylum for mentally ill people, run by monks. Many noble families used it to get rid of the "black sheep" of the family. Records show that the man really named Dauger was kept in Saint-Lazaire in Paris at about the same time the false Dauger was kept in Pignerolo. According to Louis-Henri de Loménie de Brienne who was also imprisoned in Saint-Lazaire at the time, the real Eustache Dauger de Cavoye died as a result of heavy drinking in the late 1680s. Historians consider all this proof enough that he was not involved in any way with the man in the mask.

There are several theories, who this prisoner could have been. Some of the more likely ones are given below

Voltaire thought that this man was a twin brother of Louis XIV. According to Voltaire, this man had grown up in a different place than Louis XIV. He said that the man was imprisoned in 1661, a few months after the death of Jules Mazarin. Marcel Pagnol also has this hypothesis.

Another hypothesis is that the prisoner was a illegitimate child of the Queen, Anne of Austria. The father would either be Cardinal Mazarin, or George Villiers, 1. Duke of Buckingham or one of the musketeers. Cardinal Richelieu would have arranged this meeting. This theory is less likely, however, because the child would have had no right to the throne, and imprisoning him would therefore have been no use.

The prisoner might have been the father of Louis XIV. Richelieu would have had a liaison with queen Anne, and both Louis XIV and Louis XIII would have been there to prevent Gaston de Bourbon, duc d’Orléans from becoming king.

The autopsy of Louis XIII found that Louis XIII was unable to father children. Anyone knowing this would know about the origins of Louis XIV, and would be potentially dangerous to him. This theory is that the prisoner was in fact the doctor who had performed the autopsy.

Today, there is no convincing theory that could explain who this man really was. The last person to have known the identity of this prisoner was probably Michel Chamillart, one of the ministers of the government of Louis XIV. Chamillart died in 1723.

Those theories that see the prisoner as part of the family of Louis XIV neglect that there was a lot of social control back then. The birth of a child in the court of the king, or even among nobles was a public event. Several hundred people were present at the birth of Louis XIV. The "secret birth" of a twin brother of Louis is highly unlikely. The amount of social control made it almost impossible that Anne of Austria had an affair. Anne was pregnant several times, which means that her husband, Louis XIII was able to father children. Another fact that speaks against the theory that the prisoner was a relative of the king is that the prisoner had the post of a servant, at times. At the times of Louis XIV, people of noble birth would not become servants.

The theories that see the prisoner as a servant also have their weaknesses: Even though he was imprisoned, he had a comfortable life. A simple servant would have been killed, and no one would have cared about his comfort. Despite this, Louis XIV, the king himself took interest in the well-being of the prisoner.

There are several books and movies about this man. The best known of these are probably the story by Alexandre Dumas called "The Vicomte de Bragelonne" (which is the third volume of his work The Three Musketeers), the story The Twins, by Victor Hugo and The Iron Mask by Marcel Pagnol. Dumas also gives a summary of the theories about the prisoner, which were common at his time.

Marcus Belgrave

Marcus Belgrave (June 12, 1936 – May 24, 2015) was an American jazz trumpet player. He was born in Chester, Pennsylvania, but raised in Detroit, Michigan. He recorded with a variety of famous musicians, bandleaders, and record labels since the 1950s.

Belgrave died on May 24, 2015, in Ann Arbor, Michigan of heart failure, aged 78.

John M. Murphy

John Michael Murphy (August 3, 1926 – May 25, 2015) was an American politician. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New York serving from 1963 through 1981.

Murphy died the age of 88 on May 25, 2015, at a Staten Island hospital.

Les Johnson

Leslie Royston "Les" Johnson AM (2 November 1924 - 26 May 2015) was a former Australian politician and minister. He served as a member of the Australian Parliament representing Hughes serving from 1955 through 1966 and again from 1969 through 1983.

Johnson was made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) in June 1990.

Vicente Aranda

Vicente Aranda Ezquerra (; 9 November 1926 - 26 May 2015), was a Spanish movie director, screenwriter and producer. He was known for directing the 1990 movie "Amantes".

Aranda died at the age of 88 in Madrid.


Mallory Hagan

Mallory Hagan (born December 23, 1988) is an American beauty queen. She was crowned Miss America 2013. Since 1989, each contestant has to choose an issue she cares deeply about to promote. Hagan chose increasing awareness and prevention of child sexual abuse. Along with the crown she won a $50,000 college scholarship.

Hagen is originally from Opelika, Alabama. She came to New York from Alabama when she was 18 years old. She had been competing in beauty contests since age 13. Hagen entered the Miss New York contest in 2010 and 2011. She won in 2012. The last Miss America from New York was Vanessa Williams in 1984. Hagen is the first Miss America from Brooklyn.

With a concern for education, in her first 24 hours as Miss America, Hagan talked with United States Secretary of Education Arne Duncan.

Toghrol Tower

Toghrol Tower (also Toghrul, Tuğrul, or Tughrul Tower is a 12th-century tower in the city of Rey, Iran. The 20 meters tall brick tower is the tomb of Seljuk ruler Tuğrul Beg, who died in Rey in 1063. The tower is kept by Iran's Cultural Heritage Organization.


Cheshmeh-Ali (Shahr-e-Rey)

Cheshmeh-Ali (meaning:Ali's spring) is a natural and swimming spring in Rey, Iran. The spring is located south of Tehran. Cheshmeh-Ali is run from a big rock and flown to south-east. Cheshmeh-Ali dates back 8,000 years ago and is placed under Rey Castle. Inscription of Fath Ali Shah is between Rey Castle and Cheshmeh-Ali from top to down. 


Epstein–Barr virus

The Epstein–Barr virus (EBV), also called human herpesvirus 4 (HHV-4), is one of eight viruses in the herpes family. It is one of the most common viruses in humans.

EBV is best known as the cause of infectious mononucleosis (glandular fever). It is also associated with some forms of cancer, such as Hodgkin's lymphoma, and conditions associated with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). EBV may be associated with a higher risk of certain autoimmune diseases. Some 200,000 cancer cases per year may be caused by (or associated with) EBV. 

Infection with EBV occurs by the transfer by mouth (oral transfer) of saliva and genital secretions. 

Most people become infected with EBV and gain adaptive immunity. In the United States, about half of all five-year-old children and about 90 percent of adults have evidence of previous infection. Infants become susceptible to EBV as soon as maternal antibody protection disappears. Many children become infected with EBV, and these infections usually cause no symptoms or are just mild, brief illnesses of childhood. In the United States and other developed countries, many people are not infected with EBV in their childhood years. When infection with EBV occurs during adolescence, it causes glandular fever 35 to 50 percent of the time.

EBV infects B cells of the immune system and epithelial cells. Once EBV's initial infection is brought under control, non-active EBV stays in the person's B cells for the rest of their life.

Populism

Populism is a name for a kind of political movement. Populists usually try to make a difference between common people and "elites" (meaning usually, top classes of people) . Populists may think of wealthy people or well-educated people as belonging to the class of elites. Populists may also call those who have been working in government for a long time "establishment" and count them as elites too. A theme of populism is that the common people lack certain privileges that the elites have, or that commoners cannot do certain things the elites can do. The populists see themselves on the side of the common people. They want to help the common people get some of the rights and privileges of the elites.

Right-wing populists take some of the values of right-wing parties: 

Left-wing populists share some of the values of left-wing parties:
Left-wing populism is common in Central and South America.


Minesweeper

A minesweeper is a small naval warship designed to sweep the water clear of mines. Minesweepers keep waterways clear for shipping. They are quieter and less magnetic than other ships, so the mines won't explode when being swept.

In Great Britain, naval leaders knew before World War I that sea mines were a threat to the nation's shipping. The real threat was not invasion, but blockade aided by mines. Fishing nets pulled behind boats gave an idea on how to clear mines. The Royal Navy used fishermen and their fishing trawlers to keep the English Channel clear of mines. They were supplied with mine gear, rifles, uniforms and pay as the first minesweepers. 

The dedicated, purpose-built minesweeper first appeared during World War I. By the end of the war, naval mine technology had grown beyond the ability of minesweepers to detect and remove.

Minesweeping made big advances during World War 2. Fighting nations quickly adapted ships to the task of minesweeping. Both Allied and Axis countries made heavy use of minesweepers throughout the war. Underwater mines remained a problem even after the war ended, and minesweepers were still in use after Japan surrendered to the United States.

After World War 2, allied countries worked on new types of minesweepers. The United States Navy used special landing craft (shallow-water boats) to clear shallow harbors in and around North Korea. , the U.S. Navy had four minesweepers in the Persian Gulf.

Asian Championship

An Asian Championship is a top level international sports competition between Asian athletes or sports teams representing their respective countries or professional sports clubs. 


Ben Bishop

Benjamin Bishop III (born November 21, 1986) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender. He played for almost 13 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the St. Louis Blues, Ottawa Senators, Tampa Bay Lightning, Los Angeles Kings, and Dallas Stars. He was nicknamed "Big Ben" because of his height at 6' 7".

Before playing in the NHL, Bishop played parts of 1 season with the Texas Tornado of the North American Hockey League (NAHL) and 3 years of college hockey with the University of Maine Black Bears. With the Tornado, Bishop led them to their second National Championship and Gold Cup and he was named to the first team of the NAHL All-Rookie Team. With the Black Bears, Bishop was named the Rookie of the Month in the months of October 2005 and February 2006. He was also named the Goaltender of the Month by the NCAA's Hockey East conference. He led Maine to the Frozen Four twice. In 2006, they lost in the semi-finals to the University of Wisconsin–Madison and in 2007, they lost to Michigan State University in the semi-finals.

He was drafted 85th overall by the St. Louis Blues in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. On March 11, 2008, Bishop signed a two-year entry-level contract with the Bruins. He began playing for their AHL-affiliate, the Peoria Rivermen.

The Blues called Bishop up on October 19, 2008. On October 24, 2008, Bishop played in his first NHL game, coming off the bench to replace an injured Manny Legace to start the second period. He gave up two goals in a 4–0 loss to the Los Angeles Kings. On February 25, 2011, Bishop recorded his first NHL shutout, stopping 39 shots in a 5–0 win against the Edmonton Oilers.

On February 26, 2012, the Blues traded Bishop to the Ottawa Senators in exchange for a second-round draft pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. On March 6, 2012, Bishop made his Senators debut in a 7–3 win over the Tampa Bay Lightning. During the 2012–13 NHL lockout, Bishop played for the Senators AHL-affiliate, the Binghamton Senators. He was called back up to serve as Craig Anderson's backup after the lockout was over.

On April 3, 2013, the Senators traded Bishop to the Tampa Bay Lightning in exchange for Cory Conacher and a fourth-round draft pick. Bishop signed a two-year, $4.6 million extension with the Lightning on April 15.

On January 19, 2014, Bishop set both a career high and a Tampa Bay franchise record after he made 48 saves in a 7–3 victory over the Carolina Hurricanes.

The Lightning named Bishop the starting goaltender over Anders Lindbäck for the 2013–14 NHL season. Over the season, Bishop recorded a record of 37–14–7 over the 63 games played that season. He recorded a .924 save percentage, a 2.23 goals against average, was ranked fourth in games played, as well as seventh in save percentage and goals against. He posted five shutouts, the second-most in Lightning history, and he set single season records for wins, save percentage and GAA. He recorded the second-most saves in Lightning history, with 1,625. He was nominated for Vezina Trophy and finished third in voting. On April 4, 2015, Bishop recorded his 38th win of the season in a 4–0 shutout win against the Florida Panthers. This beat the Tampa Bay franchise record he set the previous season and was a new personal best.

On April 18, 2015, Bishop made his Stanley Cup Playoffs debut. He earned his recorded his first career playoff win with a 5–1 win over the Detroit Red Wings.

On December 14, 2021, Bishop announced his retirement after dealing with a knee injury for two years. 


Primitive root modulo n

In modular arithmetic, a number g is a primitive root modulo n, if every number m from 1..(n-1) can be expressed in the form of formula_1. As an example, 3 is a primitive root modulo 7:
All the elements formula_8 of the group modulo 7 can be expressed that way. The number 2 is no primitive root modulo 7, because 
and

Alice and Bob

Alice and Bob are placeholder names which are commonly used to talk about problems. It is used in cryptography, game theory and physics. Instead of “A sends B a message” people say “Alice sends Bob a message”. Ron Rivest seems to have used these names first, in publications about the RSA algorithm. This was 1977 and 1978.

The most used names are Alice and Bob. Eve, Mallory, and Trent are used often too, and they have pretty well-defined uses.

Priestly Fraternity of St. Peter

The Priestly Fraternity of St. Peter (Latin: "Fraternitas Sacerdotalis Sancti Petri"; for short: "F.S.S.P.") is a group of Catholic priests and seminarians who want to say the Mass and other sacraments the way they were said before the Second Vatican Council.

According to the laws of the Catholic Church, the F.S.S.P. is a "Clerical Society of Apostolic Life of Pontifical Right". This means that members have to follow the same rules as diocesan clergy and also swear an oath as members of the Society. The Fraternity was established by the Pope, and local bishops are not allowed to tell the Fraternity what to do. Instead, the Pope is in charge of them, through an organization called "Ecclesia Dei". A local bishop is still in charge of the Fraternity's work within his own diocese.

The members of the F.S.S.P. are priests and seminarians who want to express their faith in a specific way. This way is to offer the Mass and other sacraments using the Roman Rite, the way it was before it was changed after the Second Vatican Council. Because of this, the Fraternity uses books of worship from the year 1964, including the Roman Missal, the Roman Breviary, the Pontifical ("Pontificale Romanum"), and the Roman Ritual.

The Fraternity has two purposes: make their priests become holy people, and to send these priests to parishes. They celebrate the sacraments, teach people about Catholicism, give retreats, organize pilgrimages, and provide a full sacramental and cultural life for Catholics who also want to use the liturgy of the 1962 missal. The Fraternity has built its own seminaries to train their own priests to do these things.

The F.S.S.P started with members of the traditional Catholic group, the Society of St. Pius X (S.S.P.X.). In 1988, Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre wanted to make four priests from the S.S.P.X. into bishops. Pope John Paul II did not let him do it, but he did it anyway. The Pope and the Congregation of Bishops said that this was a schismatic act, which meant that the S.S.P.X. was not part of the Catholic Church any more. Twelve priests and several seminarians, led by Father Josef Bisig, did not agree with the decision of Archbishop Lefebvre, and started the F.S.S.P as their own group on July 18, 1988. Father Josef Bisig became the Fraternity's first superior general.

In 2011, the Fraternity had 392 people in it: 228 priests, 10 deacons, and 154 seminarians in 117 dioceses around the world. There are people in the Fraternity from 35 countries. There is also a group of lay members called the Confraternity of Saint Peter with 3,487 people in it.

The person in charge of the F.S.S.P. is called the superior general. The Very Reverend Andrzej Komorowski is the superior general right now. He is helped by the Vicar General and Assistant, the Very Reverend Patrick du Faÿ.

The Fraternity has people all over the world, so people in different parts of the world are split into three districts and two regions:

The Fraternity has two seminaries:
It also runs Ezekiel House, a house for seminarians who have studied for less than one year, in Sydney, Australia.


Twelve Penny Black

Twelve Penny Black is a rare Canada stamp. It was issued in 1851. The 12-pence stamp showed the portrait of Queen Victoria.

In 1851, the Province of Canada issued the stamps of Queen Victoria. For the stamp image, the Queen's portrait by Alfred Edward Chalon (1780–1860) was used. This design is called the "Chalon head". The stamps were printed in New York.

In fine and unused condition, these stamps are very priced. In February 2006, a Twelve Penny Black was sold £116,000.



K.A.A. Gent

Koninklijke Atletiek Associatie Gent, also referred to as just AA Gent is a football club from Ghent, Belgium. It was founded in 1900 and is one of the top clubs in Belgium. Its home ground is the Ghelamco Arena, which has a capacity of 20,000.

Maurice Hayes

Maurice Hayes (8 July 1927 – 23 December 2017) was an Irish politician. He was an independent member of the 21st and 22nd Seanads, nominated as a senator by the Taoiseach. 

Hayes was born in County Down in Northern Ireland. He died at a hospital in Belfast on 23 December 2017 from frontotemporal dementia at the age of 90.

Kenneth Bloomfield

Sir Kenneth Percy Bloomfield (born 15 April 1931) is an Irish politician. He was the former head of the Northern Ireland Civil Service.

He was later a member of the Independent Commission for the Location of Victims' Remains and for a time Northern Ireland Victims Commissioner. In addition to this, he has held a variety of public sector posts in Northern Ireland and elsewhere.

Bloomfield was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland.


Mary Ellen Mark

Mary Ellen Mark (March 20, 1940 – May 25, 2015) was an American photographer. She was known for her photojournalism, portraiture, and advertising photography. 

She photographed people who were "away from mainstream society and toward its more interesting, often troubled fringes".

Mark died of myelodysplastic syndrome in Manhattan, on May 25, 2015, aged 75.


Erik Carlsson

Erik Carlsson, aka ""Carlsson på taket"" ("Carlsson on the roof"), (5 March 1929 – 27 May 2015) was a Swedish rally driver for Saab.

Carlsson was born in Trollhättan. Erik Carlsson married Pat Moss on 3 March 1963 in London. Carlsson died on 27 May 2015, aged 86.

John Gardner (British writer)

John Edmund Gardner (20 November 1926 – 3 August 2007) was an English spy and thriller novelist. He was best known for his James Bond novels, but also for his series of Boysie Oakes books and three continuation novels containing Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's fictional villain, Professor Moriarty.

Gardner went on to write over fifty works of fiction, including fourteen original James Bond novels, and the novel versions of two Bond movie. He died from suspected heart failure on 3 August 2007.


John Gardner (American writer)

John Champlin Gardner Jr. (July 21, 1933 – September 14, 1982) was an American novelist, essayist, literary critic and university professor. He was known for his novel "Grendel", a retelling of the Beowulf myth from the monster's point of view.

Gardner was killed in a motorcycle accident in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, aged 49.







John Gardner

John Gardner may refer to:



John L. Gardner

John Lane Gardner (1793–1869) served in the U.S. Army eventually achieving the rank of brevet Brigadier General after serving in the American Civil War having also served in the War of 1812, the Seminole War and the Mexican–American War before that.


John W. Gardner

John William Gardner, (October 8, 1912 – February 16, 2002) was an American politician. He served as the Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare under President Lyndon Johnson. He was the founder of Common Cause.


Dayton Waller

Dayton Hollis Waller, Jr. (April 2, 1925 – May 26, 2015) was an American farmer and businessman from Shreveport, Louisiana. He was a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives. He served a single term with six other at-large members from 1968 until 1972.

Rocky Frisco

Don Roscoe "Rocky" Joseph III (July 26, 1937 - May 26, 2015), professionally known as Rocky Frisco and Rocky Curtiss, was an American musician. He was best known as the longtime pianist for JJ Cale, and for his role in the development of the music style known as the Tulsa Sound.

Aminah Robinson

Aminah Brenda Lynn Robinson (February 18, 1940 – May 22, 2015) was an American artist. Robinson received her formal art training at the Columbus Art School (now the Columbus College of Art and Design). She was known for creating sculptures in Columbus neighborhoods. 

Robinson died on May 22, 2015 from heart failure, aged 75.

Tanith Lee

Tanith Lee (19 September 1947 – 24 May 2015) was a British writer of science fiction, horror, and fantasy. She was the author of over 90 novels and 300 short stories, a children's picture book ("Animal Castle"), and many poems. 

She also wrote two episodes of the BBC science fiction series "Blake's 7". She was the first woman to win the British Fantasy Award best novel award (also known as the August Derleth Award), for her book "Death's Master" (1980).

Lee died peacefully in her sleep after a long illness on 24 May 2015.


Odo Marquard

Odo Marquard (26 February 1928 - 9 May 2015) was a German philosopher.

Marquard was born in Stolp, Farther Pomerania. In 1984 he was awarded the Sigmund Freud Prize by the Deutsche Akademie für Sprache und Dichtung. Marquard died at the age of 87.

General Motors C/K Trucks

The C/K was Chevrolet and GMC's full-size pickup truck. The series was produced from 1960 until 1999 in the United States. In Canada it was produced from 1965 to 1999. South American trucks were made from 1964 through 2001 in Brazil and from 1975 to 1982 in Chile. 

The first Chevrolet pickup truck appeared in 1918. The buyer provided the all-wood cab or got it after an aftermarket supplier added it to the chassis. The same was true for the steel cargo bed. "C" indicated two-wheel drive and "K" indicated four-wheel drive. The aging C/K light-duty pickup truck was replaced with the Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra names in 1999 in the US and Canada. In 2001 in Brazil they were called the Chevrolet Silverado HD and GMC Sierra HD heavy-duty pickup trucks. Until this time the names Silverado and Sierra were used to identify the trim level of the C/K trucks.

Australopithecus deyiremeda

Australopithecus deyiremeda is an extinct hominin which lived about 3.4 million years ago in northern Ethiopia. This was around the same time and place as several previously discovered specimens of "Australopithecus afarensis" were found. They include the well known Lucy.

The discovery was in the Afar Region of Ethiopia about (520 kilometers) northeast of the capital Addis Ababa and north of Hadar, Ethiopia (“Lucy’s” site). 

Teeth in the fossil jaw suggest that the species had a different diet from "A. afarensis".

Yohannes Haile-Selassie, the curator of physical anthropology at the Cleveland Museum of Natural History has said that "The Woranso-Mille study area has thus far yielded more than 120 early hominin fossil specimens dated to between 3.4 and 3.8 million years ago".

Haile-Selassie told the BBC: "We had to look at the detailed anatomy and morphology of the teeth and the upper and lower jaws, and we found major differences. This new species has very robust jaws. In addition, we see this new species had smaller teeth. The canine is really small – smaller than all known hominins we have found in the past". 

This was perhaps one of four different species of early humans that were all alive at the same time.

Cactus Flower

Cactus Flower is a 1969 American comedy movie. Ingrid Bergman plays Stephanie Dickinson. Goldie Hawn plays Toni Simmons. Walter Matthau plays Julian Winston. 

The movie received an Oscar for Goldie Hawn for her performance. It also won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress. It was liked both by the general public and critics.


1001 Nights (TV series)

1001 Nights is a Canadian animated television series developed and produced at Big Bad Boo Studios, based on stories from "One Thousand and One Nights." This is the first time the books of "One Thousand and One Nights" were made into an animated TV series for children.

John Elders

John Elders (18 December 1930 – 3 May 2015) was an English rugby union player. He played with Leicester Tigers between 1953 and 1958, scoring the third most tries in the 1950s for the club with a total of 38. He also captained the club for a number of seasons. From 1972 until 1974, he coached England national rugby union team.

Elders was born in Middlesbrough. In 1981, he moved to Australia but moved back to England in 1981.

Elders died after a long illness on 3 May 2015, aged 84.

Ramelteon

Ramelteon is a medication that can help people sleep. It is used for patients that have trouble falling asleep.

Bharat Raj Upreti

Bharat Raj Upreti (; 8 July 1950 – 24 May 2015) was a Nepalese judge. He was a justice of the Supreme Court of Nepal from 22 January 2009 until his resignation in 2013.

Upreti was born in Sindhupalchowk to a Hindu family. He studied at universities in Nepal and India.
Upreti died on 24 May 2015 in Gyaneshwor, Kathmandu, aged 64. He committed suicide by hanging.

Vézère Valley

The Vézère Valley is known for its prehistoric cave systems, containing numerous cave paintings and hominid remains. They are found in the valley of the Vézère river between the "communes" of Les Eyzies-de-Tayac-Sireuil and Montignac in the Dordogne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

UNESCO designated the systems as a World Heritage Site in 1979. Among the archaeological sites with remarkable caves is Lascaux.

UNESCO description is:



Little Big Man

Little Big Man is a 1970 Western-comedy movie. It is about Native Americans and American pioneers in the 19th century. Also in 19th century, a white male child is raised by the Cheyenne people. Dustin Hoffman plays Jack Crabb. Faye Dunaway plays Louise Pendrake.

The movie got very positive reviews from critics. Roger Ebert gave the movie four stars. It was rated PG-13 by the MPAA.


Cat Chaser

Cat Chaser is a 1989 thriller movie. The movie is about a former American paratrooper who runs a beachfront hotel in Miami. He searches for a woman who saved his life in 1965. Kelly McGillis plays Mary. Charles Durning plays Jiggs.


"Cat Chaser" got mixed reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes rates the movie 40%. "Variety" said: "Despite a fine cast and atmospheric direction by Abel Ferrara, the pic doesn't quite make the grade, though it is certainly worth a look." 

Chances Are

Chances Are is a 1989 American romantic comedy fantasy movie. This movie is about happenings in 1964 and 1987. It is also about reincarnation. Cybill Shepherd plays Corinne Jeffries. Mary Stuart Masterson plays Miranda Jeffries.


Several scenes were filmed in Georgetown, along the mall and other parts of Washington, D.C..

"Chances Are" received positive reviews from movie critics. Rotten Tomatoes gives the movie a 64% rating. The movie got back over $16 million.


Cyborg (movie)

Cyborg is a 1989 martial arts and science fiction movie. The movie is about post-apocalyptic times.


Cannon Films had planned to make a sequel to the 1987 He-Man movie "Masters of the Universe" and a live action version of 'Spider Man'. Both projects were planned to shoot at the same time by Albert Pyun. Cannon, however, was in financial trouble. They had to cancel deals with both Mattel and Marvel Entertainment. Cannon had already spent $2 million on costumes and sets for both movies. They decided to write a new project to recoup the money spent on them. Then Pyun wrote the storyline for "Cyborg" in one weekend. The movie was shot for less than $500,000 and filmed in 23 days. It was shot entirely in Wilmington, North Carolina.

Jackson "Rock" Pinckney, who played one of Fender's pirates, lost his eye during filming when Jean-Claude Van Damme struck his eye with a prop knife. Pinckney sued Van Damme in a North Carolina court and was awarded $485,000.

Violent scenes were removed from the movie to achieve an R rating rather than an X rating. That included a throat slitting and some blood and gore in the village massacre. Also removed was the death of a man Van Damme was fighting.

The movie got negative reviews from movie critics. However, the movie was successful in the box office. It got back over $10 million total.


Sneakers (movie)

Sneakers is a 1992 American crime fiction comedy movie. It stars Robert Redford, Dan Aykroyd, Ben Kingsley, Mary McDonnell, River Phoenix, Sidney Poitier, and David Strathairn. This was the second time Phoenix and Poitier starred together in a movie. The first was "Little Nikita" in 1988.

In 1969, students Martin Brice and Cosmo are hacking into computer networks. They are called "sneakers". They are at college. They are switching money illegally. The police burst in and arrest Cosmo while Martin is out getting pizza. Martin runs away and is a fugitive.

After a number of years, Martin, now called Martin Bishop, is heading a group of security specialists in San Francisco. They are: Donald Crease, a former CIA officer and family man; Darren "Mother" Roskow, who believes in conspiracy theory; Carl Arbogast, a young genius; and Irwin "Whistler" Emery, a blind phone expert.

The National Security Agency knows who Martin really is. They offer to clean his record, but he has to steal a "black box" from a mathematician, Dr. Gunter Janek. Janek made the box for the Russian government. Martin agrees to help. With help from his former girlfriend, Liz, Martin and his team get the box, which is disguised as an answering machine. Whistler, Mother, and Carl discover that the box can break the encryption code of nearly every computer system. Martin says no one can leave the building until they can deliver the box the next day.

Martin gives the box to the NSA officers, but quickly leaves after Crease discovers that Janek was killed the night before. He finds out from a friend named Gregor in the Russian consulate, that the officers were not real agents, and that Janek was working for the NSA.

Fake FBI agents kill Gregor and kidnap Martin. While kidnapped, he again meets Cosmo, who Martin thought had died in prison. While in prison, Cosmo got involved with organized crime, who helped him escape and get wealthy. He wants to use Janek's box to ruin the world economy. He asks Martin to join him. Martin says no, and so Cosmo uses the box to break into the FBI's files to add "Martin Brice" as a known alias to Martin's record. Martin is knocked out and taken back to the city.

Martin calls his team for help. NSA agent Abbott, who wants the box, says Martin has to get it before he can help. By trickery, the team breaks into the building to recover the box. But Cosmo has been tipped off about a possible break-in. Cosmo locks down the building and holds Martin at gunpoint. Again he asks Martin to join him, but Martin refuses and the team escapes.

Back at their offices, Martin's team is met by NSA agents ready to arrest the group. But Martin convinces the NSA how important the secrecy of the box is to their agency. Abbott agrees to clear Martin's record and grant the requests of the rest of his team. After Abbott and the agents leave with the box, Martin shows his team he has ruined it by taking out the main processor.


Lasker and Parkes got the idea for "Sneakers" in 1981, while working on "WarGames". Once Robert Redford agreed to be in the movie, people who wanted to work with him then joined the cast and crew. This included the director, Robinson, who had little interest in the movie before.

"I can't remember having so much fun on a movie," Tobolowsky said in a 2012 anniversary article for the website for "Slate". He first laughed at the script just because of its title. After his agent talked him into reading it, he changed his mind. He then said to his agent, "Now I know what a hundred million dollars at the box office reads like." The rest of the cast and crew also liked working on the movie. Near the end of the shoot Robinson said the only way it could have been better would have been if the lab lost the film, so they would have had to do it all over again.

The movie got mixed reviews when it was released. Writing for the "Los Angeles Times", Kenneth Turan said "Sneakers" is "[a] caper movie with a most pleasant sense of humor," a "twisting plot," and a "witty, hang-loose tone." He also praised the director, who is "surprisingly adept at creating tension at appropriate moments" and "makes good use of the script's air of clever cheerfulness".

Roger Ebert gave the movie two-and-a-half stars out of four, saying it is "a sometimes entertaining movie, but thin."

Vincent Canby, in a negative review for "The New York Times", said the movie looked like it had "just surfaced after being buried alive for 20 years". He said that Redford and Poitier looked and acted too old. He said the plot was "feeble," and that the movie was "jokey without being funny, breathless without creating suspense". He calls the ensemble an "all star gang," but says the "performances are generally quite bad." It currently holds an 81% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 47 reviews with an average rating of 6.8/10.

The movie was a box office success, making over $105.2 million worldwide.


Cyborg

A cyborg (short for "cybernetic organism") is a theoretical or fictional being with both organic and manufactured parts. 

The term was coined in 1960. D.S. Halacy's "Cyborg: evolution of the superman" in 1965 spoke of a "new frontier" that was "not merely space, but more profoundly the relationship between 'inner space' to 'outer space' – a bridge...between mind and matter".

The term cyborg is not the same thing as bionic. It is often applied to an organism that has restored or enhanced abilities, done by some artificial part, by or technology that relies on some sort of feedback. 

While cyborgs are commonly thought of as mammals, they might also conceivably be any kind of organism and the term "cybernetic organism" has been applied loosely to all sorts of things. The term can also apply to micro-organisms which are modified to perform at higher levels than their unmodified counterparts. It is thought that cyborg technology may form a part of humanity's future.

Consenting Adults (movie)

Consenting Adults is a 1992 American mystery crime-thriller movie. This movie is about a composer and his wife living an ordinary suburban life until some new neighbors come along.

Composer Richard Parker and his wife Priscilla live an ordinary suburban life. That is, until they meet their new neighbors, Eddy and Kay Otis. The two couples become friends. Kay's talent for blues singing gets the attention of Richard. Eddy is attracted to Priscilla. However, it becomes clear that Eddy is a scam artist who fakes a neck injury after an auto accident.

The plot takes a nasty turn when Richard sleeps with Kay. Kay turns up bludgeoned to death with a baseball bat the following morning. It is then revealed that Eddy spent the night elsewhere, to establish an airtight alibi. Richard's fingerprints are on the bat. His semen is found in her body. He is then charged with the crime. Making matters worse, Priscilla disowns and divorces Richard due to his infidelity. Eddy soon becomes Priscilla's lover and a substitute father to Richard's child.

Richard finds a ray of hope when he discovers that Kay is alive. Eddy, expecting what Richard intends to do next, murders Kay and slips away.

Priscilla discovers a forgotten plane ticket that Eddy used on the night of the second murder. She realizes Eddy's guilt and worries over what to do about it. Richard raids Eddy's house. Eddy, however, expects this move as well. Priscilla and Richard eventually kill Eddy with the baseball bat.

"Consenting Adults" received negative reviews from movie critics. Rotten Tomatoes gives the movie 27% overall.


Carlito's Way

Carlito's Way is a 1993 crime drama movie set in New York City in 1975. It was directed by Brian De Palma and produced by Martin Bregman. The movie is about Carlito Brigante. He is released from prison and wants to go straight. However, he cannot escape from his past, and gets dragged back into criminal activity. Al Pacino plays Carlito. Penelope Ann Miller plays Carlito's girlfriend Gail. Sean Penn plays Carlito's lawyer Dave Kleinfeld.


This movie was released on November 3, 1993. It got mixed to positive reviews from critics. Its box office intake was over $63 million. The movie was criticized for re-treading old ground, mainly Brian De Palma's earlier works, such as "Scarface" and "The Untouchables". On the "Siskel and Ebert" show, Ebert gave the movie a thumbs up. Siskel gave the movie a thumbs down. Ebert stated in his review the movie was one of De Palma's finest. The movie has a Fresh 79% rating from Rotten Tomatoes.


Tzatziki

Tzatziki or cacık is a yoghurt dip or meze also served widely in the Mediterranean and Middle East. It is basically made from yogurt with chopped-up cucumber or other vegetables. It is excellent to go with the spiced meat dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine.

A common recipe is strained yogurt (usually from sheep or goat milk) mixed with cucumbers, garlic, salt, olive oil, sometimes lemon juice, and dill, mint, or parsley. Tzatziki is almost always served cold.

American occupation zone

The American Zone of Occupation was the southern part of Allied Occupied Germany after the defeat of Nazi Germany in World War II in 1945.

Germany was occupied by the Soviets, the French, the Americans, and the British. Each had an occupation zone. The American Zone of Occupation's first military governor was Dwight Eisenhower, later the President of the United States of America. It remained as an occupied territory from 1945 until 1949. During the aftermath of Germany’s defeat there was some sabotage and murder by the Nazi Operation Werwolf.


Kate Quilton

Kate Quilton is a television presenter best known for her work on food shows like "Food Unwrapped".

Quilton began working in television while still a student. She had jobs with ITV and the BBC. She made programmes for Channel 4 from 2010 until 2014 including the short lived documentary series "Seven Days". She resigned from Channel 4 in 2014 to work full time on "Food Unwrapped". In 2014 Quilton appeared with "Food Unwrapped" co-presenter Jimmy Doherty in "The World's Best Diet", a one-off show.

Grumpy Old Men (movie)

Grumpy Old Men is a 1993 romantic comedy movie. It is about two old men who lead boring, ordinary lives in Wabasha, Minnesota. This was the sixth movie starring both Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau. It was also their first movie together since 1981's "Buddy Buddy". Lemon and Matthau are one of the screen's great comedy teams.

It was followed by a sequel, "Grumpier Old Men".

Lemon and Matthau play neighbors who have been feuding since their childhood. The rivalry started over a high school sweetheart. The two lead similar boring and lonely single lives. They both love the Minnesota winter pastime of ice fishing. They also love competing, arguing, insulting, and pulling cruel practical jokes on each other whenever possible. Then an eccentric artist moves into the neighborhood. She is played by Ann-Margaret. Both men try to capture her attention.


"Grumpy Old Men" was one of the biggest surprise hits of the year at the time of its release. The movie opened on December 25, 1993. It had a weekend gross of $3,874,911. However, its numbers gradually became stronger. It earned a domestic total of $70 million. It got mixed to positive reviews from critics. Roger Ebert said "Matthau and Lemmon are fun to see together." The movie is rated PG-13 for adult themes.


Grumpier Old Men

Grumpier Old Men is a 1995 romance-comedy movie. The movie is about a feud between two old men that has cooled. The movie is the sequel to "Grumpy Old Men".


This movie was released on December 22, 1995. It got negative reviews from critics. Roger Ebert gave the movie two out of four stars. Kevin Thomas from "Los Angeles Times" said the movie was contrived and getting by on the star power of its cast It took in $71 million at the box office, more than its predecessor, "Grumpy Old Men". Grumpier Old Men won the 1996 People's Choice Award for "Favorite Comedy Motion Picture". Like the first movie, "Grumpier Old Men" was rated PG-13.


Armagnac (brandy)

Armagnac (; ) is a kind of brandy produced in the Armagnac region of France. The region lies between the Adour and Garonne rivers in the foothills of the Pyrenees. The area contains of grape-producing vines. It was given an AOC in 1936.

Column stills rather than pot stills are used in the production of Armagnac. It is then aged in oak barrels. Armagnac is the oldest brandy distilled in France. In the past was consumed for its therapeutic benefits. In the 14th century, Prior Vital Du Four, a Cardinal, claimed it had 40 virtues:

Two-wheel drive

Two-wheel drive (2WD) describes vehicles in which, in theory, two wheels receive power from the engine at the same time. Usually the two wheels are on the same axle in the drivetrain. Most vehicles with two-wheel drive are mainly for use on roads and highways. Two-wheel drive cars and trucks are either front- (FWD) or Rear-wheel drive (RWD). This means either the front or the rear axle is the "drive axle" that moves the vehicle forward. When the vehicle begins to accelerate, some of the weight of the vehicle is shifted to the rear giving a rear-wheel drive car or better balance and traction. Two-wheel drive systems are simple and rugged. This is why rear-wheel drive is so popular in police cars and other service vehicles.

Traditional two-wheel drive systems have a differential in the rear axle. This is used for turning the vehicle. If both drive wheels rotated at exactly the same rate, the vehicle would have difficulty going around a corner. In a turn, the outside wheel has to go faster to keep up with the inside wheel (which turns slower). A differential allows one wheel to turn faster under these conditions. This means only one of the two wheels actually has power at any given time. A differential also prevents excessive tire wear. 

Of the two drive types, RWD has more disadvantages. In wet or slippery conditions, having effectively only one drive wheel, the tires are going to slip and lose traction. A FWD (not to be confused with 4WD) vehicle will have better traction, but in snow and icy conditions will not equal a four-wheel drive car or truck.

<br>

Inuinnaqtun

Inuinnaqtun is an Inuit language spoken in northern Canada. It is one of the official languages of Nunavut and the Northwest Territories. These are two of the three territories in Canada. 

Inuinnaqtun is closely related to Inuktitut, but Inuinnaqtun is only written in Latin script (unlike Inuktitut). The number of native speakers is 410.

Cabin (truck)

The cabin or cab of a truck is the inside space in a truck where the driver is seated. Modern long-haul (long distance) trucks cabs usually feature air conditioning, a good sound system, and seats (often air-suspended). Pickup truck cabs have options that can make them as comfortable to drive as a car (coachwork types: coupe, convertible, fastback, hatchback, SUV, limousine, sedan car, station wagon, minivan, and van).

There are usually three types of cabs in pickup trucks:

There are a few possible cab configurations:

1989 (Taylor Swift album)

1989 is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The album was released on October 27, 2014 in the United States. The album debuted at number one in many countries around the world. "1989" was noted to be Swift's first "pop-sounding" album. The album was named after the year Swift was born and contains elements of music from that year.

As of January 2016, six singles have been released. The first four were "Shake It Off", "Blank Space", "Style", and "Bad Blood". The first, second, and fourth singles all reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, while the third single reached number six. The fourth single, "Bad Blood", was also released as a remix featuring American rapper Kendrick Lamar. 

The fifth single, "Wildest Dreams", reached number five on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and, like the previous singles from the album, topped "Billboard"'s Mainstream Top 40 (Pop Songs) airplay chart. The music video for the sixth single, "Out of the Woods", premiered on New Year's Eve 2015 on the annual new-year countdown show, "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest", which was shown on ABC in the United States. This song has so far reached the top twenty on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The last single is "New Romantics", a song from the deluxe edition of "1989". The song was released on February 23, 2016.

The album generally received positive reviews from music critics, and it sold over 1.2 million copies in the United States in its first week. This is the largest first-week sales of any album since 2002. This record was beaten by English singer-songwriter Adele with her 2015 album, "25", which sold over 3 million copies in its first week in November 2015.

Style (Taylor Swift song)

"Style" is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It is the third track from her fifth studio album, "1989". It was released as the third single from the album on February 9, 2015. It reached number six on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. It topped the Mainstream Top 40/Pop Songs chart in the United States. The song contains elements of disco, funk-pop, and pop rock.

Anne Braden

Anne Braden (July 28, 1924 – March 6, 2006) was an American civil rights activist and newspaper journalist. She worked for newspapers in Louisville, Kentucky, Anniston, Alabama and Birmingham, Alabama. She also worked for the civil rights movement.

In 1948, she married Carl Braden. He was a journalist too. They were interested in Henry Wallace's campaign to be President of the United States. Not long after Wallace lost, they left mainstream journalism. After World War II, the labor movement grew less aggressive. It began to break apart into smaller groups. At the same time, civil rights causes heated up.

In the 1940s, some hospitals were racially segregated. Black people were not treated in the same area as white people. In 1950, Anne Braden led a hospital racial integration drive in Kentucky. She wanted to show that such racial segregation was a bad idea. In 1951 she led a group of southern white women organized by the Civil Rights Congress to Mississippi. During that march, she was arrested. They were protesting against the execution of Willie McGee, an African American. He had been convicted of the rape of a white woman, Willette Hawkins.

Anne Braden is probably best known for something that happened in 1954. The Wade family asked the Bradens for help. Andrew Wade was an African American who wanted to buy a house in white suburban Louisville, Kentucky. Because of Jim Crow housing practices, the Wades had been unsuccessful for months to buy a home on their own. The Bradens agreed to buy the house and resell it to the Wades. On May 15, 1954, Andrew Wade and his wife Charlotte spent their first night in their new home. When white neighbors discovered that black people had moved in, they burned a cross in front of the house. They shot out windows. A few days later, a stone was thrown through a window. The milkman would not deliver milk. Someone cancelled their newspaper subscription. White friends began staying in the house to guard against further violence. After a few weeks, the incidents quieted down. However, just after midnight on June 27, 1954 a bomb went off in the house. It was under the room the Wade's two-year-old daughter slept in. Nobody was home at the time.

The Bradens and five other whites were charged with sedition. They were accused of trying to start a race war. They were also accused of blowing up the house themselves to try to overthrow the government of Kentucky. This happened during the time of McCarthyism. Anyone could be accused of being a communist and many were. Carl Braden was said to be a communist troublemaker. He spent eight months in prison. The Supreme Court ruled a year later in a Pennsylvania case. It said sedition was a federal crime, not a state crime. Carl Braden's state conviction was cancelled. The charges were dropped against the other defendants. The Wades moved back to Louisville.

Anne Braden was born in Louisville, Kentucky. She died there at age 81.

Burhan Muhammad

Burhan Muhammad (3 August 1957 – 19 May 2015) was an Indonesian diplomat. From 14 November 2012 until his death, he was the Ambassador to Pakistan. He was born in Yogyakarta.

Muhammad was badly burned and injured in a helicopter crash in Naltar, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan on 8 May 2015. He later died at a hospital in Singapore, aged 57.

Lawrence Oates

Lawrence Edward Grace "Titus" Oates or Captain Lawrence Oates (March 17, 1880 March 17, 1912) was a British cavalry officer and an Antarctic explorer. He died during the Terra Nova Expedition of 1910–13. Oates, who had gangrene and frostbite, walked from his tent into a blizzard. His death is seen as an act of sacrifice. When he knew that his sickness risked the survival of his three crew mates, he chose certain death.

Oates was born in Putney, London, England in 1880. His parents were William and Caroline Oates. His family was rich. They had owned land at Gestingthorpe, Essex, for hundreds of years. His father moved the family there when his children were small. He had an older sister, named Lillian, who married an Irish singer and actor. His uncle was a naturalist and African explorer. Oates studied at Eton College, but he left after less than two years because of poor health. He then attended an army school in Eastbourne.

In 1910, he joined Robert Falcon Scott's expedition to the South Pole. He was chosen because he had worked with horses. He took care of the nineteen ponies that pulled the sleds carrying food for the trip. Scott then picked Oates for the five-man team to travel the last distance to the Pole.

Captain Scott, Captain Oates and 14 others left base camp on November 1,1911. During the trip, some members of the crew were sent back by Scott in teams. On January 4, 1912, only the five-man team with Scott and Oates, were left to walk the last to the Pole.

On January 18, 1912, they reached the Pole. They found that Norwegian explorer, Roald Amundsen and his team, had beaten them to be first to the Pole. Inside the tent was a note from Amundsen saying that he had reached the South Pole on December 14, 1911.

On the way back, Scott's team had many problems: very bad weather, poor food supply, injuries from falls, scurvy and frostbite. On February 17, 1912, Edgar Evans died from a head wound after falling into a deep crack in the ice a few days earlier.

Oates' feet were badly frostbitten. He was getting weak faster than the others. In his diary, Scott wrote on March 5: "Oates' feet are in a wretched condition... The poor soldier is very nearly done." The others did not want to leave him behind. This caused the team to be late getting back. They were running out of food and fuel. On March 15, Oates told his friends that he could not go on. He asked them to just leave him in his sleeping bag, but they said no. He travelled a few more miles that day but got worse that night.

When he woke up the next morning, Oates walked out of the tent into a blizzard and temperatures to his death. Scott wrote in his diary, "We knew that poor Oates was walking to his death, but though we tried to dissuade him, we knew it was the act of a brave man and an English gentleman."

Scott and the other two walked another . Then they were stopped by a fierce blizzard on March 20. Trapped in their tent by the weather and weak, cold and hungry, they died nine days later. Their frozen bodies were found by a search party on November 12, 1912.

Oates' body was never found. Near where they thought he died, the search party left a pile of stones and a cross. These words were left: "Hereabouts died a very gallant gentleman, Captain L. E. G. Oates... In March 1912, returning from the Pole, he walked willingly to his death in a blizzard, to try and save his comrades, beset by hardships."

Oates' reindeer-skin sleeping bag was found. It is now in the museum of the Scott Polar Research Institute in Cambridge, with other items from the expedition.

Scott wrote in his diary that before Oates left the tent and walked to his death, he said "I am just going outside and may be some time."



Pharmacokinetics

Pharmacokinetics is a branch of pharmacology which studies what the body does to a drug. Pharmacokinetics looks at how a substance enters, moves through and exits the body. It relates how the dose delivered affects the concentration within the body. It is closely related to another branch of pharmacology, pharmacodynamics, which describes how a drugs affects the body.

When developing new drugs, it is important to know exactly what happens to the chemical once administered. There are four important parameters of pharmacokinetics, usually known by the acronym ADME: Absorption, Distribution, Metabolism and Excretion. This model was developed in order to simplify perception of the many processes that take place once a drug enters an organism.

Absorption describes the movement of a drug from the dosage form to the site of action, usually the blood.
The bioavailability (F) of the drug is the fraction of the drug being administered that reaches the blood circulation.


Once the drug is in the body, it enters many cells. Cells are surrounded by a protective membrane made of lipid bilayer. For this reason, only lipid soluble, (lipophillic) drugs can enter cells.
Sometimes the substance gets trapped within the lipids of waste products that need excreted, and leave the body without ever being absorbed.
For this reason, there must be a balance between lipophilicity and hydrophilicity of drug molecules.
The acidity of a pharmaceutical compound can also affect absorption. It is important to know how acid or basic the substance is in order for the body to accept it, giving our bodies a biological effect. 

One way to overcome the need to absorb the drug in the stomach (where it can be destroyed by bile), is to inject it in the skin (intradermal), subcutaneously, in the muscle (intramuscular) or directly into the bloodstream (intravenously). 




Other routes include the topical route, where the drug is applied directly to the skin or mucosal surface on which it is intended to act. These drugs are also known as ointments and include eye drops, thrush cream and eczema lotion. Though absorption is slow, there is a high concentration of the substance in this one area, meaning a pharmacological affect at only the site of application is produced.

Nasal spray and inhalers are other routes of admission which bypass the stomach.

Distribution describes how a drug moves about in the body once it has entered blood circulation, and how this movement may decrease the concentration. 

The apparent volume of distribution (Vd) is the apparent volume into which the drug is distributed, expressed in liters (L).

Vd = Dose/Initial plasma concentration

Vd is a hypothetical volume of fluid that will contain the total amount of drug administered to the body. One inside thebody, the drug can move around either by diffusion (soaking through a membrane due to a lower concentration), or by transport in the blood. The body should be considered as being multicompartmental, where drugs can be distributed into plasma (blood) - 8% , interstitial fluid (a liquid that surrounds tissues) - 24%, intracelullar fluid (which surrounds cells) - 65% and also fat.

A lower Vd value infers that the drug is retained within the plasma.

A higher Vd value suggests that the drug is retained in volumes outside of the plasma (i.e. in peripheral tissues).

There are many factors which affect drug distribution, the most important ones are the following:
Metabolism describes how a drug is altered chemically in the body into its metabolite, which may be more or less active. This process usually occurs in the liver, but can also take place in the plasma, lungs, stomach, small intestine, kidney and skin. It contains two phases: phase 1 and phase 2.

Put simply, this process converts lipid soluble drugs to water soluble metabolites.

All drugs that are absorbed from the small intestine are first transported to the liver by the hepatic portal vein, in many cases a large proportion of the drug is then metabolized immediately before the drug enters the systemic circulation. This process is called first pass metabolism.
Some drugs undergo extensive first pass metabolism such that only about 10% of the administered dose enters the circulation: "10% bioavailability".
In the case of some drugs, the metabolism occurs within the gut before even reaching the liver.
Can be zero order or first order:
This is how a drug or its metabolite is removed from the body. Usually this occurs in the kidneys (urine), but can also take place in the biliary system (faeces), gastrointestinal tract (GIT), skin (sweat) and lungs (expired air).
Many of the products of hepatic metabolism are water soluble metabolites of lipid soluble drugs, these enter the systemic circulation and are transported to the kidney where they are eventually excreted in the urine.

Drugs and metabolites that are in free aqueous solution may also be excreted in sweat or expired air. Where the drug or metabolite is not freely water soluble, it is normally excreted into the gut via the bile duct from when it is excreted in the faeces. 

One complication of this route of excretion is the enterohepatic shunt. In this process the drug is excreted into the guy from the bile duct, but is then reabsorbed and transported back to the liver. The consequence of this is that the presence of the drug or metabolite within the body is extended, which, if the metabolite is pharmacologically active, may extend the duration of action of the drug.

Some chemicals, for example lead, accumulate within the tissues.

The actual concentration of drug present within the plasma (bloodstream) following administration is dependent on absorption, distribution, metabolism and excretion. Plasma concentrations of a drug after administration of identical doses either by intravenous injection or orally. Only about half of the dose administered orally actually enters circulation, however the plasma half-life of the drug is approximately 3 hours both orally and via IV.

In most therapeutic circumstances, drugs are not given as a single dose but as multiple doses. This has profound effects on the plasma concentrations achieved. The state of constant maxima and minima is called "steady state". This is the point where rate of drug availability equals rate of elimination, and the optimum therapeutic effect is reached.

1953 British Mount Everest expedition

The British Mount Everest expedition of 1953 was the first expedition that made it to the summit of Mt. Everest. Edmund Hillary, an explorer, and Tenzing Norgay, a Nepalese mountain climber, were the pair who got to the top. It was the ninth attempt to reach the summit. 

The expedition was lead by Colonel John Hunt, who was hired by the Everest organizing committee. The military-style expedition was "bottom heavy" by today's standards. There were tons of equipment hauled by 350 porters to support only ten climbers. Other teams would also try. Finally, on May 29, Hillary and Tenzing made it to the top. They could only stay on the summit for 15 minutes or risk running out of oxygen. They began the long climb back down to the base camp. They arrived exhausted and unable to speak. When Hunt saw them he thought they failed and began arranging for another team to try. But the two gestured that the climb had been a success. Hillary and Norgay became instant heroes.

Reynaldo Rey

Reynaldo Rey (born Harry Reynolds; January 27, 1940 – May 28, 2015) was an American actor, comedian, and television personality. He started his career in 1973. He was best known for roles in the movies "Harlem Nights" (1989), "White Men Can't Jump" (1992), and "Friday" (1995). He also appeared in the television series "227".

Rey was born in Sequoyah County, Oklahoma. He was of African American and Native American ancestry.

Rey died from problems caused by a stroke on May 28, 2015 in Los Angeles, California. He was 75.


Anna Levinson

Anna-Rose Levinson (8 January 1939 – 13 May 2015) was a German zoologist and entomologist. She worked at the Max Planck Institute for Behavioral Physiology from 1971 and the Max Planck Institute for Ornithology from 2004.

Levinson was born in Tel Aviv, Israel and graduated from the University of Jerusalem in 1966. She later moved to Germany, living in Starnberg, Bavaria. She was married to Hermann Levinson until his death in November 2013.

Levinson died on 13 May 2015, aged 76.

Subcompact car

A subcompact car is the American term for an automobile with a class size smaller than a compact car. Usually they are not longer than . They are larger than a microcar. According to the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), a passenger car is classified as subcompact if it has between and of interior volume.

The subcompact group is roughly the same as A-segment and B-segment cars in Europe. They also are similar in size to a city car and supermini in British terminology. In 2012, the New York Times described the differences, saying "today’s small cars actually span three main segments in the global vehicle market". The tiny A-segment cars include the Chevrolet Spark and Smart Fortwo. They’re extremely short and very light. Slightly larger are B-segment cars like the Ford Fiesta and Chevrolet Sonic. The most popular subcompact cars include the Chevrolet Sonic/Aveo and the Ford Fiesta.

Medcezir

Medcezir is an Turkish teenage drama television series based in Istanbul. It was on for 2 seasons between September 13, 2013 and June 12, 2015.

Elias Gleizer

Ilicz Glejzer (4 January 1934 – 16 May 2015), better known as Elias Gleizer, was a Brazilian actor. He started acting in 1959. He was best known for appearing in "O Meu Pé de Laranja Lima" (1980), "Pedra sobre Pedra" (1992), "Sonho Meu" (1994), "Terra Nostra" (1999), "Uga-Uga" (2000), "India – A Love Story" (2009), and "Flor do Caribe" (2013).

Gleizer was born in São Paulo. He was the son of Polish Jewish immigrants. He never married or had children.

Gleizer was hospitalised after a fall on 6 May 2015 in Rio de Janeiro. He later died from heart failure and bronchopneumonia on 16 May, aged 81.

Ali Raymi

Ali Raymi (7 December 1973 – 23 May 2015) was a Yemeni boxer. He was a four division flyweight Boxing World Champion. His professional boxing record was 26-0 (26 KOs), twenty of which happened in the first round versus undefeated fighters. He was a Yemeni amateur champion in 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2007. He was born in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.

Raymi died in an explosion on 23 May 2015 in Sana'a, aged 41.

Sète

Sète is a commune in the Hérault department of France. About 45,000 people live there.

Sète is a port and a seaside resort. It is on the Mediterranean. It has its own culture, traditions, cuisine and dialect. It is the hometown of artists including Paul Valéry, Jean Vilar, Georges Brassens, Gregory Del Piero, Hervé Di Rosa, Manitas de Plata and Robert Combas.

John Watts (Grenadian politician)

Sir John Augustus Fitzroy Watts (1921 or 1922 – 11 May 2015) was a Grenadian dentist and politician. He served as the President of the Senate twice, from 1988 until 1990 and 1995 until 2004. He was also the co-founder of the Grenada National Party.

Watts was born in St. Patrick. He died on 11 May 2015 in St. George's, aged 93.

Humphrey (cat)

Humphrey (c. 1988 – March 2006) was a cat who worked at 10 Downing Street, the home of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He lived there from October 1989 to 13 November 1997. His title was "Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office". 

He first came as a one-year-old stray cat. He served as chief cat for Margaret Thatcher, John Major and Tony Blair. He went into retirement six months after the Blairs moved into Downing Street. He took over for the previous cat, Wilberforce. He was sometimes said to be a real employee at Number 10, by journalists.

Humphrey was found as a stray by a Cabinet Office civil servant. He was named in honour of Sir Humphrey Appleby, a civil servant character on British televsion. After the previous mouser, Wilberforce, had died, the Cabinet Office and Number 10 were in need of a replacement, so Humphrey began his work.

He was often seen posing for pictures in front of the famous Number 10 front door. His main job was catching mice and rats in the maze of Downing Street buildings. The poor quality of the buildings, some of which were built in the 16th century, and the nearby St. James's Park made them a sure place for pests.

In June 1995, Humphrey went missing. Downing Street did not tell the public about this until Sheila Gunn, a writer for "The Times", found out. Gunn had told a member of staff that her own cat had died and they shared about the missing cat. Gunn's story was mentioned on the front page. He was then found in a nearby medical college. He had been taken in as a stray and renamed PC, short for "patrol cat". 

When he came back to Downing Street, Humphrey gave a news report saying: "I have had a wonderful holiday at the Royal Army Medical College, but it is nice to be back and I am looking forward to the new parliamentary session."

Within a week of Tony Blair moving to 10 Downing Street after the May 1997 general election, newspapers said that Humphrey and Cherie Blair, the new Prime Minister's wife, were not getting along. Mrs Blair was said to either be allergic to cats or believed them to be unclean. Sheila Gunn, later said that she was the source of these reports. Her obituary says they were based "on a hunch for which she had no evidence".

At the time, an official for the family said that Humphrey would not be moving out, saying that Number 10 "is Humphrey's home and, as far as the Blairs are concerned, it will remain his home". A photo of Humphrey and Mrs Blair was given to the press. This did not calm fears that the cat would be forced out. Rumours went around that Humphrey was drugged by press secretary Alastair Campbell, before being taken away. 

In November 1997, Humphrey's personal caregiver, Jonathan Rees, who worked for the Prime Minister, wrote a letter saying that the cat should retire to a "stable home environment where he can be looked after properly". While kidney problems were given as the reason for his retirement, many believed that Mrs Blair caused it.

Humphrey moved to his new home with an older couple in the suburbs of London on 13 November 1997. The news of his retirement was not told until the next day, because there was fear that the cat might be kidnapped.

Little was heard about Humphrey over the next few years. Many people though that he had died. 

"The Daily Telegraph" made a "Freedom of Information Act" request for documents about him in early 2005. This led to more information being uncovered about his time at Downing Street. In its March 2005 report about Humphrey, the "Telegraph" sadly said "Where Humphrey is now - or even whether he is still with us - remains a mystery. 'I am not having much luck,' a Cabinet Office spokesman confessed last night. His official minder has not heard from him in seven years." Finally, on 22 July 2005, "The Independent" reported that "the 17-year-old mouser is alive and well and living in south London." 

In March 2006, an official for Tony Blair reported that Humphrey had died the week before. He died at his offical retirement home.


Doris Hart

Doris Hart (June 20, 1925 – May 29, 2015) was an American tennis player. She played singles and doubles and was ranked in the world top ten from 1946 through 1955, becoming World No. 1 during 1951. She won four Australian Championships, ten French Championships, ten Wimbledon titles, and eleven U.S. Championships. In total, she had 35 Grand Slam titles before retiring in 1955.

Hart was born in St. Louis, Missouri. As a child, she suffered from osteomyelitis which left her with an impaired right leg. She also attended the University of Miami. She never married or had children.

Hart died on May 29, 2015 in Coral Gables, Florida. She was 89.


Wabasha, Minnesota

Wabasha is a city in Wabasha County, Minnesota, USA. It is also the county seat.The population was 2,559 in 2020. Wabasha is located in southeastern Minnesota on the Mississippi River. Established in 1830, Wabasha is the oldest town in Minnesota. It is also the oldest continuously occupied city in the upper Mississippi River valley. Wabasha is named after chief Wa-pa-shaw of the Sioux Nation.

Wabasha was the setting of the movies "Grumpy Old Men" and "Grumpier Old Men".

<br>

James Wilson Marshall

James Wilson Marshall (October 8, 1810 – August 10, 1885) was an American carpenter and sawmill worker. He reported finding gold at Coloma on the American River in California on January 24, 1848. This started the California Gold Rush. The mill was owned by John Sutter. Marshall had been hired to help build it. 

On the morning of January 24, 1848 Marshall was fetching water for his new-built water-powered sawmill by the river when he suddenly saw gold flakes in the water. He later said:

Beau Biden

Joseph Robinette "Beau" Biden III (February 3, 1969 – May 30, 2015) was an American politician and attorney. He was the 44th attorney general of Delaware from 2007 to 2015. He was the eldest son of U.S. President Joe Biden and his first wife Neilia Hunter Biden and stepson of U.S. First Lady Jill Biden.

He was born in Wilmington, Delaware to Joe and Neilia Biden. He and his wife, Hallie, had two children: a daughter, Natalie, and a son, Hunter. In 1972, his mother and younger sister, Naomi Christina Biden, were killed in an car accident, in which Beau and his brother Hunter were badly injured.

Biden died from brain cancer on May 30, 2015 in Bethesda, MarylandHe was 46 years old.

L. Tom Perry

Lowell Tom Perry (August 5, 1922 – May 30, 2015) was an American businessman and religious leader. He was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from April 6, 1974 until his death. 

Perry was born in Logan, Utah. He was married twice and had three children. His first wife, Virginia Lee, died from cancer in December 1974. He was married his second wife, Barbara Dayton, from 1976 until his death.

Perry died from thyroid cancer on May 30, 2015 in Salt Lake City, Utah. He was 92.

Annarita Sidoti

Annarita Sidoti (25 July 1970 – 21 May 2015) was an Italian race walker. She was the 1997 world champion. She also won the European Championships twice and the European Indoor Championships once. She competed in the 1992, 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics. She appeared in the 1998 movie "Le complici".

Sidoti was born in Gioiosa Marea, Sicily. She was married and had three children.

Sidoti died from breast cancer on 21 May 2015 in Gioiosa Marea. She was 44.


Bill O'Herlihy

Bill O'Herlihy (26 September 1938 – 25 May 2015) was an Irish television broadcaster and public relations executive. His career began in 1965. He worked for Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ), and was best known for his work on RTÉ Sport. He presented for 10 FIFA World Cups and 10 Summer Olympic Games before retiring in 2014. He also appeared in current affairs programs "Newsbeat" and "7 Days".

O'Herlihy was born in Glasheen, Cork. He was married to Hilary and had two daughters, Jill and Sally. He had an operation in 2007 because of a colon cancer tumour.

O'Herlihy died on 25 May 2015 in Dublin, aged 76.

Ontario New Democratic Party

The Ontario New Democratic Party (ONDP) is a social democratic political party in Ontario, Canada. It is part of the national New Democratic Party. It formed in 1961 when the Ontario section of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation merged with the Ontario Federation of Labour.

The party formed the government in the 1990 Ontario general election. This was the first provincial government formed by the NDP east of Manitoba. However, the party was blamed for a recession that hit Canada and lost the 1995 general election.

The leader of the party since 2009 is Andrea Horwath. After the 2018 election, the NDP became the Official Opposition.

Eastern Ontario

Eastern Ontario is a subregion of Southern Ontario in the Canadian province of Ontario. It is a wedge-shaped area between the Ottawa River and the Saint Lawrence River. Quebec is to the north and the U.S. state of New York is to the east and south. The subregion is sometimes called Southeastern Ontario. According to the Canada 2011 Census, it had a population of 1,603,625. It has an area of .

The following counties are in Eastern Ontario:
Sometimes Hastings County, Prince Edward County, and Northumberland County are also included in Eastern Ontario but usually they are considered part of Central Ontario. Large cities in Eastern Ontario include Ottawa, Cornwall, and Prescott.

French explorers and fur traders were the first Europeans in the subregion. A large number of Franco-Ontarian still live in Eastern Ontario. After the American Revolutionary War, many United Empire Loyalists moved into Eastern Ontario.

Bob Hornery

Robert James "Bob" Hornery (28 May 1931 – 26 May 2015) was an Australian actor. He was known for his appearances on "Neighbours", "Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome", "The Importance of Being Earnest", "Blue Heelers" and "Doctor Who".

Hornery died after a long illness on 26 May 2015, aged 83.

United Counties of Prescott and Russell

The United Counties of Prescott and Russell are two consolidated counties in Ontario, Canada. The county seat is L'Orignal. It was created by a merger between Russell County and Prescott County in 1820. It is in Eastern Ontario.

The county covers an area of . The Alfred Bog is in the county. Many species of birds, plants, and butterflies live in the bog. According to the Canada 2011 Census, Prescott and Russell has a population of 85,381 people. Many Franco-Ontarian people live in Prescott and Russell. Two thirds of the people speak French as their first language.

There are four townships, one town, two municipalities, and one city in Prescott and Russell:

Manitoba Highway 2

Manitoba Highway 2 is a provincial highway in Manitoba, Canada. It is long. It runs from east to west. It starts at the border with Saskatchewan, where it is called Saskatchewan Highway 13. It ends southwest of Winnipeg where it meets Highway 100. It doesn't pass through any major cities. It passes through several rural municipalities, including Oakland-Wawanesa, Glenboro-South Cypress, and Norfolk Treherne.

The highway is the Manitoba part of the Red Coat Trail.

Deaths in June 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in June 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Robert Kraft (astronomer)

Robert Paul "Bob" Kraft (June 16, 1927 – May 26, 2015) was an American astronomer. He performed ground breaking work on Cepheid variables, stellar rotation, novae, and the chemical evolution of the Milky Way. He also served as director of the Lick Observatory (1981–1991), president of the American Astronomical Society (1974–1976), and president of the International Astronomical Union (1997–2000).

Kraft was born in Seattle, Washington. He graduated from the University of Washington and the University of California, Berkeley.

Kraft died on May 26, 2015 in Santa Cruz, California, aged 87.

Julie Harris (costume designer)

Julie Harris (26 March 1921 – 30 May 2015) was a British costume designer. She won an Academy Award for Best Costume Design in 1966 and was nominated for five BAFTAs, winning one in 1967. Her works included "Swiss Family Robinson" (1960), "Psyche 59" (1963), "Darling" (1965), "Help!" (1965), "The Wrong Box" (1966), "Casino Royale" (1967), "The Slipper and the Rose" (1976) and "Candleshoe" (1977). She was born in London.

Harris died after a short illness on 30 May 2015 at a Chelsea, London hospital, aged 94.

Tony McNamara

Tony McNamara (3 October 1929 – 30 May 2015) was an English footballer who played as a midfielder. He played for Everton, Liverpool, Crewe Alexandra, Bury and Runcorn between 1947 and 1960. He was born in Liverpool.

NcNamara died on 30 May 2015 in Liverpool, aged 85.

Bloomingdale Trail

Bloomingdale Trail or also known as 606 (The 606 Park and Trail) is an elevated urban trail in Chicago. It was made by replacing elevated railroad tracks with a path for bicyclists, walkers and runners.

The trail is on Chicago's Northwest Side, at Bloomingdale Ave. (1800N), between Armitage and North. It is 2.7 miles long. It runs east and west. The eastern end is at Walsh Park, on Ashland Avenue (1600W). The park's western end will be at Ridgeway Trailhead (3750W), when Phase 2 is completed. The official opening was on June 6, 2015. In September 2020, the City of Chicago officially renamed the trail from Park 527 to The Bloomingdale Trail. 

The first construction phase of the 606 was completed in 2015. It was developed by the City of Chicago, the city's park district and the Trust for Public Land. The name comes from the first three digits of Chicago's ZIP Code. "In its original state, it was the elevated Bloomingdale [train] Line, completed in 1915 along Bloomingdale Avenue..."

The trail is about 17.5 feet above street level at its highest point. Original retaining walls are on each side. The walls are filled with a subsoil from when the structure was first built. The ballast and railroad ties and trackes were removed in the conversion to a trail. On top of the subsoil are other soil layers. These were re-built as part of the conversion. On top of the soil is an 8-inch layer of concrete. This top layer is 14 feet wide. In the middle is a 10-foot wide section for bicyclists. On either side is a 2-foot shoulder for runners and walkers. Beyond the shoulders are planted areas with grass, trees and lighting. At some places, there are benches A fence or railing of varying height runs along the length of the path. There are 17 ramps and one staircase along the trail.

In 2016, the American Planning Association announced that the trail would win the association's 2016 National Planning Excellence Award for Urban Design.

Since its opening, the trail has had a lot of use by walkers, runners and bicyclists. Local alderman Brian Hopkins the second has advocated extending the trail east across the North Branch of the Chicago River.

The trail has caused the price of houses that are near it to rise. This rise is much greater west of Western Avenue than east of that street. 


Ice fishing

Ice fishing is the practice of catching fish through an opening in the ice on a frozen body of water. The methods include fishing with fishing rods, lines and hooks or spears. Ice fishermen may fish in the open or in heated enclosures called ice shacks. 

Basic ice fishing equipment is fairly simple. A short fishing rod, some bait, hooks and a way to drill or chop a hole in the ice. The right clothing is also important to keep warm on the ice. Or, you could get into highly specialized ice fishing gear. 

An important part of ice fishing in the northern parts of North America is the ice shack (ice house, ice shanty, dark house). These are dragged or towed onto the lake using a vehicle such as a snowmobile, ATV or truck. Most portable ice houses which are often made of anything from light tent-like structures to heavy material that designed to shelter fishermen from cold and wind. They can take many different forms. Some are simple structures that are just a place to get in out of the cold. Others are elaborate expensive shelters, warm and safe enough to withstand any weather. They are also loaded with electronics. 

Modern ice shacks can have equipment like underwater cameras, sonar fish-finders and lake-mapping apps for their smartphones. Some have all the comforts of home such as big-screen TVs, poker tables, king-size beds and stereo systems. They can have refrigerators, fireplaces and bathrooms with hot showers. Many ice fishermen spend weekends in their comfortable ice shack retreats all winter. 

In the northern parts of North America, ice fishing is often a social activity. Some resorts have fish houses that are rented out by the day; often, shuttle service by Snow Track or other vehicles modified to drive on ice is provided. They can appear to a city on the ice where fishing is best. Some even elect a mayor. Most municipalities have requirements to remove ice houses by a certain date before the ice melts.

In Finland, peace and quiet in isolation is often the object of the pastime. In Finland, fish houses are a rare. But wearing a sealed and insulated dry suit designed with space age fabric is not.

Splatoon

Nintendo announced that a series of Splatoon Amiibo figures would be released along with the game, Boy and Girl Inklings are sold separately and a Squid figure is sold only as a bundle with either the game or the two other Amiibos. People who pre-ordered "Splatoon" at GameStop were given a download voucher that gave them Splatoon-themed Mii costumes to use in "Super Smash Bros. For Wii U".

A sequel, "Splatoon 2", was released in 2017. A third entry released in 2022.

"Splatoon" was met with positive reviews. GamesRadar rated the game a 3.5 out of 5 stars. They said that the game was a refreshing take on the shooter genre but criticized some of the features like lobbies and Amibo-locked content. Destructoid rated the game 8.5. Chris Carter of Destructoid, said that "most of (the game's) shortcomings can be forgiven in my mind because of how damn fun it is."

Ice house

An ice house, or icehouse, is a building used to store ice throughout the year before the invention of refrigerators.

During the winter, ice and snow would be cut from lakes or rivers, taken into the ice house, and packed with insulation (often straw or sawdust). It would remain frozen for many months, often until the following winter, and could be used as a source of ice during the summer months. The main application of the ice was the storage of foods, but it could also be used simply to cool drinks, or in the preparation of ice-cream and sorbet desserts. 

In the 19th-century and early-20th-century there was a commercial trade in ice on the east coast of the United States and Norway. Large amounts of natural ice were collected, stored and sold. Later artificial ice was made and sold for domestic consumption and commercial purposes. Ice was cut from the surface of ponds and streams, then stored in ice houses, before being sent on by ship, barge or railroad to its final destination around the world.

1947–1949 Palestine war

The 1948 Palestine War, was a war between the Jews living in the region, the Arabs or Palestinians, and the other states around Israel. The war began in 1947 after the announcement of the end of the British Mandate in Palestine and the separation of the land into two countries of the same size. By the end of the war in 1949, Israel had made bigger its land beyond its given borders. The Arab state created in the UN Partition Plan never came into existence as its two largest parts, the Gaza Strip, a small piece of land south of Palestine on the coast and the West Bank, the region east of Jerusalem and west of the Jordan River, went into the control of Egypt and Jordan. The war continues to be an issue in the Middle East today. For Israelis, it shows the change from the Yishuv (the Jewish group in Palestine) to the state of Israel. Other countries had to deal with the idea of loss and the difficulties of local arguments caused by the creation of a Jewish State in a highly Arab region. Palestinians remember the war as The Nakba ("lit. Catastrophe)".

Beginning in 1881, European Jews began to move to Palestine in large numbers. These new immigrants mainly settled in the region under the banner of Jewish nationalism, known as Zionism. The goal of this nationalist movement was the creation of a Jewish state. Although at first friendly, relations between Arabs in Palestine and Jews from Europe became more bitter as the number of Jews moving grew. 
During World War One, Arabs and Jews were under the rule of the Ottoman Empire. To weaken it Britain and France, began to offer land to peoples in sections of the Empire for launching resistance to the Ottomans. This included offering Palestine to various Arab leaders (including the Husayn family of Saudi Arabia). At the same time, the British offered control of Palestine to a Jewish state that didn't yet exist. Although this action led to nothing, it encouraged greater movement of Jews to Palestine as well as a fear of losing regional control for the Palestinians. In 1936, responding to the growing Jewish population, Palestinian Arabs led an armed revolt against the British and Jews in Palestine. The revolt, led by the mufti and head of the Arab Higher Committee Hajj Amin al-Husayni, was the first large-scale expression of Palestinian nationalism. This situation, two cultures competing against each other for Palestine, continued throughout World War Two. At the end of that conflict, the British Mandate in Palestine was near ending and the peoples of the region wanted a solution to the issue.

In 1947, the British gave the issue of competing peoples within Palestine to the United Nations. The United Nations Special Committee on Palestine was tasked with fixing the issue of violence between the two groups and treating each side with fairness in the giving-out of land. On November 29, 1947, the Partition Plan was announced. Palestine would be divided into separate Jewish and Arab states of roughly equal size. Jerusalem would remain an independent city run by the UN. The British would leave the Mandate of Palestine by May 1948. At first, most of the international community supported the plan (including both the US and USSR) as well as the Yishuv. Palestinian Arabs, as well as the nations of Egypt, Lebanon, Syria, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and Transjordan (now Jordan) argued against the plan and pushed for a new one with an Arab state and a recognized Jewish minority. When that was not accepted, these nations moved for war by raising armies to fight the new state of Israel.

Given its recent status as a state, the Yishuv actually had one of the most well-organized and well-armed military forces in the region. This was under the control of the Haganah, a single state army that would become the Israeli Defense Force in late May 1948. By mid-May, Israel had called up an army of 35,000. As the war continued into July, that number rose to 65,000. At the end of the war, Israel had successfully brought up and armed 96,441 men to fight against the Palestinians and Arab nations. Israel had a developed strategic plan and a simple command system under the leadership of David Ben-Gurion, the minister of defense.
Unlike the Yishuv, the Palestinians had no unified force before the war began in late 1947. There were several paramilitary groups, but no single leader, structure or plan. Al-Husayni and the Arab Higher Committee tried to give the fighters a system. Many disliked his leadership and did not think of the committee as the voice of Palestinians. Al-Husayni created a force known as the Holy War Army made up of new volunteers and paramilitary forces. This army and the other Palestinian fighters lacked modern weapons and supplies. Though al-Husayni pushed the Arab League (a collection of majority Arab nations) for greater support and control to direct the course of the war, the League blocked him.

The nations of the Arab League that joined in the war against Israel were Egypt, Transjordan, Iraq, Lebanon, and Syria (there was a smaller force from Saudi Arabia and Yemen under Egyptian command). Despite having the League to bind them, at the start of the war there was no single League commander. Each country mobilized its own force for its own goals. The final force from the Arab League, the Arab Liberation Army, was a force of 4,000 volunteers from across the Middle East which worked out of Syria. While the nations of the Arab League surrounded Israel, they did so as different countries.

Israel's objectives for the war were originally based on the Haganah's 1946 Plan and run by David Ben-Gurion. The plan called for the rapid build-up of forces to fight against what the army saw as the greatest threat: invasion from the Arab states. By using the 1946 Plan, Ben-Gurion hoped to secure the land given to Israel in the UN Partition Plan. As the war went on, the goals changed slightly with the introduction in March 1948 of Plan Dalet (Plan D). Instead of simply holding the lands given to Israel, the plan now commanded Israel's forces to work remove Arabs from Jewish-controlled land, defend Jewish settlements in Arab Palestine, and to take Arab land at particular positions for a strategic advantage. A possible reason for the change is given by historian David Tal, who points out that it was probably a response to the stiffer resistance from Palestinians and a general desire to put Israeli forces in the most defensible positions. Yet, as Tal also points out, this strategic plan has never been without some controversy, particularly the part of the plan which forced Palestinian movement.

The principal objective for the Palestinians, as expressed by the Arab Higher Committee, was the creation of a single Arab state in Palestine.
While Transjordan outwardly agreed with the rest of the Arab League in creating an Arab state in Palestine, that seems to have not been Transjordan's ultimate goal. According to the records of Transjordan, Abdullah I of Jordan, Transjordan's Hashemite (royal family) monarch, was interested in using the war to put Palestinian Arabs under Jordanian control. This would then put him into a position to seize Syria and create a Greater Syria. This means that Transjordan's objectives were in opposition to those Syria, Lebanon, Egypt, and the Palestinians themselves.

Like Transjordan, both Syria and Egypt supported creating a single Arab state in Palestine. Their reasoning, however, was more about stopping the spread of Jordan, who both nations feared (should Transjordan take the region).

The first part of the conflict pitted the Yishuv's forces against those of the Palestinian's Arab Higher Committee. The civil war began with three days of strikes on November 30, 1947. It then changed into a guerrilla campaign against Jewish supply trucks. In January 1948, the Arab Liberation Army entered Palestine. This caused the Israelis to adapt their plan and to introduce Plan Dalet. On April 5th, the Haganah launched Operation Nahshon, a fifteen-day operation to secure routes to Jerusalem by seizing hills along the main roads. After the success of Operation Nahshon and smaller Jewish offensives, Palestinian resistance began to fall apart.

The second part of the war began with the invasion of Egypt, Iraq, Transjordan, Lebanon, and Syria in May 1948. Each invasion force entered Palestine on their nearest border. Fighting in the West Bank and around Jerusalem dominated this phase of the war. Jewish forces moved into Jerusalem to secure the western section of the city. To shore up this position, Israeli forces also tried to take Latrun, a hill to the north of Jerusalem. This proved unsuccessful. In other areas, the Israelis found greater success. Two Egyptian forces, one moving along the coast and the other across the Negev towards Jerusalem, were stopped. The Iraqi force was pushed back. Though Syrian and Lebanese forces made an advance into Israeli territories, Israelis made counter advances into Syrian and Lebanese territory. Fighting was brought to an end by a UN truce on June 11.
On July 9th, the Israelis launched a new series of operations against the Jordanians in the West Bank. The hope was to end the conflict in this front against what Israelis considered to be the most well-trained and armed Arab army, Transjordan's Arab Legion. The offensives were largely a success and although other Arab nations tried to take advantage of Israel's focus on the West Bank, their advances were small. This phase of the war ended with another truce on July 18, 1948.

With the Jordanians stuck in the West Bank, Israelis launched two more offensives on October 15th. These forced Egyptian forces out of the Negev Desert and pushed back Syrian and Lebanese forces into their own countries. Following these last offensives, the military part of the war ended. It would take until January 7, 1949 for Israel to complete signing treaties with each warring nation.

Through the war, Israel gained a large amount of land. While the original separation lines gave about equal land to Jewish and Arab states, the treaty lines of 1949 gave Israel a much larger state, limiting Arab-controlled land to the small Gaza strip and a smaller West Bank than in 1947. These were not controlled by any Palestinian government. Instead, Egypt controlled the small Gaza Strip while Jordan controlled the West Bank and Eastern Jerusalem. By the end of the war, there were approximately 720,000 refugees living in camps in Syria, Jordan, Lebanon, the West Bank, and the Gaza Strip. Although much of this can be attributed to war-time fear, some historians, like James Gelvin, assert that Israeli policy in Plan Dalet partially contributed to this crisis. The policy, which encouraged Israeli forces to seize Arab property in Jewish territory, made the refugee issue worse. As of 2023, the right of these refugees to return to their former homes or to receive reparations remained uncertain.


Dale D. Myers

Dale Dehaven Myers (January 8, 1922 – May 19, 2015) was an American aerospace engineer for NASA. He served as Deputy Administrator of NASA, serving between October 6, 1986 and May 13, 1989. He was well known for his work on the Apollo program.

Myers was born in Kansas City, Missouri. He graduated from the University of Washington in Seattle, Washington in 1943. He was married to Marge Myers and had two children. He lost his eye in a car accident.

Myers died on May 19, 2015 at his retirement home in La Costa, California. He was 93.

Shone An

An Jun Can (; 20 September 1983 – 1 June 2015), better known as Shone An, was a Taiwanese singer and actor. From 2002 until 2005, he was a member of the mandopop boy band Comic Boyz. He also appeared in many movie, television and theatre productions such as "Case Sensitive" (2011), "Rhapsody of Marriage" (2012) and "Turn Around" (2014). He was also a guest host on "100% Entertainment". He was born in Tainan.

Shone An died from liver cancer on 1 June 2015 in Tainan, aged 31.

Weddell seal

The Weddell seal ("Leptonychotes weddellii") is a seal that is common in Antarctica. It is named after James Weddell, who discovered it. Estimations are that there are half a million to a million of these animals left, which makes it the most common seal in Antarctica, after the Crabeater seal. During the winter, most Weddel seals do not migrate northwards. Instead, they keep open a hole in the ice, by gnawing it with their teeth.

Joan Kirner

Joan Elizabeth Kirner (née Hood; 20 June 1938 – 1 June 2015) was an Australian politician, educator and activist. She was a Labor Party member of the Parliament of Victoria from 1982 to 1994. She was the 42nd Premier of Victoria, serving from 10 August 1990 until 6 October 1992. She was also the 21st Deputy Premier of Victoria from 7 February 1989 until 10 August 1990, and Leader of the Opposition of Victoria from 6 October 1992 until March 1993.

Kirner was born in Essendon, Melbourne. She was married to Ronald George Kirner and had three children.

Kirner died from oesophageal cancer on 1 June 2015 in Melbourne, aged 76.

Sherborne

Sherborne is a market town in northwest Dorset, in South West England. It is on the River Yeo, east of Yeovil. The A30 road, which goes from London to Penzance, runs through the town. 

The population of Sherborne parish was 9,523 in the 2011 census. 28.7% of the population is aged 65 or older.
Sherborne is best known for Sherborne Abbey, a historical building. It was a Saxon cathedral from the years 705–1075. It was a Benedictine abbey from the years 998–1539. Now it is a local church. 

Sherborne also has two castles. One is ruins of a 12th century fortified palace.The second is a 16th century mansion named Sherborne Castle. It was built by Sir Walter Raleigh. Much of the old town is built from ochre-coloured stone. These include the abbey and many medieval and Georgian era buildings.


Rational root theorem

The Rational root theorem (or rational zero theorem) is a proven idea in mathematics. It says that if the coefficients of a polynomial are integers, then one can find all of the possible rational roots by dividing each factor of the constant term by each factor of the leading coefficient. 

Think about this polynomial:
formula_1

All of the possible rational roots are these: ±factors of a / ±factors of a

This only finds the rational roots. There may be irrational or imaginary roots. Other theorems, such as Descartes’ rule of signs, help find how many imaginary roots there are for a given equation. 

Think about this polynomial: 15x + 2x – 10x + x – 8

Factors of the leading coefficient are: 15: ±1,±3,±5,±15

Factors of the constant are: -8: ±1,±2,±4,±8

Possible rational roots are: ±1/1, ±2/1, ±4/1, ±8/1, ±1/3, ±2/3, ±4/3, ±8/3, ±1/5, ±2/5, ±4/5, ±8/5, ±1/15, ±2/15, ±4/15, ±8/15


Yaroslavl

Yaroslavl is a Russian city on the Volga River, the capital and the largest city of Yaroslavl Oblast. It was founded in 1010. It is one of the largest cities in Russia. The city's centre is a World Heritage Site. It is one of the Golden Ring cities, a group of historic cities northeast of Moscow.


Lhasa

Lhasa (; ) is a city in Tibet. It is one of the highest cities in the world. It has many Tibetan Buddhist sites such as the Potala Palace, Jokhang and Norbulingka.

Qingdao

Qingdao is a city in Shandong province, China. It is an important seaport. The Tsingtao Brewery is the country's second largest brewery. It was a German colony between 1898 and 1914.

Nearest-neighbor interpolation

Interpolation is a process which constructs a continuous function from a set of points. In nearest-neighbor interpolation, the idea is to use the value of the data point or measurement which is closest to the current point. The method is also known as proximal interpolation or, point sampling.

Battlefield Hardline

Battlefield Hardline is a first-person shooter video game. It is published by Electronic Arts. It was released in March 2015 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One. Unlike the earlier games in the "Battlefield" series, "Hardline" is about crime, heist and police force, instead of military warfare.

Battlefield Hardline focuses on a different aspect of the first person shooter than the other games in its series while Battlefield 2,3, and 4 focus on the American and Russian military, Battlefield Hardline now focuses on the war on crime in America. The new game now features two different teams with cops and criminals. Both sides now receive guns and gadgets specific to their team. So while the criminal would get an AKM the cops will get a M16A3.

The game features a bunch of new game modes and a bunch of different maps.

A small hillbilly-like town focused around one big house in the middle of the map that is secretly a meth lab.

A big open downtown city of Miami; this map has many open streets and tall skyscrapers.

A big warehouse that has a secret underground marijuana farm that police are trying to seize.

A map representing the average bank which criminals try to rob. The map also consists of a parking garage and a few local stores.

A map that is centered around a swamp and an oil refinery.

A map focused on a big mansion which is on an island surrounded by ocean.

A map focused on a giant mansion which criminals are trying to loot.

A map centered around an apartment complex in a ghetto neighborhood.

The game features 4 classes; operator, mechanic, enforcer and professional. Each are good in their own areas.

A class whose primary weapons are assault rifles and carbines. Its secondary weapons consists of nine millimeter pistols. Its role in the game is as the medic of the team with gadgets like the medic bag to heal hurt teammates and the revive gadgets to bring dead teammates back to life. This class does especially well at medium to short range. The most notable weapons for this class are the M16A3, M416, AKM, and the G17. 

A class whose primary weapons are sub-machine guns. Secondary weapons are revolvers. Its role in the game is to destroy enemy vehicles and heal friendly vehicles. It has gadgets such as the grenade launcher to hurt enemy cars and the repair tool to heal friendly cars. The mechanic works best at close range. The most notable weapons for the mechanic are the K10, MPX, and the .357 RS. 

Bodrum Castle

Bodrum Castle (), formerly the Castle of St. Peter, is located in southwest Turkey in the port city of Bodrum (), was built from 1402 onwards, by the Knights Hospitaller as the "Castle of St. Peter" or "Petronium". The castle was completed in 1522. It was used as a jail in 19th century. There are 5 towers of Bodrum Castle.

The headquarters of the Knights Hospitaller were on the island of Rhodes. In 1402 their fortifications at İzmir fell to the Mongols under Tamerlane. Threatened by an invasion of the Seljuks they built the castle at Bodrum. Its location was the site of a fortification during the Doric Greek period. There was also a small Seljuk castle in the 11th century. The same promontory is also the probable site of the palace of Mausolos. He was the king of Caria. The construction of the castle began in 1404. It was fully fortified by 1460. Bodrum came under its final siege in 1522. At the time it was still strong enough to send men to Rhodes. After Rhodes fell, the castle surrendered.

The Museum of Underwater Archaeology is housed inside the castle. One of its displays is one of the world's oldest ships believed to come from the 6th century. Another is called the glass shipwreck due to the large number of bottles it was carrying.

"Bodream", Jean-Pierre Thiollet, Anagramme Ed., 2010.


Sharsheret (organization)

Sharsheret (Hebrew for “chain") is a national not-for-profit organization. It was created to support young Jewish women with breast cancer, or their families. It was founded by Rochelle Shoretz in 2001. Their headquarter is in Teaneck, New Jersey. 


Nobutaka Machimura

He was Chief Cabinet Secretary in the government of Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda from 2007 to 2008 and twice Minister for Foreign Affairs, in the cabinets of Junichiro Koizumi and Shinzō Abe. He resigned as the Speaker of the House of Representatives on April 21, 2015 after suffering from a stroke.

Machimure died from a cerebral infarction in Tokyo, aged 70.

Monte Irvin

Monford Merrill "Monte" Irvin (February 25, 1919 – January 11, 2016) was a former left fielder and right fielder in the Negro leagues and Major League Baseball (MLB).

He played with the Newark Eagles (1938–42, 46-48), New York Giants (1949–55) and Chicago Cubs (1956). He grew up in New Jersey and was a standout football player at Lincoln University. Irvin left Lincoln to spend several seasons in Negro league baseball. His career was interrupted by military service from 1943 to 1945.

Irvin died at his home in Houston, Texas from natural causes on January 11, 2016 at the age of 96.


Boyd K. Packer

Boyd Kenneth Packer (September 10, 1924 – July 3, 2015) was an American religious leader and former educator. He was the president of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).

Packer was born in Brigham City, Utah. He studied at Utah State University and at Brigham Young University. Packer was married to Donna Smith. They had ten children.

He served as Acting President of the Quorum of the Twelve from 1994 to 2008, and was an apostle and member of the Quorum of the Twelve from April 1970 until his death in July 2015.

Packer has served as a general authority of the church since 1961. Before his death, he was the second most senior apostle among the ranks of the church.

Packer died of natural causes at his home in Cottonwood Heights, Utah, aged 90.


Russell M. Nelson

Russell Marion Nelson (born September 9, 1924) is the 17th and current President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) upon replacing Thomas S. Monson in January 2018. He was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of the LDS Church. He is also a known cardiothoracic surgeon. 

Currently, he is the oldest living apostle in the Church. In July 3, 2015, following the death of President Boyd K. Packer, Nelson became President of the Quorum.

Dallin H. Oaks

Dallin Harris Oaks (born August 12, 1932) is an American attorney, jurist, author, professor, public speaker, and religious leader. Since 1984, he has been a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).

He was president of Brigham Young University (BYU), a professor of law at the University of Chicago Law School and a justice of the Utah Supreme Court. Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, Oaks was considered by Republican U.S. presidential administrations to be part of the United States Supreme Court. Currently, he is the second most senior apostle in the church.

In January 2018, Oaks became President of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles after Russell M. Nelson became President of the LDS Church.


M. Russell Ballard

Melvin Russell Ballard, Jr. (October 8, 1928 – November 12, 2023) was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1985 until his death. In 2018 he became Acting President of the Quorum. As a member of the Quorum of the Twelve, Ballard was accepted by church members as a prophet, seer, and revelator. He was the third most senior apostle among the ranks of the church. Ballard was born in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Ballard died on November 12, 2023 in Salt Lake City at the age of 95.



Robert D. Hales

Robert Dean Hales (August 24, 1932 – October 1, 2017) was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). As a member of the Quorum of the Twelve, Hales was accepted by the church as a prophet, seer, and revelator. He was the seventh most senior apostle among the ranks of the church. He was born in New York City.

Hales died on October 1, 2017 at a hospital in Salt Lake City, Utah at the age of 85.



Richard G. Scott

Richard Gordon Scott (November 7, 1928 – September 22, 2015) was an American nuclear engineer and a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He was the sixth most senior apostle among the ranks of the church.


Teaneck, New Jersey

Teaneck is a township in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. It is a suburb in the New York metropolitan area. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 41,246.

Michael Alfred Peszke

Michael Alfred Peszke (19 December 1932 – 17 May 2015) was a Polish-American psychiatrist and historian of the Polish Armed Forces in World War II. He published several monographs on the Polish Armed Forces in the West between the 1990s and 2010s.

Peszke was born in Dęblin, the son of Alfred Bartłomiej Peszke. After the outbreak of World War II and the Nazi and Soviet invasion of Poland, he and his parents evacuated to France and the United Kingdom. He was also educated in Ireland. He later moved to the United States in the 1950s. He was married to Alice and had two children.

Peszke died on 17 May 2015 in Wakefield, Rhode Island. He was 83.

Tubo-ovarian abscess

A tubo-ovarian abscess is an infection of the female ovary and fallopian tube. It is a pus-filled ovary and Fallopian tube that is filled with infection. This type of abscess is caused by an untreated sexually transmitted disease. It can be a complication after surgery to remove the uterus.

When a woman has this abcess, she has a fever, signs of infection in her blood, severe pain in her pelvic area. She may also have a vaginal discharge. Many different kinds of bacteria can cause tubo-ovarian abscess. Tubo-ovarian abscess is rare in virgins.

The symptoms of tubo-ovarian abscess are the same as pelvic inflammatory disease. The abscess can be seen with x-rays and other medical equipment. The bacteria that cause gonorrhea can cause tubo-ovarian abscess. The microorganism that causes a Chlamidia infection can cause tubo-ovarian abscess. Other bacteria can cause tubo-ovarian abscess Using an IUD for a long time can cause TOA.

The abcess can rupture filling the abdomen with the infection. This is an emergency and a woman can die if this ruptured abscess is not treated quickly. A blood infection can happen if the abscess is not treated. Sometimes an inter uteran device, a form of birth control can cause the abcess.

Some things make a woman more likely to get this disease. These things are: sexual activity, increased age, IUD insertion, chlamydia infection, bacterial infection, sexually transmitted disease. This disease is cured by treatment with medicine that will kill the bacteria that are causing the infection. Some doctors will use intravenous antibiotics for least 24 hours. Some women with this infection have to go to the hospital. Sometimes surgery has to be done. After being in the hospital, medicine can be taken by mouth that will continue to cure the infection. Patients are checked by a doctor three days after being in the hospital. They then get another check up one to two weeks later to make sure that the infection is cured.

Sometimes this infection is complicated. In some cases the ovary and fallopian tubes have to be taken out. Without ovaries or Fallopian tubes a woman may not be able to have a baby. There are other things that can happen during surgery that result in a bad outcome. But this is true for all surgeries.

One million women get tubo-ovarian abscess every year.

Grand Bazaar

The Grand Bazaar (, meaning ‘Grand Bazaar’) in Istanbul, Turkey is one of the largest and oldest covered markets in the world. It has 61 covered streets. There are more than 3,000 shops. As of 2014, there were no official statistics about the number of shops in the Bazaar. But it varies between 3,000 and 4,000. The bazaar attracts between 250,000 and 400,000 visitors daily. In 2013, it is listed as number one among the world's most-visited tourist attractions with 91,250,000 annual visitors.

The bazaar was built in Ottoman times by Mehmet the Conquerer. It was grown by Suleiman the Magnificent. The Grand Bazaar occupies . There were hammams, inns, mosques and fountains in bazaar.
The Grand Bazaar is located inside the walled city of Istanbul. It is in the district of Fatih, in the neighbourhood bearing the same name, "()".

Geraldine Chaplin

Geraldine Leigh Chaplin (born 31 July 1944) is an American-born British actress. She is the daughter of Charlie Chaplin and Oona O'Neill.

She is best known for her 1965 Golden Globe nominated role of Tonya in David Lean's movie, "Doctor Zhivago". She received her second Golden Globe nomination for Robert Altman's "Nashville" in 1975. She also acted in his other movies, "Buffalo Bill and the Indians, or Sitting Bull's History Lesson" in 1976 and "A Wedding" in 1978. 

She received a BAFTA nomination for her role in "Welcome to L.A." in 1976. She played her grandmother, Hannah Chaplin in the movie, "Chaplin" in 1992 and received her third Golden Globe nomination. She has also acted in "The Age of Innocence" in 1993, "Home for the Holidays" in 1995, and "Jane Eyre" in 1996. 

When Chaplin was eight years old, she acted in her father's movie "Limelight". She studied at the Royal Ballet School, in hopes of becoming a ballet dancer. When that did not work out, she became an actress instead.

David Lean chose her to play Tonya, the wife of the leading role, in his movie "Doctor Zhivago". In an interview about the movie, she said "Because of my name, the right doors opened."

In 1967, she acted in a famous play in the Broadway theatre, Lillian Hellman's "The Little Foxes". Her performance was praised in a review in "The New York Times". Cliff Barnes wrote that Chaplin "acts with spirit and force," all the while "acting with a magnificently raw-voiced sincerity" in what was a performance of "surprising power."

Chaplin has also acted in several Spanish and French films. She received a Goya Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in a Spanish-Argentine movie, "In the City Without Limits" in 2001.

In 2018, she starred as Iris in "".

Geraldine Chaplin was born in Santa Monica, California. She was the fourth child of the movie star Charlie Chaplin. She was the first of his eight children with his fourth and last wife, Oona O'Neill. Her grandfather was the Nobel Prize and Pulitzer Prize winning American playwright Eugene O'Neill. When Geraldine was eight years old, the family moved to Switzerland, where she went to school. This is where she learned to speak both French and Spanish. 

In 1978 the Chaplin family were the victims of a plot by kidnappers who had stolen the body of Charlie Chaplin for ransom. Geraldine negotiated with the kidnappers, who threatened to shoot her baby son in the knees.

After living in Spain for over 25 years, Chaplin left in 1992 because of personal difficulties. She moved back to her family home in Vevey, Switzerland. 
She married Patricio Castilla in 2006. She has two children and a godson: She has a home beside the beach in Miami and also spends time living in Madrid and Switzerland.


Santiago del Estero

Santiago del Estero is the capital of the Santiago del Estero Province in northern Argentina. It is at a distance of north-northwest from Buenos Aires.

Francisco de Aguirre founded the city in its present location on 23 December 1553; he named the city "Santiago" after Saint James and "Estero" because it was close to a lagoon near the Dulce river.

The city is along the Dulce river in a region with "esteros" (wetlands). The altitude of the city is above sea level.

Santiago del Estero has an area of and a population of 252,192, in 2010, for a population density of inhabitants/km.

Santiago del Estero has an arid climate, subtype Bsh in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Santiago del Estero is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is June, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Santiago del Estero is . The month with the most precipitation on average is January with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is July with an average of .

Some interesting places in San Miguel de Tucumán are:

Santiago del Estero is twinned with:


Nicholas Liverpool

Nicholas Joseph Orville Liverpool (9 September 1934 – 1 June 2015) was a Dominican politician and jurist. He was the sixth President of Dominica, from 2 October 2003 to 17 September 2012.

Liverpool died on 1 June 2015 in Miami, Florida from a heart attack, where he was receiving medical treatment, aged 80.


Lucien Bouchard

Lucien Bouchard (; born December 22, 1938) is a Canadian retired lawyer, diplomat, politician and former Minister of the Environment of the Canadian Federal Government.

He was the founder and the first leader of the Bloc Québécois from 1991 to 1996, Leader of the Opposition in the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 1996, and leader of the Parti Québécois from 1996 to 2001. He served as the 27th Premier of Quebec from January 29, 1996, to March 8, 2001.

He became a central figure for the "Yes" side in the 1995 Quebec referendum, alongside the then Premier of Quebec and leader of the Parti Québécois, Jacques Parizeau, whom he succeeded. He is a recipient of the title of "Commander" of the Légion d'Honneur.

Bouchard was born in Saint-Cœur-de-Marie, Québec. He was the son of Alice (née Simard) and Philippe Bouchard. He studied at Université Laval. Bouchard married Solange Dugas in May 2013.

Winterset, Iowa

Winterset is a city in Madison County, Iowa, United States. The population was 5,353 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Madison County.
Winterset is part of the Des Moines − West Des Moines Metropolitan Statistical Area. Winterset is the birthplace of actor John Wayne.

Stuart Whitman

Stuart Maxwell Whitman (February 1, 1928 – March 16, 2020) was an American actor. He is known for playing Marshall Jim Crown in the television Western "Cimarron Strip", co-starred with John Wayne in "The Comancheros" and received top billing in the extravagant aviation epic "Those Magnificent Men in Their Flying Machines"


Alberto De Martino

Alberto De Martino (12 June 1929 – 2 June 2015) was an Italian movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Rome, Italy. He was known for his movies "O.K. Connery", "Holocaust 2000", and "The Pumaman".


Jean Ritchie

Jean Ritchie (December 8, 1922 – June 1, 2015) was an American folk music singer, songwriter, and Appalachian dulcimer player. Elektra records signed her and released three albums: "Jean Ritchie Sings" (1952), "Songs of Her Kentucky Mountain Family" (1957) and "A Time for Singing" (1962). Ritchie was born in Viper, Kentucky.

Ritchie died in Berea, Kentucky, aged 92.


Irwin Rose

Irwin A. Rose (July 16, 1926 – June 2, 2015) was an American biologist. He was awarded the 2004 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, along with Aaron Ciechanover and Avram Hershko, for the discovery of ubiquitin-mediated protein degradation.

Rose was born in Brooklyn, New York to a Jewish family. He was married to Zelda Budenstein and had four children.

Rose died on June 2, 2015 in Deerfield, Massachusetts, aged 88.

First Dynasty of Egypt

The First Dynasty of ancient Egypt were the first group of Egyptian kings to rule over a united country. It began when Upper and Lower Egypt were joined as a single country, probably by Narmer. It is the beginning of the Early Dynastic Period of Egypt. At this time Thinis was the centre of power.

Historians argue about the dates of the First Dynasty which was part of the Early Bronze Age. They use a number of different ways to decide on the dates for events in Egypt. It began sometime between 3400 and 3000 BC. In 2013 radiocarbon dating showed that Hor-Aha began ruling between 3218–3035 BC.
Known rulers of the First Dynasty:
Information about the First Dynasty comes from monuments and other objects with royal names. The most important are the Narmer palette, the Narmer Macehead and the Den and Qa'a king lists. No details of the dynasty have been found except for brief entry on the Palermo Stone. Manetho's book, "Aegyptiaca" is different to the archeological evidence and other historical records. Manetho names nine rulers of the First Dynasty, but only one name matches the other sources. He only has information for four of them. The hieroglyphs were fully developed and would be used with little change for more than 3000 years.

Large tombs for pharaohs have been found at Abydos and Naqada. There are also cemeteries at Saqqara and Helwan near Memphis. These had buildings of wood and mud bricks, with some small use of stone for walls and floors. Stone was used for making ornaments, vessels, and sometimes for statues. Tamarix – tamarisk, salt cedar was used to build boats such as the Abydos Boats. They invented the ﬁxed Mortise and tenon joint. A ﬁxed tenon was made by shaping the end of one timber to ﬁt into a mortise (hole) that is cut into a second timber. A variation of this joint, using a free tenon, became one of the most important features in Mediterranean and Egyptian shipbuilding. It joined two pieces of wood by putting a separate tenon into a hole (mortise) of the same size cut into each piece.

Human sacrifice was part of the burials for all the pharaohs of the First Dynasty. Servants were buried near each pharaoh's tomb, as well as animals. There are 338 people buried at the tomb of Djer. The people and animals sacrificed, such as donkeys, would help the pharaoh in the afterlife. For unknown reasons, this practice ended with this dynasty. Later burials had shabtis (small figures like dolls) taking the place of actual people.


Manetho

Manetho was an ancient Egyptian historian and priest from Sebennytos. He lived during the Ptolemaic era, in about 300 BC.

Manetho wrote the "Aegyptiaca" ("History of Egypt"). His book is used by Egyptologists to work out the dates for events in ancient Egypt. The earliest reference to Manetho's "Aegyptiaca" is in Jewish historian Josephus's book, "Against Apion".

We do not know what Manetho's name means, some suggestions are "Gift of Thoth", "Beloved of Thoth", "Truth of Thoth", "Beloved of Neith", or "Lover of Neith", "Myinyu-heter" ("Horseherd" or "Groom") and "Ma'ani-Djehuti" ("I have seen Thoth").

We do not know when he was born or died. His book may have been written during the rule of Ptolemy I Soter (323–283 BC) and Ptolemy II Philadelphus (285–246 BC). The "Hibeh Papyri", dated to 241/40 BC, suggests he may been writing during the rule of Ptolemy III Euergetes (246–222 BC). He wrote in the Greek language. Other works he wrote include "Against Herodotus", "The Sacred Book", "On Antiquity and Religion", "On Festivals", "On the Preparation of Kyphi", and the "Digest of Physics". The "Book of Sothis" on astrology, may also be written by him.

He was probably a priest of the sun god Ra at Heliopolis. He knew a lot about the cult of Sarapis based on Osiris and Apis. Sarapis was a Greco-Macedonian version of the Egyptian cult dating back to Alexander the Great. Tacitus and Plutarch wrote that Ptolemy (probably Ptolemy Soter) imported a statue of the god.

The "Aegyptiaca", the "History of Egypt", may have been Manetho's largest work. It was in date order and divided into three volumes. In "Aegyptiaca", he invented the word "dynasty" to mean a group of kings with a common origin. It came from the Greek word "dynasteia", meaning "governmental power". He was the first person to group the rulers into dynasties. He did not use the word to mean families. He began a new dynasty when there was a break or change in the power of government. For example, there was a break between the Fourth Dynasty in Memphis, and the Fifth Dynasty at Elephantine. He included details of many of the kings.

"Aegyptiaca" may have been written as an Egyptian history, to be more accurate than Herodotus' "Histories". Hiis other book, "Against Herodotus", may be just have been a short version of "Aegyptiaca". There are no original copies of either book.

"Aegyptiaca" has not survived as a complete book. It is very possible that what has been kept was rewritten by other writers to support their Egyptian, Jewish, or Greek histories. This makes it difficult for modern historians to know how reliable it is as a history.

The earliest mention of Manetho is in Josephus' "Contra Apionem" ("Against Apion"). This was written nearly 400 years after "Aegyptiaca". It is clear that Josephus did not have the original of Manethos' book. At about the same time, a short version, the Epitome, of the book was being used. This kept Manetho's brief list of dynasties and a some parts that were seen as important. For example, it had that the first Dynasty, Menes, "was snatched and killed by a hippopotamus". It is not known if any of the short version is Manetho's original writing. Copies were written by Sextus Julius Africanus and Eusebius of Caesarea. Eusebius's copy was used by Jerome in his Latin translation, an Armenian translation, and by George Syncellus. Syncellus saw that the copies by Eusebius and Africanus were almost the same, so he placed them side by side in his work, "Ecloga Chronographica".

These last four copies are the only copies of the epitome of Manetho. Other sections are in Malalas's "Chronographia" and "Excerpta Latina Barbari" ("Excerpts in Bad Latin").

Manetho used lists of kings to provide a structure for his history. Josephus wrote that Manetho also used stories, myths and legends for his book. This was common among historians of that time. He must have known the Greek work of Herodotus. He tried to link Egyptian history with Greek history. For example, he links King Memnon with Amenophis, and Armesis with Danaos). It is possible that these links may have been the work of later writers. We do know he could write in the Greek language.

The king-list that Manetho used is unknown. The Turin King List is the one that is the most similar. The oldest source to compare with Manetho are the "Old Kingdom Annals" (c. 2500-2200 BC). There are also the Karnak king list, two at Abydos and the Saqqara list.

The "Old Kingdom Annals" only survive on the Palermo Stone. There are many differences between the stone and Manetho. The stone stops at the fifth dynasty. It includes the early kings of Lower Egypt and kings of Upper Egypt. Manetho lists several Greek and Egyptian gods beginning with Hephaistos and Helios. The "Annals" also give annual reports of the activities of the kings.

The New Kingdom lists left out some rulers. The list prepared for Seti I, has 76 kings from the First Dynasties to the Fourteenth, but leave out the Hyksos rulers and those linked to Akhenaten. The Saqqara list also does not include them in its list of 58 names. These names were left out for religious, rather than political reasons. If Manetho used these lists at all, he would have been unable to get all of his information from them.

The Turin King List was probably a government, rather than a religious document. It would not have needed to leave out kings for religious reasons. These sort of documents must have been available to Manetho. As a priest he would have had access to all written materials in the temple.

Manetho's list was probably from Lower Egypt. He included kings from the Third Intermediate Period, even such short-lived kings like Amenemnisu (5 years) and Osochor (6 years). But he left out the kings from Thebes, such as Osorkon III, Takelot III, Harsiese A and Pinedjem I and kings from Middle Egypt like Peftjaubast of Herakleopolis. Manetho's information must have come from a local city's temple library in the River Nile Delta. The Middle and Upper Egyptian Pharaohs did not control this part of the Delta; which is why they are left out of Manetho's king-list.

By the Middle Kingdom, Egyptian kings each had five different names. These were the "Horus" name; the "Two Ladies" name; the "Gold Horus" name; the "praenomen" or "throne name"; and a "nomen", the personal name given at birth (also called a "Son of Ra" name as it was preceded by "Sa Re'"). Some Pharaohs also had more than one of these names. For example, Ramesses II used six Horus names at various times. We do not know if Manetho knew about the different names of rulers long past. Not all the different names for each king have been discovered, and it maybe that the kings were known by other names as well as the official names. Because Manetho translated the names into Greek, we do not know the original Egyptian name.

Volume 1 begins from the earliest times. It lists gods and demigods as kings of Egypt. Stories of Isis, Osiris, Set, or Horus might have been found here. The book then lists kings from the First Dynasty I to the Eleventh Dynasty. This would have included the Old Kingdom, the First Intermediate Period, and the early Middle Kingdom.

Volume 2 covers Twelfth Dynasty to the Nineteenth. This includes the end of the Middle Kingdom and the Second Intermediate Period (XV–XVII—the Hyksos invasion), and the start of the New Kingdom. Josephus believed the Hyksos or "shepherd-kings" were the ancient Israelites who made their way out of Egypt ("Apion" 1.82–92).

Volume 3 starts with the Twentieth Dynasty and ends with the Thirtieth.

Egyptologists still use Manetho's way of grouping the pharaohs into dynasties. The French explorer and Egyptologist, Jean-François Champollion, had a copy of Manetho's lists to help him read the hieroglyphs. Modern histories now use both the modern translation of names and Manetho's version.



Chapakot Municipality

Chapakot is a municipality in the southeastern part of Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal. It is in the western region of Nepal. On 18 May 2014, the new municipality was formed by merging three existing villages. These were Ratnapur, Kuwakot and Chapakot. The office of the new municipality is the former Chapakot village development committee (VDC).

At the time of the 2011 Nepal census, Chapakot village had a population of 4,702. It had 1087 individual households. But now the total population is 12,742. There are now 2,902 individual households. It is on a plain surrounded by hills. To the east of Chapakot was Ratnapur VDC. To the west was Kuwakot VDC. The Kali Gandaki divides it from Palpa District to the south. To the north is Keware Bhanjyang.


The Next Step (2013 TV series)

The Next Step is a TV Program about a dance studio. It is filmed in Canada.


Black-headed parrot

The black-headed parrot is "Pionites melanocephalus". It lives in forests, most often in humid places, and nearby wooded habitats. They are known as 'caiques'.

The bird is widespread in South America, and has two subspecies which are very similar. It lives north of the Amazon River and west of the Ucayali River in Brazil, northern Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. It is quite common and lives in many protected areas.

They are usually in pairs or small noisy groups of 10 to 30. They eat flowers, fruit, and seeds and possibly insects. Males and females look the same: they have identical plumage.

Oliver Wallace

Oliver George Wallace (August 6, 1887 – September 15, 1963) was an English-born American composer and conductor. He scored 139 animated short movies for Walt Disney Studios. He also wrote scores for several Disney documentaries, and feature movies. Wallace worked for Disney studios for 27 years. He died in a Burbank, California hospital on September, 15, 1963. 

In 1941 Wallace won an Oscar for scoring the music for the animated movie "Dumbo". In 2008 he was honored with a Disney Legends award.

Wallace stated composers like Claude Debussy, Richard Wagner, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Max Steiner, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, Richard Strauss, Thomas Tallis, Hamilton Harty, Jan Kubelík and Carl Nielsen as influences.

Vaginal flora

Vaginal flora or microbiota are tiny microorganisms that are part of the healthy reproductive organs in a woman. Humans have many very small organisms that are a normal part of the human body. These microorgansims can only be seen with a microscope. These organisms are bacteria and fungi. Almost all of them do not cause sickness, but it is still normal to have them inside or outside the body. 

These small microorganisms are called microbiota by researchers. There are microbiota in the stomach, the skin, the mouth, the eyes, and microbiota in the vagina. The microbiota in humans help to stop infections caused by other bacteria. Vaginal microbiota help keep the vagina healthy. They help prevent infection caused other bacteria. Bacteria that cause sickness or infection are called pathogens. The normal vaginal microbiota stop pathogens from growing.

When a woman sees a doctor because she has fluid coming out of her vagina, the doctor might test the woman for bacteria pathogens. Pathogens can grow too fast. They can grow faster than the normal and healthy vaginal microbiota. An infection can make fluid come out of the vagina. This is called vaginal discharge. A good and healthy bacteria that keeps the vagina free from sickness is called Lactobacillus. There other good bacteria that keep the vagina healthy. Some of their names are: Peptostreptococcus, Propionibacterium, and Actinomyces.

If a woman catches a sexually transmitted disease, it will change the vaginal microbiota. The healthy vaginal microbiota can not stop or cure a sexually transmitted infection.


Alexander Gould

Alexander Jerome Gould (born May 4, 1994) is an American actor and voice actor. He is best known for voicing Nemo in "Finding Nemo", Twitch in "How to Eat Fried Worms" and Shane Botwin in "Weeds".

He was born in Los Angeles, California on May 4, 1994. His parents are Tom Gould and Valerie Gould. He has two sisters, Emma Gould, and Kelly Gould. Both are also actors. Gould has been an actor since the age of two. He had roles in the Television Series' Malcolm in the Middle and Ally McBeal. He voiced the title character, Nemo, in the animated movie "Finding Nemo". He also starred in How to Eat Fried Worms. He received a Young Artist Award for each. He won his third Young Artist Award in the Showtime series "Weeds".

Fernando de Araújo (East Timorese politician)

Fernando de Araújo (26 February 1963 – 2 June 2015) was an East Timorese politician. He was the President of the National Parliament from 8 August 2007 until 30 July 2012. He also served as the acting President of East Timor from 13 February until 17 April 2008.

Araújo was born in Manutaci, Ainaro District, in what was then Portuguese Timor. At the age of 12, he witnessed all 18 members of his family massacred by the Indonesian Army. He studied literature in Bali, Indonesia. He was married to Jacqueline Aquino Siapno of Dagupan City, Philippines.

Araújo died from a cerebral infarction on 2 June 2015 in Dili, aged 52.

Kirill Pokrovsky

Kirill Vladimirovich Pokrovsky (; 25 March 1962 – 1 June 2015) was a Russian composer and performer. He wrote the soundtrack for the "Divinity" series of video games produced by Larian Studios. He was born in Moscow.

Pokrovsky died on 1 June 2015 in Belgium, aged 53.

Slim Richey

Michael "Slim" Richey (February 11, 1938 – May 31, 2015) was an American guitarist, fiddle player, bandleader and publisher. He was known for his long white beard and electric guitar style on jazz, swing and country music. He called himself "the most dangerous guitar player in Texas". He began his career in 1960 and worked with artists such as Kat Edmonson, the Jazz Pharoahs, and the Jitterbug Vipers. He was born in Austin, Texas.

Richey died from lymphoma on May 31, 2015 in Austin, aged 77.

Gerald Götting

Gerald Götting (9 June 1923 – 19 May 2015) was a German politician. He was the East German President of the People's Chamber from 12 May 1969 until 29 October 1976.

Götting was born in Nietleben, Province of Saxony, now part of Halle, Saxony-Anhalt. During World War II, he served in the Reichsarbeitsdienst and later in the Wehrmacht. He was briefly held as a prisoner of war by U.S. forces in 1945.

Götting died after a long illness on 19 May 2015 in Berlin, aged 91.

Alan Bond

Alan Bond (22 April 1938 – 5 June 2015) was a British-born Australian businessman.

Bond was known for his role in the WA Inc scandals of the 1980s. He was also known for bankrolling challenges for the yachting trophy the America's Cup. Because of this he won the Australian of the Year in 1978, along with Galarrwuy Yunupingu. He finally won the trophy in 1983, which had been held by the New York Yacht Club since 1851. In 1987, he paid $1 billion for the Nine television network from Kerry Packer's PBL, before selling the network back to PBL in 1990 for $250 million. In 1997, he was sentenced to seven years in prison for fraud, and was released in 2000.

Bond was born in Hammersmith, London, England. He moved to Western Australia in 1950 at the age of 12. He was married to Eileen Hughes from 1955 until their divorce in 1992. He was later married to Diana Bliss from 1995 until her suicide in 2012. He had four children.

Bond suffered issues after open heart surgery and was put into an induced coma on 2 June 2015 at a Perth hospital. Bond died on 5 June 2015 after surgical complications at the age of 77.

Bill Shorten

William Richard "Bill" Shorten (born 12 May 1967) is an Australian politician. He was the Leader of the Labor Party and Leader of the Opposition from 13 October 2013 to 30 May 2019.

Shorten was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He is of English and Irish ancestry. He has been married twice and has a daughter. He is a Catholic.

Shorten lost to become Prime Minister of Australia in the 2016 federal election to Malcolm Turnbull and again in the 2019 election to Scott Morrison. After his 2019 defeat, Shorten said he would step down as party leader. He was replaced by Anthony Albanese.

In June 2022, Shorten became Minister for Government Services and Minister for the National Disability Insurance Scheme in the Albanese government.

Bashi Channel

The Bashi Channel is a waterway between Taiwan and the Philippines. It is part of the Luzon Strait in the Pacific Ocean. It lies between Y'Ami Island of the Philippines and Orchid Island of Taiwan. The Philippines call Orchrid Island Botel Tobago. Many undersea cables use this channel. It is also important for military operations. Both Taiwan and the Philippines say the channel belongs to them.

Undersea cable

An undersea cable or submarine communications cable is a cable that is laid in the sea or in waterways. Usually such cables either carry electricity or they are used for telecommunication. Cables longer than about use direct current, because the loss is too big with alternating current. Such cables are also built in a very rugged way.

Free! (anime)

Free! Iwatobi Swim Club is a Japanese anime based on swimming. 

The main story is about four boys on a swim team. The boys were on a swim team together in elementary and middle school and were split up before high school. Two of the boys, Haruka Nanase and Makoto Tachibana were reunited by fate to both attend Iwatobi High School. Luckily for them, when the new arrival of first years came, the third member from their original swim team Nagisa Hazuki also arrived to Iwatobi High School. Haruka and Makoto were astonished to be reunited with another friend of theirs, however something was missing. The final member to their childhood swim team, Rin Matsouka. Rin had been studying abroad in Australia and recently came back to Japan to go to high school at Samezuka Academy. When Haruka, Makoto, and Nagisa all caught up, they run into the younger sister of their old friend Rin, Gou Matsouka, who fills the boys in about Rin's whereabouts and goals. They are all determined and decide to start their own swim club to have the opportunity to see Rin once more. With Gou as the manager and Makoto as the captain, the Iwatobi Swim Club needed one more thing to complete their team, a fourth member. The boys advertised everywhere however no one wanted to join. Until one day, Nagisa had stumbled across a first year who had a similarity with he and the other two boys on the team, he had a girly name.

Disney Legends

Disney Legends Awards are given to individuals whose work has made significant contributions to The Walt Disney Company. The award was created in 1987. It was designed to honor those employees whose accomplishments have helped create Disney magic. More than 200 people have received the Disney Legends award. A selection committee chooses who will receive the award. It is given out at a special ceremony.

<br>

Carrie (horror series)

Carrie is a horror series by Stephen King and released from 1974-2013.



Aviacsa

Aviacsa was a Mexican airline. It started operations in 1990. Aviacsa was a low-cost carrier based in Mexico City. In 2009 the Mexican government refused to allow Aviacsa to fly because of safety concerns. Aviacsa appealed the decision in court. Meanwhile, the FAA removed Aviacia's airworthiness certificate in the United States until it could resolve the safety issues in Mexico. Aviacsa ceased operations in July 2009. It was sold to the Madero Group in 2010. In 2011, Aviacsa was going to start flying again. However, it didn't happen because the airline owed a lot of money to the Mexican Government. Aviacsa stopped all operations for good on May 4, 2011. Interjet took over many of Aviacsa's old routes.

Ahmed Zewail

Ahmed Zewail (1946-2016) was an Egyptian chemist. He invented femtochemistry and won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for 1999. 

Chemical reactions were once thought impossible to measure, because they happen in only a few femtoseconds. His Nobel award was for using laser technology to measure extremely fast chemical reactions. The laser technology showed how molecules changed during the reaction. He was on the scientific advisory team for the President. Zewail encouraged basic Egyptian education and knowledge.



Daniel James Jr.

Daniel James, Jr. (February 11th, 1920 – February 25th, 1978) was the first African-American four-star general officer in the United States military. He received his pilot training with the Tuskegee airmen during World War II. He flew planes during the Korean, and Vietnam Wars. He was a flight instructor in the United States Air Force. On receiving his fourth star he became commander-in-chief of the North American Aerospace Defense Command in 1975. 
He died of a heart attack February 25th, 1978 in Colorado Springs, Colorado. On March 2, 1978, General James was buried at Arlington National Cemetery with full military honors. His widow, Dorothy W. James, died on May 2, 2000, in San Antonio, Texas. She is buried next to General James at Arlington.

James won the following awards (Each oak leaf cluster and service stars represents one additional award):

<br>

Misty Copeland

Misty Copeland (born September 10, 1982) is a ballet dancer for American Ballet Theatre (ABT). She made history in 2007 as the third African American to be promoted to the rank of soloist in two decades. She is the fourth African-American soloist, and the first in two decades with ABT.

On June 30, 2015, Copeland became the first African American woman to be promoted to principal dancer in ABT's 75-year history 

She starred as Odette in George Balanchine's Swan Lake. Copeland is considered a prodigy because she rose to stardom despite not starting ballet until the age of 13. She is the fourth African-American soloist, and the first in two decades with ABT.

The ABT is one of the three leading classical ballet companies in the United States.


Qubool Hai

Qubool Hai (English: "I Accept") is a soap opera on Zee TV. The show tells about the Muslim community. It wants to break stereotypes about Islam.

The program has received praise for leading the way for more TV shows about Muslim culture and family life. It was produced by 4 Lions Films and by Divine Multimedia.

The program uses both drama and romance. It tells about the lives of three characters, Zoya, Ayaan and Asad. The three are really different from each other but their lives have been brought together by fate. Producer Gul Khan said, "The show is about a journey of life, its trials and tribulations and acceptance of one's fate. It is said that God gives us the strength to change what we can and the courage to accept what we can't".

The story usually takes place in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, India. It moved to Punjab, India for a month in April 2014. This was because the story jumped ahead 20 years to tell about the life of Asad and Zoya's daughter, Sanam. Production was back in Bhopal in May 2014, because Sanam went back to the city where her mother and father lived.

The program is still airing in June 2015, and has shown more than 680 episodes. With so many episodes and character changes, a number of different actors have played the various roles. The Show ended After 856 Episodes. It was one of the longest Indian soap opera running in this period.



Marissa Mayer

Marissa Mayer was the president and CEO of Yahoo! until 2017. She started as the head of the company in 2012.

Mayer went to college at Stanford University. She studied computer science there. After college, she went to Google in 1999 as the first female engineer when she was 24 years old. She worked at Google until 2012.

When she went to Yahoo!, the company was losing money. She helped them improve. During her first year, their stock prices increased by 75%. 


Wilma Mankiller

Wilma Pearl Mankiller (Cherokee: ᎠᏥᎳᏍᎩ ᎠᏍᎦᏯᏗᎯ; November 18`, 1945 – April 6, 2010) Was the first female principal chief of a major Native American tribe. Mankiller dedicated her life to aid the advancement and recognition of the Cherokee Nation, a Native American tribe based in Oklahoma. In 1977, she was elected to be deputy principal chief of the Cherokee Nation. She eventually replaced her boss as the Principal Cherokee chief, the main leader of the Cherokee. She was officially elected as chief 1987. During her time as chief, many Cherokee became official members of the Nation. Her administration brought great improvements in healthcare, jobs, and education for the Cherokee Nation. Mankiller also founded the Institute for Cherokee Literacy, which serves to preserve Cherokee traditions and culture. In 1993, she became a member of the National Women’s Hall of Fame for her accomplishments. In 1998, she was presented with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. The Presidential Medal of Freedom is one of the highest honors a citizen of the United States can receive. Mankiller died on April 6, 2010 of Pancreatic Cancer.

Vivienne Tam

Vivienne Tam (, born 28 November 1957) is a fashion designer. The clothing she makes are a cross between Chinese and American cultures. This is important because most of the successful fashion designers were either American or French.


Avi Beker

Avi Beker (3 May 1951 – 4 June 2015) was an Israeli writer, statesman, and academic. Beker served as the Secretary General of the World Jewish Congress from 2001 to 2003. He was born in Tel Aviv.

Beker died on 4 June 2015 of cancer, aged 64.

Leonid Plyushch

Leonid Plyushch (Ukrainian: Плющ Леонід Іванович; 26 April 1938 – 4 June 2015) was a Ukrainian mathematician and Soviet dissident. Plyushch became a dissident by taking a public stance on political hot topics of the time. He was arrested in January 1972 on charges of anti-Soviet activity, and was jailed for a year before his trial began.

Plyushch was born into a Ukrainian working-class family in 1938 in Naryn, Kirghizia. He died on 4 June 2015 in France, aged 77.


Sybil Ludington

Sybil Ludington (April 5, 1761 – February 26, 1839) was a heroine of the American Revolutionary War. She was the daughter of Colonel Henry Ludington. In 1773 he joined the rebel cause. He was the colonel of the local regiment. Sybil Ludington became famous for her night ride on April 26, 1777 to alert American colonial forces to the approach of the British Regulars. Her action was similar to the ride of Paul Revere. She rode more than twice the distance of Revere. She was only 16 years old at the time of her ride. 

Molly Pitcher

Molly Pitcher is a legend from the Revolutionary War. She was bringing pitchers of water to men working a cannon. When one of the men fell down, she fired the cannon herself.

Historians do not think there was a real person named "Molly Pitcher" in the Revolutionary War. Most historians agree it was a nickname. They think the story of Molly Pitcher may have come from more than one real woman who fired a cannon. Many of the battles were fought on hot days, and soldiers would ask for a pitcher of water to drink or to cool the cannons. Molly was a common woman's nickname at the time.

Stories about the American Revolution were first told by talking out loud instead of writing them down. This allowed the storyteller to make things sound bigger than they were or even make up things that did not happen at all. Some stories are still told, long after professional historians prove they are not true. 

The story of Molly Pitcher may have come from more than one real person. Many women helped soldiers on the battlefields during the Revolutionary war. Most were wives and daughters of soldiers. According to the legend, "Molly Pitcher" brought water to a group of soldiers firing a cannon during a battle. One of those soldiers was her husband. She brought water many times. When she came to bring water one time, she saw her husband had been shot. Molly took his place and helped fire the cannon. The Battle of Monmouth is probably where the legend started. 

Her story was started many years after the war by writers and artists. A Currier and Ives print of a "Captain Molly" appeared in 1848. The first writing about Molly Pitcher was in 1859. It wasn't until 1876 that someone published a genealogy claiming a local woman was the real Molly Pitcher. After that, the idea of Molly Pitcher grew and grew.

Today, Molly Pitcher is famous. She is in grade-school and high-school textbooks. Internet sources even argue whether Molly Pitcher was a feminist.

Most legends start with some small truth. Molly Pitcher is no exception. There are several women who might have been the real Molly Pitcher, or it might have been all of them together:

The Revolutionary war had many small fights and only a few large battles. It was not unusual for women to be fight. Women filled many roles that most people thought were only done by men.

Joseph Plumb Martin was a soldier in the Continental Army. He wrote down of his experiences. This came to the attention of historians in the 1950s. Martin describes a woman at the Battle of Monmouth:


Marksmanship Ribbon

A Marksmanship Ribbon is an award by the United States Navy, Air Force, and Coast Guard. It is awarded to service members who achieve an above-average score on a weapons qualification course. Also, there are select State National Guard organizations that award marksmanship ribbons for high placement in state-level marksmanship competitions.

The U.S. Navy has issued two marksmanship ribbons: the "Navy Pistol Marksmanship Ribbon" and "Navy Rifle Marksmanship Ribbon", since 1920. The pistol ribbon is awarded for qualification on the Beretta M9 9mm pistol. The rifle ribbon is awarded for qualification on the M14 and M16 rifle variants.

The Navy issues the marksmanship ribbon in three levels — that of Marksman, Sharpshooter, and Expert. The basic ribbon is awarded for the Marksman level. The specific Marksmanship Device is awarded for qualification as a Sharpshooter or Expert. Those receiving an Expert qualification receive the Marksmanship Medal in addition to the Marksmanship Ribbon.

Between 1942 and 1960, the Navy also issued ribbons known as the Distinguished Marksmanship Ribbons. These awards were declared obsolete by 1965.

The United States Air Force awards a single ribbon, known as the "Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Ribbon". It is for expert qualification on either the M-16 rifle, M-4 carbine or the individuals AFSC's (duty) designated pistol. The ribbon is issued in only one degree. But, a bronze service star may be worn on the ribbon for those who have qualified expert on both the service rifle and pistol. The ribbon was authorized by the Secretary of the Air Force on Aug. 28, 1962. It was awarded to all Air Force service members who qualified after Jan. 1, 1963. Prior to the ribbon, Air Force members were awarded with the United States Air Force Small Arms Marksmanship Certificate of Achievement (AF Form 1193 Jan 1961).

The Coast Guard Marksmanship Ribbons are issued under the same criteria as the U.S. Navy. But Coast Guardsmen use a .40 cal SIG Sauer P229R DAK pistol instead of the Navy's M9 pistol. The Coast Guard issues two ribbons. they are known as the "Coast Guard Pistol Marksmanship Ribbon" and the "Coast Guard Rifle Marksmanship Ribbon". The Marksmanship Device is awarded for qualification at the higher levels of sharpshooter and expert. Like the Navy, for those who receive an expert qualification, the Marksmanship Medal is awarded instead of the Marksmanship Ribbon.

Once a year, thousands of Army and Air National Guard shooters (champion marksmanship teams from each state) compete against each other at the Winston P. Wilson Rifle and Pistol Championships. In the Missouri National Guard, the top twelve guardsmen selected to represent their state at the Winston P. Wilson matches are awarded the Governor's Twelve Ribbon. This is worn on dress uniforms. Any guardsman who earns the award more than once wear Hawthorn Cluster Device(s) on top of the ribbon. In addition, these guardsman are awarded the Governor's Twelve Tab for wear on the combat uniform.
Similarly, the Adjutant General of Missouri awards the Adjutant General's Twenty Ribbon to soldiers and airmen. It is awarded to those who qualify among the top twenty competitors at the Missouri State Combat Matches conducted each year. They are the top eight combat rifle shooters, the top eight pistol shooters, the top two light machine gun teams, and the top two scout/sniper teams. In addition to this ribbon, these guardsman are also awarded the Adjutant General's Twenty Combat Badge for wear on the combat uniform.

Guardsmen are authorized to wear these ribbons as a permanent decoration on service dress uniforms, to the left of federal awards, when operating under Title 32 (state control) status. When federalized (Title 10), guardsman cannot wear these ribbons until they return to Title 32 status.

The U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps provide Weapons Qualification Badges instead of a Marksmanship Ribbon. For the services that award the Marksmanship Ribbon, re-qualification is not necessary once a service member has obtained the award. The ribbon may be worn throughout an individual's career. In the Navy and Coast Guard, the Marksmanship Ribbon may be upgraded with a Marksmanship Device if a higher qualification is achieved.

Claudette Colvin

Claudette Colvin was born on September 5, 1939, in Birmingham, Alabama. She grew up in Montgomery, Alabama. Colvin was arrested on March 2, 1955, for not giving up her seat to a white woman. She was 15 years old when this happened. Colvin was put on trial on several charges including violating the segregation ordinance. The court found her guilty. She was beaten up and ridiculed by white people after the incident. Colvin was placed on probation. Reverend Johnson bailed her out and when she got back home, everyone was so proud of her. In 1956, about one year after Colvin refused to give up her seat, her lawyer, Fred Gray, filed the landmark federal lawsuit: Browder v Gayle. This case stopped segregation on public transportation in Montgomery Alabama. Claudette’s incident was before Rosa Parks even though she isn’t acknowledged much. Around this time, Colvin was getting involved in the Youth Council of Montgomery of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). Even though they got a light sentence from the court, she was branded a troublemaker. She dropped out of college and could not find a job. Colvin moved to New York City in 1958. There she worked as a nurse assistant in a nursing home while living there. Colvin retired in 2004. She is currently 83 years old. Although she is relatively unknown, Colvin played an important part in the Civil rights movement.

<br>

TAT-1

TAT-1 (Transatlantic No. 1) was the first submarine transatlantic telephone cable system. It was laid between Oban, Scotland and Clarenville, Newfoundland. Two cables were laid between 1955 and 1956. One cable for each direction. It was inaugurated on September 25, 1956. The cable was able to carry 35 simultaneous telephone calls. A 36th channel was used to carry up to 22 telegraph lines.

The first transatlantic telegraph cable had been laid in 1858 (see Cyrus West Field). It only operated for a month, but was replaced with a successful connection in 1866. A radio-based transatlantic telephone service was started in 1927. It charged £9 for three minutes. A telephone cable was discussed at that time. But it was not practical until a number of technological advances arrived in the 1940s.

The developments that made TAT-1 possible were coaxial cable, polyethylene insulation, very reliable vacuum tubes for the submerged repeaters and an improvement in carrier equipment. Transistors were not used, being a recent invention of unknown longevity.

Tom Lewis (Australian politician)

Thomas Lancelot (Tom) Lewis AO (23 January 1922 – 25 April 2016) was a New South Wales politician. He served as Premier of New South Wales and Minister in the cabinets of Sir Robert Askin and Sir Eric Willis. He became Premier following Askin's retirement from politics and held the position until he was replaced by Willis in a party vote. Lewis was first elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for the Electoral district of Wollondilly for the Liberal Party of Australia from 1957 until his resignation in 1978.

Goff Letts

Godfrey Alan "Goff" Letts (18 January 1928 – 10 March 2023) was an Australian politician. He was the Majority Leader of the Northern Territory from 1974 to 1977.

James Armistead Lafayette

James Armistead Lafayette (December 10, 1760 – August 9, 1832) was an African American slave. He served in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War as a double agent. He served under the Marquis de Lafayette. He reported on the activities of Benedict Arnold after he had gone over to the British. He also reported on Lord Cornwallis just before the Battle of Yorktown. James gave the British false information on the Americans.

He was an African-American slave. He was owned by William Armistead of Virginia. James took his master's name and called himself James Armistead. James was born about 1748 in Virginia.During that time, the British had destroyed Richmond, Virginia. He lived in New Kent (36 minutes away from Richmond), which made him want to join even more.

After getting the consent of his master, he volunteered in 1781 to join the American army under the Marquis de Lafayette. The Marquis used him as a spy. Armistead posed as a runaway slave to the British. He joined the camp of Brigadier General Benedict Arnold the turncoat who was leading some British forces in the area. Pretending to be a spy for the British, Armistead gained Arnold's trust. Arnold used him to guide British troops through local roads. ""The ex-slave, who later renamed himself James Armistead Lafayette in the general's honor, served as a double agent against the british under the avowedly antislavery Lafayette."" 
After Arnold departed north in the spring of 1781, James went to the camp of Lord Charles Cornwallis. Again he posed as a runaway slave. He was given a job serving General Cornwallis. He moved frequently between British camps. In each case the officers would speak openly about their strategies in front of him. James kept this information in written reports. He gave these reports to other American spies. In this way he relayed much information about the British plans for troop movements and about their weapons. Cornwallis hired James to spy for the British. When he was sent to spy on the Americans he brought back an order for General Daniel Morgan to bring up all his reserves. Morgan didn't have any reserves, it was a false order. But it kept Cornwallis where he was leading to his defeat at the Battle of Yorktown. The intelligence reports from his espionage were also instrumental in helping to defeat the British.

After the war James had to return to his live as a slave. He was not eligible for emancipation under the Act of 1783 for slave-soldiers. Spies were not considered soldiers. When Lafayette returned to Virginia in 1784 he found out that James was still a slave. 
The Marquis de Lafayette wrote a letter to the Virginia legislature praising James and what he did.The quote said, “This is to certify that the bearer by the name of James has done essential services to me while I had the honour to command in this state. His intelligences from the enemy’s camp were industriously collected and faithfully delivered. He perfectly acquitted himself with some important commissions I gave him and appears to me entitled to every reward his situation can admit of.” -Lafayette. This won James his freedom and a pension. James took the name James Armistead Lafayette.

James, now James Armistead Lafayette, bought forty acres of land in Virginia and began farming. He married and had a large family. He died August 9, 1830 on his farm in New Kent County, Virginia.


Eric Neal

Sir Eric James Neal AC CVO FTSE HonFAIB (born 3 June 1924) is an Australian politician. He was the Governor of South Australia 1996-2001, Commissioner of Sydney from 1987 to 1988, and until the start of 2010, the Chancellor of Flinders University.


Phillip Bennett

General Sir Phillip Harvey Bennett (27 December 1928 – 1 August 2023) was an Australian politician. He is a retired senior officer of the Australian Army. He served as Chief of the Australian Defence Force from 1984 to 1987, and later as Governor of Tasmania from 1987 to 1995.


Duke Aiona

James "Duke" Aiona (born June 8, 1955) is a Republican state government official for the U.S. state of Hawaii. He was the Lieutenant Governor from 2002 to 2010. During his first term in 2002, he made a campaign to stop drug abuse including crystal methamphetamine and underage drinking. He was the rival of Democrat David Ige who defeated him in the 2014 election for governor.



Evelyn Boyd Granville

Evelyn Boyd Granville (May, 1, 1924 – June 27, 2023) was the first African American to get a doctoral degree in math from Yale. She was born in Washington, D.C.. Around this time period, not many Americans acknowledged African Americans, especially African American women. She became a professor at Fisk University. She also worked for IBM and for NASA on the Project Vanguard and Project Mercury space programs. She also taught at California State University in Los Angeles. She spent most of her career as an applied mathematician for the Diamond Ordinance Fuze Laboratories.

She died at her apartment in Silver Spring, Maryland on June 27, 2023, at the age of 99.

Madhur Jaffrey

Madhur Jaffrey, CBE (born 13 August 1933) is an Indian cook and writer. She has been recognized in many magazine articles. Sixteen of her books are cookbooks. The other four are stories. One of her cookbooks is "Madhur Jaffrey's World Vegetarian: More Than 750 Meatless Recipes from Around the Globe". One of her stories is "Robi Dobi: The Marvelous Adventures of an Indian Elephant." In her recipes, she often uses many spices and herbs. She was married to actor Saeed Jaffrey.


Jerry Collins

Jerry Collins (4 November 1980 – 5 June 2015) was a professional New Zealand rugby union player. He played for the All Blacks between 2001 and 2007. At the time of his death, he was playing for RC Narbonne. He also played for the Hurricanes, Wellington, Toulon, Ospreys, Yamaha Júbilo.

Collins was born in Apia, Samoa. He grew up in Porirua, Wellington. He and his partner, Alana, had a daughter, Ayla.

Collins and his partner were killed in a car accident on 5 June 2015 near Béziers, Hérault in southern France. He was 34. His three-month-old daughter was badly injured and was flown to a Montpellier hospital.


Margaret Juntwait

Margaret Juntwait (March 18, 1957 – June 3, 2015) was an American radio broadcaster. She was the voice of the Metropolitan Opera radio broadcasts from December 11, 2004, replacing Peter Allen when he retired after 29 years.

Juntwait was born in Ridgewood, New Jersey. She grew up in Upper Saddle River. She was married to Jamie Katz and had four children.

Juntwait died from ovarian cancer on June 3, 2015 in Saddle River, aged 58.

Trait

A trait, or character, in biology is a feature of a living thing. It is part of an organism's phenotype.

Every living thing, from tiny organisms like bacteria, to plants, animals and humans, has some characteristics which make it special. Thus an elephant has tusks, large size and weight, large ears and very large molar teeth (et cetera). These are typical characters of the African and Indian elephants.

Biologists call those "traits". The living thing is built in a certain way; this is its "anatomy", its structure or body. The physical structure "works" in a certain way; this is its function, the way its body works. An animal also "acts" in a certain way; this is its behavior.

The way that a living thing is structured, the way its body works and the way that it acts are all traits. The basic traits are shared by all the members of the group, "that is why they are put in the same group". Other traits are only shared by a small number of the group.

For example: 

Traits are heritable: they can be passed on from one generation to the next by genes. Mendel's work involved the inheritance of traits on pea plants. The whole group of traits of an organism is its phenotype.

Different sources use the term differently. 'Trait' competes with the term 'character'.

According to some authorities, trait and character are synonyms:

Some sources use both terms:

This works well with Mendelian characters. In such cases, a character is a feature of a species which may present as various traits. Examples:

But not all characters are inherited in the simple manner of Mendel's pea characters. For example, an animal's weight is a character, but many genes contribute to it, and so does the animal's environment from birth. Weight is a) continuous rather than discrete (separate steps), b) polygenic (controlled by a number of genes), and c) because weight is influenced by both heredity and environment.

To avoid this issue, some sources use only the term character. Futuyma uses this system for Mendelian characters:
This use of 'character state' allows Futuyma to use terms such as 'ancestral state' and 'derived state' when talking about the evolution of characters.

Billa (supermarket)

Billa (stylised BILLA) is an Austrian supermarket chain. It has over 1,600 locations in Europe with over a thousand in Austria alone. They also operate in the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Romania, Russia, Croatia and Ukraine. Billa was founded by Karl Wlaschek in 1953, and are owned by Germany's REWE Group.

Tariq Aziz

Tariq Aziz (born Mikhail Yuhanna; 28 April 1936 – 5 June 2015) was an Iraqi politician for the Ba'ath Party. He served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 24 January 1983 until 22 March 1991. He also served as the Deputy Prime Minister from 1 August 1965 until 9 April 2003. For decades he was a close adviser to Saddam Hussein.

Aziz was born in the town of Tel Keppe near Mosul to a Chaldean Catholic family. He studied English at Baghdad University. He later worked as a journalist, before joining the Ba'ath Party in 1957. He was married to Violet Yusef Nobud and had children.

Aziz was arrested in 2003 and spent the rest of his life in custody. He died in hospital from a heart attack on 5 June 2015 in Nasiriyah, aged 79. He also suffered from heart disease, depression, diabetes, and ulcers.

Frequent-flyer program

A frequent-flyer program is offered by an airline to reward its customers for loyalty. People who are part of the program usually earn miles (frequent-flyer points). These miles can be redeemed (exchanged) for free flights or other products and services. Many airline alliances allow customers to earn and redeem miles with a number of airlines. This may also work with a codeshare agreement. The first airline to launch a frequent-flyer program was American Airlines.

Charles Bukowski

Henry Charles Bukowski (born Heinrich Karl Bukowski; August 16, 1920 – March 9, 1994) was a German-American poet, novelist, and short story writer.

His writing was influenced by the social, cultural, and economic ambience of his home city of Los Angeles. His work addresses the ordinary lives of poor Americans, the act of writing, alcohol, relationships with women, and the drudgery of work. He died of leukemia.



Cyrus West Field

Cyrus West Field (November 30, 1819 – July 12, 1892) was an American businessman and financier who, along with other entrepreneurs, created the Atlantic Telegraph Company and laid the first telegraph cable across the Atlantic Ocean in 1858. Field was born in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. When he was 16 years old, he moved to New York City. There he apprenticed in the largest dry goods business in the city. He went to work for the paper wholesaler E. Root and Company. When the company failed he bought up the stock. He built it up as Cyrus W. Field and Company. He became one of the city's richest men. Profits permitted him to retire at the age 34 with a fortune of $250,000. Bad investments left Field without most of his fortune at the end of his life. He died in New York City on July 12, 1892.

<br>

Kurt Weber

Kurt Weber (24 May 1928 – 4 June 2015) was a Polish cinematographer. He was known for working on comedic and dramatic films from the 1950s to the 1980s. 

Weber was of Jewish descent.

Killing Reagan

Killing Reagan: A Violent Assault That Changed a Presidency is a book written by Bill O'Reilly and Martin Dugard. It is about the attempted assassination of U.S President Ronald Reagan.

The book is the fifth in the "Killing" series. It follows "Killing Lincoln", "Killing Kennedy", "Killing Jesus", and "Killing Patton". The book was released on September 22, 2015.

On September 26, 2015, National Geographic announced that a television movie version was being made. There was no specific release date or cast. In May 2016, it was announced that Tim Matheson and Cynthia Nixon would play Ronald and Nancy Reagan respectively in the movie. Filming was to begin in late May. The movie was to be released sometime in the fall of 2016.

Bengt Berndtsson

Bengt Berndtsson (26 January 1933 – 4 June 2015) was a Swedish football winger. He was born in Gothenburg. Berndtsson played for the Sweden national football team, and was a member of the squad at the 1958 FIFA World Cup finals.


Shallot

Shallots are a type of onion. They are a botanical variety of the species "Allium cepa". The shallot was previously classified as a separate species, "A. ascalonicum".
Shallots seldom produce seeds. They are increased by dividing its compound bulbs. These are made up of several bulblets or cloves held together at the base. The bulblets are planted the same as onion sets. Each set develops into a compound set. The mature bulbs are harvested, cured and stored the same way as onions. In suitable storage, the bulbs keep from one season to the next. 

The flavor of shallots is a little milder than onions. It’s used for flavoring curries. Both leaves and cloves are used. Leaves are also consumed as green vegetables. Like their cousins onions and garlics, this is also considered as non-vegetarian food in India. Most of the crop is produced for sale in the green state. But some dry bulbs are also used. They are also used for pickling.

Aneesa Ahmed

Aneesa Ahmed (Arabic: أنيسة أحمد) is a Maldivian women's rights activist. In 2012, she received the International Women of Courage Award. She was the second woman from the Maldivies to receive this award.

Aneesa studied at Pennsylvania State University from 1985 to 1986. She was a Humphrey Fellow.

Aneesa was Deputy Minister of Women's Affairs in Maldives. She talked about domestic violence, even though it was a taboo subject. After her job in the government, she started the NGO "Hope for Women". She talked about violence against women with police, students, and others.

When the national radio of the Maldives had talks by religious students who said female genital mutilation was Islamic, she asked the government to stop them. She talked about the harm caused by female genital mutilation.


Hunting magic

Hunting magic is a term to say that forms of magic are associated with rituals in hunter-gatherer societies. Such rituals may be the start of religion. 

Pierre Brice

Pierre Brice (born Pierre-Louis Baron de Bris; 6 February 1929 – 6 June 2015) was a French actor and singer. He began his career in the 1950s. He was best known for his role as the Apaca chief Winnetou in the German Karl May movies.

Brice was born in Brest. He fought for the French Army in the First Indochina War. He was married to Hella Krekel from 1981 until his death.

Brice died from pneumonia on 6 June 2015 in Paris. He was 86.

Hermann Zapf

Hermann Zapf (8 November 1918 – 4 June 2015) was a German typeface designer. He was born in Nuremberg. From 1951 until his death, he was married to educator Gudrun Zapf-von Hesse. Typefaces he designed include Palatino, Optima and Zapfino.

Zapf died at his home in Darmstadt, Hesse, Germany on 4 June 2015 at the age of 96.

Zapf designed the following typefaces:

Loriini

Lories and lorikeets (tribe Loriini) are small to medium-sized arboreal parrots. They have special brush-tipped tongues to feed on nectar of blossoms and soft fruits, preferably berries. 

They are a monophyletic group in the parrot family Psittacidae. Sequence analysis and morphology show that the group is in the middle of other groups. 

They are widely distributed throughout the Australasian region, including south-eastern Asia, Polynesia, Papua New Guinea, Timor Leste and Australia, and the majority have very brightly coloured plumage.

Those studies show that the lories and lorikeets form a single group, closely related to the budgerigar and the fig parrots.

Tribe (biology)

A tribe in biology is a monophyletic group inside a family. It is a term used in taxonomy.

More exactly, it is a rank above genus and below subfamily. The Hominini, the hominins, is the tribe to which our species belongs.

Santiago Auserón

Santiago Auserón, also known as Juan Perro (July 25, 1954 in Zaragoza, Aragon) is a Spanish singer and lyricist. He was songwriter and vocalist of Spanish rock's Radio Futura.

From 1972 to 1977 he attended the University of Madrid where he studied philosophy. After that he attended the University of Vincennes in Saint-Denis, where he stayed one year.

In 1979, Auserón founded Radio Futura, being part of Madrilenian Scene ().

In 1992, he left the group and started his career as a soloist under his pseudonym "Juan Perro".




Ludvík Vaculík

Ludvík Vaculík (23 July 1926 – 6 June 2015) was a Czech writer and journalist. He was born in Brumov. He was a known samizdat writer. He was the most known as the author of the "Two Thousand Words" manifesto of June 1968.

Vaculík died at the age of 88 on 6 June 2015.


Miguel-Ángel Cárdenas

Miguel-Ángel Cárdenas (October 3, 1934 – June 2, 2015), also known as Michel Cardena, was a Colombian-Dutch, New Realism and Pop Art painter. He was known for his video art in the Netherlands. His works covered many artistic media, including painting, drawing, video, photography, object assemblages and digital art. He was born in Espinal, Tolima, Colombia.


Mefistofele

Mefistofele is an Italian opera in a prologue, four acts and an epilogue; with music and libretto. It is by Arrigo Boito and is based on Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's play "Faust". It was first performed in Milan, on March 5, 1868. A revised version was performed in Bologna, on October 4, 1875.

The opera was performed as part of the 2013/2014 season at the Croatian National Theatre, in Split. The director was Michał Znaniecki and the conductor was Nikša Bareza.

In August 2014, the opera was performed in the 13th Opera Festival of the Theatro da Paz in Belém, Brazil. Mefistofeles was played by Denis Sedov and Faust was played by Fernando Portari.




Pavel Kohout

Pavel Kohout (born July 20, 1928 in Prague) is a Czech and Austrian novelist, playwright, and poet. He was a member of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia. He was a Prague Spring exponent and dissident in the 1970s until he was expelled to Austria. He was a founding member of the Charter 77 movement.


Bad Blood (Taylor Swift song)

"Bad Blood" is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The song came from her fifth studio album "1989". The album version of the song only has Swift as the vocalist on verses. The single version has a different instrumental and guest vocals from rapper Kendrick Lamar on verses.

Swift wrote "Bad Blood" about an undisclosed female artist. She says that the artist attempted to sabotage one of her concert tours by hiring people that worked for her (Swift). There are rumors from "Rolling Stone", "Billboard", "Time" and "Washington Post" that singer-songwriter Katy Perry is the subject of the song. The original album version of "Bad Blood" only has Swift singing.

"Bad Blood" first charted on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 for 2 weeks in November of 2014. It also charted in January of 2015 as an album cut from "1989". It peaked at #78. After the music video premiere at the 2015 Billboard Music Awards, the remixed song with Kendrick Lamar re-entered the chart at #53 and #26 on the Digital Songs Chart. It sold over 47,000 digital copies. The song hit #1 on "Billboard" Hot 100 on the week ending May 24, 2015. It sold 385,000 copies. It became Taylor's fourth #1 single. It was also her third from "1989" (following "Shake It Off" and "Blank Space"). That made Taylor Swift the first artist since Adele to have three Hot 100 chart-toppers from the same record. It was also her fourth consecutive top-ten single from "1989".

The original album version of "Bad Blood" received mixed reviews from music critics. But, the remixed version of the song received mostly positive reviews. Much of the praise was for Lamar's guest verses and the reworked instrumental. George Seabrook, writing for "The Edge" in Southampton, England, gave the song four-and-a-half stars out of five. He praised the song for "Lamar’s simple, brutally effective verses". He also said that Swift and Lamar made "not just one more meaningless stunt collaboration, but a powerful new duo".

The music video was directed by renowned director Joseph Kahn, with Swift producing it. He had also directed the music video for "Blank Space". The video was shot in Los Angeles on April 12, 2015. The setting for the video is the City of London. The music video premiered on May 17, 2015, at the start of the Billboard Music Awards. Several friends of Swift are present in the music video, such as British singer-songwriter Ellie Goulding, American entertainer Selena Gomez, and American actresses Lena Dunham and Jessica Alba. All members of the cast chose their own names for their characters.

Robert Brian Wilson

Robert Brian Wilson (born March 8, 1962) is an American actor, singer, and voice artist. He is best known for portraying Billy Chapman in "Silent Night, Deadly Night" (1984).

Paradise Cay, California

Paradise Cay is an unincorporated place in Marin County, California, United States.

Robert Hossein

Robert Hossein (born as Hosseinoff; 30 December 1927 – 31 December 2020) was a French movie actor, director, and writer of Azerbaijani and Jewish origin. He directed the 1982 adaption of "Les Misérables", and appeared in "Vice and Virtue", "Le Casse", "Les Uns et les Autres" and "Venus Beauty Institute".

Hossein died on 31 December 2020 in Essey-lès-Nancy, France from COVID-19, one day after his 93rd birthday.

Volcanoes of Kamchatka

The volcanoes of Kamchatka are a large group of volcanoes on the Kamchatka Peninsula. 

The Kamchatka River and the surrounding central side valley are flanked by large volcanic belts. There are about 160 volcanoes, 29 of them still active. They are in the "six" UNESCO World Heritage List sites in the Volcanoes of Kamchatka, most of them on the Kamchatka Peninsula.

The highest volcano is Klyuchevskaya Sopka (4,750 m or 15,584 ft), the largest active volcano in the northern hemisphere. The most striking is Kronotsky, whose perfect cone was said by volcanologists Robert and Barbara Decker to be a prime candidate for the world's most beautiful volcano. 

In the center of Kamchatka is Eurasia's world famous Geyser Valley which was partly destroyed by a massive mudslide in June 2007.

Deep seismic events and tsunamis are fairly common. Intense volcanism is caused by the subduction of the Pacific Plate. A pair of huge earthquakes occurred off the coast on October 16, 1737, and on November 4, 1952, in magnitudes ~9.3 and 8.2 respectively. More shallow earthquakes were recorded as recently as April 2006.

Vietnam Airlines

Vietnam Airlines is the flag carrier and the largest airline of Vietnam. It was started by the government in 1956. Since June 2010, it has been a member of SkyTeam. As of 2015, Vietnam Airlines goes to 21 cities in Vietnam and 28 international cities. 

Saudia

Saudia ( '), formerly known as Saudi Arabian Airlines ( ') is the flag carrier and largest airline of Saudi Arabia, based in Jeddah. It was started in 1945 with the help of the United States government. TWA managed the airline until the 1960s. The airline joined SkyTeam in May 2012. As of 2024, Saudia goes to more then 95 cities worldwide.

James M. Beggs

James Montgomery Beggs (January 9, 1926 – April 23, 2020) was an American businessman and politician. He served as the 6th Administrator of NASA. He was nominated by President Reagan on June 1, 1981. Beggs took his oath of office and entered the post on July 10, 1981, serving until December 4, 1985.

Beggs died on April 23, 2020 at the age of 94 at his home in Bethesda, Maryland of congestive heart failure.


Sean O'Keefe

Sean Charles O'Keefe (born January 27, 1956) is an American politician. He was the former chairman of Airbus Group, Inc., former Secretary of the Navy, former Administrator of NASA, and former chancellor of Louisiana State University (LSU). He is a former member of the board of directors of DuPont.

Administrator of NASA

The Administrator and Deputy Administrator of NASA are the highest-ranked officials of NASA, the space agency of the United States. The Administrator serves as the senior space science adviser to the President of the United States. According to NASA, the role of the Administrator is to "lead the NASA team and manage its resources to advance the Vision for Space Exploration."


T. Keith Glennan

Thomas Keith Glennan (September 8, 1905 – April 11, 1995) was an American politician. He was the first Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, serving from August 19, 1958 to January 20, 1961.

Theo Saat

Theodorus Antoon "Theo" Saat (13 May 1928 – 2 June 2015) was a Dutch sprinter. He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland. He was born in Arnhem, Gelderland.

Saat died on 2 June 2015 in Noordwijk, South Holland, aged 87.

Robert A. Frosch

Robert Alan Frosch FREng (born May 22, 1928) is an American scientist. He was the fifth administrator of NASA. He was the administrator from 1977 to 1981 during the Carter administration.

Hans Mark

Hans Michael Mark (June 17, 1929 – December 18, 2021) was a German-born American physicist and politician. He was the Secretary of the Air Force between 1979 until 1981. He was the Director of the National Reconnaissance Office between 1977 until 1979.

Mark was born in Mannheim, Germany. Because he was partly of Jewish descent his father Herman Francis Mark fled with the family into the United States.

Mark died on December 18, 2021 in Austin, Texas from dementia-related problems at the age of 92.


United States Secretary of the Air Force

The Secretary of the Air Force (SecAF, or SAF/OS) is the Head of the Department of the Air Force. It is an organization within the Department of Defense of the United States of America. 

The Secretary of the Air Force is appointed from civilian life by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. The Secretary reports to the Secretary of Defense and/or the Deputy Secretary of Defense, and is by statute responsible for and has the authority to conduct all the affairs of the Department of the Air Force.

Sadun Boro

Sadun Boro (1928 – 5 June 2015) is an Turkish sailor and writer. He was the first Turkish person to circumnavigate the globe, sailing from 22 August 1965 until 15 June 1968.

Boro was born in Istanbul. He was married to Oda Boro and had a daughter.

Boro died from bladder cancer on 5 June 2015 in Marmaris. He was 87.

Mario Saliwa

Mario Ngqiuyomizi Saliwa (6 March 1984 – 31 May 2015) was a South African first-class cricketer. He played for teams such as the Eagles and Free State. He was born in King William's Town, Eastern Cape.

Saliwa died after being stabbed on 31 May 2015, aged 31.


MERS

MERS (the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome) was discovered in Saudi Arabia in 2012. It is a disease caused by a coronavirus whose label is MERS-CoV. MERS-CoV is a betacoronavirus which originated in bats.

Coronaviruses are a family of viruses some of which cause common colds. They can infect both animals and people. MERS is a relative of SARS (the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) virus which swept around the world, infecting more than 8,000 people globally and killing 774 before it was stopped in 2004.

In 2015, the World Health Organization made itself some rules for naming viruses: No official name is allowed to refer to a place, person or animal. This is to prevent stigma, or blame. The WHO rules list MERS as an example of what not to do when naming a virus or disease.

Charles Bolden

Charles Frank Bolden, Jr. (born August 19, 1946) was the 12th Administrator of NASA from 2009 through 2017. He is a retired United States Marine Corps Major General, and former NASA astronaut.

Alan M. Lovelace

Alan Mathieson Lovelace (September 4, 1929 – April 18, 2018) was an American civil servant. He was the Deputy Administrator of NASA from July 2, 1976 to July 10, 1981.

Lovelace was born in St. Petersburg, Florida. He graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Chemistry from the University of Florida in Gainesville in 1951. He received a Master of Science in Organic Chemistry in 1952. He became a Doctor of Philosophy in 1954, also in Organic Chemistry.

Lovelace died on April 18, 2018 in Melbourne, Florida at the age of 88.

In June 1981, Lovelace was presented with the Presidential Citizens Medal by President Ronald Reagan.

NASA - "Goddard News" 

John R. Dailey

John R. Dailey (born on February 17, 1934) is a retired United States Marine Corps four-star general. He served as Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps (ACMC) and Chief of Staff from 1990 to 1992. He also served as Acting Associate Deputy Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) from 1992 to 1999. Today, he is director of the National Air and Space Museum (NASM) since 2000.

Aaron Cohen

Aaron Cohen (January 5, 1931 – February 25, 2010) was an American civil servant. He served as the Acting Deputy Administrator of NASA between February 19, 1992 and November 1, 1992.


Ronnie Gilbert

Ruth Alice "Ronnie" Gilbert (September 7, 1926 – June 6, 2015) was an American folk singer-songwriter, actress and activist. She was one of the original members of The Weavers with Pete Seeger, Lee Hays, and Fred Hellerman.

Gilbert was born in New York City. She was the daughter of Jewish immgrants from Eastern Europe. She had one daughter. She was married twice and was bisexual.

Gilbert died from natural causes on June 6, 2015 in Mill Valley, California, aged 88.


James C. Fletcher

James Chipman Fletcher (June 5, 1919 – December 22, 1991) was an American civil servant. He was the president of the University of Utah from 1964 to 1971. He also served as the 4th and 7th Administrator of NASA. He first served from April 27, 1971 to May 1, 1977, and again from May 12, 1986, to April 8, 1989.

Coronavirus

Coronaviruses are a group of RNA viruses. They cause diseases in birds and mammals, including humans. These diseases can be mild, or they can be fatal. In humans and birds, they cause respiratory tract infections. Mild illnesses in humans include some cases of the common cold (which is also caused by other viruses, for example rhinoviruses). More lethal varieties can cause SARS, MERS, and COVID-19.

They are enveloped viruses with a positive-sense RNA genome. The genome size of coronaviruses is about 26 to 32 kilobases, which is extraordinarily large for an RNA virus. There are four major groups of coronaviruses, called alpha, beta, gamma, and delta.

The most famous coronavirus is one of the betas, the kind that causes Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in humans.

The name "coronavirus" comes from the Latin word "corona", meaning "crown" or "halo", and refers to how virions look under an electron microscopy (E.M.). They have a fringe of large, bulbous surface projections looking like a crown. This morphology is created by the viral spike (S) peplomer, which are proteins on the surface of the virus. They decide which cells the virus can infect.

Proteins of coronaviruses are the spike (S), envelope (E), membrane (M), and nucleocapsid (N).

Coronaviruses infect the upper respiratory and gastrointestinal tracts of mammals and birds. Six different strains of coronaviruses infect humans. These include:


Coronaviruses are believed to cause many common colds in human adults. The significance and economic impact of coronaviruses is hard to assess. Unlike rhinoviruses (another common cold virus), human coronaviruses are easy to grow in the laboratory.

Coronaviruses are large, spherical particles with unique surface projections. Their size is variable, averageing 80 to 120 nms. The total molecular weight is on average 40,000 kDa. They are enclosed in an envelope studded with projecting protein molecules. These layers protect the virus when it is outside the host cell.

The viral envelope is made up of a lipid bilayer in which the membrane (M), envelope (E), and spike (S) structural proteins are anchored. The ratio of E:S:M in the lipid bilayer is approximately 1:20:300. The E and M protein are the structural proteins that combined with the lipid bilayer to shape the viral envelope and maintain its size. S proteins are needed for interaction with the host cells. But human coronavirus NL63 is peculiar in that its M protein has the binding site for the host cell, and not its S protein. The diameter of the envelope is 85 nm.

The earliest reports of a coronavirus infection in animals occurred in the late 1920s, when an acute respiratory infection of domesticated chickens happened in North America. Arthur Schalk and M.C. Hawn in 1931 made the first detailed report which described a new respiratory infection of chickens in North Dakota. It was not realized at the time that three related viruses were involved.

Human coronaviruses were discovered in the 1960's using two different methods. E.C. Kendall, Malcolm Bynoe, and David Tyrrel, working at the Common Cold Unit of the British Medical Research Council, collected a unique common cold virus B814 in 1961. The virus could not be cultivated using the techniques which had successfully cultivated rhinoviruses, adenoviruses, and other known common cold viruses. Eventually, this was solved. The new cultivating method was introduced to the lab by Bertil Hoorn. The isolated virus, when put into the noses of volunteers, caused a cold. The virus was inactivated by ether which showed it had a lipid envelope. The novel virus caused a cold in volunteers and, like B814, was inactivated by ether.
Scottish virologist June Almeida at St Thomas' Hospital, London, compared the structures of IBV, B814, and 229E in 1967. Using transmission electron microscopy,the three viruses were shown to be similar in shape and have club-like spikes. A research group at the National Institute of Health the same year isolated another member of this group of viruses. Like B814, 229E, and IBV, the novel cold virus OC43 had distinctive club-like spikes when observed with the electron microscope.

The IBV-like novel cold viruses looked like the mouse hepatitis virus. This new group of viruses were called "coronaviruses" from their crown-like appearance. The coronavirus strain B814 was lost. It is not known which present human coronavirus it was. Other human coronaviruses have since been identified, including SARS-CoV in 2003, HCoV NL63 in 2003, HCoV HKU1 in 2004, MERS-CoV in 2013, and SARS-CoV-2 in 2019. There have been a large number of animal coronaviruses identified since the 1960s.


Ontario Highway 33

Ontario Highway 33 or King's Highway 33 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It runs from west to east and is 60.9 kilometers (37.8 miles) long. It starts at Highway 62 in Bloomfield in Prince Edward County. At Glenora, the highway crosses the Bay of Quinte by the Glenora Ferry. The Ministry of Transportation of Ontario runs the ferry as a free service. The highway continues on the other side of the bay in Adolphustown. It ends in Kingston.

In 1984, Queen Elizabeth II named the highway between Trenton and Kingston the Loyalist Parkway. It was named after the United Empire Loyalists who settled in the Kingston area after the American Revolutionary War.

Green Party of Ontario

The Green Party of Ontario (GPO) is a political party in Ontario, Canada. It organized in 1983. It first ran candidates in the 1985 general election. The party got its largest share of the total vote in the 2007 general election. Support of the GPO has declined since then.

In November 2009, Mike Schreiner became the party leader. He became the first member of the Green Party in history to have a seat in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. He was elected in the 2018 elections.

Giacomo Furia

Giacomo Furia (2 January 1925 – 5 June 2015) was an Italian actor. He appeared in over 130 movies between 1948 and 1998.


Smosh: The Movie

Smosh: The Movie is an upcoming 2015 American comedy movie from Lionsgate Films. The movie will star Anthony Padilla and Ian Hecox, which is part of Smosh from YouTube. It is planned to come out on July 24, 2015.

An embarrassing video of Anthony surfaces online right before his fifth high school reunion. The Smosh duo then races to pull down the clip before it blows Anthony's chances of reconnecting with his teen crush Anna.


On September 18, 2014, Lionsgate announced that it has picked up global distribution rights to the movie, with production jointly financed by DreamWorks Animation’s AwesomenessTV, and Defy Media, in which Lionsgate has an equity interest. The picture was written by Eric Falconer, creator and executive producer of "Blue Mountain State" and writer of "How I Met Your Mother". The film is executively produced by Padilla, Hecox, Barry Blumberg of Defy Media, Brett Bouttier, Joe Davola and Shauna Phelan. AwesomenessTV founder Brian Robbins serves as producer. It was entirely shot in YouTube Space in Los Angeles, California.

On April 15, 2015, it was announced that the movie will be released on July 24, 2015 and will be having its gala world premiere at Vidcon 2015 in Anaheim, California.

Rhinovirus

Rhinovirus is the most common virus in humans, and the main cause of the common cold. It is called 'rhinovirus' because it infects the nose. The symptoms are very well known, and affect the whole of the upper respiratory tract, that is, the nose down to the throat. Children may get six to twelve colds a year.

The temperature most suitable for its survival is between 33 ℃ to 35 ℃. This may explain why it is found in the nose, because the nasal cavity is be open to the outside air.

There are 99 types of rhinovirus, according to their surface proteins. The rhinovirus particles are only 30nm in diameter. This is much smaller than other viruses: many are ten times larger.

Latch

A latch is a type of hardware that is used to join two objects together. A latch often keeps animals or wind from opening something. This could be a door or a gate. Unlike a lock, a latch is easy to open if you know how, so it can be convenient on a gate that needs to be opened often.


Aarthi Agarwal

Aarthi Agarwal (March 5 1984 – June 6, 2015) was an American actress. She worked in Telugu cinema. She was known for her first movie role in "Nuvvu Naaku Nachav".

On June 6, 2015, Agarwal died at the AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center in Atlantic City, New Jersey from cardiac arrest, aged 31.

Jane Briggs Hart

Jane Briggs (“Janey”) Hart (October 21, 1921 - June 5, 2015) was an American aviator. She was the widow of Senator Philip A. Hart. She was born in Detroit, Michigan. She was a member of the NASA's Mercury 13. Hart was also an avid sailor and has sailed in the Port Huron to Mackinac Boat Race 15 times as part of an all-women crew.

Hart died on June 5, 2015 in West Hartford, Connecticut from Alzheimer's disease, aged 93.

Philip Hart

Philip Aloysius Hart (December 10, 1912December 26, 1976) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a Democrat. He served as a United States Senator from Michigan from 1959 until his death in 1976. He was known as the "Conscience of the Senate."

Hart died of skin cancer on December 26, 1976 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 64.

TAESA

TAESA was a Mexican low-cost carrier. It began on April 27, 1988. It was one of the first low-cost airlines in Mexico. At times, it became Mexico's 3rd largest airline, after Aeroméxico and Mexicana de Aviacion. On November 9, 1999, a TAESA plane crashed. It was flying from Uruapan to Mexico City International Airport. The crash killed 18 people. That crash and other factors led to TAESA declaring bankruptcy in February 2000. 

Adria Airways

Adria Airways was the national airline of Slovenia. It began on 14 March 1961 and ended on 30 September 2019. In 1969, it bought its first jet aircraft, the Douglas DC-9. In December 1981, an Adria airplane crashed in Corsica. The crash killed 180 people. Adria bought its first Airbus A320 in 1989. As of June 2015, Adria has 12 airplanes.

Universal indicator

A universal indicator is a test to measure the pH value of a liquid. The solution that is used has several chemical indicators in it. This means that the indicator is able to show different colours (and therefore pH value ranges). The drawback of this solution is that it cannot be used for titrations, which expect a well-defined change in color.

Anti-revisionism

Anti-revisionism is opposition to attempts to modify or reject the fundamentals of communist revolutionary theory and practice. Reformism is seen as a concession to communism's adversaries.

Revisionism comes from within the Party, towards whatever is the standard policy of the Party. After Stalin's death, Krushchev's style and policies were thought by Stalinists to be revisionist. The People's Republic of China under Mao Zedong and the People's Republic of Albania under Enver Hoxha proclaimed themselves to be taking an anti-revisionist line and denounced Khrushchev's policies.

Paul Pogba

Paul Labile Pogba is a French professional footballer. He plays for Serie A club Juventus and the France national team. He is currently suspended for testing positive for testosterone.

Pogba began his professional career with Manchester United in 2011. In 2012 he began playing for Juventus. In 2016 he transferred back to Manchester United for a world-record £89m.

He won the World Cup for France against Croatia on 15 July 2018.

Kazuo Chiba

Kazuo Chiba (; 5 February 1940 – 5 June 2015), also known as T. K. Chiba, was a Japanese aikido teacher. He was best known as the founder of Birankai International which includes organizations in the United Kingdom, France, Austria, Greece, Poland, Canada, the United States and many other places worldwide. He was active in aikido for 50 years from 1958 until his retirement in 2008. He was born in Tochigi Prefecture.

Chiba died after a long illness on 5 June 2015 in San Diego, California, United States. He was 75.

Albert West

Albertus Petrus Enricus Gerardus Westelaken (2 September 1949 – 4 June 2015), better known by his stage name Albert West, was a Dutch pop singer and record producer. He was the lead singer of The Shuffles from 1963 to 1973. He was born in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant.


The Shuffles

The Shuffles were a Dutch pop band formed in Rosmalen, North Brabant. The group, fronted by the late Albert West, were active for ten years from 1963 until 1973.


World Environment Day

World Environment Day (WED) is celebrated every year on June 5. On this day, people are supposed to do good things for the natural environment and sustainability. These acts help to protect nature and the planet Earth. It is run by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP).

The theme in 2023 is “Solutions for plastic pollution”, 2022 was “Only One Earth”, 2021 was “Ecosystem restoration”, 2020 was "Time for nature", in 2019 was “Beat Air pollution” and in 2018 was "Beat Plastic pollution".



2015 FIFA Women's World Cup

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup was the seventh FIFA Women's World Cup, hosted by Canada. The tournament began on 6 June and ended on 5 July. In a rematch of the 2011 final, the defending champions Japan met the United States. The USA scored four goals in the first 16 minutes, with three by Carli Lloyd, on their way to a 5–2 win and their third Women's World Cup title.

The cities of Vancouver, Edmonton, Winnipeg, Ottawa, Montreal and Moncton hosted matches.

Some believe that artificial turf causes more injuries than normal grass. More than 50 players have protested the use of artificial turf, saying that it is sexist. They filed a lawsuit against FIFA, however, they dropped the lawsuit in January 2015.










Anja Mittag

Anja Mittag (born in Karl-Marx-Stadt, East Germany on 16 May 1985) is a German association football player who currently plays for Paris Saint-Germain Féminines and the Germany women's national football team. She has won the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup, UEFA Women's Euro 2009 and the UEFA Women's Euro 2013. She was also Sweden's Player of the Year in 2012 and 2014 while she played in the Damallsvenskan.

2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group A

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group A is a group in the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup that include Canada, Netherlands, China, New Zealand.

1 goal


2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group B

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group B is a group in the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup that includes Germany, Norway, Thailand and the Ivory Coast.

4 goals


3 goals


2 goals


1 goal


2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group C

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group C is a group in the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup that includes Japan, Switzerland, Cameroon and Ecuador.

2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group D

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group D is a group in the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup that includes United States, Australia, Sweden, Nigeria.

Ada Hegerberg

Ada Hegerberg (born in Molde, Norway on 10 July 1995) is a Norwegian association football player who currently plays for Olympique Lyonnais and the Norway women's national football team. She has an older sister named Andrine Hegerberg. She also is part of Norway's 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup squad.

Sara Däbritz

Sara Däbritz (born 15 February 1995 in Amberg, Germany) is a German association football player who currently plays for FC Bayern Munich and the Germany women's national football team.

She played for SpVgg SV Weiden and SC Freiburg in her youth, and played for SC Freiburg in her senior career until she transfered to FC Bayern Munich in 2015.

Däbritz has played for Germany's Under 15, Under 17, Under 19 and Under 20 youth squads. She most recently was played in the 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup and the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup.

"As of 15 June 2015"

"As of 15 June 2015"

Lieke Martens

Lieke Martens (born on 16 December 1992 in Nieuw-Bergen, Netherlands) is a Dutch association football player who currently plays for Barcelona and the Netherlands women's national football team. She has also played for the clubs SC Heerenveen, VVV-Venlo, Standard Liège and FCR 2001 Duisburg. She was part of the Netherlands' 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup squad.


Standard Liège

Rosengård

Barcelona

Netherlands

Individual

Orders

FCR 2001 Duisburg

FCR 2001 Duisburg (officially known as Fußballclub Rumeln 2001 Duisburg) was a German women's association football club that was dissolved in 2013 because of a financial crisis. After the club disbanded, it merged with MSV Duisburg.

Some notable players who played for the club include Alexandra Popp, Ashlyn Harris, Sara Däbritz, Simone Laudehr, Lieke Martens and Annike Krahn.


Lakmé

Lakmé is a French opera in three acts by Léo Delibes, first performed at the Opéra-Comique in Paris, on April 14, 1883, libretto by Edmond Gondinet and Philippe Gille, after Pierre Loti Rarahu's "Le mariage de Loti". An immediate success, it has remained one of the most popular of French operas.




Netherlands women's national football team

The Netherlands women's national football team (Dutch: Nederlands vrouwenvoetbalelftal) is the women's association football team that represents the European country of the Netherlands. They are managed by the Royal Dutch Football Association and are part of UEFA and FIFA. In 1971, they played their first official match recognized by FIFA against France. The team has taken part in the UEFA Women's Championship three times and became champions in 2017 when they hosted the tournament. They also played in the World Cup twice they qualified for their first FIFA Women's World Cup in 2015 and in 2019, they reached the final but lost 2–0 against the United States. This also meant they could play in the 2020 Olympics, but they were defeated in the quarter-finals. Women's football was not allowed in many countries for a long time, and even when it was allowed, it faced doubts and criticism. However, the Netherlands team gained more fans after their surprising victory in the 2017 European Championship held in their own country. As of 27 March 2015, their FIFA ranking is 12.

Vasili Zhupikov

Vasili Mikhailovich Zhupikov () (16 January 1954 – 7 June 2015) was a Soviet football player and a Russian coach.

Zhupikov made his debut for USSR on September 7, 1977 in a game against Poland. He played in the UEFA Euro 1980 qualifiers (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).

Andrine Hegerberg

Andrine Stolsmo Hegerberg (born on 3 June 1993 in Sunndalsøra, Norway) is a Norwegian association football midfielder who currently plays for Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC and the Norway women's national football team. She has also played for Kolbotn Fotball, Stabæk Fotball Kvinner and 1. FFC Turbine Potsdam. Her younger sister is Ada Hegerberg.

Khieu Samphan

Khieu Samphan (; born July 27, 1931) is a former Cambodian communist politician. He was the president of the state of Democratic Kampuchea (Cambodia) from 1976 until 1979.

He was one of the most powerful officials in the Khmer Rouge movement, although Pol Pot remained the General Secretary (highest official) in the party.

Samphan is the second oldest living former Khmer Rouge leader, alongside Nuon Chea. On August 7, 2014, they were convicted and received life sentences for crimes against humanity during the Cambodian Genocide.

Chea Sim

Chea Sim (; 15 November 19328 June 2015) was a Cambodian politician. He was the President of the National Assembly of Cambodia from 1981 to 1998 (Vice President from June to October 1993) and President of the Senate from 1999 until his death.

Célia Šašić

Célia Šašić (née: Okoyino da Mbabi; born on 27 June 1988 in Bonn, Germany) is a German association football forward who currently plays for 1. FFC Frankfurt and the Germany women's national football team. She is one of the best German footballers of her generation. She was the Bundesliga top scorer in 2013–14 and 2014–15, and was also named the German Player of the Year in 2012. She is of Cameroonian decent.

She also won the Golden Boot as the leading goal scorer in the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup. Because she was tied with American Carli Lloyd with 6 goals, the award was decided by tiebreakers. Both were even on the first tiebreaker of assists, with one each. Šašić won the award on the second tiebreaker, having played fewer minutes than Lloyd.

The Crazy Ones

The Crazy Ones is an American sitcom created by David E. Kelley. It starred Robin Williams and Sarah Michelle Gellar. The single-camera series aired on CBS on September 26, 2013.

It was based in Chicago, Illinois. It was about Simon Roberts (Williams) who is an advertising executive and his daughter, Sydney Roberts (Gellar) also an executive working together. It was cancelled on April 17, 2014.


Germany women's national football team

The Germany women's national football team is the women's association football team that represents the European country of Germany. The team is one of the most successful in the world, with two FIFA Women's World Cup victories, and eight UEFA Women's Championship victories. The top scorer is Birgit Prinz with 128 goals.


UEFA Women's Euro 2013

The UEFA Women's Euro 2013 (also called the Women's Euro 2013) was the 11th UEFA Women's Championship tournament. It took place in Sweden and it lasted from 10–28 July. The champions were Germany, winning their 6th consecutive title, and their 8th overall.

Neverland Ranch

Neverland Ranch is a property in Santa Barbara County, California, United States. In 1987 Michael Jackson purchased it for an estimated $19.5 million USD. He lost the property by 2007. The ranch is currently for sale for $100 million.

The property has been renamed Sycamore Valley Ranch. The Victorian-style mansion and the train station with the floral clock are still there. The amusement park has been removed. Also the zoo animals have been relocated. The private fire department on the ranch is no longer staffed with firemen. The property is being sold by the real estate investment company, Colony Capital.

<br>

Human–computer interaction

Human-computer interaction (often shortened to HCI) is a field of computer science that looks at the ways in which a human uses a computer and interacts with it. The focus in human-computer interaction is in the design of interactive systems, and in the user interfaces by which the human interacts.

Daria

Daria is an American animated comedy-drama television series. It is a spin-off of Beavis and Butt-head. It centers on teenager Daria Morgendorffer. It is set in a fictional universe in Lawndale. The show started airing on January 1, 1997. The last episode was shown on January 21, 2002. 

Air Seychelles

Air Seychelles is the national airline of Seychelles. It started in 1978. In 1983, it began international flights to Frankfurt and London. Its head office is at Seychelles International Airport on the island of Mahé. As of 2015, Air Seychelles flies to 10 cities and has 10 airplanes. 

<br>

Sedition

Sedition is a term from law, which is used for people who act and speak openly against the government and those in power, to cause an uprising or a rebellion. In many countries, such behaviour is a criminal offence. 

Linda Sembrant

Linda Sembrant (born on 15 May 1987 in Uppsala, Sweden) is a Swedish association football defender who currently plays for Montpellier HSC and the Sweden women's national football team. She has played for Sweden in the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup, 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup.

Gaëlle Enganamouit

Gaëlle Deborah Enganamouit (born on 9 June 1992 in Yaoundé, Cameroon) is a Cameroonian association football midfielder and forward who currently plays for Eskilstuna United DFF and the Cameroon women's national football team. She has also played for Lorema Yaoundé and ŽFK Spartak Subotica. She can play a variety of positions, but normally she plays as a midfielder or forward.

Madeleine Ngono Mani

Madeleine Michèle Ngono Mani (born on 16 October 1983 in Cameroon) is a Cameroonian association football forward who currently plays for En Avant de Guingamp and the Cameroon women's national football team. With Cameroon, she has played at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup.

Bundesliga (women)

The Frauen-Bundesliga () is the main women's football league competition in Germany. It is the women's equivalent of the Bundesliga.

The league was formed in 1990, and the most successful team has been 1. FFC Frankfurt, while the current champions are Bayern Munich.


2014–15 Bundesliga (women)

The 2014–15 Frauen Bundesliga was the 25th season of the Frauen Bundesliga in Germany. It took place from 30 August 2014 to 10 May 2015. Bayern Munich won their first Bundesliga title.


Christen Press

Christen Annemarie Press (born December 29, 1988 in Los Angeles, California, United States) is an American professional soccer player. She currently plays for Manchester United W.F.C. of the FA Women's Super League and the United States women's national team as a forward. Along with her football career, she has also been in several advertisements with Nike and Coppertone. Along with some of her teammates, she has also been in the popular American TV series, The Simpsons.

Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC

Tyresö FF
United States
Individual


2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 1

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 1 was one of the European qualifying groups for the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup. In the end, Germany were group winners. The top scorer was Anja Mittag of Germany with 11 goals.

Matross

A matross was a soldier of artillery. He was a member of an artillery (gun) crew. A matross ranked next below a gunner. The duty of a matross was to assist the gunners in loading, firing and sponging the guns. They were armed with muskets and bayonets. They marched with the store-wagons, acting as guards. In the American army a matross ranked as a private of artillery. 

Matrosses were first used in the British Army in 1639. Before that they were called gunner's assistants. In the German language a matrose means a sailor. The work assigned to the matross was considered sailor's work on a ship. It was an effort to give the assistant a respectable title. But their pay rate remained the same. In 1873 all matrosses were promoted to the rank of gunner. The rank of matross was no longer used.

A soldier's manual for artillery used by Americans in the Revolutionary war gave a detailed instruction for a matross. In part it said:

By the War of 1812 an ideal gun crew could be up to 15 men. Each man would have a specific task in the sequence of loading and firing the artillery piece. Often a non-commissioned officer would commanded the gun crew and aimed the gun. Like the other gun crew members, the matross had a specific place to stand as he performed his duties.

<br>

2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 3

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 3 was one of the European qualifying groups for the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup. In the end, Switzerland were group winners. The top scorer was Lara Dickenmann of Switzerland with 10 goals.

Afghanistan national football team

Afghanistan national football team is the national football team of Afghanistan.

Aruba national football team

Aruba national football team is the national football team of Aruba.

Bahamas national football team

Bahamas national football team is the national football team of Bahamas.

David Rotem

David Rotem (‎; 11 January 1949 – 8 June 2015) was an Israeli politician. He served as a member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu between 2007 and 2015. He was born in Bnei Brak to a Orthodox Jewish family, and grew up in Jerusalem.

Rotem died from cardiac arrest on 8 June 2015 in Efrat, West Bank, aged 66.

Iceland women's national football team

The Iceland women's national football team is a women's association football team that represents Iceland. Although the team has not qualified for a FIFA Women's World Cup, it has been at two UEFA Women's Championship tournaments. As of 8 June 2015, The top scorer is Margrét Lára Viðarsdóttir with 70 goals, and the woman with the most appearances is Katrín Jónsdóttir with 132 caps.

Official website

Katrín Jónsdóttir

Katrín Jónsdóttir (born on 31 May 1977 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is former Icelandic association football defender who played for various clubs throughout Norway, Iceland and Sweden, most notably Valur. She was a regular in the Iceland women's national football team, and she now has the record for the most appearances for the team.

She has played for the Icelandic clubs of Valur, Breiðablik UBK, Stjarnan; the Norwegian club of Kolbotn Fotball; and the Swedish clubs of Umeå IK and Djurgårdens IF.

Jónsdóttir played for the Under-17 and Under 21 Icelandic youth teams. She made her senior team debut in May of 1994 in a exhibition game against Scotland. 

She helped Iceland qualify for the UEFA Women's Championship in 2009, however, her team lost all three group stage matches against Norway, France and Germany.

She appeared in the UEFA Women's Euro 2013 and helped her team advance to the knockout stage, where Iceland would eventually get knocke out in the quarter-finals against Sweden.





Francisca Ordega

Francisca Ordega (born 19 October 1993 in Nigeria) is a Nigerian association football forward who currently plays for the American club of Washington Spirit and the Nigeria women's national football team. She has appeared in the 2010 African Women's Championship, 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup and the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup.


Bahrain national football team

Bahrain national football team is the national football team of Bahrain.

Edmonton (disambiguation)

Edmonton is the capital city of the Canadian province Alberta. It may also refer to:







Wapping

Wapping is an area in East London. It is in the borough of Tower Hamlets, in London, United Kingdom. Wapping is by the River Thames (the longest river in England). Wapping was probably named by the Saxons when they lived here. Their leader was named Waeppa. England's first marine police force was created in 1798 in Wapping. There were 163 bombs dropped in Wapping (including St Katherine's docks) during World War II. This was from October 7, 1940 to June 6, 1941. There is a famous landmark in Wapping called the Prospect of Whitby which is a very famous pub.

In Wapping there are two primary schools. St. Peter's London Docks primary school and Hermitage primary school.

<br>

Deepin

Deepin is a free operating system that uses the Linux kernel.

It is one of the most popular Chinese Linux distributions and it is based on Debian. The goal with deepin is to make it easy to use and install onto a computer. deepin can be used on all types of personal computers. deepin is downloaded as a DVD, which is free to download on the deepin website. It can be installed or tested by running the DVD.

Started in 2004, deepin has been developed at a fast rate by Wuhan Deepin Technology Co., Ltd, a Chinese company.

The release cycle has followed various schedules but currently aims at four releases per year. Releases are delayed if the work of development and testing has not been completed.
deepin is based on Debian and both distributions have a lot in common. Both distributions use the same software repositories. Most differences are on the desktop. Debian has a vastly larger support community than deepin. However, the majority of Debian help and advice is also applicable to deepin. Debian and deepin support also x86-64 CPU architecture.

Many popular multimedia codecs are not installed by default in deepin. deepin and many other gratis GNU/Linux distributions such as Debian and Ubuntu, do not distribute these codecs with the initial install media due to patent encumberment issues.

deepin 2014.x was based on Ubuntu; Ubuntu and deepin both focus on usability, but deepin offers a different user experience (DDE) and it includes a number of applications that are not available in Ubuntu (Deepin Store).



FC Bayern Munich (women)

The FC Bayern Munich women is a German women's association football club that is from Munich, Germany. The team was successful in the 1970's, but unlike the male team, the club has been battling relegation until the 2010's. They won the Frauen Bundesliga for the first time in their 2014–15 season.


Extragalactic astronomy

Extragalactic astronomy is astronomy about objects outside our Milky Way galaxy. It is the study of everything that is not covered in galactic astronomy: the study of objects in our galaxy.

Because of improvements in technology, we can see distant objects in more detail. Two versions of extragalactic astronomy are: near-extragalactic astronomy (the study of galaxies in our Local Group) and far-extragalactic astronomy (the study of objects outside our Local Group). 

Pages on extragalactic astronomy include:

Snapchat

Snapchat is a photo sharing app. Using the app, people can take pictures, add a text or drawing and send them to a list of contacts. The service started in September 2011. At first it was intended to send selfies that would disappear quickly but people learned how to save the pictures.

In June 2017 the app added "Snap Map". Snap Map is a feature that broadcasts the user's location on a map. This caused concerns over privacy and safety. 

Reus

Reus is a city in Catalonia, Spain. It is the capital of Baix Camp, in the province of Tarragona. The area has always been an important producer of wines and spirits. It was famous at one time for its brandy. Today Reus is a popular center for rock-climbing. As of 2014, 104,962 people live in the city. The famous architect, Antoni Gaudí, was born in Reus. The poet and playwright Joaquín Bartrina (1850–1880) was born in Reus.

<br>

Valur

Knattspyrnufélagið Valur (English: Falcon Football Club; or simply known as Valur) is an Icelandic sports club. It is based in Reykjavík. The club originally was made for association football. It later brought in handball and basketball. The club is very successful in Iceland. They have won multiple trophies in all sports.





Raheem Sterling

Raheem Shaquille Sterling (born 8 December 1994) is an English football player. He currently plays for the English Premier League team Chelsea in the winger position. He received the Golden Boy award for 2014 from a pan-European panel of sports journalists.

Zin Mar Aung

Zin Mar Aung (; born 14 June 1976) is a Burmese activist. She received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S State Department in 2012.

Zin Mar Aung studied botany in the university. She received a degree from the University of Distance Education in Yangon. 

Zin Mar Aung was part of the Burma democracy movement. Because of this, she was a political prisoner for eleven years. She started a group for Asian culture and democracy. She also started a group to help women who were political prisoners. She also helped start a group for women's empowerment. In 2012, she became the leader of an organization for ethnic minorities in war areas. In 2013 she started to work with the International Foundation for Electoral Systems on women’s political empowerment under the Global Women’s Leadership Fund.


Raj Reddy

Dabbala Rajagopal (Raj) Reddy (born Kattoor, India 19 June 1937) is an Indian computer scientist and Carnegie Mellon University professor. He is noted for his contributions to artificial intelligence, robotics and speech recognition.

Reddy developed Hearsay I, the first speech recognition system, which is the foundation for all commercial speech recognition programs today. He received his master's degree in computer science at the University of New South Wales in 1961 and his PhD from Stanford University in 1966.

Reddy served on the faculty of Stanford and Carnegie Mellon University for over 40 years. He has won many international awards for his work, including the Turing Award (which is computer science's greatest honor), membership in the National Academy of Engineering and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the Legion of Honour, the IBM Research Ralph Gomory Fellow Award, the Padma Bhushan, the Okawa Prize, the Honda Prize, the IJCAI Donald E. Walker Distinguished Service Award, and the Vannevar Bush Award.

"Raj Reddy." World of Computer Science. Gale, 2006. Biography in Context. Web. 8 May 2015.
"Dr Raj Reddy makes PCs talk the masses language." Businessline. 21 Dec. 2004 eLibrary. Web. 29 May. 2015.
http://amturing.acm.org/award_winners/reddy_9634208.cfm
http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/1533587/Raj-Reddy

Samar Badawi

Samar Mohammad Badawi (Arabic: سمر بدوي born 1981) is a Saudi Arabian human rights activist. In 2012, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. State department.

Samar started a court case against her father, who abused her for 15 years. She accused her father of "adhl", because he did not permit her to marry. Samar's father started a court case against her. He accused her of disobedience, because he was her guardian. In Saudi Arabia, all women must have a guardian. Samar went to jail in April 2010. In October 2010, she got out of jail, after an international campaign. Her uncle became her new guardian.

Samar tried to register to vote in the 2011 Saudi Arabian elections. Her registration was refused. She started a court case against the Ministry of Municipal and Rural affairs.

In 2011 and 2012, Samar was part of the Women to drive movement. She drove regularly, and she helped other women drivers with police and court cases. In November 2011, Samar and Manal al-Sharif applied for driver's licenses. Their applications were refused. They filed charges with the Grievances Board against the Saudi Arabian General Directorate of Traffic.

In November 2013, Samar wrote on Twitter that she received American nationality.

On 16 September 2014, Samar went to a meeting of the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva, Switzerland. She represented the organizations Americans for Democracy and Human Rights in Bahrain (ADHRB), the Bahrain Institute of Rights and Democracy (BIRD), and Human Rights Watch in Saudi Arabia. She spoke about Human Rights advocates in Saudi Arabia, and her husband, Waleed Abulkhair. Her husband was in jail because he was an activist.

On 18 September 2014, Samar met with the High Commissioner of Human Rights, Prince Zeid bin Ra'ad. On 20 September 2014, she went to the US, where she met with US Senators and Secretaries and with human rights organizations. She talked about her husband and others who were in jail. After that, Samar said she received a threat from the Secretary of Foreign Minister of Saudi Arabia to stop talking about human rights. She returned to Saudi Arabia, but the government took her passport.

On 2 December 2014, Samar went to King Abdulaziz International Airport, to go to Brussels, Belgium for the 16th European Union (EU) NGOs Forum on Human Rights. Passport officials said she was not permitted to travel abroad.


Shad Begum

Shad Begum (شاد بیگم) is a social worker from Pakistan. In 2012 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State. 

Shad comes from a conservative and religious family. She is the first woman in her family to study in a university. Shad's family supports the political party named Jamaat-i-Islami, a conservative religious party. Shad says she always got support for her work from her father, her brothers, and her husband. 

In 1994, Shad started the Association for Behaviour and Knowledge Transformation (ABKT). The organization helps women in the area with projects for education, politics, and health. It also has projects for bridges, pumps, wells, streets, and loans for small business. The association gets its money from the Pakistani government and from international groups.

Shad had many problems because the society is conservative and dominated by men. There are very few working women. When the Taliban came to the area, Shad was threatened, so she moved the office to Peshawar. When Shad received the International Women of Courage Award, she asked news reporters not to write about it, because she was afraid. 


Maryam Durani

Maryam Durani (مَریَم دورانی) (born 1987) is an activist and women's advocate. In 2012 she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

Mariyam is the daughter of Haji Mohammad Eisa Durani. She is from the Durrani tribe. Maryam graduated from the American University of Afghanistan. She has a degree in business. She also studied law and political science. 

Mariyam was Kandahar people’s representative in the provincial council. She was director of Khadijatul Kubra women's association for culture. She was the owner of Merman Radio of Kandahar, a special women's radio. She started the Kandahar women's advocacy network. Maryam also started Malalai Maiwandi Internet cafe, a free women's internet cafe. It is a safe space for women to use the internet, and the first of its kind in Afghanistan. 

In 2012, Time Magazine chose Maryam as one of "The 100 Most Influential People in the World". According to Time, "As the owner and operator of a radio station (Merman Radio) that focuses on women's issues and as a member of the Kandahar provincial council, Durani stands up for the region's women with remarkable bravery."

In March 8, 2012 she received the U.S. Secretary of State’s International Women of Courage Award.

In May 2014, Maryam received the Roosevelt Four Freedoms Award in Middelburg, the Netherlands. Freedom of Speech and Expression 


Pricilla de Oliveira Azevedo

Pricilla de Oliveira Azevedo is a Brazilian police officer. In 2012 she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

In 1998, de Oliveira joined the Rio de Janeiro military police. In 2000 she started work in street operations. In 2007, she was attacked and kidnapped. She escaped and arrested three of her kidnappers.

In 2008 she became head of the first “Police Pacification Unit” (UPP) in Rio de Janeiro. In 2013, a man disappeared in Rocinha. The officers of the Police Pacification Unit were accused of being part of the crime. De Oliveira became head of the police unit. 

In 2012 De Oliveira received the International Women of Courage award, and "Veja" magazine named her Defender of the City.


Amor de barrio

Amor de barrio (English title: "Love from the Hood"), is a Mexican telenovela produced by Roberto Hernández for Televisa. It is a remake of the 1979 Mexican telenovela, "Muchacha de barrio". Production of "Amor de barrio" began on February 23, 2015.

The telenovela began airing on June 8, 2015. The program is expected to have 210 episodes.

Mane de la Parra, Renata Notni, Alejandra García and Pedro Moreno star as the main characters.

Living and working in the colorful neighborhood, La Lagunilla, two friends, Paloma and Laura, long for respective boyfriends and true love. Paloma, a law student and waitress, falls for Daniel, a wealthy doctor with a manipulative mother and a family filled with secrets. Laura finds love with Daniel's cousin, Raul, a business manager with his own complicated past.

Hana El Hebshi

Hana Elhebshi or Hana El Hebshi is a Libyan activist and architect. In 2012 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

During the Libyan revolution, Hana advised NATO on strikes. She also made public how many people Gaddafi's government killed during the war. She did this under the name "Numidia". She also fought for women's rights in Libya.


Gwen Verdon

Gwen Verdon (January 13, 1925 – October 18, 2000) was an American dancer and actress. She acted on stage and in movies. She won four Tony Awards for her musical comedy performances. In the musical "Damn Yankees", she played Lola. She played Abigail in "The Farmer Takes a Wife".

Verdon was born in Culver City, California. She died following a heart attack in Vermont at age 75.

Kim Stanley

Patricia Kimberley Reid (later called Kim Stanley; February 11, 1925 – August 20, 2001) was an American actress. She acted mostly in theater and television. She also acted in a few movies.

Stanley began her acting career in theater. She received the 1952 Theatre World Award for her role in "The Chase" (1952). During the 1950s, she worked a lot in television. She played Emily Ann Faulkner in "The Goddess" (1959). She later played Adult Scout in "To Kill a Mockingbird".

Stanley was born in Tularosa, New Mexico. She died in Santa Fe, New Mexico from uterine cancer.

Apache Indian

Steven Kapur (born 11 May 1967), also known as Apache Indian, is a UK vocalist, singer/songwriter and reggae DJ. He is noted for a distinctive vocal style. It is a mix of Asian, Jamaican and English cultural elements. Apache Indian was the earliest UK artist of Asian origin to make an impact on the UK charts with a series of hits during the nineties.



Renata Notni

Renata Notni (born January 2, 1995 in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico) is a Mexican actress and model.

Notni was born in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico. As a child, she attended acting lessons at Centro de Educación Artística, the children's version of drama school. Centro de Educación Artística is run by Televisa in Mexico City.

Notni had a relationship with Diego Amozurrutia. The relationship ended but they remain friends. She currently resides in Mexico City.

<br>

Mentone, Texas

Mentone is a census-designated place in the state of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of and only town in Loving County. In 2020, 22 people lived there. It was named for an abandoned city in Loving County, which has been named by a surveyor for his city of birth, Menton, France.

Kenya Airways

Kenya Airways is the flag carrier of Kenya. It began in 1977 after East African Airways stopped flying. Its main hub is at JKIA. In 1995, KLM and Kenya Airways signed a codeshare agreement. KLM purchased 26% of Kenya airline's shares. Kenya Airways joined the SkyTeam alliance in 2010 as a full member. As of 2015, the airline has 43 airplanes. They fly to Africa, Europe and Asia.

, the Kenya Airways fleet consists of the following aircraft:

<br>

Mentone

Mentone may mean one of many places:

Also, Menton, France can be "Mentone".

Saint Martin (disambiguation)

Saint Martin is an island in the Caribbean Sea.

It can also refer to:

Taos Pueblo

Taos Pueblo is a small pueblo in New Mexico. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. 

Fu Manchu

Dr. Fu Manchu is a fictional character in novels by British author Sax Rohmer in the first half of the 20th century.

The character was also featured in cinema, television, radio, comic strips and comic books for over 90 years He is an archetype of the evil genius.

The author's description of him was:

A master criminal, Fu Manchu's murderous plots are marked by a use of biological warfare. He usually avoids guns or explosives, preferring dacoits, thuggee, and members of other secret societies as his agents. They use knives, or "pythons and cobras ... fungi and my tiny allies, the bacilli ... my black spiders" and other peculiar animals or natural chemical weapons.

In the earliest books, Fu Manchu is an agent of the secret society, the "Si-Fan". and is the mastermind behind a wave of assassinations of Western imperialists. In later books, he seeks control of the Si-Fan. The Si-Fan is largely funded through criminal activities, particularly the drug trade and white slavery. Dr. Fu Manchu has extended his already considerable lifespan by use of the "elixir vitae" (elixir of life), a formula he spent decades trying to perfect.

Fu Manchu is opposed by a typical English detective of the Sherlock Holmes type: Denis Nayland Smith. Fu Manchu's daughter, Fah Lo Suee, is a devious mastermind in her own right, plotting to usurp her father's position in the Si-Fan, and aiding his enemies within and outside of the organisation. Her real name is unknown; Fah lo Suee was a childhood term of endearment. She has been played by Anna May Wong, Myrna Loy, and several other actresses.

Dr. Fu Manchu has been criticized as an overtly racist creation. A review in "The Independent", says "These magnificently absurd books, glowing with a crazed exoticism, are really far less polar, less black-and-white, less white-and-yellow, than they first seem".

Actors who have played Fu Manchu in movies include Boris Karloff (once), Warner Oland (four times), and Christopher Lee (five times).

Actresses who played his daughter Fa Lo Suee include Myrna Loy and Anna May Wong, but most of all by Tsai Chin, who played the role five times in the 1960s. The character of Fa Lo Suee was usually renamed to a form which could be pronounced more easily.

The other female character who appears in several of the stories, and hence in some of the films, is Karamaneh, styled "Kâramanèh".
The story-line is that she was sold to the Si-Fan by Egyptian slave traders while she was still a child. She appears in five novels of the series as a love interest.


Modding in Grand Theft Auto

Grand Theft Auto is a series of video games created by a company named Rockstar Games. The game is very popular in the world. Due to this popularity it has become a platform to develop small programs which are called mods. The full form is modifications. The name itself suggests that it makes small modifications in the game and gives it special abilities which have not given by the creators.

There are several websites on the web which provide mods of most of the GTA games. Some mods are installed externally in the game directory while installing some mods require to replace it with an original file.

People could install many mods and create their own GTA with new players, missions, etc. The web is already filled with many mods.

Mods are modifications created by the community to change or expand the game. Mods are about adding new functions, improvements or even completely new game elements GTA. GTA Roleplay stands for roleplay in the world of Grand Theft Auto, giving players the unique opportunity to slip into the skin of different characters and write their own story. Whether as a gangster boss on the streets or a police officer for law and order - there are no limits to creativity in GTA 6 RP. Unlike in GTA Online, players in GTA RP can communicate with other players via voice chat.

Wage theft

Wage theft is when employers illegally hold back money due to their workers (employees). They may withhold wages or deny benefits that are rightfully due to an employee. It is a term used in the in the United States, but the idea applies more widely. 

Examples are: failure to pay overtime, paying less than the minimum wage, illegal deductions in pay, working off the clock, or not being paid at all.

Wage theft from low wage immigrant workers is common in the United States. The Economic Policy Institute reported in 2014 that survey evidence suggests wage theft costs US workers billions of dollars a year. The rights violated by wage theft have been guaranteed to workers in the United States in the 1938 Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA).

In February 2010 Miami-Dade County, Florida became the first jurisdiction in America to ban wage theft. Before that, wage theft was called "the crime wave that almost no one talks about".

Voice-over

A voice-over is a technique used in movies, television, theater, and many other types of presentation. When voice-over is used, the sound of the voice is used over other images. The character doing the voice-over is not seen.

Edward MacDowell

Edward Alexander MacDowell (December 18, 1860January 23, 1908) was an American composer and pianist of the Romantic period. His best known works include his two piano concertos and his piano collections "Woodland Sketches, Sea Pieces" and "New England Idylls". "Woodland Sketches" includes his most popular short piece, "To a Wild Rose". In 1904 he was one of the first seven Americans made members in the American Academy of Arts and Letters.


George Caleb Bingham

George Caleb Bingham (March 20, 1811 – July 7, 1879) was an American artist. His paintings of American life in the frontier lands along the Missouri River are good examples of the Luminist style. Bingham was little-known in his time. His work was rediscovered in the 1930s. By 2011, he was considered one of the greatest American painters of the 19th century. 



Nathan Hale

Nathan Hale (June 6, 1755 – September 22, 1776) was a soldier in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War. He volunteered for a spying mission in New York City, but was captured by the British and executed. He is probably best remembered for possibly saying before being hanged: "I only regret that I have but one life to give for my country." Hale has long been considered an American hero. In 1985, he was officially designated the state hero of Connecticut.

Thomas D. Rice

Thomas Dartmouth Rice (May 20, 1808 – September 19, 1860) was an American entertainer. He developed a character called Jim Crow. Using African-American speech, song, and dance, Rice performed successfully as Jim Crow in America and England. Rice is known as the "Father of the Minstrel Show". 

Rice was born in New York City in 1808. He had some formal schooling, and was apprenticed to a woodcarver in his teens. By 1827 though, he had entered the entertainment field and was acting in theaters around the United States.

About 1828, Rice developed a burnt-cork blackface character called Jim Crow. This character was a witty, raggedy black man, and was based on a real-life black stableman Rice saw singing and dancing to a tune called "Jump Jim Crow". By 1830, Rice was performing in theaters as Jim Crow. His act was widely popular in America and England. 

In the last quarter of the nineteenth century, "Jim Crow" became a term used to describe racial segregation laws in the United States. Whites referred to all black males as "Jim Crows". Rice wrote and appeared in "Ginger Blue, Jim Crow in London", and a comic rendition of "Othello". He also appeared on Broadway as the title character in an adaptation of "Uncle Tom's Cabin".

About 1840, Rice began to suffer from a paralysis that affected his speech and movement. He died of a stroke on September 19, 1860, and was buried in Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, New York. 


Wang Lisi

Wang Lisi (; born 28 November 1991 in Nanjing, China) is a Chinese association football midfielder who currently plays for Jiangsu Huatai and the China women's national football team.


LED lamp

A LED lamp is a product that uses a Light-emitting diode and that is assembled into a lamp or a light bulb. LED lamps last much longer, and are more efficient than incandescent lamps. Many LED lamps are also better than fluorescent lamps. 

Unlike fluorescent lamps, most LED lamps do not need to "warm up" before they emit the full amount of light.

China women's national football team

The China women's national football team is the women's association football team that plays on behalf of Mainland China.

"As of 12 June 2015"

Barbara Mikulski

Barbara Ann Mikulski (born July 20, 1936) is an American politician. In January 2007, she became the senior United States Senator from Maryland. She is a member of the U.S. Democratic Party. Mikulski was first elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1986. She was elected to the Senate in 1986. Mikulski is the longest serving woman in the history of the United States Congress.

Senator Mikulski retired in 2017.

Mikulski was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

2014 AFC Women's Asian Cup

The 2014 AFC Women's Asian Cup was the 18th edition of the AFC Women's Asian Cup. It was won by Japan, who got their first title.

These teams automatically qualified for the tournament because they were in the top 4 of the previous tournament. The North Korea team wasn't allowed to be in the tournament because of a doping scandal in the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.

These teams were in the tournament because they won their qualification group.








AFC Women's Asian Cup

The AFC Women's Asian Cup is a women's association football tournament for teams in Asia. The most successful team is currently the China women's national football team with 8 titles.


Yang Li (footballer)

Yang Li (Traditional Chinese: 楊麗; Simplified Chinese: 杨丽; born in Lianyungang, China on 26 February 1993) is a Chinese association football forward who plays for the China women's national football team. She was one of the top scorers in the 2014 AFC Women's Asian Cup.

China PR national football team



1968–71 Nordic Football Championship

The 1968–71 Nordic Football Championship was the 10th Nordic Football Championship. Four Nordic countries were in the tournament, Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. Sweden ended up winning their 8th title.

Alex Morgan

Alexandra Patricia Morgan (born July 2, 1989 in San Dimas, California, United States) is a professional women's footballer. She plays as a forward for the San Diego Wave of the National Women’s Soccer League and the United States women's national soccer team (USWNT).

She won an Olympic gold medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics, a bronze medal in the 2020 Summer Olympics, and also the 2015 and 2019 World Cups with the US national team.

Morgan began her career with West Coast FC in the WPSL in 2008. Then she moved to California Storm in 2010, and later that year she moved to Pali Blues of the USL W-League. In 2011, she transferred to Western New York Flash, and in 2012, she joined Seattle Sounders. Morgan moved to Oregon to play for Portland Thorns in 2013, and she stayed with the team until 2015. Orlando Pride bought her in October 2015, and Morgan played for them from 2016 to 2019. She also played one season with Olympique Lyon in France, and she won the UEFA Women's Champions League that season. She won three trophies with Olympique Lyon.

Notes

Western New York Flash
Portland Thorns FC
Lyon



Miranda (programming language)

Miranda is a functional programming language from the 1980s. It was not seen as a tool to teach functional programming. Miranda affected other programming languages like Haskell, but it is not used very much anymore.

History of the geologic time scale

This article describes the history of the geologic time scale.
The principles were first laid down by Nicolaus Steno in the late 17th century. Steno argued that rock layers (or strata) are laid down in succession, and that each represents a "slice" of time.

Steno formulated the principle of superposition. This says that any given stratum is probably older than those above it and younger than those below it. This principle is simple, but applying it to real rocks is complicated by their history. During the 18th century geologists realized that: 

The first serious attempts to formulate a time scale of historical geology that could be applied anywhere on Earth happened in the late 18th century. The most influential of those early attempts was led by Abraham Werner and others. They divided the rocks of the Earth's crust into four types: Primary, Secondary, Tertiary, and Quaternary. Each type of rock, according to the theory, formed during a period of Earth history. It was possible to speak of a "Tertiary period" as well as of "Tertiary rocks". Indeed, "Tertiary" (now Palaeocene-Pliocene) and "Quaternary" (now Pleistocene-Holocene) remained in use as names of geological periods well into the 21th century.

Werner had the idea that all rocks had precipitated out of a single enormous flood. That is called the Neptunist theory. A major shift in thinking came when James Hutton read his "Theory of the Earth; or, an Investigation of the Laws Observable in the Composition, Dissolution, and Restoration of Land Upon the Globe" before the Royal Society of Edinburgh in March and April 1785. James Hutton in those reading became "the founder of modern geology". Hutton suggested the interior of the Earth was hot, and that this heat was the engine which drove the creation of new rock. Land was eroded by air and water and deposited as layers in the sea; heat then consolidated the sediment into stone, and uplifted it into new lands. This theory was called Plutonist in contrast to the flood-oriented theory.

The identification of strata by the fossils they contained was pioneered by William Smith, Georges Cuvier and others in the early 19th century. Geologists could divide Earth history more precisely. If two strata (however distant in space or different in composition) contained the same fossils, chances were good that they had been laid down at the same time. Detailed studies between 1820 and 1850 of the strata and fossils of Europe produced the sequence of geological periods still used today. Cuvier thought many of the geological features of the Earth could be explained by catastrophic events which had caused the extinction of many species of animals. Over the course of his career, Cuvier came to believe there had not been a single catastrophe, but several, resulting in a succession of different faunas.

British geologists were most active in the 19th century. The "Cambrian," (the Roman name for Wales) and the "Ordovician," and "Silurian", named after ancient Welsh tribes, were periods defined by Welsh rocks. The "Devonian" was named after the English county of Devon, and the name "Carboniferous" was simply an adaptation of "the Coal Measures," the old British geologists' term for the same set of strata. The "Permian" was named after Perm, Russia, because it was defined using strata in that region by a Scottish geologist Roderick Murchison. British geologists were also responsible for the grouping of periods into eras and the subdivision of the Tertiary and Quaternary periods into epochs. In general, periods were named after places where the rocks were easy to see.

Geologists and paleontologists based the geologic table on the relative positions of different strata and fossils. They estimated the time scales based on studying rates of various processes. They estimated weathering, erosion, sedimentation, and how long it took to turn sediment into hard rock. The discovery of radioactivity in 1896 and its geological applications by radiometric dating happened in the first half of the 20th century. It made possible the absolute dating of rocks, and the discovery of the age of the Earth.

The International Commission on Stratigraphy is working to define exactly when geologic periods start and finish, and where the best examples are. They are called Global Boundary Stratotype Sections and Points (GSSP).

Yam

A yam is a root vegetable. It is similar to a sweet potato, but not related to them. The inside of a yam is white or orange. Yams are related to lilies and grasses.

Yam is the common name for some species in the genus "Dioscorea". These are perennial vines grown to eat. They are grown in Africa, Asia, Latin America, the Caribbean and Oceania. 95 percent of world's yam crop is harvested in West Africa.

Yam is a vegetable that can be cooked in many ways. It can be barbecued; roasted; fried; grilled; boiled; baked; smoked and when grated it is used in desserts.

Yam tubers can grow up to 1.5 meters (4.9 feet) in length and weigh up to 70 kilograms (154 lb) and 3 to 6 inches high. The skin is rough and hard to peel. It softens after heating. The inside ranges in color from white or yellow to purple or pink in mature yams.

Some people in the United States and Canada call the sweet potato a yam, but it is not a yam.

Six Flags Great America

Six Flags Great America is a theme park in Gurnee, Illinois, United States, opening in 1976.

Frank Cappuccino

Frank Capcino (February 7, 1929 – June 8, 2015), better known by his ring name Frank Cappuccino, was an American boxing referee. He was best for officiating the Mike Tyson and Michael Spinks fight on June 27, 1988 in Atlantic City, New Jersey. He played a referee in the movie "Rocky V" (1990). He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Cappuccino died from Alzheimer's disease on June 8, 2015 in Yardley, Pennsylvania, aged 86.

James Last

Hans "Hansi" Last (17 April 1929 – 9 June 2015), better known by his stage name James Last, was a German composer and big band leader. His "happy music" sold over 100 million albums. He worked in mainly his native Germany and the United Kingdom.

Last was born in Bremen. He was married twice and had two children.

Last died of an illness on 9 June 2015 in Palm Beach, Florida, United States. He was 86.


Fred Anton Maier

Fred Anton Maier (15 December 1938 – 9 June 2015) was a Norwegian speed skater. He won four Winter Olympics medals in 1964 and 1968. He was also a cyclist. He was born in Nøtterøy, Vestfold.

Maier died from cancer on 9 June 2015 in Nøtterøy, aged 76.

Jack King (NASA)

John W. "Jack" King (April 1931 – June 11, 2015) was an American public affairs officer. He was a Chief of Public Information and Public Affairs Officer for NASA. He was best known for his work as Kennedy Space Center Chief of Public Information during projects Mercury, Gemini and Apollo. Following announcing the Apollo 11, he earned him the nickname "Voice of Apollo".

King was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He was married to Evelyn until her death in 2005. They had three children. He was a Catholic.

King died from congestive heart failure on June 11, 2015 in Cocoa Beach, Florida. He was 84.

Jim Ed Brown

James Edward "Jim Ed" Brown (April 1, 1934 – June 11, 2015) was an American country music singer. He was a member of The Browns with his sisters Maxine and Bonnie Brown. He also worked with Helen Cornelius and was a solo artist. He was born in Sparkman, Arkansas.

Brown died from cancer on June 11, 2015 in Franklin, Tennessee, aged 81.

Wolfgang Jeschke

Wolfgang Jeschke (19 November 1936 – 10 June 2015) was a German sci-fi author and editor. He was best known for his novel "The Last Day of Creation" (1981). In 1987, he won the Harrison Award for international achievements in science fiction. His works were published at Heyne publishing house ().

Jeschke was in Tetschen, Czechoslovakia (now Děčín, Czech Republic). He grew up in Asperg near Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg.

Jeschke died on 10 June 2015 in Munich, aged 78.

Pedro Zerolo

Pedro González Zerolo (20 July 1960 – 9 June 2015) was a Spanish lawyer, politician, activist and town councillor. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. Zerolo, who was gay, helped Spain become the first country to recognise same-sex marriage.

Zerolo was born in Caracas, Venezuela. He married Jesús Santos, his partner of ten years, in a civil ceremony in October 2005.

Zerolo died from pancreatic cancer on 9 June 2015 in Madrid. He was 55.

Cross burning

Cross burning is a practice associated with racism. In the United States, the Ku Klux Klan burned crosses close to the homes of people they wanted to intimidate. It is unrelated to a custom called fiery cross, which was common in Northern Europe. In that custom, a burning piece of wood was used in processions, or to call people together for a rebellion.

At first, Klans during the Reconstruction period did not burn crosses. The idea was introduced by Thomas Dixon Jr. in his novel, "The Clansmen". He took it from an old Scottish custom known as the "Crann Tara," used to declare war. It also called all clan members to defend a certain area. Most of the KKK's rituals were Scottish in origin; the group saw Medieval Europe as morally pure and white. Ten years after Dixon's book, D.W. Griffith directed The Birth of a Nation, the movie version of Dixon's novel.

Cross burning in the KKK did not really start until the early 1900s. Its purpose "was" to intimidate, despite the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in 2003. The case was called Virginia v. Black. The state of Virginia passed a law saying that any cross burning would be taken as an attempt to intimidate a person/group of people. The Supreme Court decided that cross burning was not meant to intimidate, and was an act of free speech, ruling the law unconstiutional.

Wedding of Prince Carl Philip of Sweden and Sofia Hellqvist

The Wedding of Prince Carl Philip, Duke of Värmland, and Sofia Hellqvist took place on 13 June 2015 at Slottskyrkan, Stockholm. On 27 June 2014 the couple announced their engagement officially.
Swedish music performers Avicii and Icona Pop performed some of their songs at the wedding reception.

After marrying the prince Sofia Hellqvist became a princess.

Robert Chartoff

Robert Chartoff (August 26, 1933 – June 10, 2015) was an American movie producer and philanthropist. He was born in New York City. He was known for producing "The Mechanic", "Rocky", and "Raging Bull".

Chartoff died in Santa Monica, California from pancreatic cancer, aged 81.

Rupert Davies

Rupert Davies (22 May 191622 November 1976) was a British actor. He is best known for playing the title role in the BBC's 1960s television adaptation of "Maigret", based on Georges Simenon's "Maigret" novels.

Davies was born in Liverpool. He died in London from cancer, aged 60.


Ozona, Texas

Ozona is a census-designated place in the state of Texas. It is the county seat of Crockett County. It is the only settlement in the county that is recognized by the Census Bureau. About 2,663 people lived there in 2020. First named Powell Well for E.M. Powell, a surveyor who made a well and a windmill in 1891. Its name was changed to Ozona because it has much open air or ozone.

Beverlee McKinsey

Beverlee McKinsey (August 9, 1935 – May 2, 2008) was an American actress. She is best known for her roles in television soap operas. She played Iris Carrington on "Another World" and the soap opera "Texas". She also played Alexandra Spaulding on "Guiding Light".

McKinsey was born in McAlester, Oklahoma Aug. 9, 1935. In 1956 she graduated from the University of Oklahoma with a bachelor's degree. She was an actress for over 30 years. She began acting in New York theater. McKinsey was an understudy for the Neil Simon play "Barefoot in The Park". In the 1960s she performed the lead role several times. She played opposite Robert Redford. She played the role of Honey in the 1964 London production of "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" by Edward Albee. In the late 1960s McKinsey moved to Hollywood. She made guest appearances in several television series. These included "Mannix," "The Virginian" and "Hawaii Five-O." She also played supporting roles in feature films such as "Bronco Billy" with Clint Eastwood.

McKinsey played Iris Carrington on “Another World,” broadcast on NBC From 1970 to 1979. She played the same role in 1980 and 1981 on the NBC spinoff “Texas”. From 1984 to 1992 she played Alexandra Spaulding on CBS's “Guiding Light". In 1992 she decided she wanted to quit acting. She had an "out" clause in her contract making it legal to leave the show. In 1994 she returned to acting briefly as Myrna Slaughter on ABC's “General Hospital”.

McKinsey died due to complications of a kidney transplant at age 72 in Santa Maria, California.

Between 1977 and 1980, McKinsey was nominated for four Daytime Emmy Awards for outstanding lead actress. All four were for her role as Iris on Another World. 


Give You What You Like

"Give You What You Like" is a soft rock ballad from Avril Lavigne. The lyrics are about fighting loneliness by having sex. The song has gotten praise from critics for expanding Lavigne's musical diversity. "Give You What You Like" is the fifth single from Lavigne's self-titled album, "Avril Lavigne".

Critics liked "Give You What You Like". They complimented the mature sound that Lavigne showed on the song. They also liked its equally mature themes. Jason Lipshutz of "Billboard" wrote that "the bright-eyed innocence of '17' and 'Bitchin' Summer' has vanished on 'Give You What You Like'". He further called it "a harrowing glimpse inside the exchange of physical pleasures to combat loneliness". But he criticized the song's production. He ended his review by comparing Lavigne's vocals in the song to those of her 2002 hit, "I'm with You". 

Allan Raible of ABC News wrote, "As the tempos slow down, things get less juvenile and slightly more interesting. 'Give You What You Like' begins with the words, 'Please wrap your drunken arms around me.' (At last, darker material!) This is a rather sleazy song, but it is way more interesting than the shallow stabs at teen pop. At least there is some sort of grit. It's not just a middle finger (referencing the album's opening track, "Rock n Roll")."

UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying Group D

Group D of the UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying tournament was a group that decided who goes to the UEFA Euro 2016. The group included the teams Germany, Poland, Gibraltar, Republic of Ireland, Scotland and Georgia.












Ultimate Air Shuttle

Ultimate Air Shuttle is an airline from the United States. It's main hub is at Cincinnati. It's first flight was in July 2009. The airline is a "shuttle" because it flies many flights a day between the cities it goes to. 


Jan Zachariasiewicz

Jan Chryzostom Zachariasiewicz (11 September 1823 – 7 May 1906) was a Polish writer and journalist. Most of his life he lived in Lviv. He worked there as a writer in Radymno. He was born in Radymno. He died in Krzywcza.

Zachariasiewicz came from a wealthy family and he was the only child of Antonina Gwiazdowska and Aleksander Zachariasiewicz. He started his education in a Lower-Secondary School in Przemyśl. In 1842 he was arrested and sent to prison for a plot in which he did not take part. In 1844 he returned to Radymno and later went to study at the University of Lwów. He studied literature, history and Maths classes.

In his free time, Zachariasiewicz wrote in "Gazeta Lwowska" and "Dziennik Mód Paryskich." During his life he met many famous people witch whom he cooperated, e. g. Karol Szajnoch, Wincenty Pol, Kornel Ujejski, Jan Dobrzański. In 1848 he became the main editor of "Tygodnik Polski." In the 5th edition he wrote a love poem which led to closing down the newspaper and sending Zachariasiewicz to Theresienstadt fortress. After 4 years he was released and he returned to Radymno. In 1854 he came back to Lviv where he worked in "Nowiny newspaper".

Zachariasiewicz wrote many novels:


Jan Zachariasiewicz is one of the honorable citiziens of Radymno.


Magnus Härenstam

Johan Herbert Magnus Härenstam (19 June 1941 – 13 June 2015), better known as Magnus Härenstam, was a Swedish television host, actor and comedian. He hosted the Swedish version of the U.S. game show "Jeopardy!" from 1991 until 2005 before being replaced by Adam Alsing. He was also known for hosting the children's television program "Fem myror är fler än fyra elefanter" with Brasse Brännström and Eva Remaeus from 1973 until 1975. He also appeared in the comedy movies "Sällskapsresan" (1980) and "Göta kanal eller Vem drog ur proppen?" (1981). 

Härenstam was born in Västervik, Kalmar County. His autobiography was released in 2015, months before his death.

Härenstam died from spinal cancer on 13 June 2015 in Stockholm, aged 73.


In the Air Tonight

"In the Air Tonight" is a soft rock song by English drummer and singer Phil Collins. It was released on Collins' first solo album "Face Value" in 1981. The song has been featured in many advertisements such as Cadbury and movies such as "The Hangover" (2009).

The song has a long running false rumour that it was about a drowning that Collins had witnessed. American rapper Eminem made reference to this in the song "Stan".

Monica Lewis

Monica Lewis (born May Lewis; May 5, 1922 – June 12, 2015) was an American actress and jazz singer. Her career began in 1948 and ended in 1988. She was best known for her roles in the movies "Earthquake" (1974), "Rollercoaster" (1977), and both "Airport '77" (1977) and "The Concorde ... Airport '79" (1979). She was also the voice of Chiquita Banana.

Lewis was born in Chicago, Illinois. She was married twice and had three sons.

Lewis died from natural causes on June 12, 2015 at her Woodland Hills apartment in Los Angeles, California. She was 93.


Meg Turney

Megan "Meg" Turney (born March 12, 1987) is an American internet personality, cosplayer, and model. Turney is known for her online media presence. She is most noted for her work with the online series "SourceFed" and later Rooster Teeth. Turney is also known for her cosplaying at various conventions such as Comic-Con.

During her early years Turney hosted event coverage for deviantART. She appeared as a featured host on CraveOnline's "TechKnow" show. In July 2012, Turney would make her debut as a host of the YouTube channel "SourceFed", where she and her co-host spoke about "Star Wars". Along with being a host for the channel, Turney would also write stories for the "SourceFed" website. Turney would stay as a host of the channel, as well as its sister channel, "SourceFed Nerd", until April 2014. During this time period, Turney also hosted for the American Music Awards' "On Demand" series, as well as "Nerdist News".

After leaving "SourceFed", Turney became a host for Rooster Teeth's channel, "The Know". She made her first appearance on the channel on June 1, 2014. On joining Rooster Teeth, Turney said, "They have been pioneers in the industry for many years, and their level of originality and just plain fun in their content is unmatched in the space." In August 2014, Turney began co-hosting "The Know It All: Leaderboard", a joint series of Rooster Teeth and "The Daily Dot".

In addition to her work online, Turney is also known for her cosplaying career. Turney was introduced to cosplaying by her friend, when she invited Turney to Ushicon 1 in 2002. "Gamer Headlines" wrote that Turney is, "known for her high quality cosplay and saucy lingerie photos." She appeared on the Syfy series "Heroes of Cosplay" in June 2014.

Aside from cosplaying, Turney also has experience with modeling. In April 2015, "FHM" placed Turney at #20 on their yearly "100 Sexiest Women in the World" list.


Fernando Brant

Fernando Rocha Brant (9 October 1946 – 12 June 2015) was a Brazilian poet, lyricist and journalist. He was best known for his partnership with singer-songwriter and guitarist Milton Nascimento. This resulted in over 200 songs recorded by the most respected artists in Brazil. He was born in Caldas, Minas Gerais.

Brant died from problems caused by a second liver transplant on 12 June 2015 in Belo Horizonte. He was 68.

Caldas, Minas Gerais

Caldas is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast Region of Brazil.

Adam Hicks

Adam Paul Nielson Hicks (born November 28, 1992) is an American actor, rapper, singer, and songwriter. His first leading role was in "How to Eat Fried Worms". Hicks is best known for playing Luther in the Disney XD series "Zeke and Luther". He also played Wendell "Wen" Gifford in the film "Lemonade Mouth". Hicks had a recurring role in the second season of "Jonas L.A." as DZ. Hicks also played Boz in the Disney XD Original Series "Pair of Kings".
In addition to acting, Hicks was a rapper, singer, and songwriter. On April 12, 2011 Hicks released his first album Lemonade Mouth a soundtrack album.

He was born in Las Vegas, Nevada to Ronald Hicks and Lucy Hicks. He has a younger brother, Tristan Hicks (born April 16, 1997)

On January 25, 2018, Adam Hicks was arrested in Burbank, California for armed robbery. He not guilty to all charges.

On July 8, 2021, Hicks was found Guilty for the armed robbery charges, He was sentenced to five years in state prison and received 3 years probation.


Benajarafe Beach

Benajarafe Beach is a beach of Vélez-Málaga, in Costa del Sol, province of Malaga, Andalusia, Spain. It's a dark sand semi-urban beach with a moderate swell. It is located in the borough of Benajarafe. It has about long and deep. The beach only has basic services.

Philippine Airlines

Philippine Airlines is the flag carrier and largest airline of the Philippines. It began in February 1941. It is the oldest airline of Asia. is the of Philippine Airlines.


Yi (dinosaur)

Yi is a genus of climbing and gliding dinosaurs from the Jurassic of China. Its only species, Yi qi is known from a single fossil specimen of an adult found in middle or late Jurassicof Hebei, China. It lived about 160 million years ago. 

"Yi" was a small, possibly tree-dwelling (arboreal) animal. Like other of its family, "Yi" had an unusual, elongated third finger. This helped to support a membranous gliding plane (aerofoil) made of skin. 

The gliding planes of "Yi qi" were also supported by a long, bony strut attached to the wrist. This modified wrist bone and gliding membrane is unique among all known dinosaurs, and might have resulted in wings similar in appearance to those of bats.

Chevrolet Equinox

The Chevrolet Equinox is a mid-sized crossover CUV sold by Chevrolet. It was introduced for the 2005 model year. It is General Motors' third unibody crossover SUV. The first two were the Pontiac Aztek and Buick Rendezvous. The Equinox is built on an extended version of GM's Theta platform, it is the second vehicle to use this platform the Vue was the first. The Equinox replaces the S10 Blazer and Tracker. From 2005-2009 a rebadged model was sold under Pontiac as the Pontiac Torrent. The Torrent replaced the Aztek. The Equinox was redesigned in 2010 giving it a more contemporary look. Chevrolet announced that in 2016 the Equinox would be redesigned as a compact crossover, this will allow the automaker to introduce a new midsize crossover with third row seating. This decision was made because of competition from other automakers who offer midsize CUVs with a third row.

<br>

Koyashskoye Salt Lake

Koyashskoye or Koyashs'ke is a salt lake on the coast of the Kerch Peninsula in Crimea Ukraine. It is separated from the Black Sea by a strip of land. It is and deep. The water color varies from pink to the scarlet, depending on the light, because there are microscopic algae living in the water. When the water evaporates, it leaves a deposit of salt on the stones and the shores. The salt becomes crystal, producing crystal stones and the scent of viola.

This lake is considered healing and is appreciated by some local people. It is not widely known to tourists.

Catnip

Nepeta cataria, catnip or catmint, is a species of the genus "Nepeta". It is in the Lamiaceae family. The name "catmint" is sometimes used for the genus as a whole. Some plants can cause diarrhea to cats.

Catnip, and some other species in the genus "Nepeta", is known for its effects on cat behaviour. Cats rub on the plant, roll on the ground, paw at it, lick it, and chew it. Some leap about and purr, some cry out. Cats do it for about five to fifteen minutes, after which olfactory fatigue usually sets in. 

The nepetalactone in catnip acts as a feline attractant after it enters the cat's nose. At the olfactory epithelium, the nepetalactone binds to one or more olfactory receptors.

The catnip effect works on the whole cat family, not just on domestic cats. Several tests showed that leopards, cougars, servals, and lynxes often reacted strongly to catnip in a manner similar to domestic cats. Lions and tigers may react strongly as well, but they don't react all the time.

With domestic cats, "N. cataria" is a recreational substance for pets to enjoy. Catnip and catnip-laced products are available to consumers. 
Not all cats are affected by catnip; roughly one third are not affected by the plant. The behavior is hereditary.

Some other plants also have a similar effect on cats, include valerian ("Valeriana officinalis").

Elsa &amp; Fred (2014 movie)

Elsa & Fred is a 2014 American comedy-drama movie directed by Michael Radford. It stars Shirley MacLaine and Christopher Plummer. The movie, set and filmed in New Orleans. It is an English-language remake of the 2005 Argentinian movie of the same name. It was released on November 7, 2014.

Drs. P

Heinz Hermann Polzer (; 24 August 1919 – 13 June 2015), better known under his pseudonym Drs. P (), was a Swiss singer-songwriter, poet, and prose writer in the Dutch language. Other pseudonyms were Geo Staad, Coos Neetebeem (a variant of the name of Dutch writer Cees Nooteboom) and drandus P.

Drs. P. died at the age of 95 in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.

Hugo Blanco (musician)

Hugo Blanco (September 25, 1940 – June 14, 2015) was a popular Venezuelan musician. He was best known as the author of "Moliendo Café" and other songs like "El Burrito de Belén" (also known as "El Burrito Sabanero"), "Leche Condensada", "Luces de Caracas", "Sierra Nevada", "Mañanita Zuliana", and others. "Moliendo Café", has become one of the most recognized Venezuelan songs in all the world.

Blanco was born and died in Caracas, Venezuela.

Manuel Alexandre

Manuel Alexandre Abarca (11 November 1917 – 12 October 2010) was a Spanish movie and television actor. He was known for his role as Fred in the 2005 movie "Elsa & Fred".

National Wen-Hua Senior High School

National Wen-Hua Senior High School is a public school in Taichung, Taiwan. It is one of the five best schools in central Taiwan for students in grades 9 through grade 12. It was founded by the government of Taiwan Province in 1989. A school for intermediate education was needed because of a large population growth in the area.

There are both boys and girls at the school. Some students live at the school. The school is well known for the dancing class, science and math class, and humanities class.

The school is close to the National Museum of Natural Science, the Taichung city government area, and the Taichung International Gateway District. In addition there is a Taichung metro station for rapid transit travel.



Leshy

Leshy (, in English sometimes spelled Leshii or Leszi) is a mythical creature that appears in Slavic mythology. It is also the subject in “The Witcher” Saga written by Andrzej Sapkowski.

A Leshy is male and human in shape and can assume any form. A Leshy can change in size and height. In some accounts, the leshy is described as having a wife ("leshachikha/leszachka/lesovikha") and children ("leshonki/leszonky"). Because he is known to lead travelers astray and abduct children, which he shares with Chort, or "The Black One," the Leshy is believed by some to be evil. Others view him as more of a temperamental being like a fairy.

In beliefs of Slavic people, Leshy appears in forests. He’s kind of a protector of the forest and everything that lives in it. His natural form looks like a human but he can easily shapeshift into any plant or animal. A Leshy has long hair and beard made of grass. It can appear in human shape or can change in size from a tall tree to a single blade of grass.
In Sapkowski's "The Witcher" (Polish: Wiedźmin), a leshy is a monster that lives in the forest. It has been described as something that "lives only to kill". When they kill something or a human, they do not leave much for the carrion eaters.

In the "Witcher" video game, a Leshy is a highly intelligent monster that lives in forest. Common people thinks that he is like a friendly sentinel of the forest. That is not true. This is a very dangerous creature that hunts down whatever lives and moves. It can polymorph. In its primary form the creature looks like a bear and wildcat combined. It has long fangs and sharp claws. When it hunts it lurks among the tree branches and then jumps on its victims. Usually it eats its victim whole.


El Taref

El Taref () is a town in Algeria. It is the capital of the El Tarf Province. In 1998, it had a population of 20,263.

Buddy Boudreaux

John Landry “Buddy” Boudreaux (December 27, 1917 – June 13, 2015) was an American big band and jazz musician. He was born in Donaldsonville, Louisiana. He played saxophone and clarinet. Since 1934, he directed and played in a number of bands that have toured the southern United States and drawn nationally known performers to Baton Rouge. 

The State-Times newspaper called him “the city’s sound of big band.” His bands backed such artists as Andy Williams, Bernadette Peters, Doc Severinsen, Dionne Warwick, Gladys Knight and the Pips, Burt Bacharach, Johnny Mathis, The Four Tops, Bob Hope, George Burns and Joan Rivers. He opened shows for Tony Bennett, Tony Orlando, Louise Mandrell, The Beach Boys and Bill Cosby. He was co-author—with his barber, Michael T. Abadie—of “My Baton Rouge,” which in 1998 was declared the city’s official song.

Boudreaux died at the age of 97 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

Jean Doré

Jean Doré (12 December 1944 – 15 June 2015) was a politician. He served as Mayor of Montreal, Quebec from 1986 through 1994.

Doré died of pancreatic cancer in Montreal, aged 70.

Jineth Bedoya Lima

Jineth Bedoya Lima (Arabic: هناء الحبشي born c. 1974) is a Colombian journalist. She wrote about the illegal gun trade. She was kidnapped in May 2000 and August 2003. In 2001, she received the Courage in Journalism Award from the International Women's Media Foundation. In 2012, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U. S. Department of State.

In 2000, Bedoya was kidnapped. She worked at the newspaper "El Espectador" in Bogota, Colombia. Her job was to write about the Colombian war against terrorism. On 25 May, she went to La Modelo prison in Bogota. She planned to talk to a leader called "the Baker". She was afraid of a trap, so she went with an editor and photographer from "El Espectador" newspaper. While she waited to go into the prison, they were separated, and Bedoya disappeared. 

Three men kidnapped Bedoya. They said their boss was paramilitary leader Carlos Castaño. In May 2011, the police arrested a paramilitary soldier. He said he was one of Bedoya's three attackers.

In 2001, Bedoya started a job with "El Tiempo" newspaper in Colombia. Her job was to write about crime, including paramilitary groups. In early August 2003, she went to the town of Puerto Alvira. She wanted to write about how the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) controlled the town and forced the 1,100 people in the town to work in the illegal cocaine trade. The leader of the FARC guerrillas kidnapped Bedoya and her photographer. 

The FARC leader ordered the people in the town not to help the journalists, but the women of the town brought food to them. Then the people in the town told the regional FARC commander, and the journalists were free. When Bedoya returned, she wrote a story about the town in FARC-controlled land, but she was careful and did not write about the townspeople who helped her.

In 2010, Bedoya wrote a book called "Vida y muerte del Mono Jojoy" about Víctor Julio Suárez Rojas, or "Mono Jojoy", a FARC leader who was killed. Because of the book, the Colombian organization Foundation for Press Freedom and the Canadian Journalists for Free Expression were afraid for Bedoya's safety. Bedoya continued to work as a journalist for "El Tiempo", but the Colombian government gave her three bodyguards and a bulletproof car.

In 2000, Bedoya received the CJFE International Press Freedom Award from the Canadian Journalists for Free Expression. 

In 2001, Bedoya received the Courage in Journalism Award from the International Women's Media Foundation. The award was very important in Colombia, and Bedoya became well known. Because of this, Bedoya left "El Espectador" newspaper and went to work for "El Tiempo" newspaper. 

In 2012, Bedoya received the International Women of Courage Award from the U. S. Department of State.


Georg Ritter

Georg Ritter (December 22, 1897 in Dachau - October 17, 1941 in Jastrebovka) was a German Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was killed in action on October 17, 1941 in Jastrebovka, Soviet Union. After his death, he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on November 15, 1941.



Hainan Airlines

Hainan Airlines is an airline from the People's Republic of China. The airline started in October 1989. It is the 4th biggest airline in China.

Melanie Leupolz

Melanie Leupolz (born 14 April 1994 in Wangen im Allgäu, Germany) is a German association football midfielder who currently plays for FC Bayern Munich and the Germany women's national football team.




Isabell Herlovsen

Isabell Lehn Herlovsen (born on 23 June 1988 in Mönchengladbach, Germany) is a Norwegian association football forward who currently plays for the Norway women's national football team. She also plays for LSK Kvinner FK.

She is the daughter of former football player Kai Erik Herlovsen.

Herlovsen is a lesbian.


Thanatta Chawong

Thanatta Chawong, Thai: ธนัสถา ชาวงษ์ , (born on 19 June 1989 in Thailand) is a Thai association football forward who currently plays for the Damallsvenskan club of Östersunds DFF. She also plays for the Thailand women's national football team.

Francesco Bellissimo

Bellissimo writes for various Japanese cooking magazines. He has also written several books.





Şafak Pavey

Şafak Pavey (born July 10, 1976) is a Turkish writer and politician. She is the first disabled woman in the Turkish parliament. She is a member of the United Nations Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. In 2012 Pavey received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.

Pavey was born on July 10, 1976 in Ankara, Turkey. Her parents were Şahin and Ayşe Önal, a journalist. In 1994 she moved to Switzerland with her husband to study art and film. In 1996, Pavey lost her left arm and left leg in a train accident in Zurich. One year later, she went to London to study. She studied international studies at the University of Westminster. She finished her master's degree at the London School of Economics.

Pavey worked for the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). She worked with aid in Algeria, Egypt, Iran, Lebanon and Syria. She was the spokesperson of UNHCR for Central Europe in Hungary. Later she worked with human rights for the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.

Pavey wrote for the Armenian-Turkish bilingual weekly "Agos" in Istabul. She also wrote three books. She worked on projects for refugees with Harvard University, the Royal Academy of Arts in London and the Norwegian Design Council. She wrote the book "13 Numarali Peron" (Platform Number 13) with her mother Ayşe Önal. The book was about her train accident. It was a best-seller in Turkey. She worked with writer and Nobel Peace Laureate Shirin Ebadi to write the book "Refugee Rights in Iran".

Pavey returned to Turkey in 2011 and ran for a parliament seat. She became the first disabled female member of the Turkish Parliament.



Jeb Bush 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of John Ellis "Jeb" Bush, the 43rd Governor of Florida, was formally launched on June 15, 2015, coming six months after announcing the formal exploration of a candidacy for the 2016 Republican nomination for the President of the United States on December 16, 2014, and the formation of his Right to Rise PAC. It is headquartered in Miami, Florida. He suspended his campaign on February 20, 2016.

There has been speculation that Bush would make a run for President since the end of the 2012 election. Speculation was fueled when Bush announced he would be "actively exploring" a run for President on December 16, 2014 and resigned from several corporate boards. It has been further speculated that Bush has put off formally announcing a candidacy in order to raise unlimited amounts of money for his Right to Rise Super PAC, and prepare strategy; once formally a candidate, Bush cannot coordinate with PACs or Super PACs under campaign finance law.

He suspended his campaign on February 20, 2016.

On June 4, the same day of Governor Rick Perry's formal campaign announcement, an anonymous Bush staffer leaked that Bush would formally announce his candidacy on June 15. Bush made a trip to Germany, Poland, and Estonia before returning to begin his campaign. On June 15, 2015, Bush formally announced his candidacy at Miami Dade College's Kendall Campus, in Miami, Florida.

Bush embarked on a tour following his June 15 announcement, with stops in Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina, and Nevada. The Bush campaign cancelled events in Charleston, South Carolina in light of the June 17 mass shooting.

On July 9, 2015, at a campaign fund-raising conference in the Bush family compound in Kennebunkport, Maine, Bush announced that super PACs which support his candidacy, mainly Right to Rise, had received a total of $103 million during the previous six months. The campaign itself had received $11.4 million, $700,000 a day, during its first two weeks.

Ben Carson 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Dr. Ben Carson, a pediatric neurosurgeon and bestselling author, was announced May 3, 2015 in an interview with a local television station in Cincinnati, Ohio. He formally announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination in the 2016 Presidential election at a rally in his hometown of Detroit on May 4, 2015.

On March 4, 2016, Carson suspended his presidential campaign.

He was a featured speaker at the 2013 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), and tied for seventh place in the "Washington Times"/CPAC 2013 Straw Poll with 4% of the 3,000 ballots cast.

In the 2014 CPAC straw poll, he came in third place with 9% of the vote, behind senators Ted Cruz of Texas (with 11%) and Rand Paul of Kentucky (31%). In the 2015 CPAC poll, Carson came in fourth behind Paul, Wisconsin governor Scott Walker, and Cruz with 11.4%.

In an interview with a local television station in Cincinnati, Ohio on May 3, 2015, Carson officially announced his candidacy for President of the United States. He held a rally in Detroit, his hometown, on May 4, 2015 as the launch of his campaign. At the event, he announced his campaign team which included his Campaign manager, Barry Bennett.

Hawa Abdallah Mohammed Salih

Hawa Abdallah Mohammed Salih (Arabic: حواء عبد الله محمد صالح) is a Sudanese activist. In 2012, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. State Department.

Hawa was born in North Darfur, Sudan. She left Darfur because of war between the Sudanese government forces and Darfur rebels.

Hawa moved to Abu Shouk internally displaced persons camp for refugees. She worked with the United Nations and with the American NGO International Rescue Committee (IRC). She helped complain about bad conditions in the camp, so people would be aware. Hawa went to jail three times because of her work. The National Security police kidnapped her twice.

In 2011 she was in jail for two months in a state prison in Khartoum. In 2011 she escaped from Sudan. In 2013 she asked to stay in the United States.


Ted Cruz 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Ted Cruz, the junior United States Senator from Texas, was announced through social media and later event at Liberty University on March 23, 2015. Cruz has been seen as a potential candidate for the Republican nomination for President of the United States since shortly after taking office in 2013.

Leading up the 2016 presidential election cycle, commentators expressed their opinion that Cruz would run for President in 2016. On March 14, 2013, he gave the keynote speech at the 2013 Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington, D.C. He tied for 7th place in the 2013 CPAC straw poll on March 16, winning 4% of the votes cast. He performed even more strongly in the 2014 CPAC straw poll, coming in second with 11% behind Kentucky senator Rand Paul. In the 2015 CPAC poll, he came in third with 11.5% behind Wisconsin governor Scott Walker and Paul.

On April 27, 2016, Cruz named former GOP candidate and businesswoman Carly Fiorina as his running mate.

On May 3, 2016, after losing the Indiana primaries to Donald Trump, Cruz suspended his campaign.

Cruz announced his campaign for the presidency on March 23, 2015, at Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, during the student convocation. He became the first announced major Republican presidential candidate for the 2016 campaign.

In the first few months of the campaign, Cruz held campaign rallies in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Barack Obama 2008 presidential campaign

Barack Obama, then a junior United States Senator from Illinois, announced his candidacy for the presidency of the United States in Springfield, Illinois, on February 10, 2007. On August 27, 2008, he was declared nominee of the Democratic Party for the 2008 presidential election. He was the first African American in history to be nominated on a major party ticket.
On August 23, 2008, Barack Obama's campaign announced that Senator Joe Biden of Delaware would be the Vice Presidential nominee.

On November 4, 2008, Obama won the election, making him the President-elect and the first African American elected President of the United States. He is the third sitting Senator, after Warren G. Harding and John F. Kennedy, to be elected President.

His constitutional election to the office was completed with the meeting of the Electoral College on December 15, 2008, and the subsequent certification of the college's vote by the Joint Session of the United States Congress on January 8, 2009. Based on the results of the electoral vote count, Barack Obama was declared the elected President of the United States and Joseph Biden was declared officially as the elected Vice President of the United States in the 2008 presidential election. The Headquarters of Obama's campaign was in his home town of Chicago, Illinois.

Carly Fiorina 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Carly Fiorina began on May 4, 2015 with a video message posted by Fiorina's campaign announcing her candidacy. Fiorina is a former business executive and was the Republican nominee for the United States Senate from California in 2010. The campaign was headquartered in Merrifield, Virginia. She withdrew on February 10, 2016.

Lindsey Graham 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Lindsey Graham, the senior United States Senator from South Carolina, and former member of the House of Representatives, was announced on June 1, 2015. Graham sought the Republican nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 election; a close personal friend of Senator John McCain of Arizona, Graham was a top staffer during McCain's 2008 campaign. 

After low polling numbers, Graham withdrew from the race on December 21, 2015.

George Pataki 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of George Pataki, the 53rd Governor of New York, was formally launched on May 28, 2015. After having considered a candidacy in previous cycles, his campaign for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 election is his first bid for the presidency.

On December 29, 2015, Pataki announced that he would be ending his Presidential campaign.

In an August 2014 interview with Newsmax TV, Pataki once again expressed interest in a possible presidential bid, this time for the 2016 Republican nomination. In January 2015, he revealed to ABC News that he had launched a political action committee (PAC) for the purpose of exploring, and making preparations for, a possible presidential candidacy.

On May 14, 2015, Pataki stated on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" that he would announce his decision regarding his potential candidacy on May 28 at an event in New Hampshire. He later confirmed to the "New York Post" that he intended to announce his candidacy for the 2016 Republican presidential nominination at the aforementioned event.

Pataki officially launched his presidential campaign on May 28, 2015. He initially confirmed his candidacy via a video message which appeared on his website, before making a formal announcement before a gathering of supporters and members of the media in Exeter, New Hampshire.

As of late July 2015, Pataki has been polling at less than 1 % of the Republican primary voters.

Rand Paul 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Rand Paul, the junior United States Senator from Kentucky, was announced on April 7, 2015 at an event at the Galt House in Louisville, Kentucky.

Paul was first elected to the U.S. Senate in the 2010, Paul's candidacy for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in 2016 has been widely speculated of since early 2013.

Prior to serving in public office, Paul was an ophthalmologist in Bowling Green, Kentucky, and founded the watchdog group Kentucky Taxpayers United, which sought to keep state legislators accountable on tax issues. Leading up to his formal announcement, Paul delivered several high profile speeches, which included filibustering the nomination of CIA Director John Brennan, speeches at Berkeley and Howard University, and meeting with community leaders in Ferguson, Missouri and Detroit, Michigan, in what has been described as an attempt to broaden the Republican Party's appeal with non-traditional constituencies.

Near the end of 2014, Paul made moves towards a presidential run, including hiring staff in several states, setting up offices, and hiring a campaign manager. In January 2015, Rand Paul gained the support of Texas Republican Party Chairman Steve Munisteri.

After poor polling numbers and failing to reach 3rd place in the Iowa caucuses, Paul dropped out of the race on February 3, 2016.


Gabi Calleja

Gabi Calleja is a gay rights activist in Malta. In 2012, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. State Department.

Calleja studied Youth and Community Studies in a master's degree program at the University of Malta.

In 2010, Calleja became head of the Malta Gay Rights Movement. In 2014, she became co-chair of the executive board of ILGA Europe, a lesbian and gay group that works for human rights. In 2014 she worked for changes in Danish law.

Calleja also works with teaching, drug education, community development, and fundraising. In 2005, she helped write the “School Attendance Improvement” Report.


Rick Perry 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Rick Perry, the 47th Governor of Texas, was officially launched on June 4, 2015. This campaign constitutes Perry's second consecutive bid for the Republican nomination for President of the United States. Perry announced on September 11, 2015 that he had suspended his campaign.

Marco Rubio 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Marco Rubio, the junior United States Senator from Florida, and former Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives, was formally announced on April 13, 2015, at an event at the Freedom Tower in Downtown Miami.

Having been considered a potential candidate for Vice President by Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney in 2012, Rubio has been seen as a candidate for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in 2016 since at least the end of the 2012 election. He suspended his campaign on March 15, 2016.

On March 30, 2015 Rubio announced on Fox News and through social media that he would be making a "Big Announcement" on April 13 in Miami, Florida. While he did not specify whether the announcement pertained to his reelection as a United States Senator or for the Presidency, most media consensus was that Rubio would be announcing his presidential run. He made the announcement at the Freedom Tower in Downtown Miami.

Rubio raised about $1.25 million online the day after his announcement. By the three-month mark of his campaign - July 13 - Rubio had raised over $12 million.

Rick Santorum 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Rick Santorum, former United States Senator from Pennsylvania, was formally announced at a rally in Pittsburgh on May 27, 2015. 

His campaign for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in 2016 is his second bid for the office, after having been a candidate in 2012, where he received the second most delegates after 2012 nominee Mitt Romney.

Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Donald Trump was a successful presidential campaign of Donald Trump. He announced and launched his campaign on June 16, 2015, at Trump Tower in New York City. 

Trump was the Republican nominee for president of the United States. He became the presumptive nominee on May 4, 2016. He won the Republican nomination for president on July 19, 2016 at the 2016 Republican National Convention. He chose Mike Pence, the 50th governor of Indiana, as his vice presidential running mate. 

On November 8, 2016, Trump and Pence had defeated former U.S. secretary of state Hillary Clinton and U.S. senator Tim Kaine in the Electoral College and was elected the president and vice president of the United States.

Trump declared, "We are going to make our country great again" and he made a commitment to become the "greatest jobs president." Trump's official campaign slogan is "Make America Great Again." (which was Ronald Reagan's campaign slogan, but Trump trademarked it).

Trump is opposed to illegal immigration and has promised to build a wall on the US-Mexico border, and believes that illegal immigrants already in this country should be deported. He is against the Trans Pacific Partnership trade agreement. Trump also proposed banning Muslims from entering the United States, an idea that many Republicans criticized as unconstitutional. He also supports reforming the tax code.

A survey conducted by "The Economist" / YouGov released July 9, 2015 became significant as the first major nationwide poll to show Trump as the 2016 Republican presidential front-runner. A Suffolk/"USA Today" poll released on July 14, 2015, showed Trump with 17% support among Republican voters, with Jeb Bush at 14%. A "Washington Post"/ABC News poll taken on July 16–19, showed Trump had 24% Republican support, over Scott Walker at 13%. A CNN/ORC poll showed Trump in the lead at 18% support among Republican voters, over Jeb Bush at 15%, and a CBS News poll from August 4 showed Trump with 24% support, Bush second at 13%, and Walker third at 10%.

On May 4, 2016, Trump became the presumptive nominee after his only challengers Texas United States senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich dropped out. Trump has been opposed by other Republicans. Several prominent Republican politicians have refused to endorse him, and his candidacy has been protested by many people.


Lincoln Chafee 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Lincoln Chafee, the 74th Governor of Rhode Island, and former United States Senator from Rhode Island, was formally launched on June 3, 2015. His campaign for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 election is his first campaign as a Democrat, after having previously been elected Senator as a Republican, and Governor as an Independent.

In the 2008 presidential election, he formally endorsed the Democratic nominee Barack Obama. In 2012, Chafee was one of 35 co-chairs selected to serve on President Barack Obama's re-election campaign.

On April 9, 2015, Chafee announced that he had formed an exploratory committee in preparation for a potential candidacy for the Democratic Party's 2016 presidential nomination. The following month, on May 29, it was confirmed that Chafee would announce his decision regarding a 2016 presidential bid on June 3.

Following a widely panned debate performance, poor polling numbers, and a poor fundraising campaign, Lincoln Chafee announced on October 23 that he would be suspending his campaign.


Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton, the 67th Secretary of State, former First Lady, and former United States Senator from New York, was announced via a YouTube video on April 12, 2015. A presidential candidate in 2008, her candidacy in the 2016 election was her second bid for the presidency. She was widely seen as the front runner for the Democratic nomination, although she faced several challengers, especially Bernie Sanders.

On November 9, 2016, after the presidential election, Hillary Clinton had lost to Donald Trump at the U.S. Electoral College.

According to nationwide opinion polls in early 2015, Clinton was the front-runner for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination. She did face other several primary election challengers. A Franklin Pierce University/Boston Herald poll in mid-August 2015 showed Senator Bernie Sanders with a 44-37 lead over Clinton in the first-in-the-nation primary state of New Hampshire. And, in August 2015, Vice President Joe Biden was reported to be seriously considering a possible challenge to Clinton.

On July 22, 2016, Clinton announced Virginia United States senator Tim Kaine as her running mate.

The Clinton campaign had planned a delayed announcement, possibly as late as July 2015. Her team decided to make the announcement earlier because of publicity about Clinton's use of a private email server while Secretary of State. Clinton made her official announcement on the following Sunday, April 12, 2015.

Martin O'Malley 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Martin O'Malley, the 61st Governor of Maryland, for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in 2016 was announced on May 30, 2015 and suspended on February 1, 2016.

O'Malley had been seen as a potential presidential candidate since at least December 2012. In that month, he said that Hillary Clinton, who has launched her own 2016 campaign, would be a "great President", brushing off questions about his own potential candidacy and commenting that he would have to do "a lot of soul-searching and discernment and introspection."

The day prior to his announcement, May 29, O'Malley released a video of himself strumming the presidential fanfare "Hail to the Chief" on his guitar, alluding to his impending announcement. The following day, May 30, O'Malley launched his campaign at a scheduled rally in Baltimore, Maryland.

O'Malley suspended his campaign after poor polling numbers and a poor performance in the Iowa caucuses.

Bernie Sanders 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Bernie Sanders, the junior United States Senator from Vermont, and former Congressman of the same, began with a formal announcement by Sanders on May 26, 2015 in Burlington, Vermont, which followed an informal announcement on April 30.

Sanders had been considered a potential candidate for President of the United States, both as an Independent and a Democrat since at least November 2013. Although Sanders became an independent after briefly aligning with the left-wing Liberty Union Party in the 1970s, many of his views align with those of the Democratic Party. Sanders caucuses with Democrats in the Senate, and he has confirmed that he is running as a Democrat.

On July 26, 2016, during the roll-call vote at the convention, Sanders lost the nomination to Clinton.

Sanders' political successes have been in rural Vermont. Sanders has been involved in political activism nearly his entire adult life. While in college he protested against police brutality, led a weeks long sit-in against housing segregation, and worked as an organizer for the Congress of Racial Equality.

In 1963 he traveled to Washington to attend the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom.
Sanders has supported full equality for gay Americans since at least 1972. As Mayor of Burlington, Bernie Sanders played a prominent role in building support in Vermont for Jesse Jackson's campaign for the presidency in 1984 and 1988.

Sanders states that his campaign will focus on what he considers to be "real family values". Saying, "The right has claimed the mantle of 'family values' for far too long. When my Republican colleagues use the term they’re usually talking about things like opposition to contraception, denying a woman’s right to choose, opposition to gay rights, and support for abstinence-only education," Sanders advocates what he calls "real family values" which include paid sick time, paid vacations, and access to paid family leave. Speaking on woman's pro-choice issues, he commented that "[Republicans believe] that [a woman] cannot control her own body. I disagree. Let's say it loud and clear: Women control their own bodies – not the government."

Sanders has used social media to help his campaign gain momentum. Along with posting content on Twitter and Facebook, he held an "Ask Me Anything" on Reddit on May 19, 2015.

On September 30, the Sanders campaign announced that it had reached 1 million individual donations, becoming the first in 2015 to reach that threshold.

In November 1, 2015, Sanders released his first campaign ad.

During a December 27 appearance on "Face the Nation", Sanders criticized Donald Trump for stating in the fourth Republican debate that "wages are too high" and promised to win over working-class Trump supporters. The next day Trump tweeted that "wages in are [sic] country are too low."

Sanders gained ground on Clinton in the spring of 2016.

In December 2015, the Democratic National Committee suspended the campaign's access to its voter data, following the firing of a Sanders campaign staffer who allegedly viewed data from the campaign of Hillary Clinton as the result of a firewall failure, which he denies. The Sanders campaign criticized the move as an excessive reaction stemming from the inappropriate actions of a single staffer and threatened possible legal action unless the Democratic National Committee restores its access. The Sanders campaign claims it warned the DNC about glitches in the voter file program months ago. On December 18, 2015, the campaign filed a lawsuit, stating the Committee had unfairly suspended its access. Former Obama Advisor David Axelrod contended on Twitter that the DNC was "putting finger on the scale" for Hillary. The DNC and the Sanders campaign struck a deal the same day that restored the campaign's access to voter data.

Just before the early primaries in 2016, Sanders published an advertisement called "America". It was first shown on January 21, on YouTube. It was set to be shown on television in Iowa and New Hampshire shortly before the Democratic Iowa caucus and New Hampshire primary. The advertisement features "America", a song by Simon & Garfunkel from their album "Bookends" (1968).

Sanders raised over $1.5 million in the first 24 hours after he announced his presidential campaign on April 30, 2015. This was greater than the amount raised by any of the Republican candidates in the first 24 hours after their respective announcements. By May 5, Sanders campaign had received approximately 75,000 contributions and had raised $3 million, with the average donation being $43. According to a campaign adviser, 99.4 percent of the donations were $250 or less, and 185,000 supporters had signed up on the campaign's website.

When Sanders opened his campaign in June, his rallies were compared with those of Hillary Clinton. Sanders's campaign events have been drawing "overflow crowds" around the country. Sanders drew more than 700 supporters at a mid-June event in Iowa, which the "Wall Street Journal" noted as
“the same number who went to a Hillary Clinton event on Sunday that featured a buffet table and a live band.” A crowd of an estimated 3,000 attended an event in Minneapolis. Sanders said he was "Stunned. Stunned. I mean I had to fight my way to get into the room. Standing room only. Minneapolis was literally beyond belief."

On August 8, Sanders drew a crowd of over 12,000 in Seattle, Washington. The rally took place in the basketball arena of the University of Washington, which was filled to capacity. Before the rally, Sanders spoke to an additional 3,000 supporters outside who could not get into the arena. Black Lives Matter activists had interrupted an earlier event and prevented Sanders from taking the podium. The rally in Seattle was part of a three-day West Coast tour.

On the following day, August 9, Sanders spoke to a record crowd of 20,000 supporters inside the Moda Center in Portland, Oregon. The event was again filled to capacity, with 8,000 supporters waiting in the overflow area provided by venue officials. The West Coast tour ended on August 10, with a large rally in Los Angeles, California. The event was filled to capacity, with Sanders' campaign claiming over 27,000 people turned out, breaking the record he set the day before. The rally included an introduction from comedian Sarah Silverman.

As of August 15, 2015, Sanders had partially consolidated Democratic opposition to Clinton's nomination but had not significantly affected the level of support for her. A mid-September CBS poll that included Vice President Joe Biden, who is considering a presidential bid, showed Sanders leading Clinton 52 percent to Clinton's 30 percent in New Hampshire and 43 percent to Clinton's 33 percent in Iowa. In September and October 2015, latest polling show Sanders and Clinton are tied in polls.

His performances at the first two Democratic debates have received positive reviews. After his first debate, he won many endorsements even though his polls number as decreased compared to Clinton's rise in the polls. After the second debate, Sanders was thought to be the clear winner.

Since polls closed on December 4, 2015, online votes showed that Sanders was in first place to become Time's 2015 Person of the Year with 10.4% of votes compared to second place holder Malala Yousafzai's 5.3%. On December 7, it announced Sanders won the reader's poll of the magazine, but will not be person of the year. On December 9, poll numbers showed that Sanders was leading Clinton in the New Hampshire polls by 50% to 40%. According to a public poll done by TIME magazine, Sanders won the third Democratic debate with 84% to Clinton's 13%.

In January 2016, weeks leading to the Democratic primaries, Sanders was leading New Hampshire by 50% to Clinton's 46% and in Iowa with 49% to 43%.

On February 1, 2016, Sanders lost the Iowa caucus to Clinton by less than 1%. On February 9, Sanders won the New Hampshire caucus by 22%. His victory was one of the largest in years. Sanders became the first democratic socialist and the first non-Christian to win a United States presidential primary for a major party. On February 20, 2016, Sanders lost the Nevada caucus by 5%. On February 27, 2016, Sanders lost the South Carolina caucus by almost 48%.

On March 1, 2016, "Super Tuesday", Sanders won four states: Vermont, Oklahoma, Colorado and Minnesota. He lost Massachusetts by less than 1%. He lost Alabama, American Samoa, Arkansas, Georgia, Tennessee, Texas, and Virginia during the event. On March 5, 2016, "Super Saturday", Sanders won two states: Kansas by 35% and Nebraska by almost 15%. He lost the Louisiana primary by about 48% during the event. On March 6, 2016, Sanders won the Maine caucuses by almost 65%. Since polls closed on March 8, Sanders has won all 36 international cities of the Democrats Abroad primary. He won 3,301 (68.91%) to Clinton's 1,489 (31.09%) of the global votes. On March 8, 2016, Sanders lost the Mississippi primaries by 65%. On the same day, Sanders won the Michigan primaries by 2%.


Jeanna Friske

Jeanna Vladimirovna Friske (; 8 July 1974 – 15 June 2015), better known by the stage name Zhanna Friske, was a Russian actress, singer, model, and socialite.

Firske died in Balashikha, Russia from glioblastoma, a rare form of brain cancer, aged 40.




Harry Rowohlt

Harry Rowohlt (27 March 1945 – 15 June 2015) was a German writer and translator. He was born in Hamburg. He also played the role of a derelict in the famous German weekly-soap Lindenstraße.

In 1999 he was awarded the Johann-Heinrich-Voß-Preis für Übersetzung. And in 2005, he received the Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis for his translation work.

He died of lung cancer in Hamburg.

Qiao Shi

Qiao Shi (December 1924 – 14 June 2015) was a Chinese politician and a top leader of the Communist Party of China. He was a member of the party's top decision-making body, the Politburo Standing Committee, from 1987 to 1997. He was a contender for the paramount leadership of China, but lost out to his political rival Jiang Zemin, who assumed the presidency in 1993. Qiao Shi instead served as Chairman of the National People's Congress, the third-ranked political position, from 1993 until his retirement in 1998.

Maria Bashir

Maria Bashir (b. 1970) is a lawyer from Afghanistan. She is the only woman to have the job of prosecutor in the country. She has 15 years experience in the Afghan government. During the time of the Taliban, she was not permitted to work. Instead, she had an illegal school for girls in her house. In 2006, after the time of the Taliban, she worked as Chief Prosecutor General of Herat Province. In 2010, she had 87 cases; mostly about corruption and oppression of women.
In 2011, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State. 

Bashir was the oldest child in her family. She was a very good student. Her father encouraged her to study. When she graduated, she had to choose three subjects for graduate school. Her three choices were law, law, and law. The Minister for Higher Education approved her to study law. She got a law degree from Kabul University. Later she studied in Kabul for one year to be a prosecutor.

In 1996, after she graduated, Bashir got married. She moved to Herat, her husband's city. Her husband has an import business in China. Bashir has two sons and a daughter. The oldest son studies in Germany. The other two children study at home, because of death threats against Bashir and her family.

After Bashir finished school, she went to work at the Attorney General's office. She worked as a criminal investigator in Kabul, and later in Herat.

After Bashir moved to Herat, in 1995, the Taliban came. They stopped women from working. Bashir stayed in the house, like the other women. The Taliban made it illegal for girls to read or work. This ensured that women and girls remained dependent on men. Bashir started an underground school in her house. The students hid their books inside shopping bags.

In 2001, the American invasion allowed women to start work again. Bashir went back to her old job as a criminal investigator. When the Attorney General visited Herat in 2006, he met with prosecutors from four provinces. Bashir was the only woman at the meeting. The Attorney General said he was happy with Bashir's murder case against the husband of Afghan poet and journalist Nadia Anjuman. The Attorney General made Bashir the Chief Prosecutor General of the province.

The U.S. government welcomed Bashir as a sign of Westernization after the Taliban. The US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice flew Bashir to Washington for talks. However, Bashir said many negative things about the new constitution. The new constitution gave equal rights to women, but many judges still used the old Islamic Sharia Law. Bashir said the new law did not give women freedom to choose their husbands. She also said that men were not sent to trial for adultery, but women were stoned to death for the same thing. In divorce, the husband always got the children; women thought suicide was better. On the subject of corruption, Bashir wanted to stop appointments based on ethnic groups. She also wanted more money for officials. She said the corruption would not stop if the officials had to find more money somewhere.



Fred Kummerow

Fred Kummerow (October 4, 1914 – May 31, 2017) was an American emeritus professor of comparative biosciences at the University of Illinois and a centenarian. He continued to do research even after he was one hundred years old.

Kummerow was known for his works to prove the health issues that trans fat caused to people.

Kummerow died on May 31, 2017 at his home in Urbana, Illinois at the age of 102.



Night Train to Lisbon (movie)

Night Train to Lisbon is a 2013 German-Swiss-Portuguese drama movie. It was directed by Bille August. It stars Jeremy Irons, Mélanie Laurent, Bruno Ganz, Tom Courtenay, and Christopher Lee. It is based on the novel of the same name. It was released to mixed reviews on 13 February 2013 in Berlin.

Sal Mineo

Salvatore "Sal" Mineo, Jr. (January 10, 1939February 12, 1976), was an American movie and theatre actor. Mineo was born in the Bronx, New York City, into an Italian family. He is best known for his performance as John "Plato" Crawford opposite James Dean in the movie "Rebel Without a Cause". He was twice nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Once for his roles in "Rebel Without a Cause" and once for "Exodus".

Mineo was bisexual. In 1976 he played the role of a bisexual burglar in a series of stage performances of the comedy, "P.S. Your Cat Is Dead". The play moved from San Francisco to Los Angeles and Mineo moved along with the play. He was arriving home after a rehearsal on February 12, 1976, when he was stabbed to death by a mugger in the alley behind his apartment building. This happened near Sunset Strip in West Hollywood, California. He was buried in Hawthorne, New York.

Ron Clarke

Ronald William "Ron" Clarke (21 February 1937 – 17 June 2015) was an Australian athlete, writer, and politician. He served as Mayor of the Gold Coast from 25 March 2004 until 27 February 2012. He was a world record holder and won a bronze medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.

Clarke was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He was married to Helen Clarke and had two sons.

Clark died from kidney failure on 17 June 2015 in Southport, Queensland. He was 78.

Roberto Suazo Córdova

Roberto Suazo Córdova (17 March 1927 – 22 December 2018) was a Honduran politician. He served as President of Honduras from 1982 to 1986. He was born in La Paz, Honduras.

Córdova died on 22 December 2018 at a hospital in Tegucigalpa, Honduras from complications of stomach surgery at the age of 91.

Charles Correa

Charles Correa (1 September 1930 – 16 June 2015) was an Indian architect, urban planner and activist. He is known for the creation of modern architecture in post-Independence India.

He was awarded the Padma Shri in 1972, and second highest civilian honour, the Padma Vibhushan in 2006, given by Government of India. He was also awarded the 1984 Royal Gold Medal for architecture, by the Royal Institute of British Architects.

Correa died at his home in Mumbai after a brief illness at the age of 84.


Ancien Évêché Museum

The Ancien Évêché Museum is a departmental museum in Grenoble. It is dedicated to the Isere heritage through the history of its Bishop's palace. It was inaugurated in 1998. It is in the former Bishop's palace, near the Notre-Dame cathedral. The museum gives access to the remains of an early Christian baptistry and to a section of the former Roman wall, in the basement of the building.

The permanent exhibition "Isère throught History" displays items and paintings relating to the development of Isère from pre-history to the present day.

The museum also shows regularly temporary exhibitions of local artists.


The B tramline: Notre-Dame-Musée station.


Stephen Curry

Wardell Stephen Curry II (born March 14, 1988) is an American basketball player who plays for the GOLDEN STATE WORRIERS NOT THE LA LAKERS AND HE IS THE BEST PLAYER IN THE WORLD THERE IS NO WAY HE CAN LOSE!!!!!

Curry plays as a point guard position. He is the son of former NBA player Dell Curry who played the shooting guard and small forward positions.

He is a two-time MVP and four-time champion. He has also broken the record of most three-pointers made in a season, with 402, during the 2016 NBA season.

Curry played college basketball for the Davidson College Wildcats. There, he was twice named Southern Conference Player of the Year. He set the all-time scoring record for both Davidson and the Southern Conference. In his second year of college, Curry also set the single-season NCAA record for three-point-shots made.

In the 2009 draft picked,Stephen Curry was selected to Golden State Warriors as the 7th overall picked.As he played for the Golden State he have score 21,712 points.He is currently leading the most 3 pointers made with 3,505 threes.In his professional career, Curry and the Golden State have won 4 NBA finals in 2015,2017,2018 and 2022.As he won a championship in 2015 he also won the NBA finals Most Valuable Player.

Curry have spend most of his career in Golden State Warriors and he have played with them for 14 seasons.Stephen Curry is the son of a retired NBA player called Dell Curry.He also have a brother who is currently playing called Seth Curry.

Andre Igoudala

Andre Tyler Iguodala (; born January 28, 1984) is an American professional basketball player. He plays for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA). In 2015 he was named most valuable player (MVP) of the NBA Finals.

Iguodala went to Lanphier High School in Springfield, Illinois.

He then played for the Arizona Wildcats basketball team at the University of Arizona. While playing for Arizona, the Wildcats made it to the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship both seasons. After completing two years, he put his name in for the NBA Draft

In the 2004 NBA Draft he was chosen by the Philadelphia 76ers. Iguodala played in Philadelphia until the summer of 2012. He was then traded to the Denver Nuggets. He was picked up by the Golden State Warriors in 2013. 

In November 2023 the National Basketball Players Association announced Andre Iguodala as acting executive director.

Child labour in India

Child labour in India is when Indian children work for money, on a part or full-time basis...

The practice deprives children of their childhood, and is harmful to their physical and mental development. Various things lead to children working. Poverty, lack of good schools and informal work places may be blamed.

The 1998 national census of India estimated the total number of child labour, aged 4–15, to be at 12.6 million, out of a total child population of 253 million in 5-14 age group. The 2011 national census of India found the total number of child labour, aged 5–14, to be at 4.35 million, and the total child population to be 259.64 million in that age group.

The child labour problem is not unique to India; worldwide, about 217 million children work, many full-time.

Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay

Rishi Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay (27 June 1838 – 8 April 1894) was a Bengali writer, poet and journalist. He was the composer of India's national song "Vande Mataram". It was originally a Bengali and Sanskrit "stotra" (hymn) portraying India as a mother goddess. The song inspired the activists during the Indian Independence Movement. Chattopadhyay wrote 13 novels. He also wrote several serious, serio-comic, satirical, scientific and critical articles in Bengali. His works were widely translated into other regional languages of India.

Chattopadhyay was born to an orthodox Brahmin family. He was educated at Hooghly Mohsin College. The college was founded by Bengali philanthropist Muhammad Mohsin and Presidency College, Calcutta. He was one of the first graduates of the University of Calcutta. From 1858, until his retirement in 1891, he served as a deputy magistrate and deputy collector in the government of British India.

<br>

Kantō Plain

The is the largest plain in Japan. It is in the Kanto Region of central Honshū. The total area 17,000 km covers more than half of the region. It extends over Tokyo, Saitama Prefecture, Kanagawa Prefecture, Chiba Prefecture, Gunma Prefecture, and Tochigi Prefecture.

A number of plateaus make up a large part of the plain. These large plateaus are divided into smaller ones by shallow river valleys. Volcanic ash from surrounding volcanoes are thought to have been deposited on these plateaus.

What is unusual is the overall tilt of the plateaus and hills. The entire area is slightly bent or slanted and forms a basin centered in the Tone River and Tokyo Bay. Tectonic changes are still happening, as the plain’s central region gradually sinks lower towards sea level.

Henriette Ekwe Ebongo

Henriette Ekwe Ebongo (born December 25, 1949) is a Cameroonian journalist, publisher and political activist. In 2011 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the United States Department of State.

Ebongo works for freedom of the press, equality for women, human rights, and good government. She also works against corruption and discrimination against women. In the 1980s, she worked against dictatorship. During this time, she was tortured and taken to military court.

Ebongo publishes the weekly newspaper "Babela". She started the Cameroon branch of Transparency International, a non-governmental organization that works against government corruption.



Netatmo

Founded in 2011, Netatmo is a French company specializing in connected objects. Their four products (weather station, thermostat and camera) have been awarded by the "CES Innovations Design and Engineering Awards" in 2013, 2014 and 2015 . In 2015, Welcome, won 4 awards in the following categories: "Smart Home", "Home Appliances", "Digital Imaging" and "Tech for a better World".

Wood ash

Wood ash is the powder left after wood has been in a fire, such as a home fireplace or an industrial power plant. Some gardeners use it to make potash. After being burned, only a small amount of wood is left as wood ash.

Wood ash has also been used in ceramic glazes, in China, Japan, and Korea. It has also been used to make soap.

Edwin Edwards

Edwin Washington Edwards (August 7, 1927 – July 12, 2021) was an American politician and member of the Democratic Party. He served as the U.S. Representative from 1965 to 1972 and as the 50th Governor of Louisiana for four terms (1972–1980, 1984–1988 and 1992–1996), twice as many elected terms as any other Louisiana chief executive.

He served a total of sixteen years in office, the sixth-longest serving gubernatorial tenure in post-Constitutional U.S. history at 5,784 days. He was a colorful, powerful and legendary figure in Louisiana politics. Edwards, who has been dubbed the "very last of the line of New Deal Southern Democrats", was long dogged by charges of corruption.

In 2001, he was found guilty of racketeering charges and sentenced to ten years in Federal prison. Edwards began serving his sentence in October 2002 in Fort Worth, Texas, and was later transferred to the federal facility in Oakdale, Louisiana. Edwards was released from federal prison in January 2011, after serving eight years.

Without a pardon, Edwards remains ineligible to seek the governorship until 15 years have passed from the end of his sentence. In 2013, Edwards co-starred, alongside his third wife Trina, in an A&E reality show, "The Governor's Wife" based on their life together. In 2014, Edwards ran in the 2014 election to represent in the United States House of Representatives. He placed first in the jungle primary, but was crushed by nearly 25 points in the runoff election.

Edwards was born in Marksville, Louisiana. He studied at Louisiana State University. Edwards was married to Elaine Schwartzenburg from 1949 until they divorced in 1989. Then he was married to Candace Picou from 1994 until they divorced in 2004. Then he married his current wife, Trina Grimes Scott in 2011. Edwards has four children with Elaine and one with Trina.

In 2015, Edwards was hospitalized for pneumonia. On December 13, 2016, Edwards was hospitalized under stable condition again for pneumonia in Baton Rouge.

Edwards was sent to hospice care for pain in his lungs in Gonzales, Louisiana on July 6, 2021. He died six days later on July 12 at the age of 93. The cause of death was respiratory failure caused by pneumonia.


Mark White

Mark Wells White, Jr., (March 17, 1940 – August 5, 2017) was an American lawyer. He served as the 43rd Governor of Texas serving from January 18, 1983 to January 20, 1987.

White died at age 77 at his home in Houston, Texas on August 5, 2017 from a heart attack.


Twine

Twine (also called baler twine) is a light string or strong thread made from two or more smaller strands or yarns twisted together. More generally, the term can be applied to a cord. It is often synonymous with string but is usually thicker. Natural fibres used for making twine include cotton, sisal, jute, hemp, henequen, and coir. A variety of synthetic fibres may also be used. Twine is available in colors, plain or waxed. Twine is as useful as duct tape in that it can be used for a wide variety of repairs.
In arts and crafts, twine is used for a wide variety of projects. It is used in knitting, crocheting, and making jewellery, to mention just a few. Commercially, twine is used in upholstery, rug-making, agriculture, the cotton industry, textiles, and in the carton industry.

Twine traces its history back to as early as 32,000 years ago. Wild flax fibers were used to make twine for clothing, baskets and creating tools. Hunter-gatherers processed flax into strong cords or twine. 

Archaeologists discovered flax fiber cords in a western Asian cave that date from 32,000 to 26,000 years ago. In a cave at Lascaux, France fossilized remains of a “two-ply laid rope of about 7 mm diameter” were dated to about 15,000 BCE. Hemp twine was used from about 8,000 BCE. By 1,000 BCE hemp rope and twine was used by most civilizations. From 500 BCE to 1900 AD almost all rope and twine used in sailing ships was made from hemp. For example, the USS Constitution used hemp for its rigging lines. Sea bags and other common goods used help cordage or twine.

In the 1630s hemp was used to produce cordage in Boston. Soon there were several ropewalks in Boston producing hemp rope. Hemp twine was twisted into rope.


<br>

Nanyuki

Nanyuki is a town in Kenya. It had an urban population of 31,577 in 1999.

The town was started by British settlers in the early days of colonial Kenya in 1907. Some of their descendants still live in or around the town. Today, the town is multi-cultural and the market center for farms, ranches, game parks and wildlife conservancies in the region.

Charleston church shooting

On the evening of June 17, 2015, a mass shooting took place at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, the first church for black people ever in America. It is in Charleston, South Carolina, United States. Nine people at the church were killed and another was injured. Among the dead was minister and state senator, Clementa C. Pinckney.

Police arrested a white youth, later identified as 21-year-old Dylann Roof, in Shelby, North Carolina, the morning after the attack. 

Dylann Storm Roof was named by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) as the suspected killer after his father and uncle got in touch with police. They identified Roof after seeing security photos of him in the news. Roof was born in Columbia, South Carolina. He was living in a mostly African-American neighborhood near Columbia at the time of the shooting. Roof already had a police record of two arrests, both made in the months leading up to the attack.

The victims, six women and three men, were all African-American members of the AME Church. Eight died at the scene; the ninth, Daniel Simmons, died at MUSC Medical Center. They were all killed by multiple gunshots fired at close range.Five persons survived the shooting unharmed, including Felicia Sanders, mother of slain victim Tywanza Sanders, and her five-year-old granddaughter, as well as Polly Sheppard, a Bible study member. Pinckney's wife and two daughters were inside the building during the shooting, but were in the pastor's office with the door locked. Those killed were identified as:

The victims were later collectively referred to as "The Emanuel Nine".

Eugénie Le Sommer

Eugénie Anne Claudine Le Sommer (born on 18 May 1989 in Grasse, France) is a French association football midfielder/forward who currently plays for Olympique Lyonnais and the France women's national football team.

Marta (footballer)

Marta Vieira da Silva (born on 19 February 1986 in Dois Riachos, Brazil) is a Brazilian association football forward who currently plays for the Damallsvenskan team of FC Rosengård and the Brazil women's national football team.


Clementa C. Pinckney

Clementa Carlos Pinckney (July 30, 1973 – June 17, 2015) was an American Democratic member of the South Carolina Senate, representing the 45th District since 2000. He was previously a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1997 through 2000.

Pinckney was a senior pastor at Mother Emanuel A.M.E. in Charleston. He died, along with eight others, in a mass shooting at an evening bible study at his church on June 17, 2015.


Tony Ranasinghe

Tony Ranasinghe (31 July 1937 – 16 June 2015) was a Sri Lankan actor. He was known for his roles in "Hanthane Kathawa" (1969), "Duhulu Malak" (1976) and "Ahasin Polawata" (1979). Ranasinghe was born in Modara, Sri Lanka.

Ranasinghe died on 16 June 2015 at a public hospital in Colombo at the age of 77. 


Anti-tank gun

An anti-tank gun is a light artillery gun used to destroy tanks. The shells they fire are usually between 25 and 90 mm caliber (1 to 3.6 inches). They were used a lot in World War II. Later wars used them less, because smaller anti-tank weapons had been invented. The first anti-tank weapon was used in WWI. This was the Mauser 1918 T-Gewehr, a heavy, handheld rifle used by German troops to pierce through the thin armor of the time. Although not an artillery piece, this paved the way for the first anti-tank gun being made. The 3.7 cm PaK made by Germany was the first artillery piece to be designed specifically for tanks. This was made after WWI.

During the Second World War, many anti-tank weapons were made. Germany started the war with the 3.7 cm gun which had worked very well in the Spanish Civil War but was not powerful enough to destroy new enemy tanks. The 8.8 cm flak gun, designed for anti-aircraft warfare, was powerful enough to use against new tanks such as the British Valentine II and Soviet T-34. It could still be used as anti-air but in the early part of WWII it often fought tanks. When fighting against tanks it was too tall to hide easily, and too heavy to move as easily as a real anti-tank gun, but it was powerful and versatile. It was also too expensive; German factories could not make enough of them to do both kinds of fighting. The German 7.5 cm anti-tank gun was powerful enough to destroy most tanks, and enough were made to let them become the main German anti-tank gun late in the war.

In the same era, rocket launchers were being produced as well. Items like the M1 Bazooka, the Panzerfaust, and Panzerschreck, were being produced to counter tank, as well as give infantry to fight against tanks. The Anti-Tank gun has outlived its usage in wartime, due to the fact that they can't compete with the changing tanks in this time period. Years after WW2, many new and improved anti-tank guns were being used. But, instead of being artillery pieces, it was shifted into being infantry use. The Cold War was a root cause for all of these new weapons, as the Soviet Union and the United States of America, were in constant back and fourths with their technology. They would supply their ally countries with these weapons whenever they went to war, weapons like the M20 or the RPG-7 were commonly distributed . At this point of history, anti-tank guns have begun to become infantry held weapons rather than artillery pieces. In modern warfare anti-tank weapons would be mostly infantry held, some would be artillery pieces. But, due to the shift of the weapons and tanks, it began to become more infantry dependent, instead of being artillery dependent. 
2007 FIFA Women's World Cup

The 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup was the fifth FIFA Women's World Cup and it took place in China. The winners were Germany.









April 2015 Nepal earthquake

The April 2015 Nepal earthquake (also known as the Gorkha earthquake) killed more than 8,800 people and injured more than 23,000. It occurred at <time datetime="2015-04-25 11:56"></time> on 25 April. The earthquake had a magnitude of 7.8M. Its epicenter was east of the district of Lamjung. Its hypocenter was at a depth of about . It was the worst natural disaster to strike Nepal since the 1934 Nepal–Bihar earthquake.

The earthquake triggered an avalanche on Mount Everest, killing at least 19 people. This makes April 25, 2015 the deadliest day on the mountain in history. The earthquake triggered another huge avalanche in the Langtang valley, where 250 people were reported missing.

Hundreds of thousands of people were made homeless with entire villages destroyed. Centuries-old buildings were destroyed at UNESCO World Heritage Sites in the Kathmandu Valley. Experts had warned for decades that Nepal was vulnerable to a deadly earthquake.

Continued aftershocks occurred throughout Nepal within 15–20 minute intervals. One shock reached a magnitude of 6.7 on 26 April at <time datetime="2015-04-25 12:54">12:54:08</time> NST. The country also had a continued risk of landslides.

It created seven avalanches after. Many Nepalese counties were damaged by the quake.

Sonny Black (album)

Sonny Black is the 12th studio album by the German rapper Bushido. It was released on February 14, 2014 and it reached No. 1 on the German, Austrian and Swiss music charts.


Amy Sedaris

Amy Sedaris (born March 29, 1961) is an American writer, actress and comedian. She played Jerri Blank in "Strangers with Candy" on Comedy Central and The Powerpuff Girls. She played Rachel Hoffberg in "Maid in Manhattan".

Sedaris was born in Endicott, New York. She grew up in Raleigh, North Carolina.

Nicolas Wadimoff

Nicolas Wadimoff is a Swiss director and producer. He was born in 1964 in Geneva, Switzerland.

Wadimoff was born in 1964 in Geneva, Switzerland. 

1983: Graduated from the Collège de Genève 

1987: Degree in Communication from the University of Quebec, Montreal (UQAM, specialisation in cinema). 

1983-1990: Guitarist in an alternative rock group and toured round Europe.

1985-1990: founding member of the association État d'Urgences (State of Emergency), alternative cultural action group, and management of USINE, cultural centre.

Between 1992 and 1996, worked at TSR (French language TV network in Switzerland) as a director for different news magazines, including the programme Temps Présent. During this time, he filmed in Libya, Algeria, Palestine and Israel, Yemen, Rwanda, Chiapas, etc…

1994: Actor directing class with Judith Weston

1996: Directed his first feature length fiction movie, "Clandestins", winner of more than fifteen awards at international festivals.

1997-2002: Co-founder of the movie production company Caravan prod. for which he produces and directs adverts and movies to order, documentaries and fiction movies, including the TV movie “15, rue des Bains”, the feature length cinema movie “Mondialito” then in 2002 the TV movie “Kadogo, l’enfant-soldat” for France 2 and TSR.

In 2002, he left his role at caravan prod. to dedicate himself exclusively to being a writer-director. Through Akka Films, Nicolas Wadimoff started up and developed the project “Swiss Palestinian Encounters”: five short documentaries were borne out of a documentary workshop in which young aspiring Palestinian movie directors took part. The world premieres of the movies, presented under the title “My Home”, took place at the Visions du Réel Festival in April 2005 before being shown at international festivals.

In 2005, he brought out “L’Accord”, a feature length documentary that tells the behind the scenes story of the Geneva Initiative; the movie had its world premiere at the Locarno festival.

In 2006, together with the Palestinian Filmmaker’s Colllective, Nicolas Wadimoff co-produced “Summer 2006 in Palestine”, a collection a 13 short 3 minute movies by Palestinian filmmakers.

In autumn 2006, Nicolas Wadimoff directed the fictional part of a docudrama for the Franco-German TV network Arte, “Les Mystères de Monte Sana”, a science-fiction movie on stem cell treatments.

Between November 2006 and May 2007, he also directed two 26 minute episodes for the “Toutes les Télés du Monde” series, again for Arte.

In 2007, he produced “5 minutes from Home”, a documentary by Nahed Awwad, which had its international competition premiere at the Visions du Réel festival in Nyon, Switzerland.

In 2008, while still developing his own projects, Nicolas Wadimoff produced the 13 episode 6 minute “Futurofoot” series for TSR, Direct 8 (France) and Orange TV, then the movie “Dowaha” (The Secrets) by Raja Amari, shortlisted at the 2009 Venice Film Festival and “Fix Me” by Raed Andoni, shortlisted at the 2010 Sundance Festival.

In February 2009, following the War in Gaza, he shot the documentary “Aisheen” (Still Alive in Gaza), shortlisted at the 2010 Berlin Festival, then entered at the Visions du Réel festival in Nyon in April 2010.

His next feature length fiction movie, “Libertad”, based on a script written with Jacob Berger, was premiered in Director’s Fortnight in Cannes Film Festival in 2012.

In 2015, he won the prestigious "Prix de Soleure" award with "Spartans". Documentary about Yvan Sorel, who runs a MMA (Mixed Martial Arts) club in Marseille's “Quartier nord”, a district of the city mainly known in the media for its drug trafficking, gang shootings and kalashnikovs. 



2003 FIFA Women's World Cup

The 2003 FIFA Women's World Cup was the fourth FIFA Women's World Cup. It took place in the United States. The winners were Germany.

Wangen im Allgäu

Wangen im Allgäu is a city in south Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is north-east of the Lake Constance.

The city was first called "Wangun" in the year of 815. During the Middle Ages, the city growed a lot thanks to its location near many Alpine cities. The extra money that the city earned from its trade helped expand its borders.

In 1802, Wangen joined the Kingdom of Bavaria and lost its independence. Wangen was put into the Kingdom of Württemberg in 1810.

In 1936, the city was officially named "Wangen in Allgäu."

From 1938 to 1972, Wangen was the capital of the Wangen rural district. It then joined the Ravensburg district after the Wangen district broke up.

The city has been flooded a few times, most notably in 1999 and 2006.

During the 2006 FIFA World Cup, the Togo national football team stayed in Wangen.

Wangen im Allgäu's climate is humid continental (Köppen: Dfb) with cold winters and warm summers.

Nadine Angerer

Nadine Marejke Angerer (born 10 November 1978 in Lohr am Main, Germany) is a retired German association football goalkeeper. She last played for Portland Thorns FC of the NWSL and the Germany women's national football team. She was the 2013 FIFA World Player of the Year, which also means that she was the first goalkeeper to win that award.

Angerer made her debut with Germany in 1996. She won the 2003 and 2007 World Cups with them. She also won the UEFA Women's Euro in 1997, 2001, 2005, 2009, and 2013, along with bronze medals at the 2000 Olympics, 2004 Olympics, and 2008 Olympics.

Turbine Potsdam

1. FFC Frankfurt



Julian Castro

Julián Castro ( , ; (born September 16, 1974) is an American politician. He was the United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from 2014 to 2017. Before that, Castro was the Mayor of San Antonio, Texas, from 2009 to 2014. He held that office for three terms.

In January 2019, Castro announced his campaign to run for President of the United States in the 2020 election. He ended his campaign in January 2020.

Julian Castro was born in San Antonio, Texas, to Maria "Rosie" Castro and Jessie Guzman. He is the identical twin brother of current United States Representative Joaquín Castro. His mother was a Chicana political activist who helped start the Chicano political party, La Raza Unida. She also ran for the San Antonio City Council in 1971, but she did not win. Castro once said, "My mother is probably the biggest reason that my brother and I are in public service. Growing up, she would take us to a lot of rallies and organizational meetings and other things that are very boring for an 8-, 9-, 10-year-old".

Castro graduated from Thomas Jefferson High School in San Antonio in 1992. He had played football, basketball and tennis. He got an offer to play tennis at Trinity University, an NCAA Division III school in his hometown. He decided instead to go to Stanford University. He graduated from Stanford in 1996 with a bachelor's degree in political science and communications.

Castro entered Harvard Law School in 1997 and graduated with a Juris Doctor degree in 2000.

On May 22, 2014, the White House said that Castro had been nominated by President Barack Obama to be the next Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. He was approved by the Senate on July 9, 2014, by a vote of 71-26. He took office on July 28, 2014. After the announcement, Castro has been talked about as a possible 2016 Democratic Vice Presidential nominee.

On July 28, 2014, his first day in office, Castro was honored at a reception called "Celebrating Latino Cabinet Members". It was hosted by the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute.

On December 12, 2018, Castro formed an exploratory committee for a presidential bid in the 2020 election. Exactly one month later, Castro officially launched his presidential bid at a rally in San Antonio. His brother, Congressman Joaquin Castro, introduced him at the rally. He ended his campaign on January 2, 2020 following low polling numbers.

Susannah Mushatt Jones

Susannah Mushatt Jones (July 6, 1899 – May 12, 2016) was an American supercentenarian who was, at the age of 116, the world's oldest living person. Jones was the last living American person born in the 19th century.

At the time of her death in May 2016, she was considered as the 3rd-oldest person ever from the United States, after Sarah Knauss and Lucy Hannah. After Hannah's age was debunked in 2020, it turned out that she was the 2nd-oldest person ever from the United States at the time of her death behind only Sarah Knauss. However, in April 2023, Delphia Welford (1875 - 1992) has been validated, so Jones was in fact the 3rd-oldest person ever from the United States.

She has received tributes from the United States House of Representatives and from the Alabama House of Representatives "for a remarkable lifetime of exceptional achievement lived during three centuries".

Sunwing Airlines

Sunwing Airlines is a Canadian airline. It was started in 2005. Sunwing has scheduled (planned) and charter (irregular) flights. It goes to cities in Canada, United States, Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America, South America and Europe. Montréal–Trudeau, Toronto-Pearson and Vancouver are Sunwing's hubs. 

John David Crow

John David Crow (July 8, 1935 – June 17, 2015) was an American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator. He won the Heisman Trophy as a halfback at Texas A&M University in 1957. He and later played professional football in the National Football League (NFL) for the Chicago / St. Louis Cardinals and the San Francisco 49ers between 1958 and 1968. 

Pontiac Aztek

The Pontiac Aztek was a mid-size crossover sold by the Pontiac division of General Motors from 2001 to 2005. The vehicle was GM's first venture into the crossover market. It also had a twin the Buick Rendezvous. Both were built on the GM's minivan platform. The Aztek was a cross between a minivan and an SUV.

With a front engine and four-wheel drive (available after January 2001), the Aztek featured a four-speed automatic transmission and a V-6 engine. Pontiac marketed it as a "sport recreational vehicle." It featuring 94 cubic feet of cargo room capable of carrying a 4' x 8' sheet of plywood with its rear seats removed. Other features included a rear center console that doubled as a removable cooler. It had rear stereo controls in the cargo area. The Aztek featured an available camping package with an attachable tent and inflatable mattress. The latter could be inflated by a built-in air compressor.

The Aztek was a commercial failure. It was also called one of the worst vehicles ever made. Criticized for its awkward styling it was called downright ugly. The Aztek was phased out and replaced by the Pontiac Torrent. The Rendezvous continued to be sold until 2008 when it was replaced by the Enclave.

<br>

Mighty Sam McClain

Samuel McClain (April 15, 1943 – June 16, 2015), better known by his stage name Mighty Sam McClain, was an American soul blues singer and songwriter. He began his career in 1958. He was nominated for a Grammy Award. He was born in Monroe, Louisiana.

McClain died from a stroke on June 16, 2015 in Concord, New Hampshire, aged 72.

Hollis, New Hampshire

Hollis is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 8,342 at the 2020 census.

Warner, New Hampshire

Warner is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 2,937 at the 2020 census.

Sax Rohmer

Sax Rohmer was Arthur Henry Ward (15 February 1883 – 1 June 1959). He was an English novelist born in Birmingham to Irish parents. He is best remembered for his creation of the master criminal Dr Fu Manchu.

After ghostwriting the autobiography of Little Tich, a music hall entertainer, Ward issued the first Fu Manchu novel. This was "The Mystery of Dr. Fu-Manchu", serialised from October 1912 to June 1913.

It was an immediate success. It had police official Denis Nayland Smith and Dr. Petrie facing a worldwide conspiracy led by a mastermind. It reflected the "yellow peril" scares of the times. The phrase yellow peril (sometimes yellow terror or yellow spectre), was coined by Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany, in the 1890s.

The Fu Manchu stories, and other writing, made Rohmer one of the most successful and well-paid authors of the 1920s and 1930s.

AC Cobra

The AC Cobra is a hybrid sportscar consisting of a British roadster with an American engine and transmission. In 1961 Carroll Shelby and took a dated sports car and collaborated to design a body to fit a Ford V-8 engine with a Borg-Warner T-10 four-speed transmission. The resulting car made history. Designed as a Corvette-killer it was one of the fastest cars available at the time. Their bodies and chassis were produced in the UK and subsequently tuned by Carroll Shelby International Inc in the USA. They became famous as "Shelby Cobra and Shelby AC Cobra" in the USA and "AC Cobra" in Europe until 1968, when the Shelby/AC collaboration ended. Since 1969 genuine AC Cobra has been produced by . 
Carroll Shelby was one of the world's first professional race car drivers. At age 37 a bad heart forced his retirement from racing. He started building cars in the back of a tire dealership in Santa Fe Springs, California. In June 1962 he moved to Venice, California. He wanted to build an American sportscar. Others had experimented with putting an American engine into a European car body. Shelby thought he could do it better. He approached General Motors with the idea but they already had the Corvette. They were also not interested in a limited production sports car. Ford, however, was very interested. Shelby also learned that in England was having trouble getting motors for their cars. He told them Ford was interested in supplying engines if they would ship him a car to test. They sent a body and Ford sent him a V-8. He and a friend worked all night installing the engine. In the morning they had the first Shelby AC Cobra.

In the beginning Shelby used Ford's 260 cu in. engine. The V8 worked so well within the spacious engine bay Shelby looked for a larger engine. In 1963 the 289 was installed and worked very well. In 1964 Shelby moved to Ford's 427 cu in. engine and made the chassis stronger in 1965.

In October 1962 a Cobra was winning at Riverside, California when a broken hub put it out of the race. In January 1963 a Cobra won at Riverside. Cobras raced at Daytona, Sebring and Le Mans. 
In 1964 a specially designed 427 coupe won the GT Championship. The same year raced at Le Mans and placed fourth. Their legend continued to grow on the racetrack.

From 1961 to 1968 a total of only 998 were built. Of these 655 were 289 Cobras and 343 were 427 Cobras. In late 1968 AC stopped production of the Ace body. They continued to produce AC Cobras for Shelby until 1968 and have been producing it as sole manufacturer until recent days.

Shelby didn't make any more Cobras until the early 1990s. He watched as prices soared for his original cars. He also saw many Cobra replicas being built; some good, some not so good. He still had a number of unused chassis numbers for cars designed to be built in 1965. He wanted to sell them as new 1965 models but the state of California would only allow them to be sold for off-road use. He built only nine "Completion Cobras". Shelby then began to build cars as "rollers" that could be completed by an authorized dealer. They were available with a fiberglass body or the original aluminum body. He offered 289 Cobras and Cobras with 427 "side-oiler" engines. Shelby offered a 50th anniversary Cobra in all black with red interiors. They had special gold badging. He made 50, available as rollers, which were all sold out in 48 hours.

Rhizophoraceae

Rhizophoraceae is a family of flowering plants. There are 149 species in 16 genera. Most of them occur in the Old World. Well-known members of the family are mangrove trees.

James B. Rhoads

James Berton Rhoads (September 17, 1928 – April 7, 2015) was an American civil servant. He served as Fifth Archivist of the United States. He was born in Sioux City, Iowa. Rhoads received his B.A., in 1950, and M.A., in 1952, from the University of California at Berkeley. He later earned his Ph.D. from American University in Washington, DC.

Rhoads died on April 7, 2015 in Leavenworth, Kansas, aged 86.


Frank G. Burke

Frank Gerard Burke (born April 22, 1927) was an American civil servant. He served as Acting Archivist of the United States from April 16, 1985, to December 4, 1987. He received his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago. 

Allen Weinstein

Allen Weinstein (September 1, 1937 – June 18, 2015) was an American historian, educator, and federal official. He served in several different offices. He served as the Archivist of the United States from February 16, 2005 until his resignation on December 19, 2008. After his resignation, he returned to the International Foundation for Electoral Systems as the election organization's senior strategist and to the University of Maryland as a history professor.

Weinstein died of pneumonia in Gaithersburg, Maryland, aged 77.

Fredrik Fasting Torgersen

Fredrik Ludvig Fasting Torgersen (1 October 1934 – 19 June 2015) was a Norwegian man who was convicted of murder in 1958. Serving 16 years in prison before being released, he has claimed his innocence many times. 

In 2013 Bjørg Njaa, a daughter of a judge in the 1958 trial said that her father was prejudiced against Torgersen even before being assigned to the trial. In 2014 he was denied access to official recordings of then leader of the Norwegian Board of Forensic Medicine, Bjørnar Olaisen, answering to Criminal Cases Review Commission.

Jack Rollins (producer)

Jack Rollins (born Jacob Rabinowitz; March 23, 1915 – June 18, 2015) was an American movie producer and manager of many successful comedians and television personalities. He was known for working with Woody Allen and David Letterman. His last movie to be produced was Woody Allen's 2011 movie "Midnight in Paris".

Phil Austin

Philip Baine Austin (April 6, 1941 – June 18, 2015) was an American comedian and writer. Austin was best known for his work as part of The Firesign Theatre (of which he was the only constant member), where he played the group's best-known creation, Nick Danger. 


Harold Battiste

Harold Raymond Battiste, Jr. (October 28, 1931 – June 19, 2015) was an American music composer, arranger, performer and teacher. He was best known for his work as an arranger on records by Sam Cooke, Joe Jones, Lee Dorsey, Sonny and Cher, Dr. John, and others.

Battiste died on June 19, 2015, aged 83, after a period of declining health.


Sebastiano Mannironi

Sebastiano Mannironi (22 July 1930 – 11 June 2015) was an Italian weightlifter. He was born in Nuoro, Sardinia. He competed at the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal at the 1960 Olympics.

Mannironi died on 11 June 2015 in Bracciano, aged 84.

Patrick Eisdell Moore

Sir Patrick William Eisdell Moore (17 March 1918 – 18 June 2015) was a New Zealand surgeon and medical researcher. He was known for his work with cochlear implants. He was the first person in the world to perform an eardrum transplant.

Eisdell Moore was born in Bristol, Gloucestershire, England. He also as a medical officer during World War II. His autobiography "So Old So Quick" was released in 2004. He was married and had four children.

Eisdell Moore died on 18 June 2015 in Orakei, Auckland. He was 97.

The Girl Next Door (2004 movie)

The Girl Next Door is a 2004 American teen sex comedy movie. It is directed by Luke Greenfield. It stars Emile Hirsch, Elisha Cuthbert, Timothy Olyphant, James Remar, Chris Marquette and Paul Dano. It also got mixed reviews from critics with Roger Ebert giving it a 1.5 out of 4 stars. It also holds a 56% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

The movie is about a high school senior, Matthew Kidman (Emile Hirsch), who falls in love for the first time with the girl next door, Danielle (Elisha Cuthbert). However, he finds the situation becoming a problem after he learns that she is a one-time pornographic actress.


José Gaspar Rodríguez de Francia y Velasco

José Gaspar Rodríguez de Francia y Velasco (17661840) was the dictator of Paraguay. He helped Paraguay become independent from Spain. Paraguay became independent from Spain in 1811. Francia y Velasco reigned from 1814 until his death in 1840.

Francia y Velasco believed that Paraquay should be self-sufficient. During his reign, almost no goods were imported, and only yerba mate was exported. Leaves and twigs of this herb, "Ilex paraguariensis", are the basis of the drink called "mate".
(An annotated publication of the archived collection of Francia's writings, the "Colección Doroteo Bareiro", held by the "Archivo Nacional de Asuncion"):


James Salter

James Salter (born James Arnold Horowitz; June 10, 1925 – June 19, 2015) was an American novelist, short story writer, poet, screenwriter, and movie director. He was active between 1957 and 2013. His most noted novels were "The Hunters" (1957) and "A Sport and a Pastime" (1967). He also worked on the 1969 movies "Downhill Racer" (writing) and "Three" (directing).

Salter was born in New York City. He was married twice and had five children.

Salter died on June 19, 2015 in Sag Harbor, New York. He was 90.

Dogger Bank

Dogger Bank is a large sandbank in the North Sea. It lies about from the coast of England. It is about long and wide. On average, the North Sea is deep. The average depth in the area of the Dogger Bank is , at the shallowest place the water is only deep. During the last ice age, it was sometimes an island and sometimes a land bridge connecting Britain and mainland Europe.

Today, Dogger Bank is important for fishing, in particular for cod and European plaice.

Dylann Roof

Dylann Storm Roof (born April 3, 1994) is an American white supremacist and mass murderer convicted for the Charleston church shooting on June 17, 2015.

On December 15, 2016, Roof was convicted in federal court of all 33 federal charges (including hate crimes) against him stemming from the shooting; on January 11, 2017, he was sentenced to death for those crimes. In March 2017, he was sentenced life in prison without parole. On April 10, 2017, Roof was sentenced to nine consecutive sentences of life without parole.

Artificial fly

An artificial fly or fly lure is a type of fishing lure. It is usually used in the sport of fly fishing. Artificial flies imitate insects or other things fish eat. Artificial flies are made by fly tying. This is an art in which furs, feathers, thread or any of very many other materials are tied onto a fish hook. 

There are thousands of different fly patterns (kinds) available. Many imitate a particular insect a fish might recognize. Other patterns don't look like any insect, but attract fish anyway.

<br>
<br>

Azerbaijan Carpet Museum

Azerbaijan Carpet Museum (formerly called the State Museum of Azerbaijan Carpet and Applied Art) displays Azerbaijani carpets and rugs. The display shows various weaving techniques and materials from various periods. It is named after Latif Karimov and has the largest collection of Azerbaijani carpets in the world.
It moved to a brand new building on the Baku's seafront park during 2014 from its former location on Neftchiler Avenue.

The museum was established in 1967 and was first located in the Juma Mosque in the Old City. The mosque was built in the 15th century and then renovated in the 19th century. Its first exhibition was held in 1972. In 1992, after the collapse of the USSR, the museum was moved to the second floor of what is now the Baku Museum Center, a building that had originally been the Lenin museum. The collection was named in honour of the carpet designer Latif Karimov.

Plans to move the collection to a new building have been in preparation since 2010 when Azerbaijani carpets were proclaimed "a Masterpiece of Intangible Heritage" by UNESCO.
The new building was due to open in late 2012 and was visited by President Ilham Aliyev in September 2013, but as of March 2014 the new building had not yet officially opened its doors to the public. In April 2014 the museum was renamed Azerbaijan Carpet Museum dropping its much longer official title.

The collection of the museum includes over 10,000 items of ceramics, metal works of the 14th century, jewellery from the Bronze Age, carpets and carpet items from the 17th-20th centuries, national garments and embroidery, and applied art works (decorative arts and design) of the Modern Age. 
The museum organizes public lectures, study courses on carpets and applied arts.
It has a book store selling books on Azerbaijani crafts and carpet art.
The museum also holds a permanent collection from the Shusha Museum of History, from the city of Shusha, looted after occupation by Armenian troops in 1992. Part of the exhibited items of the Shusha museum were saved when the director of the museum moved out 600 carpets before the occupation. They are now displayed at the museum in an exhibition titled "Burned Culture".

The museum does research and public servie work. Every year, state and international exhibitions are organized and catalogues on carpets are printed by the museum. The museum has also held exhibitions in more than 30 countries including France, Germany, England, Japan, the Netherlands. In 1998, the museum participated in a UNESCO-organized exhibition in Paris dedicated to Fuzûlî and in 1999 dedicated to the 1,300th anniversary of the "Book of Dede Korkut" and displayed carpets, folk applied art items, including copper jugs, mugs, buckets and saddle-bags.


Guo Jianmei

Guo Jianmei (Simplified Chinese: 郭建梅; Hanyu pinyin Guō Jiànméi; born October 1961) is a Chinese lawyer and human rights activist. She is the head of an organization to help women with legal problems. In 2011, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the United States Department of State.
Guo Jianmei was born in a poor area of Hua County, Henan Province, in China. Both her parents were teachers. Guo saw poverty and problems with women's rights in her village. This gave her the idea to work for women's rights in China. She is married to writer Liu Zhenyun. 

When she was 18, Guo went to law school at Beijing University. She graduated in 1983. After she graduated, she worked at the Ministry of Justice, The All China Federation of Women, and The All China Association of Lawyers. In 1989, Guo helped to write the law on the Protection of Women's Rights and Interests. Guo traveled to more than 20 areas of China to learn about the lives of Chinese women.

In 1995, Guo went to the Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing. When a foreign lawyer asked about non-governmental organizations to help women with legal problems, everyone was silent. They understood that women had very little help in China. Later that year, Guo and her friends started the Beijing University Law School Women's Legal Research and Services Centre, China's first NGO non-governmental organization for legal help for women.

Guo helped write China's new marriage law in 2001. In 2003, she helped write the law for Regulations for Legal Aid. Guo wrote 8 books. She is also editor of three volumes of "Everyday Life Law", and "A Guide to Women's Legal Aid Cases".



Dzsenifer Marozsán

Dzsenifer Marozsán (born 18 April 1992 in Budapest, Hungary) is a German association football midfielder. She currently plays for 1. FFC Frankfurt and the Germany women's national football team. She is the daughter of Hungarian association football player, János Marozsán.

François Delapierre

François Delapierre (4 November 1970 – 20 June 2015) was a French politician. He served as the national secretary of the Left Party from December 2010 until his death. He was also the regional councillor of Île-de-France from February 2009 until his death. He was also a member of the Socialist Party from 1986 to 2008. He was born in Paris.

Delapierre died from brain cancer on 20 June 2015 in Paris, aged 44.

Takanonami Sadahiro

Takanonami Sadahiro (born Sadahiro Namioka October 27, 1971 - June 20, 2015) was a Japanese sumo wrestler and coach from Aomori. He held sumo's second highest rank of "ōzeki" from 1994 until 2000 and won two tournament titles. He lived a sumo coach life after retirement in 2000 until his death in 2015.

Elson Floyd

Elson S. Floyd (February 29, 1956 – June 20, 2015) was an American educator. He served as the 10th president of the four-campus Washington State University from May 21, 2007 to June 20, 2015. Floyd has also served as president of the University of Missouri System and president of Western Michigan University. Floyd was the Chairman of the Pac-12 CEO Group.

Floyd died in Pullman, Washington from colon cancer, aged 59.

Angelo Niculescu

Angelo Niculescu (1 October 1921—20 June 2015) was a Romanian football manager. He was the coach of the Romania national football team during the 1970 FIFA World Cup.


Timofey Mozgov

Timofey Pavlovich Mozgov (born July 16, 1986) is a Russian professional basketball player. He currently plays center for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Mozgov is from St. Petersburg, Russia. He is 7 foot 1 inches tall. Mozgov also played for the New York Knicks and the Denver Nuggets. Mozgov played in the 2012 London Olympics. His team won the bronze medal. He first came into the NBA on October 27, 2010. His jersey number is 20. Mozgov also played for Khimki Moscow Region. On June 4, 2015, he became the first Russian to play in the NBA Finals.

<br>

David Blatt

David Michael Blatt (; born May 22, 1959) is an Israeli-American professional basketball coach. He is currently the head coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Blatt played point guard at Princeton University from 1977 to 1981. He played in the Maccabiah Games for the USA national team that won a gold medal in 1981. He then played professional basketball in Israel for nine of the next 12 years. An injury ended his playing career and he began coaching full-time.

Blatt is one of the most successful American coaches in European basketball history. As a coach, Blatt has been the Israeli League Coach of the Year four times (1996, 2002, 2011, and 2014). He was the Russian Super League Coach of the Year (2005). In the 2012 Summer Olympics he led the Russian national team to win a Bronze medal. Blatt was also the Euroleague Coach of the Year (2014). He took over as Cleveland's head coach in 2014 His lifetime .639 winning percentage after the 2014–15 season was the best of any Cavaliers head coach in team history.

Blatt was born on May 22, 1959, in Boston, Massachusetts. He grew up in Framingham, Massachusetts. As a freshman he played junior varsity before becoming one of Framingham South's top players.

On August 19, 2019, he announced that he has Primary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis, the most advanced form of the autoimmune disease.

<br>

Jeremy Pargo

Jeremy Pargo is an American professional basketball player. He went to Gonzaga University. He plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C.

Eva Abu Halaweh

Eva Abu Halaweh (Arabic: إيفا أبو حلاوة), born 1975, is a Jordanian lawyer and human rights activist. In 2011 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.

Eva works against honor killings. She also works against torture and abuse in the Jordanian prisons and police stations.

Eva has a bachelor's degree in law and a master’s degree in diplomacy. Eva had her own private law practice. She also worked for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees as a legal advisor.

Eva is the Executive Director of the Mizan Law Group for Human Rights. She helped start the organization.




Nirbhaya &quot;Fearless&quot;

“Nirbhaya” (In Hindi, it means "the fearless one") was a 23-year-old physiotherapy student. On December 16, 2012, she was raped on a bus in Delhi, India. Because rape laws in India do not permit using a victim's name she was known only as "Nirbhaya". It is one of the many names the Indian media had given her. In 2013, “Nirbhaya” received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State, posthumously.
“Nirbhaya” was born into a working-class family. Her dream was to be a doctor. Her family spent their life savings so “Nirbhaya” could study medicine. She had just graduated from a physiotherapy program.

On December 16, 2012, “Nirbhaya” was attacked on a bus. On the bus she and her male friend were beaten by six men. She was dragged to the back of the bus and repeatedly gang raped for over an hour. The bus driver drove all over Delhi while this was happening. She and her friend were left for dead at the side of the road. Police found them but no ambulance would come. Police took her to the hospital. She was taken into surgery.

The government of India, including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, decided to move her to a Singapore hospital. Nirbhaya was in critical condition and on a ventilator. Doctors said there was no medical reason to move her. She was airlifted to Mt. Elizabeth Hospital in Singapore.

Two weeks after the attack, on December 29, 2012, she died. Before she died, she made two police statements in the hospital. She said she wanted justice against the six attackers.

“Nirbhaya”'s case started demonstrations and protests in India. It also started changes in the laws about violence against women. The five men and the bus driver were identified and arrested. They were charged with kidnapping, rape and murder.

One of the men arrested committed suicide in prison. One, who was a teenager at the time, was given three years in a reformatory. That was the maximum allowed for a juvenile in India. The remaining four were given the death penalty. It was Nirbhaya's dying wish the men be “burned alive”. Her parents, who had been demanding they hang, said they were satisfied by the sentences. In 2013, a year after her rape, there was a large increase in the number of persons arrested for rape. But the number of rapes had also risen sharply.



Feature phone

A feature phone or a dumbphone is a type of mobile phone. The name "feature phone" usually means the phone cannot do things that a smartphone can do. Feature phones basically allow people to make phone calls and sent text messages, while a few may also be able to play multimedia and access the internet and other services offered by the user's wireless service provider.

Modern feature phones can have smartphone-like 3G connectivity, touchscreens, and access to popular social networking services. However, these phones do not support software made by other companies as much as smartphones—because of this, feature phones are also called dumb phones.

People often buy feature phones as they are cheaper than smartphones, especially in emerging markets. In the past few years, however, phone makers have begun to make and sell cheap smartphones for sale in places where high-end smartphones are not popular.
As a result, as of 2015, feature phones are now considered very low quality products.

Production vehicle

The features of a production vehicle or production car are mass-produced identical models, offered for sale to the public. They must also be able to be legally driven on public roads ("street legal"). Legislation and other rules further define the production vehicle within particular countries or uses. There is no single worldwide definition of the term.

The term "production car" had come into use by about 1917 in the United States. The phrase was a shortened form of "mass-produced car". The phrase also meant the car was made in production, as opposed to a prototype.
At that time production cars meant cheaper vehicles such as Ford's Model T. These were made in relatively large numbers on production lines. The more expensive cars were coach built models the first model t every built is owned by trenton and robert gilman in long creek il at 6020 E Fitzgerald rd long creek il and their phone number is 217-775-9270 they are actively restoring it along with a 1969 chevy camaro they paid 20,000 for (see "Limited production" below). Now the term has broadened to include vehicles that are hand assembled or assembled on an assembly line. The main criteria is there are a number of the same model with the same specifications.

There is no fixed definition of the number of vehicles or the amount of modification allowed outside of motorsports. There are no national regulations or laws that determine what is or is not a production vehicle. By 2011, the "Guinness Book of Records" listed the Bugatti Veyron as the world's fastest production car. But only five of this version were made. In 2013 their decision was appealed on the ground that the Bugatti was a modified versionGuinness upheld the appeal and initiated a review of their production car definition. The outcome of the review was that the Bugatti record was reinstated. Guinness were also reported in some sources as saying that at least 50 identical vehicles were needed to be made to constitute a production car. In February 2014, "Road and Track" wrote that Guinness required 30 identical vehicles.

There have been many disputes over what makes production and modified cars when used in motorsports. Even under Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), the exact definition of what was (or was not) a production car was unclear. This led to rules written in 1955. The term is defined for particular types of vehicles. It also means that a certain number of a model must be produced in order to qualify as "production". But it is another matter to enforce the rules. For example, the 1968 FIA rules state that "production" for sports cars need to have at least 25 identical cars produced within a 12-month period. They also were meant for normal sale to individual purchasers. However, FIA rules tend to allow a degree of modification from the original.

The FIA Land Speed Records Commission has regulations for series-production cars attempting land speed records under its "2014 Appendix D - Regulations for Land Speed Record Attempts". Series-production cars fall under rule D2.3.2. It says that they must be: Category B: Series-production Automobiles in production at the time of the application for the Record Attempt and either homologated by the FIA, or for which an application for homologation has been made to the FIA or recognised by the ASN of the country in which they are manufactured for National Records.
Several countries have laws that define production vehicles. For example, in the United States Briggs Cunningham's business was classified as a hobby by tax officials. This was because he did not manufacture enough of each model for the Cunningham automobile to be considered a production vehicle. The IRS classified them as high-performance prototype automobiles built as racecars. Legislative definitions tend to revolve around issues of safety or revenue (taxation).

Some car tuning specialists such as Alpina who modify BMW's, are recognized as vehicle manufacturers by some governments. This brings them within the definition of a production vehicle in their country. Not all performance specialists are officially recognised. As a result their cars are not usually referred to as production vehicles.

These are usually vehicles where the production run is restricted to a specific number of vehicles. An example of this is the 1957 Rambler Rebel, a limited-production car where only 1,500 were produced.


GM Lambda platform

GM Lambda platform is a car platform designed and used by General Motors. It is a full-size crossover platform. Lambda is based on the earlier GM Epsilon platform. The Lambda platform replaces GM's U minivan platform and the GMT360 SUV platform. This is used for the Chevrolet Malibu sedan and other similar models. The Lambda architecture is used by the Chevrolet Traverse, Buick Enclave, Saturn Outlook and GMC Acadia.

The Buick Enclave concept car was previewed at the 2006 North American International Auto Show. The Saturn Outlook was shown at the 2006 New York Auto Show. The 2007 Outlook and GMC Acadia went into production in late 2006. This was followed by the 2008 Enclave in mid-2007, and the 2009 Chevrolet Traverse in mid-2008.

Lambda vehicles feature easily accessible three-row seating. They were supplied with the LY7 3.6-liter V6. Starting with the 2009 model year all Lambda vehicles have GM LLT 3.6-liter gasoline direct injection engine for improved fuel efficiency, horsepower and torque. It is unlikely GM will offer a V8 engine for Lambda. The platform has been designed for front and all-wheel drive applications. Lambda is expected to be replaced by the new GM C1XX platform.

The lambda-based GM vehicles are now considered America's most American vehicle. Frank DuBois, of the Washington, DC-based American University created a new model for finding out which cars have the highest percentage of American-made parts and labor. His index shows the GM Lambda platform CUVs are the most "American made."

<br>

Perdiendo el norte

"
Perdiendo el norte is a 2015 Spanish comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Nacho G. Velilla, and starred by Yon González, Julián López and Blanca Suárez.

Hugo and Braulio are two young students with their respective degrees, but they're unable to find any job or future due to economic crisis in Spain.

After seeing a TV-program about how a Spanish citizen is living in Germany they decide to move to Berlin. However, the things did not turn out as they had believed.



Casanovas

Casanovas is a dansband in Vadstena, Sweden. The band was started in 1989. In 1998 the band won the Svenska dansbandsmästerskapen contest.



Donnez

Donnez is a dansband in Perstorp, Sweden. The band was started in the year 2000. In 2010 the band participated at Dansbandskampen.


Chang Ch'ung-ho

Chang Ch'ung-ho or Zhang Chonghe (; May 17, 1914 – June 17, 2015), also known by her married name Ch'ung-ho Chang Frankel, was a Chinese-American poet, calligrapher, educator and Kunqu opera singer. She was called as "the last talented woman of the Republic of China" ().

On June 17, 2015, Chang Ch'ung-ho died in New Haven, Connecticut, aged 101.


William Devane

William Joseph Devane (born September 5, 1939) is an American movie, television and theater actor. He is best known for his roles as Greg Sumner on the primetime soap opera "Knots Landing" (1983–1993) and as John F. Kennedy in "The Missiles of October" (1974).

Country rock

Country rock is a subgenre of country music. It was formed by the wave of rock musicians who began to record country-flavored records in the late 1960s and early 1970s. These musicians recorded rock records using country themes. They used vocal styles and additional instrumentation, in particular pedal steel guitar. Country rock began with Bob Dylan. It reached its greatest popularity in the 1970s with artists like Emmylou Harris, the Eagles and The Doobie Brothers. Country rock also influenced artists in other genres. This included The Band, Grateful Dead, Creedence Clearwater Revival, The Rolling Stones, and George Harrison's solo work. It also played a part in the development of Southern rock.

Pierre Aubert

Pierre Aubert (3 March 1927 – 8 June 2016) was a Swiss politician, lawyer and former member of the Swiss Federal Council (1978–1987). He was elected to the Swiss Federal Council on 7 December 1977 as member of the Social Democratic Party from the canton of Neuchâtel. He handed over office on 31 December 1987. He was born in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Canton of Neuchâtel.

Aubert died on 8 June 2016 in Neuchâtel, Switzerland at the age of 89.

Archivist of the United States

The Archivist of the United States is the chief official in charge of the National Archives and Records Administration. The first Archivist, R.D.W. Connor, began serving in 1934, when the National Archives was established as an independent federal agency by Congress.

The Archivist is appointed by the President and is responsible for safeguarding and making available for study all the permanently valuable records of the federal government, including the original Declaration of Independence, Constitution and Bill of Rights, which are displayed in the Archives' main building in Washington, D.C.

The following is a list of Archivists of the United States

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Served first as Acting Archivist of the United States from Nov. 7, 1965, until his appointment as Archivist of the United States on January 16, 1966.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Served first as Acting Archivist of the United States from March 10, 1968, until his appointment as Archivist of the United States on May 2, 1968.


Jack Aeby

Jack W. Aeby (; August 16, 1923 – June 19, 2015) was an American environmental physicist and photographer. He is known for having taken the only well-exposed color photograph of the first detonation of a nuclear weapon on July 16, 1945 at the Trinity nuclear test site in New Mexico. 


William Brantley Aycock

William Brantley Aycock (October 24, 1915 – June 20, 2015) was an American educator. He served as chancellor of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 1957 until 1964 and is the retired Kenan Professor of Law at the UNC School of Law. He was born in Lucama, North Carolina in 1915.

Esther Brand

Esther Cornelia Brand (née van Heerden; 29 September 1922 – 20 June 2015) was a South African athlete. She was born in Springbok, Northern Cape. She competed in the high jump and won the gold medal for South Africa at the 1952 Summer Olympics held in Helsinki, Finland. 

Brand died after a fall at the age of 92.

Gunther Schuller

Gunther Schuller (November 22, 1925June 21, 2015) was an American composer, conductor, horn player, author, historian, and jazz musician. He was born in New York City.

Schuller died on June 21, 2015 in Boston, Massachusetts from leukemia, aged 89. 


Anne Nicol Gaylor

Anne Nicol Gaylor (November 25, 1926 – June 14, 2015) was an American atheist and reproductive rights advocate. She co-founded the Freedom from Religion Foundation and an abortion fund for Wisconsin women. She wrote the book "Abortion Is a Blessing " and edited "The World Famous Atheist Cookbook."

Chile women's national football team

Chile women's national football team () represents Chile on the women's side in association football. It is controlled by ANFP and its member of CONMEBOL. Additionally, the team has qualified for FIFA Women's World Cup in 2019.


Golden Sun: The Lost Age

The game was given positive reviews:

IGN rated the game a 9 out of 10. Craig Harris of IGN said that they liked the more complicated puzzles that were added even though most of the mechanics in the game did not change. IGN named "The Lost Age" as their "Game of the Month" in April 2003. IGN ranked the game at #78 on their Readers Choice Top 100 games ever in 2006.

"The Lost Age" was also ranked at the 69th best game made on a Nintendo System by "Nintendo Power" in their "Top 200 Games" list.

Division of Northern Territory

The Division of Northern Territory was an Australian Electoral Division in the Northern Territory from 1922 until 2001. During this time it was the only Division in the Territory.

The Division was set up in 1922, as a part of the "Northern Territory Representation Act 1922". The Member for Northern Territory did not have full voting rights until 1968, and did not count for the purpose of forming government. Before 1936, the Member could speak in the House and take part in committee work, but could not vote. Between 1936 and 1959 the Member had limited voting on Territory laws. Between 1959 and 1968, the Member could only vote on laws that affected the Territory.

In December 2000, the Division was split into two new divisions, the Division of Solomon, which covered the area immediately around Darwin, and the Division of Lingiari, which covered the rest of the territory.

On 19 February 2003, the new Divisions were removed and a single Division was brought back. On 28 April 2004 the "Commonwealth Electoral Amendment (Representation in the House of Representatives) Act 2004" had the effect of leaving the Northern Territory divided into two Divisions.

Alexander Schalck-Golodkowski

Alexander Schalck-Golodkowski (July 3, 1932 – June 21, 2015) was a East German politician and trader. He was born in Berlin. He was director of a main department ('Hauptverwaltungsleiter') in the Ministry for Foreign Trade and German Domestic Trade (1956–62), the Deputy Minister for External Trade (1967–75), and head of the GDR's "Kommerzielle Koordinierung" (KoKo, 1966–86). He was also a Stasi colonel.


Heinrich Rau

Heinrich Gottlob "Heiner" Rau (2 April 1899 – 23 March 1961) was a German communist politician during the time of the Weimar Republic. He was a leading member of the International Brigades, a member of the Landtag of Prussia (1928-1933) and after World War II an East German statesman. He was the chairman of the German Economic Commission, the precursor to the East German government.

Võ Nguyên Giáp

Võ Nguyên Giáp (25 August 1911 – 4 October 2013) was a general in the Vietnam People's Army and a politician. He fought during World War II, where he served as the military leader of the Viet Minh resistance against the Japanese occupation of Vietnam. 

Giap was a principal commander in two wars: the First Indochina War (1946–54) and the Vietnam War (1960–75). He fought in the following historically significant battles: Lạng Sơn (1950), Hòa Bình (1951–52), Điện Biên Phủ (1954), the Tết Offensive (1968), the Easter Offensive (1972), and the final Ho Chi Minh Campaign (1975).

Võ Nguyên Giáp was also a teacher and a journalist, an interior minister in President Hồ Chí Minh's Việt Minh government, the military commander of the Viet Minh, the commander of the People's Army of Vietnam (PAVN), and defense minister. He also served as a member of the Politburo of the Vietnam Workers' Party, which in 1976 became the Communist Party of Vietnam.

On 4 October 2013 Võ Nguyên Giáp died in Hanoi at the age of 102. He was given a state funeral on 12 and 13 October 2013 and his body lay in state at the national morgue in Hanoi until his burial at the Vũng Chùa - Đảo Yến in his home province of Quảng Bình.

On 8 February 2015, Nhat Tan - Noi Bai freeway renamed to Vo Nguyen Giap street in Dong Anh and Soc Son, Hanoi

On 9 March 2021, Ho Chi Minh City named Vo Nguyen Giap street in Thu Duc city


Duma

A duma is a Russian assembly.

Duma may also mean:


Lucie Aubrac

Lucie Samuel (29 June 1912 – 14 March 2007), born Lucie Bernard, and better known as Lucie Aubrac, was a French history teacher. She was a member of the French Resistance during World War II.

Aubrac died in Issy-les-Moulineaux, near Paris, on 14 March 2007, aged 94. She was survived by her three children and her husband, Raymond Aubrac.


Raymond Aubrac

Raymond Aubrac (31 July 1914 – 10 April 2012) was a French engineer and leader. He was the leader of the French Resistance during the Second World War and a civil engineer after the Second World War.


Laura Antonelli

Laura Antonelli (28 November 1941 – 22 June 2015) was an Italian movie and television actress. She appeared in 45 movies between 1965 and 1991. Her most movies were "Malicious", "Till Marriage Do Us Part", and "The Innocent".

Antonelli died on 22 June 2015 in Rome from a heart attack, aged 73.


Kristine Lilly

Kristine Marie Lilly Heavey (born July 22, 1971), née Kristine Marie Lilly, is a retired American soccer player. She last played professionally for Boston Breakers in Women's Professional Soccer (WPS). She was a member of the United States women's national soccer team for 24 years. Lilly has won two World Cup Championships. She is twice an Olympic gold medalist (1996 and 2004) and won an Olympic silver medal (2000). Lilly is the most capped soccer player in the history of the sport. No other women's or men's player has done this. She gained her 352nd and final cap against Mexico in a World Cup qualifier in November 2010. Lilly scored 130 goals for the United States women's national team. This placed her behind Mia Hamm's 158 goals and Abby Wambach's ongoing tally of 182. On Feb. 14, 2015, Kristine Lilly was inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame.

<br>

Petit Ballon

Le Petit Ballon ("The Little Balloon") is one of the highest peaks of the Vosges Mountains in Haut-Rhin, Alsace, France. Its height is above sea level.

Posadas, Misiones

Posadas is the capital city of the Misiones Province in Argentina. In 2012, about 344,833 people lived in the city area.


Banu Sulaym

The Banu Sulaym () was a group of Nomadic Arabs. In the 11th century they migrated from Upper Egypt into what is now Tunisia and eastern Algeria. They defeated the Berbers. 

Oral tradition says that the tribe would have left Arabia to go to Egypt. According to their legend they rebelled against the Caliph of Baghdad in the second half of the 10th century. In 1049, when the Zirid ruler of Tunisia rebelled against Egypt, nomads were sent to punish them. Ibn Khaldun, an early Tunisian historian, said they were like "a cloud of locusts" when they invaded Tunisia. The Arab poets told of their many conquests as they moved west. They were defeated in a series of battles during the 12th century by the Moroccan dynasty. Even though it was an oral history, they were a real tribe. They did come from the Arabian Peninsula. They did control much of North Africa for over a century. They were mostly installed in the south of Tunisia and Libya as well as a minority in the south of Algeria and the Moroccan plains.



Maqil

The Maqil () were an Arabian nomadic tribe. In the 11th century they migrated from Yemen into what is now the Sahara Desert and Morocco. They mainly settled near forests and oases.

Despite their originally small number (less than 200), they were later involved in fighting a dynasty of Sunni Muslims. They also brought change to the culture of these regions, and a new language.

They descend from son of , father of the Hebrews and coming from the line of Seth, son of Adam.

The exact origin of the Maqil tribe is unknown. They claimed for themselves a prestigious Banu Hashim descent from Jaafar ibn Abi Talib, son of Abu Talib and brother of Ali ibn Abi Talib. Arabian genealogists categorized them as Hilalians. Ibn Khaldun wrote that both of these versions are false, since the Banu Hashim lived in urban cities and were not nomadic nor ever wandered in desert wolds. He added that the Maqil is a name only found in Yemen.
Ibn Khaldun speculated that they were likely an Arab nomadic group from Yemen, and this is supported by bn al-Kalbi and Ibn Said.


Henry Morton Stanley

Sir Henry Morton Stanley GCB (born John Rowlands; 28 January 1841 – 10 May 1904) was a Welsh journalist and explorer. He was famous for his exploration of central Africa, and his search for missionary and explorer David Livingstone.

When he found Livingstone, Stanley reportedly asked, "Dr. Livingstone, I presume?" Stanley is also known for his search for the source of the Nile, his work in the Congo Basin, and for commanding the Emin Pasha Relief Expedition.

Stanley's expeditions are known for the cruelty and murders of Africans. He has the highest kill rate among Africa's explorers. Despite this, he was highly admired and supported by British and Belgian monarchies and knighted in 1899.

Stanley was MP for Lambeth North from 1895-1900.

Stanley never knew his father, and was abandoned by his mother after birth. His birth certificate describes him as John Rowlands, a bastard. The stigma of illegitimacy weighed heavily upon him all his life.

In New Orleans he renamed himself as Henry Morgan Stanley, joined the Confederate States Army and was captured. He joined the Union Army and later the Union Navy.

In 1869, Stanley was instructed by the "New York Herald" to find the Scottish missionary and explorer David Livingstone, who was known to be in Africa but had not been heard from for some time. According to Stanley's account, he asked how much he could spend. The reply was "Draw £1,000 now, and when you have gone through that, draw another £1,000, and when that is spent, draw another £1,000, and when you have finished that, draw another £1,000, and so on — BUT FIND LIVINGSTONE!" Stanley had lobbied his employer for several years to mount this expedition.

Stanley found Livingstone on 10 November 1871, in Ujiji near Lake Tanganyika in present-day Tanzania. He may have greeted him with the now-famous line, "" It may also have been a fabrication, as Stanley tore out of his diary the pages relating to the encounter.

In 1874, the "New York Herald," in partnership with Britain's "Daily Telegraph," financed Stanley on another expedition to the African continent. One of his missions was to solve a last great mystery of Africa by tracing the course of the Congo River to the sea. The difficulty of this expedition is hard to overstate. Stanley used sectional boats to pass the great cataracts that separated the Congo into distinct tracts. The boats had to be taken apart and transported around the rapids before being rebuilt to travel on the next section of river. After 999 days, on 9 August 1877, Stanley reached the Portuguese outpost of Boma, around 100 km from the mouth of the Congo River. Starting with 356 people, he reached Boma with 114 survivors, and he was the only European left. He wrote about his trials in his book "Through the Dark Continent".

Stanley was approached by King Leopold II of the Belgians, the ambitious Belgian monarch. In 1876 the king organized a private holding company disguised as an international scientific and philanthropic (goodwill) association. He called it the "International African Association".

The King spoke of his intentions to introduce Western civilization and bring religion to that part of Africa. He did not mention he wanted to claim the lands. At the end of his life, the King was embittered that his establishment of a Congo Free State was spoilt by its unscrupulous government. Also, the spread of sleeping sickness across central Africa may have been caused by the movements of Stanley's enormous baggage train, and the Emin Pasha relief expedition.

In 1886, Stanley led the Emin Pasha Relief Expedition to "rescue" Emin Pasha, the governor of Equatoria in the southern Sudan. King Leopold II demanded that Stanley take the longer route, via the Congo River. He hoped to get more territory. After immense hardships and great loss of life, Stanley met Emin in 1888, charted the Ruwenzori Range and Lake Edward, and emerged from the interior with Emin and his surviving followers at the end of 1890.

This expedition tarnished Stanley's name because of the conduct of the other Europeans: British gentlemen and army officers. An army major was shot by a carrier, after he behaved with extreme cruelty. James Sligo Jameson, heir to Jameson's, an Irish whiskey manufacturer, bought an 11-year-old girl and offered her to cannibals to document and sketch how she was cooked and eaten. Stanley found out only when Jameson had died of fever.

Azerbaijani carpet

Azerbaijani rugs () are carpets made in Azerbaijan, an ancient center of carpet weaving. The Azerbaijani carpet is a traditional handmade textile of many sizes, with dense texture and a smooth or rough surface, whose patterns are characteristic of Azerbaijan's many carpet-making regions. Traditionally, since ancient times the carpets were used in Azerbaijan to cover floors, decorate interior walls, sofas, chairs, beds and tables. 

Carpet making is a family tradition transferred orally and through practice, with carpet making and rug making being almost women's job. In the past every young girl had to learn the art of weaving carpets, and the carpets she wove became a part of her dowry. In the case of a newly married son, it was his mother who wove a large rug for his new household. Starting a new carpet meant a feast, but the completion of a rug meant an even greater celebration for the family. In the old days finished carpets were laid out in front of the house so that passers-by with the weight of their feet could make them even tighter than they had already been knotted. For the traditional process of carpet and rug making, men removed the wool from the sheep in the spring and autumn, while women collected dyestuffs and spin and dye yarn in the spring, summer and autumn. Azerbaijani carpets are divided into four large regional groups: Quba-Shirvan, Ganja-Kazakh, Karabakh, and Baku. 

In November 2010 the Azerbaijani carpet was made a "Masterpiece of Oral and Intangible Heritage" by UNESCO.

The rugs have unique patterns with characteristics of Azerbaijan's carpet-making regions. These carpets are used to cover floors, decorate interior walls, sofas, chairs, beds and tables.

Carpet making is a Azeri family tradition, carpet making and rug making is solely a women's occupation. In the past, every young girl had to learn the art of weaving carpets. If a son of a family is newly married, it was his mother who wove a large rug for his new household. Traditionally, men sheared the sheep in the spring and autumn, while women dyed the yarn in the spring, summer and autumn.


Elgin Baylor

Elgin Gay Baylor (September 16, 1934 – March 22, 2021) was an American basketball player, coach, and executive. He played 13 seasons as a forward in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Baylor played for the Minneapolis / Los Angeles Lakers, appearing in eight NBA Finals. Baylor was a gifted shooter, strong rebounder, and an accomplished passer. Baylor was famous for his acrobatic moves on the court. He regularly dazzled Lakers fans with his trademark hanging jump shots. Baylor was the No. 1 draft pick in 1958. He was NBA Rookie of the Year in 1959. Baylor was named an NBA All-Star 11 times. He is regarded as one of the game's all-time greatest players. In 1977, Baylor was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.

Baylor was born September 16, 1934 in Washington, DC. He attended high school at Washington, D.C.'s Springarn High. He was an All-American at Seattle University. In 1958 he led his team to the NCAA finals.

In 1958 he was the number 1 pick in the NBA draft by the Minneapolis Lakers. The Lakers were struggling and on the verge of bankruptcy. Baylor was just what they needed and he led the team to the 1959 NBA Finals. On November 15, 1960 Baylor set a then NBA record. He scored 71 points and 25 rebounds in one game. This was while he was still on active duty with the United States Army. He could only play with the Lakers on weekends.
Baylor was 6-5 and weighed 225 pounds. He was strong and graceful on the court. During his 14-year career with the Minneapolis and Los Angeles Lakers Baylor averaged 27.4 points a game. He held an average of 13.5 rebounds per game. He averaged 27 points a game in 134 appearances in playoff games. Early in the 1970-71 season Baylor suffered a severe knee injury. He didn't return until the 1971-72 season playing only nine games before he retired. He was 37 years old.

Baylor spent 22 years as general manager of the Los Angeles Clippers. He won the NBA Executive of the Year Award in 2006. He was relieved of his duties shortly before the 2008–09 season began.

Baylor died on March 22, 2021, at age 86 of natural causes in Los Angeles.


Hugh O'Brian

Hugh O'Brian (born Hugh Charles Krampe; April 19, 1925—September 5, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his starring role in the 1955-1961 ABC western television series, "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp".

O'Brian died at his home in Beverly Hills, California on September 5, 2016 at the age of 91.


Chris Woodhead

Sir Christopher Anthony Woodhead (20 October 1946 – 23 June 2015) was a British educator. He was head of Ofsted, the Office for Standards in Education, Children's Services and Skills, from 1994 to 2000. Ofsted is a non-ministerial department of the UK government. The head of Ofsted is also Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Schools in England, which is a crown appointment.

Woodhead graduated in English at the University of Bristol, where he also took a PGCE. He obtained a Master of Arts in English from Keele University in 1974.

In 1976, he left teaching, allegedly as the result of an affair with a sixth-form pupil, something he always denied. Later, he moved into teacher education.

Woodhead was one of the most controversial figures in debates on the direction of English education policy. Woodhead advocated "traditional teaching methods". He took a scornful view of "progressive educational theories" introduced into English schools from the 1960s onwards.

He was Chairman of Cognita, a company dedicated to fostering private education, from 2004 to 2013.

Woodhead died after a nine-year battle with motor neurone disease, aged 68.



Magali Noël

Magali Noëlle Guiffray (27 June 1930 – 23 June 2015), better known as Magali Noël, was a French actress and singer. She was known for her song "Fais-moi mal, Johnny" ("Hurt me Johnny"). Her best known movie was "La Dolce Vita".

Noël died on 23 June 2015, aged 84.


Helmuth Lohner

Helmuth Lohner (24 April 1933 – 23 June 2015) was an Austrian actor and theatre director. From 1997 to 2006, Lohner was director of the Theater in der Josefstadt. Lohner was born in Vienna.

Lohner died on 23 June 2015 at the age of 82.

Slade Gorton

Thomas Slade Gorton III (January 8, 1928 – August 19, 2020) was an American politician. He was a U.S. senator from Washington state from 1981 to 1987, and from 1989 to 2001.

He held both of the state's Senate seats in his career and was narrowly defeated for reelection twice as an incumbent: in 1986 by Brock Adams, and in 2000 by Maria Cantwell after a recount. Gorton was twice both Senior Senator (1983–87, 1993–2001) and Junior Senator (1981–83, 1989–93).

Gorton died on August 19, 2020 in Clyde Hill, Washington from Parkinson's disease-related problems at the age of 92.


Thomas Kean

Thomas Howard "Tom" Kean, Sr. (; born April 21, 1935) is an American Republican Party politician. He served as the 48th Governor of New Jersey from 1982 to 1990.


Grefrath, Neuss

Grefrath is a district of Neuss, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. 



State University of Londrina

Universidade Estadual de Londrina (abbreviated UEL; State University of Londrina) is one of the public universities of the State of Paraná, Brazil.

UEL was created in 1970, being recognized officially by Federal Ordinance 69.234/71. In 1987 'free teaching' was implemented at the Institution, and in 1991 it gained autonomy from the State. Since the 2005 admission exam, UEL adopted an official system of quotas for black students, as well as quotas for applicants originating from public schools, in order to attend to social and minority support policies. 
It is located in the city of Londrina, second largest city in the state and fourth largest in the southern region of the country.

Students are admitted by an entrance exam, also known as vestibular exam, composed by two steps:





The Center of Humanities and Languages occupies an area of 9.079,17 m2. The department employs 180 instructors, 50 ancillary employees, and consists of the following sub-faculties: 

The Center of Sciences Biological contains 10 departments: 

The Center of Exact Sciences has 7 departments: 

The Center of Applied Social Studies has 6 departments: 

The Center of Health Sciences has 11 departments: 

The Center of Education, Communication and Arts are composed of 6 departments: 

The Center of Agrarian Sciences is composed of 5 departments: 

The Center of Technology and Urbanization is composed of 4 departments: 

The Center of Physical education and Sports are composed of 3 departments: 
Department of Sport Science
Department of Physical Education
Department of Human Movement Studies


São Gonçalo, Rio de Janeiro

São Gonçalo () is a city in the state of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Its population (as of 2009) is 1,010,212 inhabitants, and it is the second most populous city in the state after the capital, Rio de Janeiro.

Its population was 1,010,212 in 2009. The total area of the city is .
It is the second most populous city in the state after Rio de Janeiro, the capital of the state.

São Gonçalo has a tropical Atlantic climate, with rainy summers and relatively dry winters. The city has different temperatures at different times of the year. They can be up to in summer and during winter. Generally, the temperature is between the maximum of and minimum .
But for most part of the year, i.e. from May to October, the temperature is milder because the climate is drier and less hot.

São Gonçalo has a high population growth rate. 1,016,128 people live in the city, up from 960,631 in 2007. According to the 2012 census, the racial makeup of São Gonçalo includes: Whites (22.7%), Brown (54.1%), Black or African (20.2%), two or more races (3%) and Asian (0.02%). The non-Brazilian population was 3.5% (Paraguayan 2%, Bolivian 1%, Chinese 0.5%), which is a high number compared to other cities in Brazil. The same census said that São Gonçalo has a large amount of poverty. 31.5% of the population was officially living in poverty in 2012, down from 81% in 1990. People considered "Class A" were only 4.7% of the population.

The Rio de Janeiro State Teachers' Training College (FFP-UERJ) stands out in the city. It is the largest teachers' college in Rio de Janeiro state. Its students are mostly residents from Sao Goncalo, but many come from Niterói, Rio de Janeiro, Itaboraí, and cities of the Baixada Fluminense region, among others. For many years, students from this campus have asked for a bus route to the Saint Mary UERJ Maracanã.

São Gonçalo has the following hospitals: Hospital Estadual Alberto Torres; Eye Hospital Niteroi; Hospital Luiz Palmier; Hospital Adam Pereira Nunes; Barone Hospital de Medeiros; Silveira Hospital Infantil Darcy Vargas, Hospital Pads, Hospital Santa Maria.

São Gonçalo has poor garbage collection services. Garbage sometimes collects on the streets for this reason. In December 2008, waste collectors went on strike, which made the problem even worse. In January 2011, garbage collection stopped for more than a week in some parts of the city.

Zélio Fernandino de Moraes, founder of the Umbanda Branca religious sect, was born in São Gonçalo.

Cara Delevingne

Cara Delevingne (born 12 August 1992) is a British supermodel, actress and singer of Jewish descent. Delevingne was named Model of the Year in April 2015 by the British Fashion Awards.

Delevigne is in a relationship with the musician, Annie Erin Clark, better known by her stage name, St. Vincent.


Pokémon Colosseum

The concept for "Pokémon Colosseum" was influenced by RPGs like "Final Fantasy VII" and "". During an interview with Prima Games, "Pokémon" director Junichi Masuda was asked why the gameplay did not mirror that of the other games in the series. Masuda said "How players communicate with each other has been key to the "Pokémon" games – it is the backbone of all "Pokémon" game designs. I feel that the handheld systems work better than the home-based consoles. It's certainly possible to come up with concepts for home-based consoles, but we might then have to change the core of the game."

The game was first shown at E3 2003.

IGN rated the game a 7.5 out of 10. Craig Harris of IGN said that the "Pokémon" RPG's move to 3D "does a decent enough job" and is "a bit more linear and straightforward".

In 2006, "Nintendo Power" ranked the game as the 121st greatest video game to appear on a Nintendo console.

Rutland, Vermont (city)

Rutland (city), Vermont is a city in Vermont. In 2020 the population was around 15,807 residents.

Statik Selektah

Patrick Baril (born January 23, 1982), also known as Statik Selektah, is an American record producer from Boston, MA. Selektah is also a disc jockey (DJ) and radio announcer. He is also the founder of Showoff Records. 

In 2010, he began a hip hop group named 1982, with two other American rappers.






Nicola Badalucco

Nicola Badalucco (13 May 1929 – 17 June 2015) was an Italian screenwriter. He has written for 38 movie since 1969. He was nominated for an Academy Award at the 42nd Academy Awards in the category Original Screenplay for the movie "The Damned".

James Carnegie, 3rd Duke of Fife

James George Alexander Bannerman Carnegie, 3rd Duke of Fife (23 September 1929 - 22 June 2015) was a great-grandson of King Edward VII of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. 

He was the first person in the line of succession to the British throne who was not related to King George V. As a great-grandson of a British sovereign, he did not carry out royal and official duties or receive any funds from the Civil List. 

The Duke of Fife was the second cousin to Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom and Harald V of Norway. Through his maternal grandfather, he was also a descendant of William IV of the United Kingdom and Dorothea Jordan.

Shere Hite

Shere Hite (born as Shirley Diana Gregory; November 2, 1942 – September 9, 2020) was an American and a German feminist and sexologist. She was known for her research on women's orgasms. "The Hite Report: A Nationwide Study of Female Sexuality" was published in 1976. The report is Hite's most famous work. 

Hite was born in St. Joseph, Missouri. She received her masters degree in History from the University of Florida in 1967. She then moved to New York City.

In 1985 Hite married Friedrich Horicke, a German concert pianist. The couple divorced in 1999.

She moved to Germany in 1989 and became a German citizen in 1996. She isn't an American citizen anymore.

Hite died on September 9, 2020 in London from problems caused by Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease, aged 77.

The Producers (TV series)

The Producers (Hangul: 프로듀사) is a 2015 South Korean television series. It stars Kim Soo-hyun, Cha Tae-hyun, Gong Hyo-jin and IU. It was shown on KBS from May 15 to June 20, 2015.



Douglas Spalding

Douglas Alexander Spalding (1841–1877) was an English biologist. He was one of the founders of ethology (animal behaviour), but it took a long time before this was appreciated.

He was born in Islington in London in 1841, and began life as a workman. Later, when he lived near Aberdeen, he attended courses without charge. He studied philosophy and literature, but after a year he returned to London. Spalding trained to be a lawyer, but contracted tuberculosis.

He travelled in Europe in hopes of finding a cure. In Avignon he met John Stuart Mill, and through Mill he met John Russell, Viscount Amberley. Russell was the son of the former British Prime Minister Lord John Russell. Spalding became tutor to Viscount Amberley's children, including perhaps the very young Bertrand Russell. He also carried on an intermittent affair with Katharine Russell, Lord Amberley's wife. After Lord Amberley's death in 1876, Spalding returned to the continent and died there the following year.

Spalding carried out some remarkable experiments on animal behaviour, and discovered the phenomenon now known as imprinting. This was later rediscovered by Oskar Heinroth, then studied and popularised by Konrad Lorenz and Niko Tinbergen.

Instinct and imprinting were the first scientific concepts in ethology. Spalding was able to prove that the behaviour of chicks after hatching from the egg happened even when they had "no experience, practice or even information from the senses". Therefore the capacity was inherited. J.B.S. Haldane reprinted Spalding's essay "On Instinct" in 1954 to show how important it was for the history of ethology.

If we realise that birds are descendants of dinosaurs, and (say) cats are mammals, the we can understand the effects of their births. A bird comes out of the shell ready-made. After an initial feeding that's it as far as the parents are concerned. On the other hand, cats have quite a long period when the mother looks after them. They are initially almost helpless. The role of play is very much another mammalian learning device. On the other hand, birds do not learn to fly. They fly when their anatomy is developed.
This is what Spalding proved. 

List of rivers of New Hampshire

This is a list of rivers of New Hampshire, USA.


Wild grape

Wild grapes are natural, uncultivated grapes. There are many species. Most are similar to each other, and difficult to tell apart. Fox grape ("vitis labrusca"), summer grape ("vitis aestivalis"), and riverbank grape ("vitis riparia") are some common species.

Wild grapes have woody vines which can climb over thirty feet tall. They have large, three-lobed leaves with teeth on the edges. They can be found on streambanks, pond edges, roadsides, and in open woods. In woods, the vine is probably very large and has grown up with the tree.

Wild grapes use tendrils (like above-ground roots) to grab onto branches or bark of larger plants. The bark is brownish-gray and very shreddy.

Wild grape flowers are green and small. They bloom from May to July. The fruit, of course, is what grapes are known for. They grow large berries in clusters of up to twenty. Fruits become ripe from August to October. The fruit is very important for wildlife. Each berry contains two to six seeds. When animals eat the fruit, they help spread the vines by defecating seeds in new places.

Many birds nest in wild grape tangles, and many use bark from the vine to build nests.

WCSH

WCSH is the NBC television station for Southern Maine as well as Eastern and Northern New Hampshire. Its studios are in Portland. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 44 from a transmitter on Winn Mountain in Sebago, Maine. It is owned by the Gannett Company.

The station airs syndicated programs including: "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire", "The Doctors", "Rachael Ray" and "Inside Edition".

WCSH is the sister station to Maine's other NBC affiliate, WLBZ in Bangor. The twin stations run much of the same programming. Syndicated programming shown only on WCSH includes "The Andy Griffith Show". WLBZ also airs separate station identifications and advertising. With the two stations essentially operating as one, they give statewide coverage not offered by any other channels in Maine.


Leo

Leo or LEO may refer to:



Chevrolet HHR

The Chevrolet HHR (for "Heritage High Roof") was a retro-styled station wagon. It was introduced by Chevrolet at the 2005 Los Angeles Auto Show as a 2006 model. It was designed by Bryan Nesbitt. The HHR shared the GM Delta platform with the Chevrolet Cobalt, Pontiac G5, Saturn Ion, and Saturn Astra. In Mexico, it was sold alongside its predecessor, the Opel-sourced Chevrolet Zafira compact MPV.

The last HHRs were assembled in May 2011. The HHR was sold in dealerships across North America until October 2011. In the compact crossover wagon/SUV class, the HHR was succeeded by the Chevrolet Trax in North America and Europe. The HHR was replaced in the U.S. by the Chevrolet Captiva Sport. This was a rebadged version of the Opel Antara. However, the Captiva Sport is only available as a fleet vehicle and is not available new to the general public.

<br>

Oleg Tymoshenko

Oleg S. Tymoshenko (Ukrainian: [ɔlɛg tɪmɔʃɛ'nkɔ]; born December 4, 1932; died December 20, 2010), was a Ukrainian choral conductor, professor, artist and academician. Tymoshenko was the honorary President of Green Cross Ukraine. He was a People's Artist of Ukraine, a member of The Lviv National Academy of Arts, and a full Cavalier of the Order of Merit. He was a member of the Ministry of Culture of Ukraine and the Ministry of Education. Tymoshenko was Rector of .

Tymoshenko was born on December 4, 1932, in Kreminna, in the Luhansk Oblast (province) of Ukraine. 

Starting in 1949, he studied at Lugansk College of Music. He graduated from there in 1953. He then studied at the Kiev Conservatory, graduating in 1960.

From 1960–1963, he worked as Director and teacher at the Nikolai Leontovich Music College in Vinnytsia.

In 1963-2004 he worked at the Kiev Conservatory. His positions there included:


In 1996, he was selected as a founding member of the National Academy of Arts of Ukraine. 

In 2000, Oleg Tymoshenko, supported by the founding president of Green Cross International (), Mikhail Gorbachev, created a national branch of Green Cross (English name Green Cross Ukraine), which he headed until 2010.

He died on December 20, 2010, in Switzerland.


Bobby Jindal 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Bobby Jindal, the Governor of Louisiana, was formally launched on June 24, 2015. It's headquarters is in New Orleans, Louisiana.

His candidacy for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 election comes after years of speculation concerning a possible candidacy following the 2012 election. Jindal is the first Indian American and third Asian American to run for President of the United States.

On November 17, 2015, Jindal officially suspended his presidential campaign, saying "this is not my time".

Jindal officially launched his campaign for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination on June 24, 2015 with an announcement via Twitter, ahead of a planned formal announcement in the New Orleans suburb of Kenner later that day.

As of late July 2015, Jindal has been polling about 1.4 % of the Republican primary electorate.



Anouk Aimée

Anouk Aimée (; born 27 April 1932) is a French movie actress. She has appeared in 70 movie since 1947. She is known for her movie role as Maddalena in "La Dolce Vita" (1960). She won a Golden Globe Award and a BAFTA Award.

She converted to Judaism when she was an adult.


Yvonne Furneaux

Yvonne Furneaux (born 11 May 1928 in Roubaix, Nord-Pas-de-Calais) is a French movie actress. She is known for her role as Emma in "La Dolce Vita".

Riccardo Garrone

Riccardo Garrone (1 January 1926 – 14 March 2016) was an Italian movie actor. He appeared in over 150 movies since 1949. He worked in comedy movies. He was known for his roles in "La Dolce Vita", "The Dinner", and in "Girl with a Suitcase".

Garrone died in Milan, Italy on 14 March 2016 from heart failure. He was aged 90.

Oskar Heinroth

Oskar Heinroth (Mainz-Kastel, 1 March 1871 – Berlin, 31 May 1945) was a German biologist who was one of the founders of ethology. Heinroth was director of the Berlin Zoo & Aquarium for over 30 years. He married twice, both times to colleagues: He was married to Magdalena (née Wiebe, 1904-1932) and, after her death, to Katharina (née Berger, 1933-1945).

His studies of behaviour in the Anatidae (ducks and geese) showed their instinctive behaviour patterns. He also rediscovered the phenomenon of imprinting, reported in the 19th century by Douglas Spalding but not followed up at the time. Heinroth showed that the behaviour of birds was characteristic of a species, as much as its anatomy.

His results were popularised by Konrad Lorenz, whose mentor he was. Lorenz regarded Heinroth as the true founder of the study of animal behaviour as a branch of zoology.


Abadia de Goiás

Abadia de Goiás is a city in the state of Goiás, Brazil. Its estimated that the population in 2010 was 6,868.


Abadia dos Dourados

Abadia dos Dourados is a Brazilian city in the state of Minas Gerais. Its estimated that the population in 2007 was 6,556 people living in a total area of 894 km².

The city is located in the region of the Alto Paranaíba, south of the Paranaíba River and west of the Emborcação Reservoir. It is in the valley of the upper reaches of the Dourados River. Neighboring cities are: Catalão (N), Monte Carmelo (E), Coromandel (S), and Douradoquara (W).


Abadiânia

Abadiânia is a city in the state of Goiás, Brazil.

Abadiânia is part of the Entorno do Distrito Federal statistical micro-region. Neighboring municipalities are:

Despite being a municipality since 1953 Abadiânia was only installed in its present site in the 1960s. The population was not happy with conditions of access and little by little they began to build their houses along the highway 18 kilometers away, where the present-day town is located.

Abaeté

Abaeté is a municipality in the north of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. It covers an area of . In 2007, the population was 22,474. Abaeté became a municipality in 1870.

Abaeté belongs to the statistical micro-region of Três Marias. It is located at an elevation of 641 meters between the São Francisco River and the Indaiá River. Neighboring municipalities are:


"Abaeté", of Tupi-Guarani origin, means strong man or brave man. It was the word by which the local natives called themselves. The first name of the settlement was Nossa Senhora das Dores do Marmelada.

Abaetetuba

The city of Abaetetuba is located in Pará State, Brazil. The population of the municipality is 141,054. Of those, 78,000 live in the city proper (IBGE figure 2010). The city is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Abaetetuba.

"Abaetetuba" comes from the Tupi language and means "group of true men", from the words "abá" ("man"), "eté" ("true") and "tyba" ("group").

Abaiara

Abaiara is a city in the south region of the state of Ceará, Brazil.

Abaiara's history goes back to the 19th century, when two farmers, José Leite da Cunha and José Júlio Sampaio, settled in the area.

Dakhla-Oued ad Dahab

The region of Dakhla-Oued ad Dahab is one of the 12 new regions of Morocco established by the territorial division of 2015. Its perimeter is the same as the former region of Oued ad Dahab (). Its capital is Dakhla.

This region lies on the disputed territory of Western Sahara.

Oued ad Dahab has 2 provinces:


Abaíra

Abaíra is a city in the state of Bahia, in Brazil. In 2004 there were 12,729 people living in the city.

Futures contract

A futures contract is an agreement between two parties. The buyer pays the seller today for the promise of the commodity at a future date. Futures contracts are traded in futures exchanges. The commodities can be things such as livestock, agriculture produce, metals, energy, and financial products. Trading futures can be profitable. But it is also complex and very risky. Instead of gaining a profit, an investor can lose the money invested. They could be required to pay more than they invested.

Margin is the amount of money investors must give to the exchange, in order for contracts to be ensured against counterparty risk. Initial margin ranges around 10% of the total value of the contract. Margin rates can be lowered for hedgers since the contracts are covered by assets.


Birgit Prinz

Birgit Prinz (born 25 October 1977 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany) is a German association football forward. She is best known for being the top scorer of the Germany women's national football team. She is considered to be one of the best German football players of all time, as she has won the FIFA World Player of the Year multiple times. She scored 136 goals for 1. FFC Frankfurt. She has won the FIFA Women's World Cup two times with Germany. She was part of the German women's Olympic team in 1996, 2000, 2004 and 2008. They won the bronze medal in 2000, 2004 and 2008.







Herzberg am Harz

Herzberg am Harz () is a town in the south of Lower Saxony, Germany.



Góra

Góra is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. The town is approximately north-west of the regional capital Wrocław. The population was 12,574 in 2006.

The settlement was first named "Góra" in an 1155 deed by Pope Adrian IV. It gave the property to a diocese of the Roman Catholic Church. The name of the town means "hill" or "mountain" in the Old Polish language. Beginning in the 14th century, the town became a centre of cloth manufacturing.

Góra became part of the Kingdom of Prussia during a war in 1742. In World War II it was occupied by the Red Army in 1945. In the Potsdam Agreement, the town fell to the Republic of Poland, and the remaining German population was thrown out. The town became a county seat again in 1946.



Wario: Master of Disguise

Wario: Master of Disguise (known as in Japan) is a 2007 platforming video game published by Nintendo and developed by Suzak. It was only released for the Nintendo DS. It is the first platformer in the "Wario" since the 2003 video game "Wario World". "Wario: Master of Disguise" was released on January 18, 2007 in Japan, March 5, 2007 in North America, May 17, 2007 in Australasia, and on June 1, 2007 in Europe.

IGN rated the game a 6 out of 10. Craig Harris of IGN said that the game had an "uncomfortably strange" story and that it played more like a third-party game rather than a first-party game.

GameSpot rated the game a 6.1 out of 10. Frank Provo of GameSpot said that the game was a passable puzzler but that it was not polished enough and that the touch screens were not that necessary.


Mesozoic marine revolution

The Mesozoic marine revolution was the great increase in sea-floor predators that ate shellfish. The term was used by Vermeij, a paleontologist who spent years investigating changes in seafloor invertebrates.

There was a notable change in sea-floor life between the Palaeozoic fauna and the modern fauna. This change occurred during the Mesozoic. In the Mesozoic era sea-floor predators evolved various new forms which fed on the abundant shellfish (brachiopods and bivalves). These predators are still abundant today: they are mostly the starfish, the gastropods, and the crabs.

Each predator has its own methods. Crabs break the shells by force. Various types of gastropods developed the ability to get into shells. The Muricidae bore through shells and consume prey. Some gastropods make holes in the shell and put in a paralysing or relaxing substance; others work on small cracks in the edge of the shell. Once they get their proboscis in, they eat the shellfish. Perhaps surprisingly, some sponges can also bore into shells. During the Mesozoic there were also a number of vertebrate predators of shellfish: the placodonts, and some ichthyosaurs and mosasaurs had flat shell-crushing teeth.

Starfish are the most common predators. The shells of brachiopods and bivalves are held together by strong muscles. What the starfish does is clamp hold of them on either side with its tube feet, and apply a steady pull. The starfish, with its muscles and hydraulic system, can pull for much longer than any bivalve muscle can withstand. Apparently, ten minutes are usually enough to open the shell a bit. Then the starfish slips its stomach inside the shell. The stomach can get through a slot as narrow as 0.1mm. The starfish then dissolves the mollusc where it lives, absorbing the nutrients. This digestion process takes much longer than opening the shell, perhaps a couple of days.

Some species swallow the shell whole, and dissolve the contents inside their stomach, then push out the shell afterwards.

The ability of starfish to eat brachipods and bivalves developed especially in the Jurassic and Cretaceous. The Mesozoic marine revolution transformed the sea-floor fauna. Weakly defended and static shellfish disappeared, and more heavily armoured or more mobile shellfish flourished.

There was a great reproductive advantage for any prey which had even the slightest defence to these predators. Many shellfish developed extra-tough shells. Some burrowed into the sand. Scallops must had had some elementary movement, which developed rapidly under selection. They became extremely common in the Mesozoic. There are some other methods used by a few scallops. "Chlamys hastata" often carry sponges on their shell. It is a kind of mutualism. The sponge makes it difficult for starfish to get their tube feet on, and camouflages "Chlamys hastata" from predators.

When scallops move off the sand they are open to new predators such as rays, which patrol just above the ocean floor. They may also be picked up by seabirds which open shells by dropping them on rock. Evidently the main advantage lies in getting away from the starfish, which are very numerous on inshore and continental shelf habitats.

Joe Corvo

Joseph Edward Corvo (born June 20, 1977) was an American professional ice hockey player. He played for the Ottawa Senators, Carolina Hurricanes, Boston Bruins, Washington Capitals and the Los Angeles Kings.

He was born in Oak Park, Illinois.

Tube feet

Tube feet are small tube-like projections on the underside (oral side) of echinoderms. They are part of the water vascular system of echinoderms.

Tube feet are used to move, feed and breathe. They are arranged in grooves along the arms. They operate through hydraulic pressure. They are used to pass food to the oral mouth at the center, and can attach to surfaces. Tube feet allow these animals to stick to the ocean floor and move slowly. A sea star that is overturned simply turns one arm over and attaches it to a solid surface, and levers itself the right way up.

Tube feet are used by starfish are used to open up bivalve shells. The shells of brachiopods and bivalves are held together by strong muscles. What the starfish does is clamp hold of them on either side with its tube feet, and apply a steady pull. The starfish, with its muscles and hydraulic system, can pull for much longer than any bivalve muscle can withstand. Apparently, ten minutes are usually enough to open the shell a bit. Then the starfish slips its stomach inside the shell. The stomach can get through a slot as narrow as 0.1mm. The starfish then dissolves the mollusc where it lives, absorbing the nutrients. This digestion process takes much longer than opening the shell, perhaps a couple of days.

Pincer

Pincers are a hand tool used in many situations where a mechanical advantage is required. They are used to pinch, cut or pull an object. Pincers are first-class levers. Pincers differ from pliers in that the concentration of force is either to a point, or to an edge at a right angle to the handle of the tool. This allows pincers to be brought close to a surface. This is often helpful when removing nails from wood. Pincers are often called end-nippers or end-cutters. Carpenter's pincers are very well suited to these tasks. Pincers are primarily used for removing objects out of a material. 

Pincers, often red-hot, have been used as an instrument of torture since the middle ages or earlier.

Pliers are a similar tool with a different type of head used for squeezing, rather than cutting and pulling.

<br>

Hermann von Eichhorn

Hermann Emil Gottfried von Eichhorn (February 13, 1848 – July 30, 1918) was a Prussian officer, later Field Marshal during World War I.

Eichhorn was born in Breslau in the Kingdom of Prussia in 1848. His first time he fought during the Austro-Prussian War. Eichhorn received the Pour le Mérite on August 18, 1915.

On July 30, 1918 he died by assassination in Kiev. He is buried in Berlin.


Mario Biaggi

Mario Biaggi (October 26, 1917 – June 24, 2015) was an American politician. He was born in East Harlem, Manhattan, New York City. He served as a U.S. Representative from New York (served from 1969 to 1988) and former New York City police officer. He was elected as a Democrat from The Bronx in New York City. In 1987 and 1988, he was convicted in two separate corruption trials, and he resigned from Congress in 1988. His granddaughter is politician Alessandra Biaggi.

Biaggi died at his home in New York City on June 24, 2015, at the age of 97.

Cristiano Araújo

Cristiano Melo Araújo (January 24, 1986 – June 24, 2015) was a Brazilian singer and songwriter. Araújo was famous for the singles "Efeitos" (2011), "Você mudou" (2012), "Maus bocados"(2013), "Cê que sabe" (2014) and "É com ela que eu estou" (2014)

Araújo and his girlfriend, Allana Moares, 19, died early on 24 June 2015 in a car accident on the BR-153 at km 614, between Morrinhos and Pontalina in Goiás.

Walter Browne

Walter Shawn Browne (10 January 1949 – 24 June 2015) was an American chess Grandmaster and poker player. Browne won the U.S. Chess Championship six times. He was born to an American father and Australian mother in Sydney. He moved to New York at age three.

Browne died in Las Vegas, Nevada after playing at a championship game there. He was 66 years old.


Thé Lau

Matheus J. "Thé" Lau (17 July 1952 – 23 June 2015) was a Dutch musician and writer. Besides his solo career, he was the lead singer of the Dutch band "The Scene". He was born in Bergen, North Holland.

Lau was diagnosed with lung cancer in August 2013. He was told he could not be cured in April 2014. He died on 23 June 2015 in Amsterdam, aged 62.

Korean calendar

The old Korean calendar tells the phases of the moon and the day in the solar year, like other older calendars of other East Asian countries. Dates are calculated from Chinese calendar. Important dates are based in Korean culture.

The Gregorian calendar officially began to be used in 1896. The dates of older important Korean events are still based on the old calendar. The most important date in Korea today is Seollal, the first day of the Korean calendar's New Year. Other important events include Daeboreum (the first full moon phase, also referred to as "Boreumdaal"), Dano (spring) and Chuseok (autumn), and Samjinnal (beginning of spring). Other minor events based on the old Korean calendar include Yudu (summer), and Chilseok (monsoon season).

The old Korean calendar comes from the old Chinese calendar. The Korean calendar said what its years were by using Korean era names from 270 to 963. Then Chinese era names with Korean era names were used a few times until 1894. In 1894-1895, The calendar based on the moon was used with years numbered from the beginning of the Joseon Dynasty in 1392.

The Gregorian calendar began to be used on 1 January 1896, with Korean era name "Geonyang (건양 / 建陽, "adopting solar calendar")."
From 1945 to 1961 in South Korea, Gregorian calendar years were counted from the start of Gojoseon in 2333 BC (regarded as year one). These Dangi (단기 / 檀紀) years were 4278 to 4294. This numbering was often used unofficially with the Korean lunar calendar before 1945. It has only sometimes been used after 1961, mostly in North Korea before 1997.

In North Korea, the Juche calendar has been used since 1997 to number its years, based on the birth of Kim Il Sung.


Marva Collins

Marva Collins (August 31, 1936 – June 25, 2015) was an American teacher. In 1975 she started Westside Preparatory School in Garfield Park, a poor neighborhood of Chicago. She ran the school for more than 30 years until it closed in 2008.

She was known for applying classical education, in particular the Socratic method, modified for use in primary schools, successfully with students from poor families. 

She wrote some manuals, books and other materials describing her history and methods. She was most widely publicized in the 1981 biographical TV movie, "The Marva Collins Story", starring Cicely Tyson and Morgan Freeman.

Collins was born in Monroeville, Alabama. She graduated from Clark College (now known as Clark Atlanta University) in Atlanta, Georgia. 

Collins taught school for two years in Alabama, then moved to Chicago, where she taught in public schools for fourteen years. In 1975 she started Westside Preparatory School. It became an educational and commercial success. In 1996 she began supervising three Chicago public schools that had been placed on probation. In 2004 she received a National Humanities Medal, among many awards for her teaching and efforts at school reform. 

Collins started her low-cost private school in the building where she lived. She used her teacher's pension to pay for her first costs. The school was specifically for teaching low-income African American children. .


In 1981, Collins received the Award for Greatest Public Service Benefiting the Disadvantaged, an award given out annually by Jefferson Awards.

"The School that Cared: A Story of the Marva Collins Preparatory School of Cincinnati", by P. Kamara Sekou Collins

K.C. Undercover

K.C. Undercover is an American sitcom developed for Disney Channel, created by Corinne Marshall and executive produced by Shawn Levy. The series stars Zendaya as K.C. Cooper, a high school student training to follow in her parents' footsteps as an undercover spy. The series was released on January 1, 2015 with a sneak peek, followed by the television premiere on January 18, 2015.

On August 9, 2017, Zendaya announced the series was cancelled and would end production after its third season.

The series follows K.C. as she trains to be an undercover spy to follow in her parents' footsteps. Each episode centers on the family as they contend with everyday familial issues - while also performing missions to save the country.



Unlike the other shows that air on Disney channel (as well as the cartoons), the show is rated TV-Y7-FV, like the Marvel shows and "Star Wars Rebels".

Harvey Pollack

Herbert Harvey Pollack (March 9, 1922 – June 23, 2015) was an American NBA official. He was director of statistical information for the Philadelphia 76ers. At the time of his death, Pollack was the only individual still working for the NBA since its inaugural 1946-47 season. 

Kája Saudek

Kája Saudek (born Karel Saudek, 13 May 1935 – 26 June 2015) was a Czech comics illustrator. He was one of the most important figures of the Czech comics. His career began in the late 1960s. He was the twin brother of the photographer and painter Jan Saudek.


Hawkwind

Hawkwind are an English rock band. They are one of the earliest space rock groups. Their write and sing about science fiction themes. They formed in November 1969. Hawkwind have changed many times during their history and have played many styles of music. Dozens of musicians, dancers, and writers have worked with the group since they began.

Hawkwind have been named as an influence by artists such as the rock band Monster Magnet, the Sex Pistols (who covered their 1972 song, "Silver Machine"), Henry Rollins of Black Flag, the guitarist Ty Segall, and the English rock band, Ozric Tentacles.


List of diplomatic missions in Azerbaijan

This is a list of diplomatic missions in Azerbaijan. At present, the capital city of Baku hosts 61 embassies.


Ganja
<br>
Nakhchivan City




List of diplomatic missions of Azerbaijan

This is a list of diplomatic missions of Azerbaijan.









Marisela Morales Ibañez

Marisela Morales Ibáñez is a Mexican lawyer. She was Attorney General of Mexico. In 2011 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.

Morales was born in Mexico City. She got a degree in law from the National Autonomous University of Mexico. She finished a master's degree in criminal science from the National Institute of Criminal Sciences. 

After Morales finished school, she was the Assistant Attorney General for Specialized Investigation of Organized Crime. On March 31, 2011, President Felipe Calderón named Morales as the Attorney General of Mexico.



Khuian Sarwar

Khuian Sarwar is a village in Fazilka district of Punjab, India.

Southport F.C.

Southport F. C. is an English football club from Sauthport, Merseyside. Southport F. C was founded in 1881. Nowdays, the football club appear in Conference National. In the 2009-2010 season, the club won Conference Northern. In the 2010-2011 season, the club finished in 21st place and had to leave the league, but remained thanks to disband Rushden & Diamonds.


Nigel Adkins

Nigel Howard Adkins (born 11 March 1965) is an English football manager and former footballer. He was most recently the manager of Hull City.

Adkins played for Tranmere Rovers, Wigan Athletic and Bangor City.

Adkins' career as a manager started with Bangor City. From 1996 to 2006 he worked for Scunthorpe United as a physiotherapist. He worked for Scunthorpe United as a main coach for four years. In 2010, Adkins became the main coach of Southampton. In March 2013, Adkins became a main coach of Reading. 


10th Army (German Empire)

The 10th Army () was an army level command of the German Empire in World War I.

The 10th Army was formed 1 January 1915. The army was stationed on the Eastern Front where it fought against the Russian Empire. It was dissolved in January 1919.


Bizarro (Six Flags Great Adventure)

Medusa (previously known as Bizarro) is a floorless steel roller coaster located at Six Flags Great Adventure.

Zhuhai

Zhuhai (, ) is a city in Guangdong, China. It is in the Pearl River Delta. It borders Jiangmen to the northwest, Zhongshan to the north, and Macau to the south. Zhuhai was one of the original Special Economic Zones established in the 1980s. Zhuhai is one of China's popular tourist destinations, being called the Chinese Riviera. Most people in the city are migrants who speak Mandarin. Its northern part, Xiangzhou district is now part of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen built-up area, the biggest built-up area in the world. The area had more than 44,478,513 people in 2010. It includes Shenzhen, Dongguan, Foshan, Zhongshan, Macao, the main part of Guangzhou, and small parts of Jiangmen and Huizhou.

Simone Laudehr

Simone Laudehr (born 12 July 1986 in Regensburg, Bavaria, West Germany) is a German association football midfielder/winger. She currently plays for 1. FFC Frankfurt. Laudehr is also a member of the Germany women's national football team. She was part of a team who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Winger

The word Winger can refer to:


UEFA Women's Champions League

The UEFA Women's Champions League is the female version of the UEFA Champions League. From 2001 to 2009, the competition was called the UEFA Women's Cup. It was formed in 2001. The team of 1. FFC Frankfurt has won the most titles.

The final of the UEFA Women's Cup was played on two legs. Below are the results of the finals:

The final of the UEFA Women's Champions League was played on one leg. Below are the results of the finals:


Umeå IK

Umeå IK is a women's association football club that is from Umeå, Sweden. It was founded in 1917 It was started as a as a general sports club. 

The club won the Swedish national championship in 2000, 2001, 2002, 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008.

It has also won 2 UEFA Women's Champions League titles. The team's colours are black and yellow.

<br>

Olympique Lyonnais Féminin

Olympique Lyonnais Féminin (also called Olympique Lyonnais, Lyon or OL) is a women's association football club from Lyon, France. It is the most successful club in the history of Division 1 Féminine with thirteen league titles. The club has been the female section of Olympique Lyonnais since 2004. Lyon currently play in the Division 1 Féminine and are the defending champions, having won the league for nine consecutive seasons. As of 27 June 2015, UEFA rates the club as number 1 in Europe.

Official website

Community of İskenderpaşa

Community of İskenderpaşa is a Sufistic community in Turkey. When Mehmed Zahid Kotku was commisioned as imam in Mosque of İskenderpaşa, it started. When he died, the community's leader was Mahmud Esad Coşan. Now, this community's leader is Muharrem Nureddin Coşan.

This community trained very famous politicians. For example. Necmettin Erbakan, Turgut Özal, Recai Kutan, Korkut Özal, Cevat Ayhan, Ahmet Tekdal, Akif Gülle, Hasan Hüseyin Ceylan, Temel Karamollaoğlu, Nevzat Yalçıntaş .

First normal form

First normal form (1NF) is a property of a relational model, specifically tables. Within a table that is in first normal form, each row has columns that are each represent one thing and contain one element. Additionally, there are no repeated columns in the table.

First normal form is a minimum criterion of database normalization.

Second normal form

Second normal form (2NF) is a property of a relational model, specifically tables that is a criterion of database normalization. 

The first criterion of being second normal form is that the table be first normal form. 

Within a table that is in second normal form, the data in each columns in each row are dependent on each row's entire primary key. A primary key is one or more columns in a row that is used to identify and index that row of the table. Columns that are not related to every column in the primary key are removed. Only columns that are related to all columns in the primary key are retained.

Third normal form

Third normal form is a property of a relational model, specifically tables that is a criterion of database normalization. 

The first criterion of being third normal form is that the table be second normal form. 

Within a table that is in third normal form, the data in each column in each row are dependent only on columns that are part of the primary key. A primary key is one or more columns in a row that is used to identify and index that row of the table. Columns that are not related to any column in the primary key are removed. 

City car

City car is a term used for an automobile that is shorter than a typical subcompact car, in the A-segment group. They're also referred to as an urban car because they're intended for short distances. The most common city cars are the Fiat 500, the Chevrolet Spark and Ford Ka (only sold outside the US).

Bradford West Gwillimbury

Bradford West Gwillimbury is a town in Simcoe County, Ontario, Canada. It was founded in 1991 when the Town of Bradford was merged with parts of the Townships of West Gwillimbury and Tecumseth. According to the Canada 2011 Census, the town had a population of 28,077.

Two highways run through the town: Highway 9 and Highway 400.

Simcoe County

Simcoe County is part of Central Ontario, Canada. It is north of the Greater Toronto Area, between Lake Simcoe and Georgian Bay. It is part of the Golden Horseshoe area. The county covers . In 2011, it had a population of 277,614. It was named by John Graves Simcoe, the first Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada, for his father John Simcoe.

Agriculture and manufacturing are a big part of Simcoe County's economy. Honda Canada is one of the county's biggest employers.

The County has sixteen municipalities:
The cities of Barrie and Orillia are both in Simcoe County but they are politically independent of the county.

Collingwood, Ontario

Collingwood is a town in Simcoe County, Ontario, Canada. It is on Nottawasaga Bay at the southern end of Georgian Bay. It covers an area of 33.46 square miles (12.92 square miles). According to the Canada 2011 Census, it had a population of 19,241. The town is popular for recreational activities, like skiing and hiking.

Collingwood was incorporated as a town in 1858. It was named after Cuthbert Collingwood, 1st Baron Collingwood, who was a British naval officer. In the late 1970s, several industrial and manufacturing companies built factories in the town.

Prince Edward County, Ontario

Prince Edward County is a county in Ontario, Canada. It is in Southern Ontario near the eastern end of Lake Ontario. The Bay of Quinte is north and east of the county. The county covers 1,050.45 square kilometers (405.58 square miles). According to the 2011 census, the county had a population of 25,258.

Prince Edward County is a single-tier municipality, which means it is not divided into townships and cities. There are several unincorporated communities in the county, including Picton, where the county government is based.

The Picton Pirates of the Empire B Junior C Hockey League play in Piction. The Wellington Dukes of the Ontario Junior Hockey League play in Wellington.

Prince Edward County is popular with tourists. Because it is on a lake, water sports like canoeing and sailing are very popular. The Sandbanks Provincial Park is near Picton; it is the world's largest fresh water sand bar and dune system.

Ontario Highway 62

Ontario Highway 62 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It starts at Highway 33 in Prince Edward County. It then heads north through Hastings County. It ends in Hastings Highlands, where the highway merges with Highway 127. Highway 62 also passes through Belleville, Madoc, and Bancroft. It is 165.8 kilometers (103 miles) long.

Ontario Highway 34

Ontario Highway 34 is a provincial highway in Ontario, Canada. It starts at Highway 417 near Vankleek Hill. It continues northeast through the Ottawa Valley. It ends in Hawkesbury. It is 16.9 kilometers (10.5 miles) long. It travels through mostly rural areas.

Manitoba Highway 10

Manitoba Highway 10 is a provincial highway in the western part of Manitoba, Canada. It is long. It goes from south to north. It is the longest highway in Manitoba.

The highway starts at the International Peace Garden along the border with North Dakota, near the Manitoba town of Boissevain. It runs through several towns to Flin Flon at the boundary with Sasatchewan, where it goes on as Saskatchewan Highway 167. Some of the other cities and towns it passes through are Brandon, Ethelbert, and Cranberry Portage.

Between Dauphin and The Pas, Highway 10 is part of the Northern Woods and Water Route.

Government of Manitoba

The government of Manitoba has three parts. The head of state, Elizabeth II, is represented by the Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba. The Lieutenant Governor is appointed by the Governor General of Canada, with the advice of the Prime Minister of Canada.

Manitoba has a unicameral legislature, which is called the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba. It has fifty-seven members, who are elected from single-member districts (meaning that only one member is elected from each district). The largest party in the legislature forms the executive branch. The party leader of the largest party becomes the Premier of Manitoba.

As of 2015, the most recent general election in Manitoba was on October 4, 2011. The New Democratic Party of Manitoba won a majority of seats. On October 19, 2009, Greg Selinger became the Premier.


New Democratic Party of Manitoba

The New Democratic Party of Manitoba (NDP) is a social democratic political party in Manitoba, Canada. It is the provincial wing of the federal New Democratic Party (NDP). It was formed from the Manitoba Co-operative Commonwealth Federation. In 1961, the national Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) merged with the Canadian Labour Congress to form the NDP. The Manitoba wing of the CCF took the New Democratic Party name on November 4, 1961.

The NDP formed a minority government after winning 28 out of 57 seats in the 1969 general election. Edward Schreyer became premier. In the 1973 general election, the NDP won 31 seats and formed a majority government. The party was the largest party in the assembly until the 1988 general election. After that election, the party won only 12 seats.

The party was returned to government in the 1999 general election and formed the government after that.

2011 Manitoba general election

The 40th general election of Manitoba was on October 4, 2011. It was to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba. The New Democratic Party (NDP) won 37 out of 57 seats, the Progressive Conservative Party (PCP) won 19 seats. The Liberal Party won one seat. The Green Party and the Communist Party both ran candidates but none were elected.

Since they had a majority of seats in the Legislative Assembly, the NDP formed the government, with Greg Selinger as Premier. The PCP formed the official opposition.

List of political parties in Manitoba

This is a list of political parties that are active in the province of Manitoba, Canada.



These are parties that used to exist in Manitoba but don't any longer. Some merged with other parties in the province.

Manitoba Liberal Party

The Manitoba Liberal Party is a political party in Manitoba, Canada. The party developed in the 1880s from the Provincial Rights Party. The Liberal party won the 1915 general elections winning 40 seats out of 57 in the Legislative Assembly. This was the largest victory in Manitoba history. However, in the 1922 general elections, the Liberals lost power to the United Farmers of Manitoba. Support for the Liberal party declined in the decades after this election. From 1932 to 1961, the party merged with the Progressive Party of Manitoba as the Liberal-Progressive Party. In 1961 it changed its name back to the Liberal Party.

In the 1981 general elections, the party failed to win any seats at all for the first time in its history.

Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba

The Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba (or PCP) is the one of the right-wing political parties in Manitoba, Canada. The party was founded in 1882. It formed the government for the province between 1899 and 1915. It lost power in the 1915 general election because of a scandal about the building of the Manitoba Legislative Building.

During the 20th century, the PCP formed the provincial government several times. After the 1988 general election, the party formed a minority government and remained in power for several years. In the Manitoba general election, 1999, it lost power to the New Democratic Party. In the 2011 general election, the PCP formed the opposition in the Legislative Assembly, with eight seats.

On July 30, 2012, Brian Pallister became the party leader. He is also the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly. After the 2016 elections, the PCP won a majority government and Pallister became the Premier of Manitoba.

Legislative Assembly of Manitoba

The Legislative Assembly of Manitoba is the unicameral assembly of the legislature of Manitoba, Canada. There are fifty-seven members, all from single-member constituencies. Each is elected in provincial general elections in a first-past-the-post voting system. The assembly meets in the Manitoba Legislative Building in Winnipeg.

The Premier of Manitoba is usually the leader of the largest party in the Legislative Assembly. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba is the presiding officer of the legislature.

Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba

The Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba is the representative of the Canadian monarch, Queen Elizabeth II in the government of Manitoba. The Manitoba lieutenant governor is appointed in the same way as the other Canadian lieutenant governors. Most of the lieutenant governor's roles are ceremonial, such as giving provincial awards and decorations.

The office of Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba was created in 1870, when Manitoba became a province. The first lieutenant governor was Adams George Archibald, from 1870 to 1872.

Premier of Manitoba

The Premier of Manitoba is the head of government for the province of Manitoba, Canada. The Premier is appointed by the Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba, who represents the Queen. The Premier is usually the head of the largest party in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba. The Premier then appoints the Cabinet of Manitoba.

The current Premier of Manitoba is Heather Stefanson of the Progressive Conservative Party. She was sworn in on November 2, 2021 becoming the first female premier of Manitoba.


List of Manitoba general elections

This is a list of the general elections to the Canadian province of Manitoba's Legislative Assembly. The number of seats has increased over time, to the present 57. Usually a general election is held every four years. The most recent election was in 2016.

The table below shows the total number of seats won by the major political parties at each election. The winning party's total is shown in bold. Full details on any election are linked via the year of the election at the start of the row.


Until the 1879 election, political parties were not active in the province. However, some candidates declared their support for (or opposition to) the administration of the time. Full details on any election are linked via the year of the election at the start of the row.

Ambroise Paré

Ambroise Paré (1510-1590) was an important French surgeon of the 16th century. He caused a major change in how medicine was practiced. Unlike surgeons before him, he cared about his patients. He worked to promote healing and minimize a patient's pain. His said "I dressed him, God cured him." Paré was a royal surgeon to several French kings including Henry II. He considered by many to be the father of modern surgery.

Paré was born about 1510 in France. His father was a country artisan. As a youth he was an apprentice to a barber. Then he trained as a barber-surgeon in Paris. This was at the Hôtel-Dieu de Paris hospital.

There were three levels of those who practiced medicine. Physicians were at the top and were the only ones who could be members of the Faculty of Medicine. Master surgeons were the next group. Paré belonged to the lowest group, the barber-surgeons. At the time wars were being fought all around him. Battlefield medicine was brutal and dirty. Firearms were a new weapon on the battlefield and were causing new and different wounds. Shrapnel, shot and bullets were a new problem for surgeons. They also believed gunpowder was poisonous. To stop the bleeding, they poured boiling oil over the wound. This burned an already suffering soldier.

In 1536, Paré was a young war surgeon just getting started on the battlefield. He ran out of oil to seal soldiers' wounds after amputations. He made up a mix of egg yolks, oil of roses and turpentine. He applied this to several soldier's wounds. The next morning he was surprised to see those soldiers with the mix he made up were much better than the soldiers who had been scalded. He used ligatures to tie off arteries during amputations to stop bleeding. 

In 1552, Paré became the official royal surgeon. He was surgeon to four French kings: Henry II, Francis II, Charles IX and Henry III.

Paré wrote his first book, "Methods of Treating Wounds", in 1545. He wrote it in French because he did not speak Latin. In 1575 he published his collected works. He was severely criticized by the Faculty of Physicians. This was the top school of physicians in France. Paré was called an ignorant fraud by Etienne Gourmelen, the dean of the Faculty. He stated no books on medicine could be published except through the Faculty of Physicians. Paré had the support of the king so his books sold without the Faculty. He wrote three more books. Paré wrote his own story titled "The Apology and Treatise of Ambroise Paré".


List of English Football League managers

There are 92 association football teams in the top four tiers of English football. Each team has a manager or head coach. The Premier League and Football Leagues are the only fully professional football leagues in England. The Premier League has 20 clubs at the top of the English football league system. The other 72 clubs are split into the three divisions of the Football League: the Championship, League One, and League Two.

Some of these managers were chosen as caretaker managers before the main job. A caretaker's start date is written in italics. Some managers have had more than one time in charge at their current club, however their time as manager is counted from the date of their latest club. Only one manager has spent more than 10 years in his current job. This list includes every manager currently managing a club in the Premier League and The Football League, in order of the date that they took up their job.

‡ indicates player-manager

1981 Manitoba general election

The Manitoba general election of November 17, 1981 was held to elect members to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba, Canada. The New Democratic Party won the election. They won 34 out of 57 seats. The Progressive Conservative Party won the remaining 23 seats. The Manitoba Liberal Party didn't win any seats for the first time in its history. The Progressive Party (which ran for the first time), the Communist Party, and Western Canada Concept Party also ran candidates in the election. None of these parties won any seats.

Howard Pawley of the New Democratic Party became premier.

1999 Manitoba general election

The Manitoba general election of September 21, 1999 was held to elect members to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba, Canada. The New Democratic Party won the election. They won 32 out of 57 seats. The Progressive Conservative Party won 24 seats. The Manitoba Liberal Party won one seat. The Manitoba Party, the Green Party, the Libertarian Party, and the Communist Party all ran candidates as well, but none won any seats. Each of those parties got less than 1% of the total vote.

The New Democratic Party formed the government for the first time since losing the 1988 general election. Gary Doer became premier.

Rhynia

Rhynia is a genus of Early Devonian fossil land plants. Only one species is known, "R. gwynne-vaughanii". The fossils are the sporophyte generation of a vascular plant. "Rhynia" had anatomical features more advanced than those of the bryophytes.


Productive efficiency

In economics, productive efficiency is a situation in which an economy is not able to produce any more of one good without reducing the production of another good. As resources are limited, it is not possible for more units of a good to be produced without taking away the resources used for producing another good. The concept of productive efficiency can be shown on a production possibility frontier (PPF), where all points on the curve are productively efficient.

Productive efficiency refers to the maximum amount of output that an economy can produce at a certain point in time. However, if firms in the economy were to improve on their production methods and increase productivity, it is possible for the PPF to shift outwards, thus allowing more goods to be produced than before.

Productive inefficiency happens when factors of production (i.e. land, labor, capital or enterprise) are not used to its maximum. For example, labor in the form of workers may be sitting and not doing any work. If the worker were to be used to produce more output than before, then having the worker not doing any work would be productively inefficient.

Allocative efficiency is a special type of productive efficiency in which the right amount of goods is produced to benefit society in the best way.

Productive efficiency can be shown either by using a production possibility frontier (PPF) diagram, or by using the marginal cost and average total cost curves.

Assuming that the economy only produces 2 goods – guns and butter. Points B, C and D on the diagram are considered to be productively efficient as it is not possible to produce more of either good without having to reduce the production of the other. For example, if the economy is producing at point D, the only way to produce more butter is to reduce the production of guns, thus reaching point C.

If the economy was originally producing at point A of the diagram, it is possible for more butter and guns to be produced without having to reduce the production of any of them. When this happens, the economy shifts from point A to point D and is better utilizing its resources.

However, if the economy was originally producing at point D and wants to produce more butter, the production of guns would have to be reduced. If the production of guns is not reduced, the economy would produce at point X, which is not possible in reality as there are no resources available to produce the extra output.

For a firm that is producing a certain type of good, it would have the marginal cost (MC) and average total cost (ATC) curves when producing an additional unit of output as shown in the diagram.

By definition, the MC curve will meet the ATC curve at its minimum point, which is the point P1 and Q1 on the diagram. At this point, producing more than Q1 would bring more costs than benefits to the firm, whereas producing less than Q1 would mean that there are more benefits than costs in producing more of the good. Hence, the point P1 and Q1 would be a point that is just right, and all the resources of the firm would be fully used in the best possible way.

In reality, firms that are less competitive are unlikely to be producing at the productively efficient point as they are earning supernormal profits and have no need to cut costs. These firms are thus considered to be X-inefficient.

Rhynie

Rhynie () () is a village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is 14 miles northwest of Alford.

The Rhynie chert is named after the village, as well as the extinct plant genus Rhynia. The Rhynie chert is a sedimentary rock. It was deposited during the Devonian period and contains the oldest fossil insect in the world.

The Station Hotel at Rhynie is mentioned as a joke in the sketch "The Will" by Scotland the What. The joke is that there is no railway station at Rhynie, "..but they were aye hopin' for one."

Eight Pictish symbol stones have been found at Rhynie. These include the "Rhynie Man", discovered in 1978. It is a six foot tall boulder carved with a bearded man carrying an axe. It may possibly be the Celtic god Esus.

The "Rhynie Man" now stands inside Woodhill House (the headquarters of the Aberdeenshire Council ) in Aberdeen.

In 2011, archaeological excavations at Rhynie, near the site of the "Rhynie Man", dug up a fortified settlement. It dates to the early medieval period. Among the finds at the site were fragments of a late 5th or 6th century Roman amphora. It is the only known example of a Roman amphora from Eastern Britain that dates to the post-Roman period. This must have been imported from the Mediterranean region. It means that the inhabitants of the settlement must have been of high status. Archaeologists have said that the settlement may have been a royal family site where Pictish kings lived.


Todor Slavov

Todor Slavov (; 22 January 1984 – 28 June 2015) was a Bulgarian rally driver.

On 28 June 2015, Slavov was involved in a crash at Rally Tvarditsa-Elena. Soon after, he died of fatal injuries.

Wally Stanowski

Walter Peter Stanowski (April 28, 1919 – June 28, 2015) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

Stanowski started his National Hockey League career with the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1939. In 1941, he was a member of the NHL All-Star Team. He won four Stanley Cups with the Maple Leafs. Stanowski was traded to the New York Rangers after the 1947-48 season. He retired after the 1951 season.
Stanowski was the last surviving member of Maple Leafs 1942 and 1945 Stanley Cup team.

As of 2015, Stanowski lived in a retirement home near Toronto. He died on June 28, 2015.

Charles Pasqua

Charles Pasqua (18 April 1927 – 29 June 2015) was a French businessman and Gaullist politician. He was Interior Minister from 1986 to 1988, under Jacques Chirac's "cohabitation" government, and also from 1993 to 1995, under the government of Édouard Balladur.

Chris Squire

Christopher Russell Edward (known as Chris Squire; 4 March 1948 – 27 June 2015) was an English musician and singer-songwriter. He was best known as the bassist and founding member of the progressive rock band Yes. He was the only member to appear on each of their 21 studio albums, released from 1969 to 2014.

In May 2015, Squire announced a hiatus from Yes after he was diagnosed with acute erythroid leukemia. Squire died on 27 June at his home in Phoenix, Arizona, aged 67.


2015 Clinton Correctional Facility escape

The 2015 Clinton Correctional Facility escape took place on June 6, 2015, when two inmates were discovered missing during a 5:30 a.m. bed check at the maximum security Clinton Correctional Facility in New York. The inmates were Richard Matt and David Sweat. Both men had been convicted of murder. Nearly three weeks later, Matt was found at Malone, New York, where he was shot and killed. Two days after that, Sweat was shot in Constable, New York and taken into custody.

Conservative Political Action Conference

The Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC; ) is an annual political conference in National Harbor, Maryland attended by conservative activists and elected officials from across the United States. CPAC is hosted by the American Conservative Union (ACU). More than 100 other organizations contribute in various ways.

In 2011, ACU took CPAC on the road with its first Regional CPAC in Orlando, Florida. Since then ACU has hosted regional CPACs in Chicago, Denver, St. Louis, and San Diego.

The conference was founded in 1973 by the American Conservative Union and Young Americans for Freedom as a small gathering of dedicated conservatives. Over the years it has grown to thousands of attendees annually. Roughly half of those in attendance in the past few years have been college-aged.

Speakers have included Ronald Reagan, George W. Bush, Dick Cheney, Pat Buchanan, Karl Rove, Newt Gingrich, Sarah Palin, Ron Paul, Mitt Romney, Tony Snow, Glenn Beck, Rush Limbaugh, Ann Coulter, Allen West, Michele Bachmann, and other conservative public figures. Before, during, and after his presidency, Ronald Reagan spoke at CPAC a total of 12 times. In 2017, President Donald Trump spoke at the event.


Special Olympics

Special Olympics is the world's largest sports organization for children and adults with intellectual disabilities. It provides year-round training and competitions to more than 4.4 million athletes in 193 countries. Special Olympics competitions are held every day, all around the world. This includes local, national and regional competitions. Combined they add up to more than 70,000 events a year.

These competitions include the Special Olympics World Games. These alternate between summer and winter games. Special Olympics World Games are held every four years. The most recent World Summer Games were the Special Olympics World Summer Games, held in Athens, Greece (The birthplace of the modern Olympic Games). They ran from June 25, 2011 to July 4, 2011. The next summer games will be held in Los Angeles beginning Saturday, July 25 and ending on August 2, 2015. The Flame of Hope is the symbol of the Special Olympics. It was lit on May 14, 2015 at the Pnyx in Athens, Greece. That began the journey to the World Games. The torch remains lit until the end of the Games on August, 2.

Next Specialolympics will be held in Canada in 2024 in winters

<br>

Silphium

Silphium was a plant that was used in classical antiquity as a seasoning and as a medicine. It is also known as silphion, laserwort, or laser. It was the essential item of trade from the ancient North African city of Cyrene. Most of the coins from Cyrene show a picture of the plant. The valuable product was the plant's resin (called "laser", laserpicium, or lasarpicium).

Silphium was an important species. The Egyptians and the Minoan civilization of Knossos used a special glyph in their writing for the silphium plant. It was used by most ancient Mediterranean cultures. The Romans considered it "worth its weight in denarii" (silver coins). Legend said that it was a gift from the god Apollo.

Which plant species silphium was is unclear. It is commonly believed to be a now-extinct plant of the genus "Ferula". The still-living plant species "Ferula tingitana" has been suggested as another possibility. Another resin from different "Ferula" species, asafoetida, was used as a cheaper substitute for silphium. Asafoetida is still available.


Streets of Rage (video game)

Streets of Rage is a beat 'em up video game. It was released in Japan as . The game was made and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis in 1991, for the Game Gear in 1992 and for the Master System in 1993.

It is the first game in the "Streets of Rage" series. It is followed by "Streets of Rage 2" (released in 1992).

Streets of Rage 2

Streets of Rage 2 is a beat 'em up video game. It was released on the Sega Mega Drive in the year 1992. The game was released in Japan as . In Europe it was titled Streets of Rage II. It is the second game in the Streets of Rage series. 
The game has been praised for its soundtrack. 

It is the second game in the "Streets of Rage" series. It is a sequel to "Streets of Rage" (released in 1991) and it is followed by "Streets of Rage 3" (released in 1994).

<br>

Koska Helvacısı

Koska Helvacısı or simply Koska is the leading brand and trademark of helva (halva) and Turkish delight production in Turkey.

Koska was a former quarter of Istanbul, near Laleli. The company takes its name from their old location at Koska. Helvacı means producer or seller of sweets in Turkish. "Koska Helvacısı", then, "Sweetshop of Koska".

Koska's origins go back to the city of Denizli in the early 1900s. It was founded by Hacı Emin Bey.

His son Halil İbrahim Adil Dindar came to Istanbul in 1931. He started a helva production and sale shop at Koska. In 1982, after the death of their father, the three Dindar brothers inherited the company and divided it into two. They made an agreement to continue to use the brand name of Koska, both of them independently. Nevzat and Mümtaz Dindar established "Merter Helva" under the brand name "Koska". Mahir Dindar established "Mahir Gıda" under the brand name "Koska Helvacısı". Thus both companies market(ed) their products using the traditional name "Koska". 

In 2011, Merter added a "nazar boncuğu" (traditional blue and white bead for good luck) image to its logo, with the aim of differentiating the two companies. This was criticised by Mahir Gıda as a violation of their agreement. They announced that no Koska product bore any signs like bugs, flowers or beads. In return, Merter announced that no Koska product without the image of the "Helvacı Dede" (Grandpa Helvacı) is genuine Koska.

Merter Helva drafted a "constitution" or agreement not to have similar divisions in the future. They also received a "kosher food" and a "halal food" certificate.

Both companies produce Turkish delight, fruit preserves and various other sweet confections. This is in addition to the traditional "helva".


The Miracle of Bern

The Miracle of Bern () is a 2003 movie directed by Sönke Wortmann. It tells the story of a German family (particularly of a young boy and his depressed ex-POW father). It is also about the unexpected West German miracle victory in the 1954 World Cup Final in Bern, Switzerland. The film is a portrait of post-war Germany. With over 6 million visitors, it is one of Germany's best-selling movies.

In 1954, Richard (Peter Lohmeyer) returns to his German hometown after seven years as a prisoner of war (ww2). The years have caused some consequences, and he fails to relate to his family. Particularly he does not relate to his soccer-loving son, Matthias (Louis Klamroth). Meanwhile, a journalist (Lucas Gregorowicz) and his wife head to Bern, Switzerland, to write about the World Cup. The stories of these strangers converge when they arrive in Bern. There they witness an uplifting German performance in a game against Hungary.

<br>

Marujita Díaz

Marujita Díaz (María del Dulce Nombre Díaz Ruiz; 27 April 1932 – 23 June 2015) was a Spanish singer and actress. She was born in Sevilla, Spain. Díaz was known for presenting the very popular show "Música y estrellas".

Díaz died of respiratory failure caused by colon cancer in Madrid, aged 83.

Deaths in July 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in July 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Jackson Vroman

Jackson Vroman (June 6, 1981 – June 29, 2015) was an American-born Lebanese professional basketball player. He was naturalized as a Lebanese citizen to play for the Lebanon national basketball team. He was the son of former NBA player Brett Vroman, who played briefly for the Utah Jazz in the 1980-81 NBA season.

Vroman was born in Laguna, California. He studied at Snow Community College in Ephraim, Utah and Iowa State University.

Jackson was a second-round draft pick of the Chicago Bulls in the 2004 NBA Draft. He played for the Phoenix Suns and the New Orleans Hornets/New Orleans/Oklahoma City Hornets.

Vroman was found dead in a swimming pool at his home in Los Angeles County, California on June 29, 2015, aged 34. His drowning is thought to have been an accident. 

Chris Christie 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Chris Christie, the 55th Governor of New Jersey, began on June 30, 2015 at an event in his hometown of Livingston, New Jersey. Christie was seen by many as a possible presidential candidate in the 2016 U.S. presidential race. He withdrew on February 10, 2016.

In January 2015, Christie formed a PAC to see if running for president was a good idea. The campaign's headquarters is in Trenton, New Jersey.

Jaime Nebot

Jaime José Nebot Saadi (born October 22, 1946) is an Ecuadorian politician. He was mayor of Guayaquil, which is Ecuador's largest city until 2019. Although he is a member of the Social Christian Party, he has distanced himself from it and now is more on running the city. Nebot twice ran unsuccessfully for President of Ecuador. He is considered as the protégé of former president León Febres-Cordero.

Eddy Louiss

Eddy Louiss (May 2, 1941 – June 30, 2015) was a French jazz musician. His primary instrument is the Hammond organ. As a vocalist, he was a member of Les Double Six of Paris from 1961 through 1963.

Zvi Elpeleg

Zvi Elpeleg (1926 – 27 June 2015) was a Polish-born Israeli academic, author, and a senior researcher at the Dayan Institute at Tel Aviv University. He born in Poland. Elpeleg served as a colonel in the Israeli army and later received an ambassadorial appointment.

Obergefell v. Hodges

Obergefell v. Hodges was a landmark decision United States Supreme Court case. The Court held that the recognition and provision of same-sex marriage is a fundamental right. They ruled it is guaranteed by the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. 

The U.S. Supreme Court case, "Obergefell v. Hodges", is not the result of one lawsuit. Instead, it is the result of a consolidation of six lower-court cases originally representing sixteen same-sex couples, seven of their children, a widower, an adoption agency, and a funeral director. The original cases hail from the four states of Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky, and Tennessee. All six federal district courts ruled for the same-sex couples and other claimants. The lead plaintiff in the case was Jim Obergefell. He had challenged Ohio's ban on same-sex marriage. He filed the lawsuit because he could not put his name on his partner, John Arthur's death certificate. Ohio would not recognize their marriage in Maryland.

The dissents in the Obergefell case argued that this decision was not based in law. Chief Justice Roberts, in his dissenting opinion, explained the Obergefell plaintiffs’ “‘fundamental right’ claim falls into the most sensitive category of constitutional adjudication.” The claim is not based on a right mentioned in the constitution. Instead, it was argued that it discrimination against “a right implied by the Fourteenth Amendment’s requirement that ‘liberty’ may not be deprived without ‘due process of law.’”

On June 26, 2015, "Obergefell" requires all states to issue a license to marry between all people of the same sex. It requires all states to recognize same-sex marriages performed in other jurisdictions.

<br> 

Steve Harwell

Steven Scott Harwell (9 January 1967 – 4 September 2023) was an American singer who was the lead vocalist for the American band Smash Mouth. He died on 4 September 2023 due to liver failure.

Skate punk

Skate punk is a music genre related to punk rock music. It began on the West Coast. It is a popular music with skateboarders and their culture.

Skate punk means the sound of melodic hardcore bands from the 1990s with an aggressive sound, and similar sounding modern bands. Many bands classified as skate punk also fit into genres such as pop punk, melodic hardcore, thrashcore, metalcore, surf punk and crossover thrash.

Skate videos use this aggressive style of punk rock for their background music. This played a big part in the coining of the term "skate punk".
Skate punk is now popular in other parts of the world, including a large punk group in Oxnard, California.

Pat Toomey

Pat Toomey (born November 17, 1961) is an American politician. On January 3, 2011, he became the junior U.S. Senator from Pennsylvania. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2005. He retired from the Senate in 2023.

On October 4, 2020, Toomey announced that he will not run for re-election to a third term in 2022 or for Governor.

Toomey was born on November 17, 1961 in Providence, Rhode Island. He graduated from the Harvard University. He is married to Kris Toomey. They have three children.

On February 13, 2021 Toomey voted that no longer Republican President Donald Trump was guilty of starting the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol. He and six other Republican senators also voted that Trump was guilty. This was after the House of Representatives Second impeachment of Donald Trump. 

Fundamental rights

Fundamental rights are a set of rights that are recognized under the laws of a country to protect their citizens. 
These laws protect these rights even from the governments themselves. These protected rights include the right to life, right to freedom, and the right to free will. Other generally agreed upon examples of fundamental rights include freedom of religion, the right to free speech, the right to travel and the pursuit of Happiness. Fundamental rights are different from human rights. Fundamental rights are those protected by laws of a jurisdiction. Human rights are usually not enforceable by courts. Sometimes fundamental needs are associated with the concept of maslowism.


Jon Heidenreich

Jon Heidenreich is an American retired wrestler. He is best known for his time with World Wrestling Entertainment.

Prior to professional wrestling, Heidenreich played American football. He played in the Canadian Football League for the Shreveport Pirates. He also played for the Frankfurt Galaxy of NFL Europa in 1997.

Shelley Moore Capito

Shelley Moore Capito (born November 26, 1953) is an American politician. On January 3, 2015, she became the junior U.S. Senator from West Virginia. She was in the United States House of Representatives from 2001 to 2015. She was in the West Virginia state legislature from 1996 to 2000.

Capito was born on November 26, 1953 in Glen Dale, West Virginia. Her father was former Governor of West Virginia Arch A. Moore, Jr.. She was educated at the Holton-Arms School, Duke University, and the University of Virginia. She is married to Charles Capito. They have three children.

Bill Cassidy

Bill Cassidy (born September 28, 1957) is an American politician. On January 3, 2015, he became the junior U.S. Senator from Louisiana. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2009 to 2015. He was in the Louisiana Senate from 2006 to 2009.

Cassidy was born on November 17, 1961 in Highland Park, Illinois. He graduated from the Louisiana State University and A&M College. He is married to Laura Layden. They have three children.

On February 13, 2021 Cassidy voted that Republican President Donald Trump was guilty of starting the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol. He and six other Republican senators also voted that Trump was guilty. This was after the House of Representatives Second impeachment of Donald Trump. 

Kelly Ayotte

Kelly Ann Ayotte (born June 28, 1968) is an American politician. From 2011 to 2017 she was the junior U.S. Senator from New Hampshire. She was Attorney General of New Hampshire from 2004 to 2009.

During the 2016 New Hampshire senate elections, Ayotte narrowly lost her seat to Governor Maggie Hassan by less than 720 votes.

In July 2023, Ayotte announced her campaign for Governor of New Hampshire in the 2024 election.

Ayotte was born on June 28, 1968 in Nashua, New Hampshire. She graduated from the Pennsylvania State University. Ayotte later graduated from Villanova University School of Law. She married Joseph Daley in 2001. They have two children.

Mr. Roboto

"Mr. Roboto" is a 1983 song by American rock band Styx and taken from their 11th studio album "Kilroy Was Here". It went to number 1 in Canada and number 3 in the United States.

Arrondissements of the Lozère department

There are 2 arrondissements in the Lozère department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Lozère are:

Since its creation, the Pyrénées-Orientales department, first with the name of Roussillon, has had few changes:


Bob Corker

Bob Corker (born August 24, 1952) is an American politician. From 2007 to 2019, he was the U.S. Senator from Tennessee. From 2001 to 2005, he was Mayor of Chattanooga.

Corker was born on August 24, 1952 in Orangeburg, South Carolina. He graduated from the University of Tennessee. He and his wife Elizabeth have two daughters.

On September 26, 2017, Corker announced that he would not run for re-election in 2018.

Arrondissement of Florac

The arrondissement of Florac is an arrondissement of France; it is part of the Lozère "département" in the Occitanie region.

When the Lozère department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Florac was part of that original department.

It is the smallest and southernmost of the two "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of . It has 13,313 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km²

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Mende, to the east and south by the Gard department, and to the west by the Aveyron department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Florac, there are 2 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Le Collet-de-Dèze and Florac. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Florac has 44 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):

There is only a town with more than 1,000 inhabitants, and it is the subprefecture, Florac Trois Rivières, with 2,107 inhabitants.


Arrondissement of Mende

The arrondissement of Mende is an arrondissement of France; it is part of the Lozère "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Mende.

When the Lozère department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Mende was part of that original department.

It is the largest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of . It has a population of 63,047 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" covers the northern part of the department and is bordered by the Cantal department to the northwest, the Haute-Loire department to the northeast), by the Ardeche department to the east, by the "arrondissement" of Florac to the south and by the Aveyron department to the west.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Mende, there are 9 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Mende has 132 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):

The only important city is Mende with 11,542 people living there in 2014. Other towns are Marvejols (4,882) and Saint-Chély-d'Apcher (4,169).


Tim Scott

Timothy Eugene Scott (born September 19, 1965) is an American politician. On January 3, 2013, he became the junior U.S. Senator from South Carolina. He was in the U.S. House of Representatives from 2009 to 2013. He is the only African-American senator as of the 115th United States Congress. More specifically, he is the first Republican African-American senator since Edward Brooke, of Massachusetts, in the 1970s. 

Scott was a candidate for President of the United States in the 2024 election.

Scott was born on September 19, 1965 in North Charleston, South Carolina. He attended Presbyterian College. Scott graduated from Charleston Southern University. He is unmarried.

Scott is a Republican, and conservative overall, but has a liberal stance on civil rights for African-Americans. 

Scott criticized President Donald Trump when he controversially tweeted: "When the looting starts, the shooting starts". This was about the protests of the death of George Floyd. Scott had spoken out against Floyd's murder.

Scott was in 2017 one of 22 senators sending a letter to Donald Trump asking him to withdraw from the Paris Agreement. He is a lobbyist for oil/gas/coal interests, having received over $54,000 from them since 2012.

In late 2022, it was reported that several United States senators such as John Barrasso, John Cornyn, and Joni Ernst had encouraged Scott to run for President of the United States in the 2024 election. 

In February 2023, it was reported that Scott was preparing for a presidential run. Two months later in April, he created an exploratory committee to see if he should run for president.

On May 19, 2023, Scott officially filed to run for president.

Scott ended his campaign on November 12, 2023, due to low poll numbers.

Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi

Samira Salih al-Nuaimi (also Samira Saleh Ali al-Naimi, Sameera Salih Ali al-Nuaimy, or سميرة صالح النعيمي in Arabic) (1963 – 22 September 2014) was an Iraqi lawyer and human rights activist. 

She had criticized Islamic State on Twitter because they destroyed mosques, churches, and shrines. She was then kidnapped by men in masks. She was tortured for five days and then was killed by Islamic State (ISIS or Daish).

The United Nations spoke out strongly against the killing.

Samiraa al-Nuaimi was a lawyer. According to the Gulf Centre For Human Rights, she worked on detainee rights and poverty. She worked as a volunteer for women's rights. She was one of the leading activists in Iraq, especially in the defense of people in jail, and in helping families with little money. 

Samira lived in the northeastern part of Mosul with her husband and three children. On September 17, 2014, when she was at home with her husband and children, the ISIL group took Samira from her home. They said she was guilty of apotasy under Sharia law. They tortured her for 5 days. Then they killed her. Zeid Ra’ad al-Hussein, the United Nations human rights commissioner, said her familiy was not permitted to give her a funeral. 

The United Nations Assistance Mission in Iraq said she was arrested because of her Facebook messages. She posted criticism of ISIL's destruction of religious places in Mosul. After her death, the Facebook page was removed. 

The United States Department of State condemned Samira's murder. They said she was brave because she helped people when she was in danger. 

The Special Representative of the United Nations Secretary-General for Iraq (SRSG), Mr. Nickolay Mladenov, also spoke strongly against the killing of al-Nuaimi. He said it was a "sickening crime committed against the people of Iraq". United Nations Commissioner Prince Zeid bin Raad, from the High Commissioner office in Geneva and New York, said Samira's death was terrible. He said she had courage because she defended the human rights of others. 

George Shrinks

George Shrinks is a Canadian-Chinese-French-American animated television series. It is based on the children's book by William Joyce. The show is about a ten to fifteen-year-old boy named George. After a dream one night, he wakes up and is only three inches tall. He has adventures with his friends and family. He also drives mini machines that he made with his father. Co-produced By Nelvana and Jade Animation In Association With Treehouse TV and Canal+ Family

The series started on 29 September 2000 on PBS Kids.

Because of George's very small size, everyday activities, such as working around the house or playing outside, often become exciting adventures. He mostly uses the Zooper Car to travel. It can change into a submarine or a helicopter.

The show has a retro-1940s look, with simple animation and colors. Most of the background music is jazz.


TVO SCN Télé-Québec Treehouse Knowledge Network TFO and Access (Canada) PBS Kids Disney Channel and Disney XD (United States) 


Mare Nostrum

Mare Nostrum (Latin for "Our Sea") was a Roman name for the Mediterranean Sea. In the years after the unification of Italy in 1861, the term was used again by Italian nationalists. They believed that Italy should follow on from the Roman Empire.

The term "mare nostrum" was used in the first place by Romans to refer to the Tyrrhenian Sea. This was after they had taken over the countries around it. These were Sicily, Sardinia and Corsica. It happened during the Punic Wars with Carthage. When they controlled Hispania they expanded the term to the whole western Mediterranean. By 30 BC, the Romans had taken over the countries around the Mediterranean from the Iberian Peninsula to Egypt. So they started to use the name "mare nostrum" for the whole Mediterranean Sea. They used other names as well, such as "Mare Internum" ("The Internal Sea"). However, they did not use the name "Mediterranean" (Middle Sea), as this name came later.

In the 1880's some Italians became interested in nationalism. Other European countries had made colonies in Africa (called the "Scramble for Africa"). They wanted Italy to have African colonies too. The term "mare nostrum" was used again by the Italian poet Emilio Lipi

The term was again used by Benito Mussolini for use in fascist propaganda. He used it in the same way that Adolf Hitler used the word "lebensraum" (German for "living space"). It meant they wanted to take over other countries to have more for themselves. Mussolini wanted Italy to be great like the Roman Empire. He believed that Italy was the most powerful Mediterranean country after World War I. He said that "the twentieth century will be a century of Italian power". Mussolini built up a powerful navy so he could control the Mediterranean Sea.

When World War II started, Italy already controlled the north and south shores of the middle part of the Mediterranean. The western part was controlled by Spain and France. The eastern part by Greece, Turkey and the British Empire. In 1940 the fall of France removed the main threat from the west. At the same time Italy invaded Greece and Egypt and attacked the island of Malta. Mussolini talked about making the Mediterranean "an Italian lake". The Axis (Italy and Germany together) defeated Greece, but could not defeat the British in Egypt. For the next three years they fought many battles there (called the Western Desert Campaign). The British and Italian navies also fought at sea (this is called the Battle of the Mediterranean). By 1943 the Axis in North Africa had been beaten and in September 1943 Italy was invaded and forced to surrender.

The name "Mare Nostrum" was chosen for a conference by the Society for Mediterranean Law and Culture. It was held in June 2012 at the University of Cagliari in Sardinia. What they meant by the term was the full diversity of Mediterranean cultures, especially for exchanges and cooperation among Mediterranean nations.

After a 2013 shipwreck near Lampedusa when many migrants from Africa had to be rescued. The Italian government increased its patrolling of the Mediterranean Sea. It called this "Operation Mare Nostrum", which was a military and humanitarian operation to rescue the migrants and arrest the traffickers of immigrants.


Rosy boa

The rosy boa ("Lichanura trivirgata") is a snake of the Boidae family. The rosy boa is native to southwest America, and Baja California and Sonora, Mexico. It is one of only two boas native to the territory claimed by the United States. The other is the rubber boa ("Charina bottae").

Petar Bojović

Petar Bojović (, ; 16 July 1858 in Miševići, Nova Varoš – 19 January 1945 in Belgrade) was a Serbian military commander. He fought in the Serbo-Turkish War, the Serbo-Bulgarian War, the First Balkan War, the Second Balkan War, World War I and World War II. Following the breakthrough on the Thessaloniki Front he was promoted to fourth Serbian Field Marshal ("Voivoda").

In World War I as commander of the First Army, he broke through the lines on the Salonika front. His army advanced deep into enemy territory. For this he was given the title of Duke. In 1945, after World War II ended, he was beaten severely by partisans. They decided to take his house for themselves. He died soon after of his injuries.

Scottish English

Scottish English, also known as Scottish Standard English or Standard Scottish English (SSE), is a dialect of English that is spoken in Scotland. People can tell Scottish English from British English by their accents, grammar, and vocabulary.

Scottish English should not be confused with Scots, a language which is very much like, but separate from English. The Scots language itself has affected Scottish English by means of contact with the Standard English after the 17th century. Still, many speakers of both Scots and Scottish English put them into different registers and smoothly switch between the two.

La Siberia

La Siberia is a Spanish local administrative division located in Badajoz, Extremadura. 
To the southeast is Caceres province. Castile-La Mancha is to the east.

This area is part from the Toledo Mountains range and reaches until the Las Villuercas mountains. About 90 percent of its terrain ranges from above sea level. Its highest mountain ranges are: the Umbría, Castrejones, Cantonegros, Santana and Pico Montilla. The last is the highest, at above sea level.

Due its location between Castilian Plateau and the Atlantic Area, its climate is inside continental climate with warm summers and slightly cold winters. The average temperature is about . The coldest month is January with depending on its zone (north or south). On the other hand, July is the warmest month, with as minimum to as maximum.


United States Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs

The United States Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs deals with most of the United States veterans issues. People who are members of the committee help fight for veterans. Members are also members of the United States senate. They help veterans find jobs and homes, and help with medical care. It was created in 1971 to help the Vietnam War veterans.

The Veterans' Affairs Committee had nine members when it was created. It now has 17 members.
According to committee members' official online biographies, three of the fourteen members are veterans: Richard Blumenthal, Dan Sullivan and Johnny Isakson.



Patty Murray

Patricia Lynn "Patty" Murray (née Johns; October 11, 1950) is the senior United States Senator from Washington. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Murray was first elected to the Senate in 1992, becoming Washington's first female senator. She was re-elected in 1998, 2004 and 2010.

With Patrick Leahy's retirement, Murray became the Senate President pro tempore in the 118th Congress, becoming the first female to hold the position in history.


Johnny Isakson

John Hardy "Johnny" Isakson (December 28, 1944 – December 19, 2021) was an American politician. He was the United States Senator from Georgia from 2005 through 2019. He was a member of the Republican Party. Previously, he represented Georgia's 6th Congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2005.

In June 2015, Isakson was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease and a kidney tumor.

On August 28, 2019, due his bad health, Isakson announced that he would resign from the Senate officially on December 31, 2019.

Isakson died on December 19, 2021 at his home in Atlanta, Georgia from Parkinson's disease-related problems at the age of 76.


Vermont's at-large congressional district

Vermont has been represented in the United States House of Representatives by a single at-large congressional district since the 1930 census, when the state lost its second seat. 

There were once six districts in Vermont. Bernie Sanders (Independent) held the seat from 1991 until 2007, when he became a U.S. Senator. Democrat Peter Welch represented the state from 2007 to 2023. Becca Balint has represented this district since 2023.

Liberty Union Party

The Liberty Union Party of Vermont, founded in 1970 by former Congressman William H. Meyer, Peter Diamondstone, Dennis Morrisseau and others, originated in the anti-war and People's Party movements of the late 1960s and defines itself as a non-violent socialist party. Famous members include Bernie Sanders, John Parker, and Brain Moore.

Vermont Progressive Party

The Vermont Progressive Party is a political party in the United States. It was founded in 1999 and is active only in the U.S. state of Vermont. 

The party is largely social democratic and progressive. The Progressives received 9,470 votes (2.96% of the vote) in the 2010 Vermont House of Representatives Elections, and five seats, compared to the Democrats' 55.11% and 96 seats, the Republicans' 38.04% of the vote, and 46 seats. 

Independents received 3.81% and three seats. As of 2012, the party controls 10% of the Vermont Senate seats, and 3.3% of the seats in the Vermont House of Representatives.

Peter Welch

Peter Francis Welch (born May 2, 1947) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party. Welch is the junior U.S. Senator from Vermont since 2023. He was the U.S. Representative for Vermont's At-large congressional district from 2007 to 2023.

In 2016, Welch supported U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination for President. He supported him again in 2020.

In November 2021, Welch announced his candidacy for the Democratic nomination for the United States Senate in the 2022 election to replace retiring Senator Patrick Leahy. He won the general election in November 2022.


Peter Plympton Smith

Peter Plympton Smith (born October 31, 1945) is a former member of the United States House of Representatives from the U.S. state of Vermont, the 74th Lieutenant Governor of Vermont, and an education administrator.

He served as the founding president of the Community College of Vermont, the founding president of California State University, Monterey Bay, and as assistant director general for education of the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).

Smith was one of thirty former Republican congressmen to sign a letter opposing Donald Trump's candidacy for president.

Seniority in the United States Senate

Seniority in the United States Senate is the value of a senator based on his/her service. There are two senators per state. The one senator that served more years is called the Senior senator. The one who served less is called the Junior senator. 


Ranking member

In United States politics, a ranking member is the most senior member of a congressional or state legislative committee from the minority party. 

When party control of a legislative chamber changes, a committee's ranking minority member is likely, though not assured, to become the next chairman of the committee, and vice versa.

United States Senate Committee on the Budget

The United States Senate Committee on the Budget was created by the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974. It is responsible for drafting Congress's annual budget plan and creating an action on the budget for the Federal Government. 

The committee has power over the Congressional Budget Office. The committee briefly operated as a special committee from 1919 to 1920 during the 66th Congress, before being made a standing committee in 1974.



Political action committee

In the United States, a political action committee (PAC) is a type of organization that gives money to campaigns from members and donates those funds to campaign for or against candidates, ballot initiatives, or legislation. 
The legal term PAC has been created in pursuit of campaign finance reform in the United States.

Central Vermont Railway

The Central Vermont Railway was a railroad that operated in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, and Vermont, as well as the Canadian province of Quebec.

Vermont Reds

The Vermont Reds were a minor league baseball team. They played in the Eastern League at Centennial Field in Burlington, Vermont from 1984 to 1987.

John F. Kennedy School of Government

The John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University (also known as Harvard Kennedy School and HKS) is a public policy and public administration school, and one of Harvard's graduate and professional schools. It is named after Harvard graduate and 35th President of the United States John F. Kennedy.

It offers master's degrees in public policy, public administration, and international development, grants several doctoral degrees, administers executive programs for senior government officials, and conducts research in subjects relating to politics, government, international affairs, and economics.

Oxford East (UK Parliament constituency)

Oxford East is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament by Andrew Smith of the Labour Party.

Election Result 2015 http://www.oxford.gov.uk/PageRender/decCD/Election_results_occw.htm 

Rubber boa

The rubber boa is a snake in the family Boidae that is native to the western North America.

The Nation

The Nation is the oldest continuously published weekly magazine in the United States. It was first founded in July 1895 in New York City. "The Nation" has offices in Washington, D.C., London, Chicago, Paris, and in South Africa. It covers architecture, art, corporations, defense, environment, films, legal affairs, music, peace and disarmament, poetry, and the United Nations.

Vermont Public Radio

Vermont Public Radio (VPR) is a network of public radio stations in the state of Vermont. 

In addition to locally produced shows, the network broadcasts programs from NPR, Public Radio International, and American Public Media. It is headquartered in Colchester, a suburb of Burlington. Other studios are in Montpelier, Manchester and Norwich.

Colchester, Vermont

Colchester is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States. The population was 17,524 at the 2020 census.
It is the third-largest municipality and largest town in Vermont by population. Saint Michael's College is there.

Congressional Progressive Caucus

The Congressional Progressive Caucus (CPC) is a caucus in the Democratic congressional caucus in the United States Congress. The CPC is a left-leaning organization that works to advance progressive and liberal issues and positions. 

In the 116th United States Congress, the CPC has 98 members, making it the second largest caucus within the Democratic Party and the third largest caucus in Congress. The CPC is currently co-chaired by U.S. Representatives Mark Pocan (D-WI) and Pramila Jayapal (D-WA).

The CPC was created in 1991 by six members of the United States House of Representatives: U.S. Representatives Ron Dellums (D-CA), Lane Evans (D-IL), Thomas Andrews (D-ME), Peter DeFazio (D-OR), Maxine Waters (D-CA) and Bernie Sanders (I-VT). More House Members joined shortly after, including Major Owens (D-NY), Nydia Velázquez (D-NY), David Bonior (D-MI), Bob Filner (D-CA), Barney Frank (D-MA), Maurice Hinchey (D-NY), Jim McDermott (D-WA), Jerry Nadler (D-NY), Patsy Mink (D-HI), George Miller (D-CA), Pete Stark (D-CA), John Olver (D-MA), Lynn Woolsey (D-CA) and Nancy Pelosi (D-CA). Sanders was the convener and first CPC Chairman. Bill Goold was Staff Coordinator for the Progressive Caucus in its early years until 1998.

In April 2011, the Congressional Progressive Caucus released a proposed "People's Budget" for fiscal year 2012. Two of its supporters said: "By having a fair tax code, by building a strong American economy, and by bringing our troops home, we achieve a budget surplus of over $30 billion by 2021 and we end up with a debt that is less than 65% of our GDP. This is what sustainability looks like".

All members are members of the Democratic Party or caucus with the Democratic Party. In the 116th Congress, there are 97 declared Progressives, including 95 voting Representatives, one non-voting Delegate and one Senator.

Arizona
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts

Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Nevada
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
Ohio
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
Tennessee
Texas
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Wisconsin
Non-voting


National Rifle Association of America

The National Rifle Association of America (NRA) is an American nonprofit organization. It works for gun rights. It was founded in 1871. The current executive of the association is Wayne LaPierre of New York, who has served since 1991. Oliver North has been its President since 2018. The movie star Charlton Heston was also president of the NRA, from 1998 to 2003.

In the United States, attitudes and thoughts about guns have changed over time, and the NRA changed too.

The NRA began after the American Civil War. Leaders of the Union army were upset because the Union recruits could not shoot guns well. They would fire and miss many times, and this wasted ammunition. They started the NRA to teach men how to use guns. For most of the 20th century, the NRA was mostly about teaching people how to use guns. The NRA cooperated with the government. For example, the State of New York helped the NRA buy a gun range.

At first, the NRA supported laws limiting gun ownership. It agreed with the government that criminals and the mentally ill should not own guns. When there were many handguns in the United States, the NRA supported laws saying people should need a permit to buy one. When the first automatic weapons came out, the NRA supported laws requiring permits for them too. The NRA helped Congress develop the National Firearms Act of 1934, the Gun Control Act of 1938, and other gun laws in the 1960s.

In the late 20th century, the NRA began to change. There was civil unrest in the 1960s in America, and President John F. Kennedy was killed with a firearm. Many people began to want guns to protect their own households. In 1971, federal agents from the government's Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms killed an NRA member because he had illegal weapons. In 1975, the NRA started its political lobbying group, the Institute for Legislative Action. Lobbying is when an organization sends lawyers and other people to talk to politicians so they will write laws the organization wants and talk to voters so they will elect politicians who will do what the organization wants. Around this time, the United States Supreme Court made it much easier for organizations to make campaign contributions. Politicians use campaign contribution money to pay for TV ads and posters and other ways of talking to voters. Politicians with lots of campaign contributions have an easier time winning elections. The NRA began fundraising so it could give money to politicians who promised to oppose gun control laws and let people own as many guns as they wanted to buy. Slowly, the NRA became more about politics than about gun education.

By 2020, the NRA had become one of the most powerful lobbying organizations in America. The NRA writes "report cards" on politicians and sends them to voters, giving the candidates "grades" based on how many times they voted for or against gun rights or gun control. The NRA began endorsing, or recommending, presidential candidates with Ronald Reagan in the 1980 United States presidential election.

In 2020, the United States Attorney General Letitia Jones moved to end the NRA. Jones said NRA officials had taken donated money and used it on themselves and given special contracts to their family and friends. American nonprofits are not allowed to do this. If someone donates money to a nonprofit, the nonprofit must use the money the way it promises to use it.

NRA

NRA may refer to:


Ron Dellums

Ronald Vernie "Ron" Dellums (November 24, 1935 – July 30, 2018) was an American politician. He was Oakland's forty-eighth mayor. From 1971 to 1998, he was elected to thirteen terms as a Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Northern California's 9th Congressional District.

When President Ronald Reagan vetoed Dellums' Comprehensive Anti-Apartheid Act of 1986, a Democratic-controlled House and a Republican-controlled Senate overrode Reagan's veto, the first override of a presidential foreign policy veto in the 20th century.

Dellums died on July 30, 2018 in Washington, D.C. from prostate cancer, aged 82.


Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act

The Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act (), often referred to as the Brady Act and commonly called the Brady Bill, is an Act of the United States Congress that made background checks on firearm purchasers in the United States required and created a five-day waiting period on purchases.

The original legislation was introduced into the House of Representatives by Representative Charles E. Schumer in March 1991, but was never brought to a vote. The bill was reintroduced by Rep. Schumer on February 22, 1993 and the final version was passed on November 11, 1993. 

It was signed into law by President Bill Clinton on November 30, 1993 and the law went into effect on February 28, 1994. The Act was named after James Brady, who was shot by John Hinckley, Jr. during an attempted assassination of President Ronald Reagan on March 30, 1981.

Iraq Resolution

The Iraq Resolution or the Iraq War Resolution (formally the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002, is a joint resolution passed by the United States Congress in October 2002 as Public Law No: 107-243, authorizing military action against Iraq.

Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Terrorists

The Authorization for Use of Military Force allows the use of United States Armed Forces against those responsible for the attacks on September 11, 2001. 

The authorization granted the President the authority to use all "necessary and appropriate force" against those whom he determined "planned, authorized, committed or aided" the September 11th attacks, or who harbored said persons or groups. The AUMF was signed by President George W. Bush on September 18, 2001. 

Public Policy Polling

Public Policy Polling (PPP) is a U.S. polling firm based in Raleigh, North Carolina. PPP was founded in 2001 by businessman Dean Debnam, the firm's current president and chief executive officer.

Nicholas Parsons

Christopher Nicholas Parsons (10 October 1923 – 28 January 2020) was an English radio and television presenter and actor. He was best known for hosting "Just a Minute" which ran from 22 December 1967 to 23 September 2019 and "Sale of the Century" which ran from 9 October 1971 to 6 November 1983.

Parsons was born on 10 October 1923 in Grantham, Lincolnshire. 

Parsons was Rector of the University of St Andrews from 1988 to 1991.

In 2014, he was awarded the CBE 10 years after being awarded the OBE.

In August 2019, Parsons had suffered a fall and was hospitalized in Aylesbury. He died from problems caused by the fall on 28 January 2020 at the Stoke Mandeville Hospital in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire. He was 96, 9 months short of his 97th birthday.

He leaves behind a widow, Annie and 2 children.

Income inequality in the United States

Income inequality in the United States has increased significantly since the 1970s after several decades of stability, meaning the share of the nation's income received by higher income households has increased. Sometimes this is called a "pay gap". Usually males are paid higher than females which has caused protest.

Campaign finance reform in the United States


Civil liberties

Civil liberties are personal guarantees and freedoms that the government cannot have too much control of a single person's life, either by law or by judicial interpretation.

Civil liberties include the freedom from torture, freedom from forced disappearance, freedom of conscience, freedom of press, freedom of religion, freedom of expression, freedom of assembly, the right to security and liberty, freedom of speech, the right to privacy, the right to equal treatment under the law and due process, the right to a fair trial, and the right to life.


Mass surveillance in the United States

The practice of mass surveillance in the United States dates back to wartime monitoring and censorship of international communications from, to, or which passed through the United States. 

After the First World War and the Second World War, the surveillance continued, by programs such as the Black Chamber and Project SHAMROCK. The formation and growth of federal law-enforcement and intelligence agencies such as the FBI, CIA, and NSA helped surveillance, such as the COINTELPRO projects which currently exist in secret. 

A series of media reports in 2013 revealed more recent programs and techniques employed by the US intelligence community. Advances in computer and information technology allow the creation of huge national databases that facilitate mass surveillance in the United States.

Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010

The Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010 was passed by the United States Congress on December 16, 2010 and signed into law by President Barack Obama on December 17, 2010. It helped cut taxes and create more jobs for the United States.

Rudy Gobert

Rudy Gobert (born June 26, 1992) is a French professional basketball player. He plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA). 

He also plays on the French national basketball team in the international competitions.

On March 11, 2020, it was discovered that Gobert tested positive for the Coronavirus disease 2019.

Kratos (God of War)

Kratos, the "Ghost of Sparta", is a video game character from Sony Santa Monica Studio's God of War series, which is loosely based on Greek mythology. Kratos first appeared in the 2005 video game God of War, which led to the development of six additional games featuring the character as the protagonist. Kratos also appears as the protagonist of the God of War comic series and novels. He has been consistently voiced by Terrence C. Carson, and Antony Del Rio voiced the character as a child in God of War: Ghost of Sparta. Christopher Judge was Kratos' voice actor in God of War (2018) and . Kratos is depicted as a Spartan warrior in Ancient Greece and son of Zeus (thus making him a demigod) who, after being manipulated into killing his own family by the war god Ares, goes on a crusade in search of revenge. 

Bnin, Kórnik

Bnin [bnin] () is part of the town of Kórnik, southwest of the city of Poznań, in Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland. It is between Lake Kórnickie and Lake Bnińskie. From 1395-1934, Bnin was a town in its own right. It became part of Kórnik in 1961.

Chałupy

Chałupy (Kashubian: Chalëpë, German: Ceynowa) is a village and a popular Polish seaside resort, in Gmina Władysławowo. It has very good conditions for windsurfing and kitesurfing. It is between Władysławowo and Kuźnica on the Hel Peninsula on the southern Baltic Sea in Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It had 376 inhabitants as of 2009.

Prior to January 1, 2015, Chałupy was a part of the town Władysławowo.

Christopher Browning

Christopher Robert Browning (born May 22, 1944) is an American historian of the Holocaust. Browning received his bachelor's degree from Oberlin College in 1968. He received his doctorate from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1975. He taught at Pacific Lutheran University from 1974 to 1999, eventually becoming a Distinguished Professor. In 1999, he moved to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill to accept an appointment as Frank Porter Graham Professor of History. Browning was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2006. Browning retired from teaching in the spring of 2014.

<br>

1. FFC Turbine Potsdam

1. FFC Turbine Potsdam is a German women's association football club from Potsdam, Germany. The club plays in the Frauen-Bundesliga and is one of the most successful teams in Germany.

The club was made in 1971 in East Germany. The club was one of the most successful teams in East Germany. The club also is the only team from East Germany to have won the Frauen-Bundesliga. The team has also won the UEFA Women's Champions League twice.


The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest

The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest is an American animated action-adventure television series. It is produced by Hanna-Barbera. It was broadcast on Cartoon Network from August 26, 1996 to April 16, 1997. It was a continuation of the "Jonny Quest" (1964) series. It features teenage adventurers Jonny Quest, Hadji Singh, and Jessie Bannon. They, Dr. Benton Quest, and bodyguard Race Bannon investigate strange phenomena, legends, and mysteries. Action also takes place in the virtual realm of QuestWorld, a three-dimensional cyberspace domain rendered with computer animation.

Laura, Saskatchewan

Laura is a hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Montrose No. 315, Saskatchewan, Canada. It previously held the status of village until December 31, 1954 and again at an unknown date but was restructured back to hamlet status on December 28, 1978. The town used to have a bank, a school and a grain elevator. Now, no businesses are left. Even the post office closed. The grain elevator was burned down by its owner. Except for a few people who still live there, it is a now ghost town.

Chester, Maine

Chester is a town in Penobscot County, Maine,United States. The population was 549 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Bangor Metropolitan Statistical Area.

James C. Weaver

James C. Weaver (March 5, 1945 – July 2, 2015) was an American college athletics administrator and former American football player and coach. He most recently served as the athletics director at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, from 1997 to 2014.

Weaver was born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He died of Parkinson's disease in Blacksburg, Virginia, aged 70.

Val Doonican

Michael Valentine Doonican (3 February 1927 – 1 July 2015) was an Irish singer and television presenter. He sang traditional pop music and swing. Doonican was born in Waterford, Irish Free State.

He was well known for his novelty stylised songs. His career began in 1951.From 1965 to 1986 he was a regular fixture on the BBC Television's schedule with "The Val Doonican Show", which featured his own singing performances and a variety of guest artists. He retired in 2009.

Doonican died at a nursing home in Buckinghamshire, England, at the age of 88.


Jim Webb 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Jim Webb was officially launched when Webb, United States Senator from Virginia and former Secretary of the Navy, announced his candidacy for the Democratic Party's nomination for President of the United States in 2016 on July 2, 2015. The headquarters of the campaign is in Burke, Virginia.

On November 19, 2014, Webb announced the formation of an exploratory committee in preparation for a possible bid for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination. He reaffirmed his moderate stances as a strength to a potential candidacy, including some criticisms of the Affordable Care Act despite having voted for it, and emphasized his belief that the Democratic Party had been neglecting the "white, working-class" vote in favor of pandering to minorities.

Webb formally announced his candidacy on July 2, 2015 via his campaign website. He suspended his campaign and withdrew from the election on October 20, 2015.

Jacobo Zabludovsky

Jacobo Zabludovsky Kraveski (May 24, 1928 – July 2, 2015) was a Mexican journalist. He was the first anchorman in Mexican television and his TV news program, "24 Horas" ("24 Hours") was for decades the most important in the country.

Zabludovsky died of a stroke in Mexico City, aged 87.


How to Eat Fried Worms (movie)

How to Eat Fried Worms is an American comedy movie. It was based on the children's book of the same name written by Thomas Rockwell. Parents were warned the movie was "gross" but had a worthwhile moral. The movie was rated PG. They also hard to eat worms

The movie centers around an 11-year-old male friends dare. Billy Forrester has to eat 15 worms in 15 days for $50.

Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a mild 61%. They said only 47% of audiences liked the movie. Gregory Kirschling of Entertainment Weekly gave it a score of 75. He commented "Worms goes light (but not too light) on the gore and the goo." Joanne Kaufman of The Wall Street Journal said "After the first bit of fish bait is consumed, actually even before, this one-trick movie is a tough slog."


Poncarale

Poncarale is a city in northern Italy. Poncarale is in the Lombardy Region. It is in the Province of Brescia and has 5,330 people.

Czesław Olech

Czesław Olech (May 22, 1931 – July 1, 2015) was a Polish mathematician. He was a representative of the Kraków school of mathematics, especially the differential equations school of Tadeusz Ważewski.


Charlie Sanders

Charles Alvin Sanders (August 25, 1946 – July 2, 2015) was an American football player. He played tight end for the Detroit Lions from 1968 to 1977. Sanders was voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2007. He was born in Richlands, North Carolina.

Sanders died on July 2, 2015 from cancer in Detroit, Michigan, aged 68.

Phil Walsh (Australian footballer)

Phillip "Phil" Walsh (15 March 1960 – 3 July 2015) was an Australian rules footballer and coach. He played for Collingwood, Richmond and the Brisbane Bears in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s. He also had assistant coaching roles at Geelong, West Coast, and Port Adelaide. He was later the head coach of the Adelaide Football Club for the 2015 season. He was born in Hamilton, Victoria.

Walsh was stabbed to death on 3 July 2015 in Somerton Park, South Australia. He was 55. His son was arrested for the murder.

Duct

In anatomy and physiology, a duct is a tube leading from an exocrine gland or organ. It usually carries the gland's product to where it is used. An example is the vas deferens, which carries sperm to the ejaculatory ducts. Another example is tear ducts, which carry tears to the eye.

Ducts are lined by pavement-type endothelial cells. Outside the endothelium in blood and lymphatic vessels is a layer with no cells called the basement membrane. Outside that are the smooth muscle cells. The smooth muscle squeezes the contents along.

Smooth muscle

Smooth muscle is muscle inside the body and not attached to bones. It is not under conscious control. Its function is to help the inner workings of the body.

Smooth muscle is found in the walls of blood vessels, vessels of the lymphatic system, the urinary bladder, uterus, male and female reproductive tracts, gastrointestinal tract, respiratory tract, most ducts, and a number of other places such as the iris.

The smooth muscle looks different from the skeletal muscle, and works differently. It can squeeze slowly, and move in waves along a duct. Most types of smooth muscle squeeze gently for a long time, and use little energy. Some smooth muscle squeezes quickly and relaxes in phases.

Sergio Basso

Sergio Basso (Milan, June 11, 1975)  is an Italian movie director, writer and scriptwriter.

Sergio Basso’s passion for cinema dates back to his high school years. He spent several years in China. Beginning in 1996 he studied oriental art. Basso graduated from the University of Venice in 1999 with a degree in oriental languages. He also received a degree in Classics at the University of Milan in 2011. He graduated from Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia in Rome in 2006. He is a member of the 'European Documentary Network Association'. He has attended seminars at the GITIS Moscow Theatre School.

Basso began working in theater as a director for the Teatraz company. He then moved on to the movie industry. Basso spent two years as an assistant director on the set of Italian director Gianni Amelio’s" The Missing Star". He directed a number of documentaries. Some of these were presented at the Festivals of Nyon, Annecy, Turin and San Francisco.

In 2013, Basso directed the movie "Amori elementari". It was released in movie theaters across Italy, Switzerland, Russia and Canada. The movie was premiered at the 36th Moscow International Film Festival. It also was shown at the 65th Giffoni Film Festival, the Rio International Film Festival, and at the 'Ostrajenie Film Festival in Moscow. It won the Grand Prix for Best Children Movie in Moscow. 

In 2014, Basso directed a documentary on China’s Han dynasty. It was commissioned by the Chinese state television network CCTV-6.

Basso created one of the first Italian cross-media platforms, the documentary Giallo a Milano. It has new stories and characters that had first appeared in the documentary film of the same name. He has been collaborating with Italy’s national public broadcasting company RAI. He has made several cartoons for them. Per l'animazione di uno dei personaggi di "Giallo a Milano" vince Il Festival Internazionale d'Animazione Annecy nel 2010. Si occupa anche di cinematografia d'impresa, realizzando cortometraggi e reportage per Telecom, Save the Children, ONU, il museo MAXXI di Roma, De Agostini Editore. In 2010, Basso won the International Festival of Animation Annecy. This was for his animation work for one of the characters of "Giallo a Milano". He has also made commercials. He has worked on campaigns for Telecom, Save the Children, the United Nations. He has also worked for the museum MAXXI Roma, and De Agostini Editore.





Slavko Avsenik

Slavko Avsenik (November 26, 1929 – July 2, 2015) was a Slovene composer and musician. Since 1953, Avsenik produced more than 1,000 songs and enjoyed success both in Slovenia and in other parts of Europe and America. He was viewed as a Slovenian cultural icon.


György Szabad

György Szabad (4 August 1924 – 3 July 2015) was a Hungarian politician and historian. He was the Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary between 1990 and 1994. He was a member of the Batthyány Society of Professors. He was born in Arad, Romania.

Szabad died in Budapest, Hungary, aged 90.

Bronchopneumonia

Bronchopneumonia or bronchial pneumonia or Bronchogenic pneumonia is the acute inflammation of the walls of the bronchioles. It is a type of pneumonia which affects one or more pulmonary lobules. It is one of two types of bacterial pneumonia, the other being "lobar pneumonia".

Brigham City, Utah

Brigham City is a city in Box Elder County, Utah, United States. The population was 19,650 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Box Elder County.


Charles Mound

Charles Mound is a gentle, high hill in northern Jo Daviess County, Illinois, near the small town of Scales Mound and northeast of Galena. It is the highest point of the state.

Elijah Charles, the namesake of the mound, was one of the region's first permanent settlers, arrived in 1828 and settled at the base of the mound.

Florac

Florac is a former French commune, a "subprefecture" of the Lozère department, in the Occitanie region. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Florac. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Florac Trois Rivières.

The inhabitants of this city are known, in French, as "Floracois" (women: "Floracoises").

Florac is in the valley of the Tarnon river, a small river that flows through the Lozère department before joining the Tarn river. The "commune" is found at the start of the Gorges du Tarn (a canyon formed by the Tarn river).

The city and the Tarnon valley are within the Cévennes National Park but they are not part of the park.

The "commune" of Florac has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" is surrounded by the "communes" Quézac, Bédouès, La Salle-Prunet, Saint-Laurent-de-Trèves, Vebron and Montbrun.

The climate in Prades in the Köppen climate classification is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

With a population of 1,958, its population density is of inhabitants/km.

Florac is the third smallest subprefecture of France, after Castellane in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department (1,557 inhabitants) and Largentière in the Ardèche department (1,789 inhabitants).

Prades is twinned with:



Marianne Verville

Marianne Verville (born 28 May 1994) is an actress from Saint-Lambert, Quebec. She is Pierre Verville's daughter.

She is known for her role as "Aurélie Laflamme" in the movie adaptations of the novels, "Le Journal d'Aurélie Laflamme", by India Desjardins. She has also participated with her father in an advertisement for Le Lait. She played the role of Violette in Mauvais Karma show at Radio-Canada.




Chile national cricket team

Chilean cricket team is the national cricket team of Chile. The team played their first test match against Argentina in 1893.



Chile men's national water polo team

Chile men's national water polo team represents Chile in international men's water polo competitions.



Chile men's national volleyball team

Chile men's national volleyball team represents Chile in international men's volleyball competitions.



Epoxy

Epoxy is the end product of epoxy resins.

It is also a common name for the epoxide functional group, and a common name for a type of strong adhesive used for sticking things together. Typically, two resins need to be mixed together before use. 

Epoxy resins are a class of reactive polymers which contain epoxide groups. Their co-reactants are often called 'hardeners' or 'curatives', and the cross-linking reaction is referred to as 'curing'. The reaction forms a thermosetting polymer, often with strong mechanical properties as well as high temperature and chemical resistance. Epoxy has a wide range of industrial applications.


Dudley Dudley

Dudley Webster Dudley (born Dudley Webster; August 4, 1936) is a political activist in the American state of New Hampshire. Dudley was born in Exeter, New Hampshire. Dudley is known for her legislation that stopped Aristotle Onassis from building an oil refinery in Durham, New Hampshire in 1974. 

In 1976, Dudley became the first woman elected to the New Hampshire Executive Council. She served for four terms. In 1984, she won the Democratic primary to represent New Hampshire’s first Congressional District. She was defeated by Republican Bob Smith. Dudley has served as a trustee of the University of New Hampshire. She served on the board of directors for the UNH Alumni Association. 

Dudley inherited her first name from her grandmother’s maiden name. She was married to Portsmouth attorney Thomas Dudley. This is how she got her last name, Dudley.

Patricia Marmont

Patricia Marmont (born 9 August 1921) is an American actress. She is the daughter of Percy Marmont and was married to Nigel Green. She is known for her role as Andromache in the 1956 movie "Helen of Troy".

Cheri Oteri

Cheri Oteri (born Cheryl Ann Oteri; September 19, 1962) is an American comic actress. She is best known for her roles as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" from 1995 to 2000. notable voice roles in some animation studio companies such as Nickelodeon from "The Fairly OddParents" and "Bunsen is a Beast", Disney from "Hercules The Animated Series", "Big City Greens" and "The 7D", Cartoon Network Studios from "Dexter's Lab" reboot, "Close Enough", etc., Lionsgate Television from "Nutri Ventures", PBS, ABC, Warner Bros. Animation, Netflix Animation, MGM, Universal Animation Studios, DreamWorks Animation, etc. 


Kenan Thompson

Kenan Stacy Thompson (born May 10, 1978) is an American actor and comedian. He is known for his work as a cast member of NBC's "Saturday Night Live" (2003-present). He is the show's longest running cast member, as he is currently in his 20th season.


Kate McKinnon

Kate McKinnon Berthold (born January 6, 1984), commonly known as Kate McKinnon, is an American actress, voice actress, and comedian. She is best known for her sketch comedy work as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" (2012-2022) and "The Big Gay Sketch Show".

McKinnon is known for her impersonations of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Ellen DeGeneres, Justin Bieber, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Chancellor Angela Merkel, Trump advisor Kellyanne Conway, Mayor Rudy Giuliani, U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos and Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.

McKinnon is "SNL" first openly lesbian cast member. 

Jim Lehrer

James Charles "Jim" Lehrer (;born May 19, 1934 – January 23, 2020) was an American journalist and novelist.

Lehrer was born in Wichita, Kansas. He was the executive editor and a former news anchor for the "PBS NewsHour" on PBS. Lehrer was also known for his role as a debate moderator in U.S. presidential election campaigns. He was an author of a number of fiction and nonfiction books. 

From 1960 until his death, he was married to novelist Kate Staples. They had three children.

Lehrer died at his home in Washington, D.C. on January 23, 2020 from a heart attack at age 85.

Lehrer has received two Emmy Awards, the Fred Friendly First Amendment Award and the George Foster Peabody Award. He has received the William Allen White Foundation Award for Journalistic Merit and the University of Missouri School of Journalism's Honor Medal. Lehrer was honored in 1999 with the National Humanities Medal. It was given by President Bill Clinton and First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton. He has been inducted into the Television Hall of Fame and is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Lehrer has received honorary degrees from 42 universities and colleges.

Cecily Strong

Cecily Strong (born February 8, 1984) is an American actress, voice actress, and comedian. She is former a cast member of "Saturday Night Live", joining the show in 2012, and left in December 2022.

Michael Che

Michael Che (born Michael Che Campbell; May 19, 1983) is an American comedian, writer, and actor. He was briefly a correspondent for "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart", and has previously worked as a writer for "Saturday Night Live". At the end of September 2014, he became a "Weekend Update" co-anchor for the 40th season of "Saturday Night Live", alongside Colin Jost.

Colin Jost

Colin Kelly Jost (born June 29, 1982) is an American comedian and screenwriter. He is the head writer for the television program "Saturday Night Live". In 2014, Jost became a cast member and became the co-anchor of "Weekend Update" alongside Michael Che.

Jacques Sernas

Jacques Sernas (; sometimes credited as Jack Sernas; 30 July 1925 – 3 July 2015) was a Lithuanian-born French actor with an international movie career. He was known for his roles in "Lost Youth", "Helen of Troy", "The Dirty Game", and in "Midas Run".

Nedelcho Beronov

Nedelcho Krumov Beronov () (22 July 1928 – 4 July 2015) was a Bulgarian jurist, right-wing politician and Constitutional Court chairman. He was a presidential candidate in the 2006 presidential elections.


PBS NewsHour

The PBS NewsHour is an American evening television news program that is broadcast seven nights a week on more than 300 PBS stations.

The weekday program is one hour-long. It is co-anchored by Gwen Ifill and Judy Woodruff. They are the only two women leading a national nightly news program on broadcast currentlly. It is produced by WETA-TV. It is the flagship public media station for Washington, D.C.. The PBS NewsHour Weekend is 30 minutes long. It is anchored by Hari Sreenivasan and produced by New York PBS member station WNET. As the nation's first hour-long broadcast of nightly news, the PBS NewsHour is known for its in-depth coverage of issues and current events.

<br>

Diana Douglas

Diana Love Dill (January 22, 1923 – July 3, 2015) was a Bermudian-born American actress who was professionally known as Diana Douglas.

Dill was known for her marriage to Kirk Douglas which lasted from 1943 until their divorce in 1951. She was the mother of actors Michael and Joel Douglas. 

Douglas was born Diana Love Dill in the Devonshire Parish in Bermuda to a British father who was a colonel and an American mother. 

Douglas began her career as an actress in 1942. Since then, she has appeared in over 50 movies. Some of her well-known roles were as Susan Rogers in the 1955 movie "The Indian Fighter" (co-starring Kirk Douglas) and as Peg in the 1987 comedy movie "Planes, Trains and Automobiles". She was also known for her recurring role as Martha Evans on "Days of Our Lives" (1977-1979, 1982). 

She appeared in "It Runs in the Family" with her son Michael and her ex-husband Kirk. She retired in 2008.

Douglas died on July 3, 2015 from cancer at her home in Woodland Hills, California, aged 92.


Darrell Hammond

Darrell Clayton Hammond (born October 8, 1955) is an American actor, stand-up comedian and impressionist. He was a regular on "Saturday Night Live" from 1995 until 2009, the longest term of any cast member in the show's history, until his record was passed by Kenan Thompson in 2017.

In 2014, he became the official announcer of SNL after the death of Don Pardo. He is known for playing Bill Clinton, Colonel Sanders, Sean Connery, and Donald Trump.


Pontiac Montana

The Pontiac Montana was a minivan sold by the Pontiac Motor Division of General Motors. Before the 1999 model year, it was known as The Pontiac Trans Sport. Since 1997, its most popular trim package had been the 'Montana sport package'. It gave the minivan more SUV-like features. In 1999 Pontiac changed the name of the car line to the 'Pontiac Montana'. Pontiac wanted to change to a more sporty performance image. But the change put it in direct competition with the Oldsmobile Silhouette and the Chevrolet Venture. For 2005, the van was redesigned. It had a higher, less aerodynamic nose to resemble an SUV. The Montana name was changed to Montana SV6 in 2006. 
No more improvements were made to the Montana models after the 2005 model year. Pontiac stopped selling them after the 2006 model year in the United States. They continued to be sold in Canada and Mexico until the 2009 model year. GM discontinued the Pontiac division after the 2010 model year. The Pontiac minivans were General Motors' most popular minivans in Canada. The Doraville, Georgia assembly plant which produced the Montana closed on September 26, 2009. The Montana was replaced by GM's Lambda crossover SUVS . Strangely it wasn't replaced by a Pontiac version of the crossovers.








A on the 1997-2004 Montana resulted in criticism because of severe damage at the speed of 40 mph (64 km/h). The minivan received a "Poor" Rating by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS) some comments made by the IIHS where


<br>

University Fermín Toro

The University Fermín Toro (UFT) is a private university. It is in Cabudare, Lara, Venezuela It was founded on 9 May 1989 according to the decree Number 168 of the National Executive. The Founder was Dr. Raúl Quero Silva, President of the Upper Council of the institution and of the Educational Complex "Antonio José of Sucre". The institution started in Cabudare, but also has campuses in Barquisimeto. The university has a library, bookshop, a clinic and computer laboratory. Students have email and access to the Internet. 






Wells, Maine

Wells is a town in Maine. Rapper Spose grew up in Wells. Wells Beach is in Wells.

History of Florida

The history of Florida began when the first Native Americans came to live in the peninsula about 14,000 years ago. They left behind artifacts and archeological evidence. 

Written history begins with the arrival of Europeans to Florida. In 1513, the Spanish explorer Juan Ponce de León kept the first records. Florida was the first part of the United States to be settled by Europeans. 

St. Augustine, Florida is the oldest continually occupied settlement in the United States. From 1565, it was founded by European and African-American settlers. But the site is even older as St. Augustine was built where there had been an ancient Native American village. 

In 1763, to settle the Seven Years' War, Spain gave Florida to the British Empire in return for the British giving back Cuba. Britain divided Florida into East Florida and West Florida, but gave it back to Spain in 1783 to settle the American Revolutionary War. Escaped slaves and other illegal immigrants settled there. Revolts against Spanish authority, military invasions and other problems led Spain to give the Floridas to the United States. West Florida is now mostly in the states of Mississippi and Alabama; East Florida with some of West Florida became the modern state of Florida. 

Cape flower region

The Cape flower region is a nature area near the south end of South Africa. 

The region is the smallest of the six "flower kingdoms" of the world, as recognised by Ronald Good. Its formal title is the Cape (South Africa) Floristic Region.

The region has very high diversity. Many kinds of plants are found there. Most of them are unique. There are more than 9,000 vascular plant species. Sixty-nine of them are found only there. 

Much of this diversity is because of the fynbos, a Mediterranean-type shrubland that can easily be destroyed by wildfires. The economic worth of the fynbos area may be about R77 million a year from harvests of products (like wildflowers) and from eco-tourism. The Cape flower region has both economic and biological value. It is a good place to look for many kinds of plants, insects, small animals and other creatures in nature.


Gornji Karin

Gornji Karin is a seaside resort in Croatia, Zadar County, which is located on the coast of Karin sea (Bay of the Adriatic Sea). Administratively belongs to the town of Obrovac, which is 25 km away. Gornji Karin has about 1,125 inhabitants (2011). 

Gornji Karin has several attractions. The main attraction is the spacious beach with palm and olive trees. At sea there are the water sports (water trampoline, water bicycles, etc.). For families with children there are also roundabouts near the beach. The village has several restaurants, cafes and bars.

50 km west is one of the most popular tourist destinations of Croatia - Zadar. 70 km southeast there is another attractive tourist town of . Near Gornji Karin there is a canyon of rivers Krka and Zrmanja rivers and waterfalls Bijela, natural mud and Velebit Nature Park.

Laika &amp; the Cosmonauts

Laika & the Cosmonauts were a Finnish rock band. They were named for the Soviet Union space dog, Laika.

The band's genre was surf rock. A "Boston Globe" reviewer said their sound was "far beyond the limitations of any specific genre." They played mostly Finnish "rautalanka" (instrumental traditional) music. 

Laika & the Cosmonauts were not well known in the United States. They were well-liked by many musicians. These include Mike Campbell and Benmont Tench of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Mike Palm of the band, Agent Orange, and an early surf rock musician, Dick Dale. Al Jourgensen of Ministry said they are "the best f**king band in the world." 

The band began in 1987. They still had the same members when they stopped making records in 2008. They toured the United States and Europe several times. The band also played several times on European television.

Laika & the Cosmonauts said in an email on April 23, 2008, that they were quitting after a twenty-year career. They ended with an American tour. The last shows were at the Continental Club in Austin, Texas in the autumn of 2008. A compilation album, "Cosmopolis", was released at the same time as the tour.


Jessie (2011 TV series)

Jessie is an American sitcom that originally aired on Disney Channel from September 30, 2011 to October 16, 2015. The series was created and executive produced by Pamela Eells O'Connell. It stars Debby Ryan, Peyton List, Cameron Boyce, Karan Brar, Skai Jackson and Kevin Chamberlin. In 2013, an Indian adaption of the show was made and it was called Oye Jassie.

The series follows Jessie Prescott, a young woman from a small town in Texas. She has big dreams. She moves to New York City to be an actress. She becomes a nanny for the Ross kids: Emma, Luke, Ravi and Zuri. They live in a multi-million dollar penthouse on the Upper West Side. With Bertram the butler, Tony the doorman, and the Ross kids, she has a lot of adventures.

The show went straight to series. There was no pilot. The show is taped at Hollywood Centre Studios in Los Angeles. Season 4 began production in the summer of 2014 and ended in March 2015.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>



Red kite

The red kite ("Milvus milvus") is a medium-large bird of prey in the family Accipitridae. This family also has other raptors such as eagles, buzzards, and harriers.

The species is found all over Europe and northwest Africa. It is resident in the milder parts of its range in western Europe and northwest Africa, but birds from northeastern and central Europe winter further south and west, reaching south to Turkey.

Red kites eat small mammals and carrion. They were wiped out in most of Britain, except for a few in south Wales. Farmers killed them, and so did the DDT picked up from their prey. They have made a big come-back in England and Scotland after they were recently re-introduced.

A sighting of the first red kite in London for 150 years was reported in "The Independent" newspaper in January 2006. In June 2006, the UK-based Northern Kites Project reported that kites had bred in the Derwent Valley, Tyne and Wear for the first time since the re-introduction.

Black rat snake

The black rat snake ("Pantherophis obsoletus"), also known as the western rat snake, pilot black snake, or black snake, is a kind of snake. They can grow up to eight feet in length. They are found in North America.


Downeaster

The Downeaster is the name of the Amtrak train line in Portland, Maine. There is a cafe on board.


Zip line

A zip-line (also called a zip line, zip wire, aerial runway, aerial ropeslide, death slide or Tyrolean crossing) is a device that allows a person to slide down an inclined wire or rope. The process uses gravity to propel the user. You can be stopped by dragging your feet or by water. Often a pulley is used suspended on a cable, usually made of stainless steel. Zip-lines are often used for entertainment. Some are short and low designed for children on a playground. Zip-lines are often used as a means of getting to remote areas, such as a rainforest canopy or crossing a river. 
The zip-wire has been used as a way to get around in some mountainous countries for over 2,000 years. Since the 1700s they have been used in places like Europe, China and the Himalayas. In the Australian outback, zip-lines were occasionally used for delivering food, cigarettes or tools. They were useful for people working on the other side of an obstacle such as a gully or river. Australian soldiers have used them to bring ammunition to forward positions during wars.
During World War II the United States discovered they were behind the Russians and the Germans in using parachutes to deploy soldiers quickly. In setting up training the army decided to use drop towers with zip lines to simulate a parachute landing. It was a success and has been used since that time to train airborne forces.
Costa Rica claims to be the birthplace of modern zip-line tours. Graduate students, John Williams and Donald Perry were rock-climbers who were in Costa Rica studying botanical (plants) and entomological (insects) subjects. They used their rock climbing equipment to climb trees. When they used lines to get down or move to lower trees, other students did too. Soon tours started in Costa Rica for entertainment.
Zip-line tours are becoming popular vacation activities. Some are as short as 100 feet while others may be as long as a mile. The jungles of Costa Rica, Florida, Puerto Vallarta,and Nicaragua are popular places for those interested in experiencing zip-lines. Since 2000, the number of zip-line tours in the United States has grown to over 200. Zip-line tours are not available at places such as Santa Catalina Island, Big Bear and the San Diego Zoo in California. Prices vary for the ride. The San Diego Zoo ride costs $112 (for two lines). At the Santa Paula, California KOA the cost is $10 for an 800 foot long zip-line. At Durango Colorado there are 27 zip lines totaling . The tour lasts for five hours.

In Sun City, South Africa the Zip 2000 is one of the world's longest zip lines at over in length. The world's longest zip-line tour is "Miss Sky Canopy Tour" in Nosara, Costa Rica. It runs for and is made up of 21 runs. Taihape, New Zealand has one of the fastest zip-lines (called flying foxes locally) with speeds at over .


Florida (disambiguation)

Florida is one of the states in the United States. It might also refer to:


Kelso

Kelso is a surname.


2015 Copa América

The 2015 Copa América was a football sporting event that was organized by Confederación Sudamericana de Fútbol. It was held in Chile in 2015. 12 teams took part from many countries. Chile won their first title after beating Argentina in the final on a penalty shootout after a goalless draw.

The tournament was in 9 stadiums in 8 cities.







Bill Nye–Ken Ham debate

The debate between Bill Nye and Ken Ham on the question "Is Creation A Viable Model of Origins?" was held February 4, 2014. The event took place at the Creation Museum in Petersburg, Kentucky. Ham is the founder and chief executive officer of the Young Earth creationist (YEC) ministry Answers in Genesis (AiG). He challenged Nye, science educator. Nye is best known for hosting the 1990s television series "Bill Nye the Science Guy". This happened after Ham took exception to a YouTube video. Nye was worried that a large number of people in the US do not accept the theory of evolution. Tickets to the event sold out within minutes. The televised event drew over three million viewers. Debates such as this one have been going on since Charles Darwin published "On the Origin of Species" in 1859.

Nye stepped onto the stage in front of a hostile audience. It wasn't Nye's first time debating. Since his show on PBS ended in 1998, he has been making speaking tours at colleges and universities. He has also appeared on several cable television programs. It was Ham's home turf. Ham is the head of the museum as well as the Christian outreach organization called Answers in Genesis. He argued the Bible was the ultimate authority on natural history. During the debate, Ham talked about his model of the universe's origins. Nye cited observations from a variety of scientific fields to defend the majority scientific consensus that the Earth is approximately 4.5 billion years old.

Bill Nye said that "Creation is bad for science." Ken Ham then referred to several scientists who were young earth creationists. Ham asked Nye how he could explain the laws of logic and physics in a naturalistic worldview. Ham asked Nye for an example of something that could only have been invented from an evolutionary worldview. He also showed the difference between what's called historical science and observational science. Ham gave an example of biological adaptation. He brought up "Tiktaalik" as an example of a scientific prediction. He added, "Mr. Ham and his worldview does not have this capability". Ham claimed the mainstream scientific community has made creationists afraid to speak out. He went on to say they need "scientific freedom" to speak.
Nye offered several objections to Ham's young-earth position. He stated that ice cores and tree rings show that a young earth view is wrong. Nye also offered radiometric and carbon-14 dating to show that a young earth view is wrong. Ham disagreed; he called radioactive dating "assumptions".

Many scientists were critical of Nye for accepting Ham's invitation. They claimed his participation in the debate gave Ham's views undeserved legitimacy. Two humanist groups—the American Humanist Association and the Center for Inquiry praised Nye's decision. Scientists from both camps generally agreed that Nye won the debate. However they did not agree on how convincing the victory was. Ham later announced that the publicity from the debate helped fundraising for AiG's planned Ark Encounter theme park. It allowed the ministry to begin construction.

A related book by Bill Nye, "Undeniable: Evolution and the Science of Creation", was just released. Ken Ham released a book after the debate titled "Inside the Nye Ham debate: is Creation a viable model: revealing truths from the worldview clash of the century".


Bill Nye the Science Guy

Bill Nye the Science Guy was an American live action educational science program. It originally aired from May 10, 1993 to June 20, 1998. The program was hosted by Bill Nye. It was produced by Buena Vista Television. The show aired on PBS Kids and was also syndicated to local stations. Each of the 100 half-hour episodes aims to teach a specific topic in a natural science to a preteen audience. In 1999, the program received a public service award from the National Science Board "For its masterful presentations of the sciences to the younger generation..." The show won a total of 19 Emmy Awards during the five years it was broadcast. Nye won seven Emmys for his performing, writing and producing the program. He also has been posted on Miles Nye The Science guy YouTube page.

Lake Marion (South Carolina)

Lake Marion is the largest lake in South Carolina. It is centrally located. Parts of it are in five different counties. The lake is referred to as South Carolina's inland sea. It has a shoreline. It covers almost 110,000 acres (450 square kilometers or 173.7 square miles) of rolling farmlands, former marshes, and river valley landscape.

The Santee River was dammed in the 1940s to supply hydroelectric power. This was part of the rural electrification efforts initiated under President Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal during the Great Depression. It is one of the fifty largest lakes in the United States, whether natural or man-made reservoirs. It covers only about a third of the area of the fifteenth largest in size.

Visitors can travel from Lake Marion through the Diversion Canal to Lake Moultrie. At the end of Lake Moultrie lies the 75-foot high Pinopolis Lock which will lower boaters down to the Tailrace Canal which takes you to the Cooper River and on to Charleston.

Hungry Hungry Hippos

Hungry Hungry Hippos is a tabletop game made for 2-4 players. It is made by Hasbro subsidiary Milton Bradley. The idea for the game was published in 1967 by toy inventor Fred Kroll and it was introduced in 1978. The purpose of the game is for each player to collect as many marbles as possible with his or her 'hippo' (a toy hippo model). The game is marketed under the "Elefun and Friends" banner, along with Elefun, Mouse Trap and Gator Golf.

Muhammad Najibullah

Dr. Muhammad Najibullah Ahmadzai (; August 6, 1947 – September 27, 1996), commonly known as Najibullah or Najib, was President of Afghanistan from 1987 until 1992, when the Mujahideen took over Kabul. Killed by Talibans in 1996.

Otto Grotewohl

Otto Grotewohl (German pronunciation: [ˈɔtoː ˈɡʁoːtəvoːl]; 11 March 1894 – 23 September 1964) was an (East) German politician. He was co-chairman of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) from 1946 to 1950 (together with Wilhelm Pieck), and the first prime minister of the German Democratic Republic from 1949 until his death in 1964.

On behalf of the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany (USPD) and later the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) Grotewohl was a member of the Landtag of the Free State of Brunswick from 1920 to 1930, and also a minister of the Free State of Brunswick. He was also a member of the Reichstag from 1925 to 1933.

Trap music

Trap music is a subgenre that originated during the 1990s from Reggeaton in Puerto Rico. It is typified by its ominous lyrics and sound that incorporate double or triple-time division hi-hats, heavy kick drums from a Roland TR-808 synthesizer, layered synthesizers, and "cinematic" strings. The term "trap" initially referred to places where drug deals take place. In recent years it has been incorporated with electronic dance music by artists who have remixed and made trap songs with more Electronic-like aspects, which created the genre Trap EDM.

Forest Law

Forest Law is a tekken fighter from the video game tekken series. He was introduced in Tekken 3, and he returned for Tekken Tag Tournament and its sequel. He is the son of Marshall Law. They have the same fighting style and the same moves. Like his father, Forest is friends with Paul Phoenix.

NHL 07

NHL 07 is an ice hockey video game. It was released in September 2006. It is the sequel to "NHL 06". The game improved the series' gameplay with more realistic features. Those features included stickhandling and a wider variety of controller schemes. The majority of improvements were to the Xbox 360 version. The other versions, for the PC, Xbox and PlayStation 2 only had modest improvements.

The game was nominated for the VGX Award for Best Team Sports Game.


Private company

A privately held company is a company which is not publicly listed on a stock market and consequently cannot be openly bought or sold. Often it is owned by a family or a small group of Shareholders. Private companies are often small, but some are amongst the largest companies in the world. Many public companies started life as private companies. In the United States, private companies are held to different auditing standards than are public companies. Private companies do not have to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). This makes it harder to find financial information on private companies.

Constance Jablonski

Constance Jablonski is a French model.

In 2006, she won Elite Model Look in France. She finished her studies and started modeling two years later. In 2009, she started walking fashion shows, for example for Lanvin, Gucci and Elie Saab.

Since 2010, she is a spokesmodel for Estée Lauder. Since 2010, she also walks the runway for Victoria's Secret every year.

<br>

Rebel Heart

Rebel Heart is the thirteenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna. It was her second album to be released under Interscope Records, after her previous album, "MDNA". It was released on March 10, 2015. Rebel Heart debuted at number two on the US "Billboard" 200. It contained the singles "Living for Love" and "Bitch I'm Madonna". The second song, "Bitch I'm Madonna", features Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. American disc jockey Diplo was one of the producers of the album, along with Madonna herself.

Horneophyton

Horneophyton is a genus of early Devonian fossil land plants. Its fossils are very common in the Rhynie chert. Both the sporophyte and a female gametophyte have been found as fossils. The sporophyte was about 20 cm tall, and the gametophyte was about 6 cm tall. It is not really a vascular plant. It had vascular tissue but the cells had thin walls.

"Horneophyton" had anatomy similar to the hornworts. It is also similar to the vascular plant "Rhynia" which lived at the same time. It might therefore be a missing link between the Bryophytes like hornworts and the vascular plants like "Rhynia".


Plant anatomy

Plant anatomy or phytotomy is the study of the internal structure of plants. This is usually considered distinct from plant morphology, which is the study of the external parts of plants. Plant anatomy is usually studied with a microscope.

Rem

R.E.M. or REM are initials for these things:


Iris (plant)

Iris is a genus of 260–300 species of flowering plants with showy flowers. It takes its name from the Greek word for a rainbow. This refers to the wide variety of flower colors found among the many species. The scientific name, "iris" is also very widely used as a common name for all "Iris" species, as well as some belonging to other closely related genera. It is a member of the Iridaceae family It is a popular garden flower.

Irises are hardy plants (able to survive outside during winter) that are easy to grow. They attract butterflies and hummingbirds. Irises are a favorite cut flower. The bearded irises ("Iris germanica") is the tallest at about . Irises generally have three large sepals on the outside called "falls". They have three inner petals called "standards". Irises that are called bearded are because of soft hairs growing in the center. Irises that are called combed have a ridge of hairs in the center. A common name for some species is 'flags'. Plants of the subgenus "Scorpiris" are widely known as 'junos', particularly in horticulture. 

<br>

Chris

Chris [ kris ] is a nickname or short form of various given names. These include Christopher, Christian, Christina, Christine, and Christos. The nickname is used by both males and females. Most names Chris is based on have meanings regarding Christ. For example Christopher means "bearer of Christ". It is also a name used by individuals. Chris Columbus and Chris Penn are two well known examples. It is also a name given to tropical storms, hurricanes, trademarks such as Chris-Craft Boats and other places and things. 


<br>

Royal Institution

The Royal Institution of Great Britain (usually the Royal Institution or RI) is an organisation devoted to scientific education and research, based in London.

The Royal Institution was founded in 1799 by the leading British scientists of the age, including Henry Cavendish. Its purpose was to:

Directors of the R.I. have included some of the greatest scientists, including Humphrey Davy, Michael Faraday, Sir William Henry Bragg and Sir William Lawrence Bragg, Max Perutz and John Kendrew. Fifteen Directors have won Nobel Prizes.

From 1998 to 8 January 2010, the Director of the Royal Institution was Baroness Susan Greenfield, but following a review, the position was abolished for being "no longer affordable". The Royal Institution had found itself in a financial crisis following a £22m development programme led by Greenfield, which included refurbishment of the institution's main Albemarle Street building, and the addition of a restaurant and bar with an aim to turn the venue into a "Groucho club for science". The project ended £3 million in debt.

Greenfield subsequently announced that she would be suing for discrimination.
The RI's official statement stated it would "continue to deliver its main charitable objectives under the direction of chief executive officer, Chris Rofe and a talented senior team including Professor Quentin Pankhurst, the Director of the Davy Faraday Research Laboratory, Dr Gail Cardew, the Head of Programmes and Professor Frank James, Head of Collections and Heritage". Baroness Greenfield later dropped the discrimination case.

Maria Barroso

Maria de Jesus Simões Barroso Soares, (2 May 1925 – 7 July 2015) was a Portuguese politician and actress. She was the wife of former Portuguese President Mário Soares. She served as First Lady of Portugal between 1986 and 1996.

Jerry Weintraub

Jerome Charles "Jerry" Weintraub (September 26, 1937 – July 6, 2015) was an American talent agent, concert promoter, movie producer and chairman and CEO of United Artists.

Weintraub was born in Brooklyn and raised in the Bronx. For some time, Weintraub worked at MCA Records.

His career began as a talent agent in 1974. He was known for managing many singers such as John Denver, Elvis Presley, Frank Sinatra, Neil Diamond, Bob Dylan, and the rock group Led Zeppelin.

He also produced movies, including: "Nashville" (1975), "Diner" (1982), "The Karate Kid" (1984), and the 2001 remake of "Ocean's Eleven" (2001). In 2014 he won an Emmy Award as co-producer of "Years of Living Dangerously," a television documentary about global warming. In 2011, HBO broadcast a television documentary about Weintraub's life, called "His Way".

In 1965, Weintraub married Jane Morgan, who was 13 years older than Weintraub. Together, they had four children.

Weintraub died in Santa Barbara, California from a heart attack at the age of 77.


Jane Morgan

Jane Morgan (born May 3, 1924) is an American popular music singer. Morgan was popular in France and the UK before becoming popular in the United States. She received six gold records and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. She retired in 1973.

Morgan married movie producer and talent agent, Jerry Weintraub in 1965. They had four children. Weintraub died in 2015. 

Morgan performed for French President Charles de Gaulle. She also sang for five U.S. Presidents: John F. Kennedy, Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, and George W. Bush. She toured with Jack Benny and John Raitt, and sang at the Grand Ole Opry. Two of her RCA singles hit the Billboard country charts in 1970.

Yasutaro Koide

Koide was born in Tsuruga, Japan on March 13, 1903, where he worked as a tailor, and worked in the field and was able to ride a tricycle until age 105 when he got a heatstroke and his only ambulance service, but besides that he had never been seriously ill. 

At age 107, Koide moved to Nagoya to live with his daughter. He had in total 7 children, 9 grandchildren, 14 great-grandchildren and at least one great-great-grandchild. 

At age 110, Koide could still read newspaper without glasses and eat food without dentures and said his favourite food was bread and the secret to his long life was avoiding to overdo things, and not to smoke or drink alcohol.

Koide became the world's oldest living man after the death of another Japanese man, Sakari Momoi, on 5 July 2015. In December 2015, Koide was hospitalized for chronic heart problems. He died at the hospital of pneumonia and heart failure at 0:17am on January 19, 2016. 

He was succeeded as the world's oldest living man by Yisrael Kristal and as Japan's oldest living man by Masamitsu Yoshida.

Carlo de Gavardo

Carlo Alberto de Gavardo Prohens (14 July 1969 – 4 July 2015) was a Chilean motorist and motorcyclist. He has participated in numerous rallies worldwide, including the Dakar Rally and Rallye des Pharaons. He was the first Chilean motorcyclist to run the Paris-Dakar from beginning to end.

de Gavardo died of respiratory arrest in Buin, Chile, aged 45.

Scot Breithaupt

Scot Alexander Breithaupt (July 14, 1957 – c. July 4, 2015) was an entrepreneur, "Old School" professional Motorcycle MX and Bicycle Motocross (BMX) racer and a founding father of BMX in 1970.

Breithaupt was found dead in a tent where he had been living in a vacant lot in Indio, California on July 4, 2015, aged 57.

Paul Hogan

Paul Hogan, AM (born 8 October 1940) is an Australian comedian, actor, producer. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and won a Golden Globe award for his performance as Michael "Crocodile" Dundee in ""Crocodile" Dundee" (1986).


Linda Kozlowski

Linda Kozlowski (born January 7, 1958) is an American former actress. She has been nominated for a Golden Globe Award. She is known for her role as Sue Charlton in ""Crocodile" Dundee".


Gordon Hunt

Gordon Edwynn Hunt (April 26, 1929 – December 17, 2016) was an American actor, voice actor, director of stage, movie, and voiceover and casting director.

He has directed such animated productions such as "The Jetsons", "Scooby-Doo", "Super Friends", "The Pirates of Dark Water", "Droopy, Master Detective", "Pound Puppies", "The Richie Rich Show", "The Smurfs" and many more.


Leonard Starr

Leonard Starr (October 28, 1925 – June 30, 2015) was an American cartoonist, comic book artist, and advertising artist. He was best known for creating the newspaper comic strip "On Stage" and reviving "Little Orphan Annie".


Love Me like You Do

"Love Me like You Do" is a song recorded by British recording artist Ellie Goulding. It was recorded for the movie "Fifty Shades of Grey". It reached number three on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and on the Canadian Hot 100. It was #1 on the UK Singles Chart and the charts of several other countries. The song is an electropop song. It is the fifth song on the movie's soundtrack. It was later included on Goulding's third studio album, "Delirium".

The song's music video has received over 1.7 billion views on YouTube as of March 2018.

Yung Lean

Jonatan Leandoer Håstad (born 18 July 1996) better known by his stage name Yung Lean is a Swedish rapper, singer and songwriter known for wearing bucket hats. Yung Lean released his debut (first) mixtape in 2013, titled "Unknown Death 2002". He has multiple singles on YouTube under his label Sad Boys Entertainment. These include "Ginseng Strip 2002", "Kyoto", and "Yoshi City". Lean released his debut album "Unknown Memory" during the late summer of 2014. This followed a two-month long American tour. The New York Times called him an up-and-comer in the rap world. "A 17-year-old Swedish kid can rack up millions of YouTube views and SoundCloud plays without making so much as a ripple in the mainstream hip-hop world." He seems to have made more than a ripple.

Håstad was born in Belarus. At age 3 he moved to Sweden. At first he only spoke Russian. He learned Swedish and performs in English.

Meek Mill

Robert Rahmeek Williams (born May 6, 1987), known professionally as Meek Mill is an American rapper from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was briefly signed to Atlanta-based record label Grand Hustle, owned by record executive and fellow American rapper T.I.. In February 2011, after leaving Grand Hustle, Mill signed a record deal with fellow American rapper Rick Ross' Miami-based Maybach Music Group (MMG) imprint.

Mill's debut studio album, "Dreams and Nightmares", was released in 2012, under MMG and Warner Bros. Records. The album, preceded by the single "Young & Gettin' It", debuted at number two on the US "Billboard" 200. He has also appeared on MMG's "Self Made" compilation series, with his debut single "Tupac Back" and second single "Ima Boss", being included on volume one.

In October 2012, Meek Mill announced the launching of his own imprint, Dream Chasers Records, named after his popular mixtape series. He also revealed having already signed several fellow Philadelphia-based rappers in 2012.

Developmentalism

The Developmentalism is an economic theory. It says that the best way for third world countries to develop is through a strong and varied internal market and by having high tariffs on imported goods.

Developmentalism is based on the assumptions that:



Jim Gilmore

James Stuart "Jim" Gilmore III (born October 6, 1949) is an American politician. He was the United States Ambassador to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe from July 2019 until January 2021. He was the 68th Governor of Virginia from 1998 to 2002. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Gilmore ran for President of the United States in 2008, but lost the primaries to John McCain. Gilmore announced his launch for his 2016 United States presidential campaign on July 30, 2015. He withdrew after poor polling numbers on February 12, 2016.

In November 2018, Gilmore was nominated by President Donald Trump to serve as the U.S. Representative to United States Mission to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe. His nomination was confirmed by a voice vote of the U.S. Senate on May 23, 2019.

Gilmore was born in Richmond, Virginia. His parents were Margaret Evelyn (née Kandle), a church secretary, and James Stuart Gilmore, Jr., a grocery store meat cutter. He graduated from John Randolph Tucker High School and received an undergraduate degree from the University of Virginia in 1971.

Gilmore was elected Commonwealth's Attorney of his native Henrico County in 1987 and 1991, and then was first elected to statewide office in 1993 as Virginia's Attorney General. Gilmore resigned in 1997 to run for Governor, also joining the law firm of LeClairRyan as a partner.

Gilmore was elected Governor of Virginia in 1997, winning 56% of the vote to Beyer's 43%. He was inaugurated on January 17, 1998.

In his first year as Governor, Gilmore pushed for car tax reduction legislation that was eventually passed by the Democratic-controlled General Assembly. Gilmore signed an executive order reducing state spending by all agencies, except for education, to keep the state's budget balanced during the economic downturn.

In 1999, Gilmore proposed and signed into law legislation that reduced tuitions at public colleges and universities by 20%. Gilmore created the nation's first state Secretary of Technology. As Governor, Gilmore signed into law legislation establishing a 24-hour waiting period and informed consent for women seeking an abortion, as well as a ban against partial birth abortion.

The Virginia Constitution forbids any Governor from serving consecutive terms, so Gilmore could not run for a second term in 2001. He was succeeded by Democrat Mark Warner, who took office in early 2002.

In the November election, Gilmore was defeated, winning only 34 percent of the vote to Warner's 65 percent. Gilmore only carried four counties in the state – Rockingham, Augusta, Powhatan and Hanover. In many cases, he lost in many areas of the state that are normally reliably Republican.

On December 19, 2006, Gilmore announced he would form an exploratory committee to "fill the conservative void" in the race. On January 9, 2007, Gilmore officially filed papers with the Federal Election Commission to form the Jim Gilmore for President Exploratory Committee.

On July 14, 2007, Gilmore announced that he was ending his campaign. Gilmore said that it would be "impractical" to run, citing the difficulty of raising enough money to be competitive in early-voting states of Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina.

Gilmore announced that he would run for president in his second presidential campaign for the 2016 presidential election on July 30, 2015. His campaign was headquartered in Henrico, Virginia. He withdrew after the New Hampshire primary due to poor debate and polling performances on February 12, 2016.

Gilmore was considered for the position of United States Ambassador to Germany by the Trump Administration, but ultimately not chosen. In November 2018, Gilmore was nominated as the next U.S. Representative to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe with the rank of ambassador. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on May 23, 2019. He was sworn-in on July 2, 2019.

Gilmore has been married to Roxane Gatling since 1977. Together, they have two sons.


Volga Germans

Volga Germans ( or "Russlanddeutsche", , "povolzhskie nemtsy") were ethnic Germans living along the Volga River. They kept the culture, language, traditions and religions of Germans, including Lutheranism and Roman Catholicism.

Catherine the Great invited Germans to immigrate. She gave them Russian lands, and allowed them to keep their language and culture.

The Autonomous Socialist Soviet Republic of the Volga Germans (; ) existed from 1924 to 1942 with the capital in Engels.

Germans from Russia also settled in Argentina, Paraguay, and Brazil. Most Volga Germans who settled in Latin America were Catholic. Many Catholic Volga Germans chose South America as their new homeland because the nations in South America shared their religion.


Bob Ehrlich

Robert Leroy "Bob" Ehrlich, Jr. (born November 25, 1957) is an American attorney and Republican politician. He served as the 60th Governor of Maryland from 2003 to 2007.


Oestrone

Oestrone is an oestrogen. It is produced by the ovaries or by adipose tissue. It can be made artificially, and is used to treat deficiency of oestrogen and breast cancer.

Cookiecutter shark

The cookiecutter shark ("Isistius brasiliensis") is a species of small dogfish shark in the family Dalatiidae. This shark, also called the cigar shark, lives in warm, oceanic waters around the world. It often lives near islands. It has been recorded as deep as .

The name "cookiecutter shark" refers to its biting. It takes round plugs, as if cut out with a cookie cutter, out of larger animals. Marks made by cookiecutter sharks have been found on many marine mammals and fishes, as well as on submarines, undersea cables, and even human bodies. 

Ágnes Osztolykán

Ágnes Osztolykán (born 3 November 1974) is a Hungarian of Roma Background, politician an activist for the Roma people. She was in the National Assembly of Hungary from 2010 to 2014. In 2011, she received International Women of Courage Award from the United States Department of State. 

Osztolykán studied at the University of Miskolc. She graduated in 1998 with a degree in political science. Then she worked for the Soros Foundation. She was head of the Decade of Roma Inclusion Program at the Ministry of Social Affairs and Labor for six years. 

She went to Parliament in 2010. She was a member of the parliamentary group of Lehet Más a Politika (LMP), or Politics Can Be Different Party. On 26 November 2012, she became deputy leader of the LMP parliamentary group.

Osztolykán is an activist for Romani children's education, Roma and minority rights, and the Roma in Hungary. She works for vocational training which helps students get jobs. She also works as a volunteer teacher at a Roma vocational school in Budapest’s poorer Eighth District.



Roza Otunbayeva

Roza Isakovna Otunbayeva (Kyrgyz and Russian: Роза Исаковна Отунбаева; born August 23, 1950) is a Kyrgyz diplomat and politician. She was President of Kyrgyzstan from April 7, 2010 until December 1, 2011. In 2011 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State. 

Otunbayeva was born in Frunze (now Bishkek), in Kyrgyzstan in the Soviet Union. She got a degree in philosophy from Moscow State University in 1972. Then she was a senior professor and head of the philosophy department at Kyrgyz State National University for six years. In 1975 she got a Candidate of Sciences degree after writing a dissertation named "Critique of falsification of Marxist-Leninist dialectic by the philosophers of Frankfurt school".

Otunbayeva is divorced and has two children. She speaks Russian, English, German, and French in addition to Kyrgyz.

In 1981, Otunbayeva became a secretary of the Lenin council of Frunze. In the late 1980s, she was the head of the Soviet delegation to UNESCO in Paris. Later she was the Soviet Ambassador to Malaysia. When Kyrgyzstan became independent, she was the Foreign Minister and Deputy Prime Minister, then she was Kyrgyzstan's first ambassador to the USA and Canada. From 1998 to 2001, she was the Kyrgyz ambassador to the United Kingdom. From 2002 to 2004, she was deputy head of the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia. On April 7, 2010, Otunbayeva became the head of a Kyrgyz interim government.


Peter Záboji

Peter (Balazs) Záboji (25 December 1943 – 3 July 2015) was a Hungarian investor and entrepreneur. He has contributed significantly to the development of start up businesses in Budapest and received the highest civil recognition from the president of Hungary.

John A. Williams

John Alfred Williams (December 5, 1925 – July 3, 2015) was an African-American author, journalist, and academic. His novel "The Man Who Cried I Am" was a bestseller in 1967.

Williams was born in Jackson, Mississippi. He studied at Syracuse University. Williams died in Paramus, New Jersey from Alzheimer's disease, aged 89.

Irwin Keyes

Irwin Keyes (March 16, 1952 – July 8, 2015) was an American actor He was known for his role as Hugo in the television series "The Jeffersons".

Keyes' family announced his death on July 8, 2015. He was 63 years old. Keyes died from acromegaly. 

Fons van Wissen

Fons van Wissen (21 March 19337 July 2015) was a Dutch football player.

He made his debut for the Netherlands in an April 1957 friendly match against Belgium and has earned a total of 30 caps, scoring 4 goals. He represented his country in 4 FIFA World Cup qualification matches.

Mitraillette

A Mitraillette (, literally "submachine gun"), is a type of food from Belgium. It might come from Brussels, but is also popular in Flanders, Wallonia and the Nord region of France, where it is also known as an ""Américain"" (literally an "American").

A typical "mitraillette" consists of:


Crudités are often included (grated carrot, fresh lettuce, tomato slices), though different in each location. Cheese and cabbage are also sometimes included.

Originally "mitraillettes" only contained a sausage or sliced meat. Different versions quickly became available. Often, dürüms are served instead in more multicultural areas.

Richard Shelby

Richard Shelby (born May 6, 1934) is an American politician. He was the United States Senator from Alabama from 1987 to 2023. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 1987. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1979 to 1987.

Shelby was born on May 6, 1934 in Birmingham, Alabama. He graduated from the University of Alabama. Shelby Hall at the University of Alabama is the largest science facility in the US. It was finished in 2004 and named for Shelby and his wife. He is married to Dr. Annette N. Shelby. They have two children.

Shelby said he would retire in 2022 and not run to be elected again. 

<br>

Mahogany

Mahogany is a hard tropical wood from the Americas. It was discovered by Europeans early in the 16th century (~1514). The wood comes from a tree, "Swietenia mahagoni". The tree is native to southern Florida and islands in the Caribbean including the Bahamas, Cuba, Jamaica, and Hispaniola.

At first, mahogany was used by the Spanish and English to build ships. 
Mark Catesby's "Natural History" explains why: 
"[Mahogany] has properties for that use excelling oak, and all other wood, viz. durableness, resisting gunshots, and burying the shot without splintering".

The second use for mahogany was to make furniture. The Spanish were first to do this, but in the 18th and early 19th century it was much used by English workshops. This period is called "Age of Mahogany". Also much furniture in mahogany was made in France and other European countries.

It has a few special characteristics that make mahogany a helpful wood. It is strong and durable but easy to bend so is especially helpful for carpenters. Mahogany trees, although endangered, grow very tall and are so may be cut into large sheets. Also, mahogany is resistant to stains.

Richard Burr

Richard Burr (born November 30, 1955) is an American politician. He was the United States Senator from North Carolina from 2005 to 2023. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1995 to 2005. Burr was the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee. He succeeded Dianne Feinstein as chairman in January 2015.

In July 2016, Burr said that he would not run for re-election in 2022.

Burr was born on November 30, 1955 in Charlottesville, Virginia. He graduated from the Wake Forest University. He is married to Brooke Fauth. They have two children.

On February 13, 2021 Burr voted that former President Donald Trump was guilty of starting the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol. He and six other Republican senators also voted that Trump was guilty. This was after the House of Representatives Second impeachment of Donald Trump. 


Judd Gregg

Judd Gregg (born February 14, 1947) is an American politician. He was a United States Senator from the state of New Hampshire. Before becoming a U.S. Senator, he was Governor of New Hampshire from 1989 to 1993.

Gregg was born on February 14, 1947 in Nashua, New Hampshire. He studied at Columbia University and at Boston University School of Law. He is married to Kathleen MacLellan Gregg. They have two children.

Mike Lamb

Michael Robert Lamb (born August 9, 1975) is an American former professional baseball third baseman and first baseman. Lamb stands and weighs .

<br>

The Highwaymen (country supergroup)

The Highwaymen were a Country music supergroup. It included four of the biggest stars at the time. All were well known for their ing influence on the outlaw country genre. These included Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Kris Kristofferson. The group was active between 1985 and 1995. All four had worked together before in various combinations. Their first single, "Highwayman," went to number one on the country charts. The album of the same name on Columbia Records also hit number one on the country album charts.

Between the years of 1997 and 1999, Nelson, Kristofferson, Cash, and Jennings also provided the voice and dramatization for the "Louis L'Amour Collection". This was a four CD box set of seven Louis L'Amour stories published by the HighBridge Company. But the four were not credited as "The Highwaymen" in this work. Only one other recording artist ever appeared on a Highwaymen recording: Johnny Rodriguez. He provided a Spanish vocal on 'Deportee', a Woody Guthrie song, from "Highwayman".

James Tate (writer)

James Vincent Tate (December 8, 1943 – July 8, 2015) was an American poet whose work earned him the Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Award. He was a professor of English at the University of Massachusetts Amherst and a member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters.


Yoash Tzidon

Yoash "Chatto" Tzidon, , (November 28, 1926 – July 8, 2015) was an Israeli former Air Force commander and politician.

He joined the Movement for Greater Israel, and later the Tzomet party. He was elected to the Knesset in 1988 on the Tzomet list, and was one of the instigators of the law that led to direct elections for the Prime Minister. He lost his seat in the 1992 elections.

Saud bin Faisal

Saud bin Faisal bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (), also known as Saud Al Faisal (‎; 2 January 1940 – 9 July 2015), was a Saudi diplomat and statesman. He served as Saudi Arabia's foreign minister from 1975 to 2015.

By the time of his retirement, he was the world's longest-serving foreign minister. He was a member of the Saudi royal family.

Saud died on 9 July 2015 from complications from Parkinson's disease after going through surgery in Los Angeles, California at the age of 75.

Caspar Bowden

Caspar Bowden (died July 2015) was a privacy advocate, formerly chief privacy adviser at Microsoft. Styled as "an independent advocate for information privacy rights, and public understanding of privacy research in computer science", he was on the Tor anonymous service network board of directors.

Ken Stabler

Kenneth Michael "Ken" Stabler (December 25, 1945 – July 8, 2015), nicknamed "The Snake," was an American football quarterback in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Oakland Raiders (1970–1979), Houston Oilers (1980–1981) and New Orleans Saints (1982–1984). He played college football for the University of Alabama.


Mark Everson

Mark Whitty Everson (born September 10, 1954) is an American politician. He served as the 46th Commissioner of Internal Revenue from 2003 until 2007.

On March 5, 2015, Everson announced his intention to seek the Republican Party's nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 Presidential election. He launched his bid with a video and sixteen page open letter in which he laid out six primary issues. He withdrew from the race on November 5, 2015.

Death hoax

A death hoax is a false report of someone's death.

In some cases, it might be because the person has faked their own death on purpose. In some cases they are mistakes while in most cases, they are intentional. Hoaxes are designed to play on other people's emotions. Sometimes, a death hoax is designed to be a practical joke; however, most are to give the person starting the rumor a sense of power over their victims.

There are often consequences when the person who started the hoax is discovered. The news media has to be especially careful of hoaxes, including death hoaxes. While some people will believe anything, most people resent being tricked. However, it depends on how the story is handled: For example, a death hoax ran in Canadian papers about a hard-drinking, hard-swearing Carcross Parrot who had just died; most forgave the writers since the story was published on April Fools' Day.

Mark Twain is one of the most famous people to be the subject of a death hoax. In his case, the newspapers were just careless. This is when he uttered his famous quote, "The report of my death was an exaggeration." It has often been misquoted as "reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated". 

Absolute truth

Absolute truth is a statement that is true at all times and in all places. It is something that is always true no matter what the circumstances. It is a fact that cannot be changed. For example, there are no round squares. There are also no square circles. The angles of a triangle add up to 180 degrees. These are all true by definition. Very similar are the propositions of Euclid, because they are proved once the axioms are accepted. One way or another, these are all truths because they are logically true.

According to Martin Luther (the reformer), "I shall never be a heretic; I may err in dispute, but I do not wish to decide anything finally; on the other hand, I am not bound by the opinions of men." This means that if truth is not absolute it is not truth at all. Interestingly enough, Aristotle states that, “The high-minded man must care more for the truth than for what people think.” According to him, if we consider ourselves to be wise individuals, our concern should be to find the truth not to submit to opinions. 

"In two national surveys conducted by Barna Research, one among adults and one among teenagers, people were asked if they believe that there are moral absolutes that are unchanging or that moral truth is relative to the circumstances. By a 3-to-1 margin (64% vs. 22%) adults said truth is always relative to the person and their situation. The perspective was even more lopsided among teenagers, 83% of whom said moral truth depends on the circumstances, and only 6% of whom said moral truth is absolute." 

Absolute truths are different to empirical truths. All the findings of science are empirical: based on evidence, and even if they are true in this world they don't need to be so in all the other possible worlds; they might also be wrong or incomplete due to lack of sufficient evidence. On the other hand, absolute truths might be based on , which are true by definition of their axioms.

Deb Fischer

Deb Fischer (born March 1, 1951 in Lincoln, Nebraska) is the United States Senator from Nebraska. She is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 2013. Fischer is the senior senator from Nebraska. She was in the Nebraska Legislature from 2005 to 2013.

Fischer graduated from the University of Nebraska–Lincoln with a Bachelor of Science degree. She is married to Bruce Fischer. They have three children.


Steve Koven

Steve Koven is a Canadian Jazz pianist and member of the Steve Koven Trio. Steve Koven is a composer, performer and educator. In 1993 Steve started the Steve Koven Trio. He performs worldwide with his trio. Koven also performs solo piano concerts throughout North America, Europe and the Caribbean. After nine albums with his trio, Koven has gone solo. 

Dozens of Koven’s compositions have been licensed for national and international film and television productions. As an educator, Koven has been teaching in the Faculty of Music at York University since 2003. He teaches Contemporary Improvisation and Jazz Piano. Koven also teaches Music at Toronto's Centennial College. He holds a Masters in Music Composition. Koven has presented master classes and clinics in China, Japan, Colombia, Barbados, Bahamas and Mexico.

Steve lives in Toronto with his wife Lee-Anne.

First Peoples (TV program)

First Peoples is a 2015 television documentary about the first people on the continents of the Earth. The five-part PBS series covers each continent or group of continents one at a time. The focus is on very recent work in paleogenomics (the study of genomes from very long ago). It was produced by Wall to Wall Television. The series challenges the East African origin theory of modern man showing there were other origins in other parts of Africa.

A two-disk DVD of the documentary was made in 2015. 



Oestradiol

Oestradiol, E2, is an oestrogen, a steroidal hormone secreted by the ovaries. It is a main female hormone. Oestradiol regulates female characteristics, the maturation of female sex organs and the oestrus and menstrual cycle. It stimulates the production of mammary glands.

The serum concentrations of oestradiol and other female hormones change during the menstrual cycle. During gestation there is a high serum concentrations of oestradiol, E3. During menopause, oestrone has the higher concentration.

Oestradiol and oestrone can interchange. Oestradiol has a big effect on bone formation. Women past menopause have an accelerated loss of bone because they have less oestrogen.

Oestradiol also has some functions in males. Its serum concentration in men is < 35 pg/mL, level equivalent to that seen in post-menopausal women.

Chicken soup

Chicken soup is a soup made with chicken. The chicken is simmered in water. Classic chicken soups are made of clear broth. There are usually pieces of chicken and vegetables. There can also be grains, pasta or dumplings.

Chicken soup is thought to be a remedy for colds and influenza. In many countries, it is considered a comfort food.

Archer (TV series)

Archer is an American adult animated black comedy, action adventure television series. It is about a secret agent whose boss is his mother. 
The series airs on FX. A preview for the series aired on September 17, 2009. The first season started on January 14, 2010. Aisha Tyler plays Lana. Jessica Walter plays Malory Archer.

This television series has a rating of TV-MA, usually for foul language and violence. Sometimes there is also nudity.

Ghulam Sughra

Ghulam Sughra is a human rights activist in Pakistan. She is the head of the "Marvi Rural Development Organization" (MRDO). In 2011 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.

Sughra was born in Sindh Province in Pakistan. She was married at the age of 12. Six years later, she was the first woman in her village to divorce. When she tried to go to school, her brothers beat her. So she studied at home. Sughra became the first girl in her village to finish secondary school. Later she was the first teacher in the first school for girls.

Ghulam Sughra started the Marvi Rural Development Organization (MRDO) in her village. The MRDO works for education, health, and human rights. It also loans money for women to start small businesses.



Vanda

Vanda is a genus in the orchid family ("Orchidaceae").

It is one of the most important orchids, with about fifty species. The genus is very highly prized in horticulture for its showy, fragrant, long lasting, and intensely colorful flowers.

Vanda is widespread across East Asia, Southeast Asia, and New Guinea, with a few species extending into Queensland and some of the islands of the western Pacific. The genus is sometimes abbreviated as V. in the flower trade.
It belongs to angiosperm.



Adipocyte

An adipocyte, also called a fat cell, is a cell in loose connective tissue, which is specialized for the synthesis and storage of fat. This tissue is called adipose tissue.

Bridgewater, Nova Scotia

Bridgewater is a town in Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia, Canada. The LaHave River runs through the town. Bridgewater is the largest town in the South Shore region. A lot of the South Shore's economy is based on tourism. Bridgewater is also a commercial and industrial center. One of the main employers is a Michelin tire plant. The town was named after the bridge built over the LaHave River.

The first house in Bridgewater was built in 1812 by Ralph Hotchkiss. The town was incorporated in 1899. This was shortly after a fire in Bridgewater which burned the entire downtown area. For much of the 20th century, the town's economy depended on forestry. There was a large wood mill in the center of town. The Nova Scotia Central Railway and later the Halifax and Southwestern Railway had a central hub at Bridgewater. The "Acadia Marine Engine Company" was based in Bridgewater. It made engines for fishing boats.

Erik von Detten

Erik Thomas von Detten (born October 3, 1982) is an American actor and voice actor.

He is known for his roles as Danny in the television movie, "Escape to Witch Mountain", the voice of the toy-destroyer Sid Phillips in "Toy Story", Andy Brinker in the Disney Channel original movie "Brink!", Josh Bryant in "The Princess Diaries", Chris Savage in the television series, "Complete Savages", and Clu Bell in the television series, "So Weird".



Christian Audigier

Christian Audigier (; May 21, 1958 – July 9, 2015) was a French fashion designer and entrepreneur. He worked for Ed Hardy and Von Dutch. Audigier was born in Avignon, France.

Audigier died in Los Angeles, California from myelodysplastic syndrome, aged 57.

Roger Rees

Roger Rees (5 May 1944 – 11 July 2015) was a Welsh-American actor. He was known for his stage work. He won an Olivier Award and a Tony Award for his performance as the lead in "The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby". 

He also received Obie Awards for his role in "The End of the Day" and as co-director of "Peter and the Starcatcher".

He was widely known to American television audiences for playing the characters Robin Colcord in "Cheers" and Lord John Marbury in "The West Wing".

Rees was born in Aberystwyth, Wales. Rees became a naturalised United States citizen in 1989. He converted to Judaism in the 1980s. Rees was married to his husband, writer/producer Rick Elice, from 2011 until Rees' death.

Rees died of brain cancer at his home in New York City, aged 71.


Yoani Sanchez

Yoani María Sánchez Cordero (born September 4, 1975) is a Cuban blogger. She writes criticism about the difficulties of life for people living in Cuba under its current government. Her blog, "Generation Y", is in 17 languages. She received many international awards for her blog. In November 2009, U.S. President Barack Obama, wrote that her blog "provides the world a unique window into the realities of daily life in Cuba" and applauded her efforts to "empower fellow Cubans to express themselves through the use of technology." In 2011, she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

Yoani Sánchez was born September 4, 1975, in Havana, Cuba. Her father is William Sánchez. Her mother is Maria Eumelia Cordero. Her father worked for the railroad. Later, when Cuba's national railroads had problems, he worked to fix bicycles. When Sanchez was in primary school, Cuba was rich, because it received money from the Soviet Union. Later, when Sanchez was in high school and university, the Soviet Union had problems, Cuba lost the money, and Cuba's culture changed. 

Sanchez went to high school in the countryside". She wrote: "I left high school in the countryside feeling that nothing belonged to me, not even my body. Living in shelters creates the sensation that your whole life, your privacy, your personal possessions and even your nakedness has become public property." Sanchez decided she wanted privacy. 

For two years, Sánchez went to the university at Instituto Pedagógico. She studied Spanish literature. Then she went to the Faculty of Arts and Letters in 1995. She got a degree in Hispanic philology and a specialty in contemporary Latin American literature. 

In 2000, Sanchez worked for Editorial Gente Nueva, a publisher of children's books. Then Sanchez worked as a Spanish teacher for German tourists in Havana." 

In 2002, Sánchez went to Switzerland. Two years later, she went back to Cuba. Back in Cuba, Sánchez started the magazine "Consenso", later named "Contodos". Sánchez is also involved with the digital magazine "Convivencia".

In 2007, Sánchez went to the "debate of the intellectuals", a conference at the House of The Americas. It was a discussion among intellectuals about Cuba’s culture. But Sanchez and others were not allowed inside, so they wrote emails. The emails became the digital magazine "Contodos" This was the reason Sánchez started her blog, Generation Y. 

In November 2008, Sánchez was invited to write her blog entries on "The Huffington Post".



Nasta Palazhanka

Nasta Palazhanka (Russian: Наста Палажанка) is an activist in Belarus. In 2011, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U. S. State Department.

Palazhanka became part of the youth movement in Belarus at the age of 14. In 2011 she became the Deputy Chairperson of the Malady Front (Young Front), an NGO in Belarus. She worked for freedom and human rights in Belarus, in spite of threats, harassment, and imprisonment.

In September 2011, she was engaged to another Young Front activist, Zmitser Dashkevich. They got married in December 2012, when Palazhanka visited him in Hrodno prison.

In July 2022, Nasta and Zmitser Dashkevich were sentenced for participating in the 2020 protests.


Shukria Asil

Shukria Asil is an Afghan women's rights activist. In 2010 she received the International Women of Courage Award 

In 2009, Asil saved the jobs of three women teachers in Baghlan. They lost their jobs when the Ministry of Education wrote bad information about them. 

In 2010 Asil was one of four women in the Baghlan Provincial Council. In 2012 she was the head of the Baghlan Provincial Culture and Information Department. 

Asil also helped a girl who was gang-raped. The girl's family would not accept her. Asil helped the family get together, although the governor of the province said it was not a good idea. She also worked for women's rights, made groups for women, and worked for women's driving schools and education for young girls. She received threats of kidnapping and death for her work. She also had to change her address because of the threats. 


Daniel Quinn (actor)

Daniel Quinn (August 19, 1956 – July 4, 2015) is an American actor. He is known for his television roles on "The Young and the Restless", police series "Hunter", and independent drama "twentysixmiles".

Alan Walton

Alan Walton (April 3, 1936 – July 4, 2015) was a British biochemist. He was Chairman of Oxford Bioscience Corporation. He served on numerous Boards of Directors. Walton was an important figure in the development and funding of the Human Genome Project.

Jim Bede

James R. "Jim" Bede (17 April 1933 – 9 July 2015) was an American aircraft designer. He designed well over a dozen aircraft since the 1960s, but a string of business failures have kept most of these designs out of widespread use.

Bede died of an aneurysm in Cleveland, Ohio, aged 82.

Cheng Siwei

Cheng Siwei (June 1935 – 12 July 2015) was a Chinese politician and economist. He was the Chairman of China Soft Science Research Association; President of the Chinese Society for Management Modernization; Director of the Research Center on Fictitious Economy and Data Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences; Dean of the School of Management of the Graduate University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences; and Honorary President of East China University of Science and Technology. 

Siwei died on the morning of 12 July 2015 at the age of 80.

Giacomo Biffi

Giacomo Biffi (13 June 1928 – 11 July 2015) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop Emeritus of Bologna, having served as archbishop there from 1984 to 2003. He was elevated to the cardinalate in 1985.

Johnny Kemp

Jonathan "Johnny" Kemp (2 August 1959 – 16 April 2015) was a Bahamian singer-songwriter and record producer. He began singing at nightclubs in the Bahamas at 13. In 1979, he moved to New York City, New York in the United States and later signed with Columbia Records. His best known song is "Just Got Paid", which he got a Grammy Award nomination.

Kemp was born in Nassau. He was married and had two sons.

Kemp was found dead on 16 April 2015 on a beach in Montego Bay, St. James, Jamaica. He was 55 and is believed to have fallen, hit his head on some rocks and drowned.

Cubans

Cubans are an ethnic group and nation native to Cuba. According to the official 2012 National Census, the majority of Cubans (64.1 per cent) are white, 26.6 per cent are mestizo (mixed race) or mulatto and 9.3 per cent are black.

Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa

Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa, GCB, GCMG (; 3 June 1933 – 6 March 1999) was the 1st emir of Bahrain from 1961 until his death. Born in Jasra, he became emir upon the death of his father, Salman ibn Hamad.

The emir died of a heart attack. He was succeeded by his son, Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa.

Wheelspin

Wheelspin is the practice of making wheels lose traction on a road surface. This can occur in manual transmission cars when the clutch is released too quickly while accelerating. This can happen when pulling away from stop. 

How to do a Wheelspin in a manual car

This should result in a wheelspin

Aglaophyton

Aglaophyton is a genus of early Devonian fossil land plants. Its fossils have been found in the Rhynie chert. Only the sporophyte generation have been found as fossils. Only one species has been found, "Aglaophyton major".

"Aglaophyton" was at first thought to be a species of the vascular plant genus "Rhynia" which lived at the same time. Later it was discovered that it is not really a vascular plant. It had vascular tissue, but the cells had thin walls. It might therefore be a missing link between the Bryophytes and "Horneophyton" and the vascular plants like "Rhynia".

In 2004, Crane et al. published a cladogram which has "Aglaophyton" as the sister group of the vascular plants.


Amy Yang

Amy Yang (born July 28, 1989) also known as Yang Hee-Young is a Korean professional golfer. She plays on the United States-based Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA) tour and on the Ladies European Tour (LET). Since turning professional at age 17, she has six professional wins.

Yang began playing golf at age 10. She moved to Australia with her family at age 15 to play golf. In 2005 she won the "Queensland Amateur Championship", the youngest ever of that championship. In 2006, while still an amateur she won the ANZ Ladies Masters on the Ladies European Tour. Yang was also the youngest winner ever on the LET at age 16 years, 6 months and 18 days. She was given an exception to join the LET at age 17. Yang qualified for the LGPA on her first attempt. 

<br>

Church Saint-Paul-Saint-Louis

Church Saint-Paul-Saint-Lous (also known as Église Saint-Paul-Saint-Louis) is a church located in the 4th arrondissement in Paris. It was constructed from 1627 to 1641, by Jesuit architects Étienne Martellange and François Derand. It is also called Saint-Louis-des-Jésuites. Louis XIII commissioned it to be built.

Scott Walker 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Scott Walker, the 45th Governor of Wisconsin, was announced at an event in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on July 13, 2015. The scheduling of an announcement event was made public on July 2, two weeks after the formation of a "testing the waters" fundraising committee.

Two weeks before his announcement, he formed a "testing the waters" fundraising committee to see if running for President is a good idea.

On July 2nd, Walker started a countdown by posting a slice of his presidential campaign logo on Instagram, with eight more pieces to come in the days ahead. He also tweeted an image of himself waving next to an American flag with the message "It begins."

On July 10, then-Governor Walker's official Twitter account tweeted a premature presidential announcement, which is being investigated by Twitter.

On September 21, 2015, Walker suspended his campaign after low polling numbers.

Gamil Ratib

Gamil Ratib (جميل راتب, November 28, 1926 – September 19, 2018) was an Egyptian actor. He was known for his roles in "Lawrence of Arabia", "Poussière de diamant", and in "The Aquarium". 

Ratib was born in Cairo, Egypt. He died in Cairo on September 19, 2018 at the age of 91.

Peterson

Peterson is a common English language surname. It means "Son of Peter". There are over 700 different spellings of the name. The form "Peterson" may have also come from the Danish form "Petersen".


Rhopalostylis sapida

"Nīkau" is a Māori word. In the languages of the Pacific tropics, it means the leaves of a coconut palm. 

The Maori had many uses for the nīkau palm. The bases of the inner leaves and the young flowers were eaten raw or cooked. Food was wrapped in the leaves for cooking. The old tough leaves were used to make baskets, floor rugs and waterproof thatched roofs for buildings.

The nīkau palm lives along the coast and lowland forests on the North Island and on the South Island. It lives where there is humidity. It is the world's most southern palm at 44° 18'S latitude.

The nīkau grows tall with a wide, green trunk which has grey-green leaf scars. The trunk is topped by a smooth, bulging crown of fronds (leaves). The flowers are coloured lilac to pink. The fruit is circular or oblong and is red when ripe. The nīkau has flowers between November and April (summer). The fruit ripens from February to November and is a favourite food for the native wood pigeon.

The nīkau makes an excellent potted plant, and is quite healthy. It is slow-growing. It grows easily from a seed if the fruit is soaked in water for a few days and then gently scrubbed to remove the skin. The seed will then germinate in sealed plastic bags in part shade. Later, they can be planted in deep pots. 

The nīkau lives well in cool temperatures. In New Zealand, it does not get exposed to freezing weather. It can survive a few degrees of frost. It is hurt most by a sudden large drop in temperature even above freezing. It does well in areas with a mild Mediterranean climate.


CNN Chile

CNN Chile is the Chilean version of CNN international. It was founded on December 4, 2008. It broadcasts 24 hours a day nationwide in Chile. It was originally a joint venture between VTR Chile and WarnerMedia. The channel is based in Santiago, Chile.

It is the local version of popular TV news channel CNN, which had previously shown interest in the Chilean market when it covered the 2005 presidential elections through CNN en Español.




Great Stink

The Great Stink was in central London in July and August 1858. During hot weather the smell of untreated faeces was overpowering.

It was caused by untreated human waste in the River Thames, and on its banks. An ageing and inadequate sewer system emptied directly into the Thames.

The bad air was thought to transmit contagious diseases. There were three outbreaks of cholera before the Great Stink was blamed on the problems with the river. A proposal from the civil engineer Joseph Bazalgette for sewage treatment was finally accepted.

Cracked Rear View

Cracked Rear View is the major-label debut album by Hootie & the Blowfish. It was released on July 5, 1994 by Atlantic Records.

"Cracked Rear View" is Hootie & the Blowfish's most successful album. It was the highest-selling album of 1995, with 10.5 million shipments that year alone. It eventually shipped 16 million copies by March 31, 1999. "Cracked Rear View" reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 five times during 1995. The album also reached number one in Canada and New Zealand. Three million copies were sold through the Columbia House mail-order system.

Critical reviews of "Cracked Rear View" were mostly positive. The Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine gave it four and a half stars out of five. He wrote that it was "the success story of 1994/1995." He also said, "Although Hootie & the Blowfish aren't innovative, they deliver the goods. They turned out an album of solid, rootsy folk-rock songs that have simple, powerful hooks."

Paddington

Paddington is a location in the London borough of City of Westminster, in central London. It has a train station called Paddington station.


Tenzin Delek Rinpoche

Lithang Tulku Tenzin Delek Rinpoche or Tenzing Deleg (1950 – 12 July 2015) was a Tibetan Buddhist leader from Garze, Sichuan. He was born in Lithang, Tibet. He was arrested on April 7, 2002 during a raid on Jamyang Choekhorling in Garze, Sichuan, China. He was accused of being involved in a bomb attack on April 3, 2002 on the central square of Sichuan's provincial capital, Chengdu. He was sentenced to life imprisonment. He died in prison in Chengdu. 

Philipp Mißfelder

Philipp Mißfelder (August 25, 1979 – July 13, 2015) was a German politician and a member of the Bundestag. From January through March 2014 he served in the German government as the Coordinator for Transatlantic Cooperation in the Field of Intersocietal Relations, Cultural and Information Policy.

2015 Pan American Games

The 17th Pan American Games were held from July 10 to July 26, 2015 in Toronto, Canada.

Over 6,000 athletes from 41 countries. They competed in 36 sports.


1951 Pan American Games

The 1st version of the Pan American Games was held in 1951 in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Over 2,500 athletes from 21 countries competed in 20 sports.

Paddington (disambiguation)

Paddington is an area in the London borough of City of Westminster. It may also mean:


Anderson (name)

Anderson [an-der-suhn] is both a first name and a family name. In Scotland, the name first appeared in records of the 14th century as "Fitz Andreu" (it means "son of Andrew"). Anderson is one of the most common family names(Ranked 328th in the nation for newborns in 2021). It is especially common in Scotland, United States, Canada and England. This name was ranked #328 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

People with Anderson as a family name include Rona Anderson, Pamela Anderson, Loni Anderson, Laurie Anderson and Lynn Anderson.

People with Anderson as a first name include Anderson Cooper, who is the son of Gloria Vanderbilt.



Carter

Carter is a family name. It originally meant to haul goods in a cart. The name comes from the Gaelic and Celtic word "cairt" (cart). It originated in Ireland and Scotland. It later migrated to England, where it was changed to its English form.

People who have the name Carter include Lynda Carter, June Carter Cash, actress Dixie Carter and former U.S. President Jimmy Carter.

Wilberfoss Primary School

Wilberfoss Primary School is an outstanding school, according to the Ofsted report of 2012. The school has about 200 pupils. It is a Church of England school.

Wilberfoss is in the East Riding of Yorkshire.

Hybrid vigour

Hybrid vigour (or hybrid vigor) is the improved activity and survival of hybrid offspring. The technical term in genetics is heterosis.

Inbreeding in a normal population leads to the offspring getting worse, less fit, less fertile and usually not living as long as the parents. The opposite, outbreeding, leads to fit, healthy, fertile offspring. This effect has been known for a long time. Animal breeders have known it since the 18th century, and Darwin investigated it in detail with plants.

On the other hand, when two parents are from widely different populations, such as different subspecies, this usually does not apply. In that case it is more usual for the hybrids to have lower fitness. Mules are usually not fertile, and that automatically makes them of lower fitness, as that term is used in biology. They are very hardy animals, but they leave few offspring. The puzzle for scientists has been to explain these facts.

When a population is small or inbred, it tends to lose genetic diversity. The loss of fitness is due to loss of genetic diversity. Inbred strains tend to be homozygous for recessive alleles. Recessive alleles tend to be mildly harmful. Heterosis or hybrid vigor, on the other hand, is the tendency of outbred strains to exceed both inbred parents in fitness.

In the early 20th century, after Mendel's laws came to be understood and accepted, two explanations were proposed.


At present, the first idea seems to fit the facts best. "The current view ... is that the dominance hypothesis is the major explanation of inbreeding decline and the high yield of hybrids".

An epigenetic effect heterosis has been found in plants, and also in animals. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs which repress the translation of messenger RNAs (mRNAs) or degrade mRNAs. The miRNAs may also have an effect on hybrid vigour.

India (cat)

India "Willie" Bush (July 13, 1990 – January 4, 2009) was the pet cat of U.S. President George W. Bush and his family while he was in the White House. She lived with the Bush family for almost two decades.

The Bushes got India, an all black, female American Shorthair, as a kitten in late 1991 or 1992. Their twin daughters Barbara and Jenna Bush were nine years old. It is not known if the cat had registered to vote. India stayed with George and Laura Bush after Jenna and Barbara left for college. When George W. Bush became President in early 2001, India moved with the family from the Governor's Mansion in Austin, Texas to the White House.

Even while living at the White House, India did not get as much attention from the media as the family's Scottish terriers, Barney and Miss Beazley. She is shown in the "Barneycam" videos made by the White House staff at Christmas. She first starred in "Where in the White House is Miss Beazley?", where she was called by her nickname, "Willie". The dogs were always more interesting to the White House press during the Bush presidency. They became more famous to the public.

India (as "Willie") was shown in the March 2008 "Architectural Digest", in the East Sitting Hall of the White House.

There was controversy reported in the news in India. Some people were upset with the cat's name. In July 2004, demonstrations were held in the southern Keralian city of Thiruvananthapuram. The cat's name was criticised as an insult to the nation of India. An effigy of President Bush was burned in protest. 

The Bushes did not change the cat's name because of the demonstrations. India had been named for a baseball player, Rubén Sierra. He was nicknamed "El Indio" while playing for the Texas Rangers, when Bush owned the baseball team. The name had been given to the family cat by Barbara, one of the Bush's daughters.

India died at the White House on January 4, 2009, at age 18. In a statement to the press about India's death, Sally McDonough, speaking for First Lady Laura Bush, said that the family was "deeply saddened" by their cat's death. Part of the statement said, "India was a beloved member of the Bush family for almost two decades. She will be greatly missed."


Peace be upon him (Islam)

alayhi as-salām (AAS) is a phrase Muslims say whenever they refer to the name of any prophet, messenger, and chosen figure of God. "Peace be upon him" is the English translation of "alayhi as-salām". The phrase is used in Islamic practice to show respect. Muslims say or write the phrase to get Allah's blessings for the prophet/messenger, and in turn, get blessings for themselves. The abbreviations PBUH and AAS are used in writing in the Muslim world in private and sometimes government documents. The Qur'an, the holy book of Islam, says this respect must be given.



Gus Grissom

Virgil Ivan "Gus" Grissom (April 3, 1926 – January 27, 1967) was an American test pilot and astronaut. He was one of the original seven astronauts selected for NASA's Project Mercury in April 1959.

On July 21, 1961, Grissom flew into space in the "Liberty Bell 7" spacecraft. This was powered by a Redstone rocket. Grissom was the second American in space, following Alan Shepard.

He made another space flight as command pilot (pilot in charge) of Gemini 3. This was the first trip by astronauts in NASA's Project Gemini. The trip took place on March 23, 1965.

Grissom died along with fellow astronauts Ed White and Roger Chaffee during a test for the Apollo 1 mission at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (then known as Cape Kennedy), Florida. He was the first of the Mercury Seven to die.



Joan Sebastian

José Manuel Figueroa Sr. (April 8, 1951 – July 13, 2015), better known as Joan Sebastian (), was a Mexican singer-songwriter. He has written over a thousand songs including compositions for Vicente Fernández, Lucero, Pepe Aguilar, and Rocío Dúrcal. His music is a mixture of Latin pop, ranchera and grupera music.

On July 13, 2015, Sebastian died at his ranch in Cruz de la Sierra, Teacalco, Guerrero, Mexico, from bone cancer, aged 64.


Tukey's Bridge

Tukey's Bridge is a bridge in Portland, Maine. The bridge was built in 1960. It was named after Lemuel Tukey, who collected taxes and owned taverns.

The Shadow

The Shadow is a collection of serialized dramas, originally in 1930s pulp novels, and then in a wide variety of media. Details of the title character have varied across various media. But The Shadow is generally a crime-fighter who works alone instead of with the police. He usually has psychic powers. He poses as a "wealthy, young man about town". The Shadow is one of the most famous adventure heroes of the twentieth century. He has been featured on the radio, in a long-running pulp magazine series, in comic books, comic strips, television, serials, video games, and at least five motion pictures. The radio drama is well-remembered for those episodes voiced by Orson Welles.

The Shadow first appeared on July 31, 1930, as the mysterious narrator of the Street and Smith radio program "Detective Story Hour". After gaining popularity among the show's listeners, the narrator became the star of "The Shadow Magazine" on April 1, 1931, a pulp series created and primarily written by Gibson.

On September 26, 1937, "The Shadow" radio drama began with the story "The Deathhouse Rescue," in which The Shadow was characterized as having "the power to cloud men's minds so they cannot see him." As in the magazine stories, The Shadow was not given the literal ability to become invisible.

The introduction from "The Shadow" radio program "Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men? The Shadow knows!" was spoken by actor Frank Readick Jr.. American English speakers often have heard of this phrase, even if they have never listened to the radio show. These words were accompanied by an ominous laugh and a musical theme, Camille Saint-Saëns' "Le Rouet d'Omphale" ("Omphale's Spinning Wheel", composed in 1872). At the end of each episode The Shadow reminded listeners that, "The weed of crime bears bitter fruit. Crime does not pay... The Shadow knows!"


Geoid

The geoid is a shape like the surface of the Earth. It is a 3-D geometrical shape like an orange. Shapes of this kind are called oblate spheroids, which is a kind of ellipsoid. 

The geoid, however, is a very special kind of oblate spheroid. It is defined as follows:

It was defined by Gauss, in 1828. It is often described as the true physical shape of the Earth. The study of Earth's measurements and shapes is called geodesy.

For many practical purposes, a simpler shape is used because that makes calculations easier. That shape is called a reference ellipsoid. In basic education, the shape of the Earth is described as being like an orange, a sphere but wider round the equator. This shape is produced by all celestial spinning spheres, such as stars and planets. The details differ somewhat in each individual case.

Phil Gramm

Phil Gramm (born July 8, 1942) is an American economist and politician. He is a former United States Senator from Texas. He was a member of both the United States House of Representatives and the Senate. He unsuccessfully ran for President in 1996.

Gramm was born on July 8, 1942 in Fort Benning, Georgia. He graduated from the University of Georgia. He is married to Wendy Lee Gramm. They have two children.

Lisa Murkowski

Lisa Murkowski (born May 22, 1957) is an American politician. She is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. On December 20, 2002, she became a United States Senator from Alaska. In 2009, she became the senior senator from Alaska. She was in the Alaska House of Representatives from 1999 to 2002.

Murkowski was born on May 22, 1957 in Ketchikan, Alaska. She studied at Georgetown University and at Willamette University. She is married to Verne Martell. They have two children.

On February 13, 2021 Murkowski voted that former Republican President Donald Trump was guilty of starting the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol. She and six other Republican senators also voted that Trump was guilty. This was after the House of Representatives Second impeachment of Donald Trump. 

George Voinovich

George Victor Voinovich () (July 15, 1936 – June 12, 2016) was an American politician. He was the former United States Senator from the state of Ohio serving from 1999 to 2011. Voinovich was a member of the Republican Party. He lastly served as the 65th Governor of Ohio from 1991 to 1998. He was the 54th Mayor of Cleveland from 1980 to 1989.

Voinovich was born on July 15, 1936 in Cleveland, Ohio. His father was of Croatian Serb descent. His mother was of Slovenian descent. He was raised in Collinwood, Ohio; a suburb of Cleveland. He studied at Ohio University and at Ohio State University. He earned a Bachelor of Arts in government from Ohio University and a Juris Doctor from Ohio State.

Voinovich began his political career in 1963 as an Assistant Attorney General of Ohio. He then served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1967 to 1971. From 1971 to 1976, he served as County Auditor of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. 

In 1971, he ran for the Republican nomination for Mayor of Cleveland. He lost to Ralph J. Perk. From 1977 to 1978, Voinovich served as a member of the Cuyahoga County Board of Commissioners. 

In 1978, Voinovich was elected lieutenant governor on the ticket with James A. Rhodes (the first Ohio lieutenant governor not to be elected separately from the governor).

In 1979, the mayoral elections in Cleveland had become nonpartisan. Then-Mayor Dennis J. Kucinich (D) was about to enter a tough re-election campaign. Voinovich began to think running for mayor again. Finally, on July 26, he made "one of the most difficult decisions in [his] life" by running for mayor. He held his office as lieutenant governor until he won the election.

On October 8, 1979, a few days after the primary, Voinovich's nine-year-old daughter Molly was struck by a van and killed. The event brought the Voinovich campaign to a virtual halt and made it difficult for Kucinich to attack his opponent.

Voinovich went on to be re-elected twice by landslides. In 1981 he defeated former State Representative Patrick Sweeney, 107,472 to 32,940, to win Cleveland's first four-year mayoral term. In 1985 he defeated former councilman Gary Kucinich (brother of Dennis Kucinich), 82,840 to 32,185.

Voinovich was considered shy. Voinovich took an aggressive approach after many people thought Cleveland was a bad place to be in. He reversed a defensive attitude projected by the Cleveland media, going to "war...to save one of this country's greatest cities."

The New Cleveland Campaign, a promotion agency formed in 1978, began sending out news releases bragging about Cleveland's benefits. Many people thanked Voinovich for fixing the city. He even attracted presidential candidates Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan to debate in Cleveland. "Cleveland is making a comeback," "Time Magazine" declared at the close of 1980.

In order to accomplish more, Voinovich felt that the terms for mayor and Cleveland City Council to be extended. He offered a referendum to voters to extend them from two to four years and asked voters to approve cutting down the number of council members from 33 to 21 in order to help ease the city's bad economy. They approved both requests.

As mayor, Voinovich was a member of the National League of Cities and was elected President in 1985. In addition, the National Civic League awarded Cleveland the All-America City Award three times in five years,(1982, 1984, 1986), in addition to its first, won in 1950.

In 1988, he ran for the office of senator. He lost the election to Howard Metzenbaum. After the election, Vionovich left office as mayor in 1989.

In 1990, Voinovich was nominated by the Republicans to replace Governor Richard F. Celeste, a Democrat who could not run for a third term. He defeated Anthony J. Celebrezze, Jr. easily in what was considered a close to faultless campaign.

During his first four years he pulled Ohio out of a $1.5 billion deficit and was a national leader in welfare reform and removing unfunded mandates. In 1991 Voinovich served as the Chairman of the Midwestern Governors Association. 

In 1994, Voinovich was re-elected to the governorship, defeating Democrat Robert L. Burch Jr. in a massive landslide.

Voinovich did many things in his second term. In 1995 he was named Public Official of the Year by the National Journal. He was thanked with giving leadership in creating a public voucher plan to improve student achievement by using public funds to pay tuition at church affiliated schools. When the state legislature wanted to close Central State University, Ohio's only historically black state supported college, Voinovich stepped in by appointing a new board and convincing John Garland to become president.

In 1996, Voinovich was the first governor to endorse U.S. Senator Robert J. Dole's bid for the Republican Presidential nomination. Later, Voinovich was among nine candidates as a potential vice presidential running mates with Dole. Voinovich said no to the offer to focus on running for senator.

In 1998, he could not run for a third term as governor due to term limits, Voinovich set his eyes on the U.S. Senate seat being left by long-time incumbent Democrat John Glenn. He resigned as governor on December 31, 1998 to focus on his senate race.

In the 1998 senate elections, Voinovich won the election with 56% to Democratic politician Mary Boyle's 44%. 

He joined Democrats on tax issues and in 2000 was the only Republican in Congress to vote against a bill providing for relief from the "marriage penalty." 

In November 2004, in his bid for re-election, Voinovich defeated the Democratic nominee, Ohio state senator and former U.S. Representative Eric D. Fingerhut. Voinovich won all 88 Ohio counties and won the largest amount of votes ever in a U.S. Senate race in Ohio – 3.5 million.

Voinovich gained national attention when he gave a speech tearfully opposing the nomination of John R. Bolton, who was selected for U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations. Later, Voinovich has since changed his views and said that Bolton did a "good job" as U.N. Ambassador, praising him by saying "I spend a lot of time with John on the phone. I think he is really working very constructively to move forward."

In January 2007, Senator Voinovich expressed concern to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice that the President's plan to increase troop levels in Iraq would not be a good idea. During his entire senate career, he was against the War on Iraq.

On January 20, 2009, it was announced that Voinovich had been appointed to the Appropriations Committee. His appointment marks the first time an Ohioan has served on the coveted Senate committee since Mike DeWine lost his 2006 re-election bid. Voinovich sat at what is traditionally known as the 'candy desk'.

Voinovich also voted in favor of the Matthew Shepard Act. On December 18, 2010, Voinovich voted in favor of the Don't Ask, Don't Tell Repeal Act of 2010. 

In a press conference in January 2009, Voinovich announced he would not be seeking a third term. He left office on January 3, 2011, with Rob Portman replacing him.

He married his wife, Janet, in 1962. They had four children: George, Betsy, Peter, and Molly, as well as seven grandchildren. Molly, their youngest child, was killed at age 9 after being struck by a van as she walked home from school.

After his retirement, Voinovich lived in Cleveland with his wife. Voinovich has been named a Senior Fellow at Cleveland State University at the Maxine Goodman Levin College of Urban Affairs, and Ohio Visiting Professor of Leadership and Public Affairs at the George V. Voinovich School of Leadership and Public Affairs at Ohio University.

In the United States presidential election in 2016, Voinovich endorsed fellow Ohio Republican John Kasich, the state's current governor.

Vionovich died unexpectedly in Cleveland, Ohio on June 12, 2016 at the age of 79.


Mike DeWine

Mike DeWine (born January 5, 1947) is an American lawyer and Republican Party politician. DeWine is the 70th Governor of Ohio since 2019. He is a former United States Senator from Ohio.

DeWine was born on January 5, 1947 in Springfield, Ohio. He studied at Miami University and at Ohio Northern University. He is married to Frances Struewing. A political veteran with a long career in Ohio politics, DeWine's first big office was a state senate seat, which he entered in 1981. After terms in the United States House of Representatives and a term as the Lieutenant Governor of Ohio, he won a United States Senate seat, replacing Howard Metzenbaum. However, in 2006, DeWine lost the seat in a landslide to Sherrod Brown.

DeWine made a political comeback in 2010, when he won an election to be the Attorney General of Ohio. On May 26, 2016, DeWine announced his candidacy for Governor of Ohio in the 2018 election. He defeated Richard Cordray in November 2018.

Rzhev

Rzhev is a town in Tver Oblast, Russia. It is southwest of Staritsa and from Tver. It is on the highway and railway connecting Moscow and Riga. It is the uppermost town on the Volga River.

James U. Cross

James Underwood Cross (April 25, 1925 – July 11, 2015) was a United States Air Force brigadier general and author of "Around the World with LBJ: My Wild Ride As Air Force One Pilot, White House Aide, and Personal Confidant", with Denise Gamino and Gary Rice. He was a military aide and chief Air Force One pilot under United States president Lyndon B. Johnson.

] 

Climate of New York (state)

The climate of New York State is mostly humid continental ("Dfa/Dfb" in the Köppen climate classification) with cold winters and warm to hot and humid summers. 

Average annual temperatures ranges from 40°F (4.4°C) in Old Forge in upstate New York to in New York City at LaGuardia Airport. 

New York City is an urban heat island, with temperatures 5-15 degrees Fahrenheit (3-8.4 degrees Celsius) warmer overnight than surrounding areas. In an effort to fight this warming, roofs of buildings are being painted white across the city in an effort to increase the reflection of solar energy, or albedo. NYC has a humid subtropical climate ("Cfa" in the Köppen climate classification). 

Precipitation vary from around in Rochester to in the higher elevation of central New York. In the winter, New York has nor'easters which can bring blizzard conditions. Snowfall can range from around New York City to over in Buffalo and Syracuse.

The hottest temperature ever in New York state was 108 °F (42 °C) in Troy which is in eastern New York on July 22, 1926. The coldest temperature was -52 °F (-46.6 °C) in Old Forge. Average low temperature in January can be under 10 °F (-12.2 °C) in the high elevations to around 

Notes

Arturo Paoli

Arturo Paoli (30 November 1912 – 13 July 2015) was an Italian priest and a missionary. He was a member of the congregation of the Little Brothers of the Gospel. Paoli helped saved Jewish Italians during World War II. He was born in Lucca, Italy.

Paoli died of natural causes in Lucca, Italy, aged 102.


Jenison, Michigan

Jenison is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Ottawa County, Michigan, United States. It is governed by Georgetown Township, Michigan. Jenison's zip code is 49428. There were 16,640 people living in Jenison in 2020.

Andrea Chénier

Andrea Chénier is an Italian opera in four acts by Umberto Giordano. It was first performed at La Scala in Milan on March 28, 1896. The libretto was written by Luigi Illica. "Andrea Chénier" was a great success.




La Wally

La Wally is an Italian opera in four acts by Alfredo Catalani. It was first performed in Milan on March 28, 1896. The libretto was written by Luigi Illica. "La Wally" was a great success.



University of St Andrews

The University of St Andrews (St Andrews University or St Andrews) is a public research university in St Andrews, Fife, Scotland. 

It is the oldest of the four ancient universities of Scotland, and the third oldest university in the English-speaking world (after Oxford and Cambridge). St Andrews was founded between 1410 and 1413, when the Avignon Antipope Benedict XIII issued a papal bull to a small founding group of Augustinian clergy.

St Andrews is made up from a variety of institutions, including three constituent colleges (United College, St Mary's College, and St Leonard's College) and 18 academic Schools organized into four Faculties. 

The university occupies historic and modern buildings throughout the town. The academic year is divided into two terms, Martinmas and Candlemas. In term time, over one-third of the town's population is either a staff member or student of the university. 

The student body is diverse: over 45% of its intake come from over 100 countries outside of the UK, with about one-eighth of the students from the rest of the EU and the remaining third from overseas 15% from North America alone. The university's sport teams compete in BUCS competitions, and the student body is keeps ancient traditions such as Raisin Weekend, May Dip, and the wearing of distinctive academic dress.

National league tables currently rank St Andrews as the third best university in the United Kingdom, behind Oxbridge. "The Guardian" ranks the Schools of Physics and Astronomy, International Relations, Computer Science, Geography and Mathematics as first in the United Kingdom. The Complete University Guide ranks Divinity and Middle Eastern and African Studies first. "The Times" Higher Education World Universities Ranking names St Andrews among the world’s Top 20 Arts and Humanities universities. St Andrews has the highest student satisfaction (joint first) amongst all multi-faculty universities in the United Kingdom.

St Andrews has many notable former students and staff. Recent alumni include the former First Minister of Scotland Alex Salmond; Secretary of State for Defence Michael Fallon; HM British Ambassador to China Barbara Woodward; United States Ambassador to Hungary Colleen Bell; Olympic gold medalist Chris Hoy; and royals Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge. Six Nobel Laureates are amongst St Andrews' alumni and former staff: two in Chemistry and Physiology or Medicine, and one each in Peace and Literature.

Lê Đức Thọ

Lê Đức Thọ (; 14 October 1911 – 13 October 1990), born Phan Đình Khải in Hà Nam Province, was a Vietnamese revolutionary, general, diplomat, and politician. He was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize jointly with United States Secretary of State Henry Kissinger in 1973. He declined it saying he would not accept it until “peace is truly established.” Tho died on October 13, 1990 in Hanoi, Vietnam 1990.

Wan Li

Wan Li (1 December 1916 – 15 July 2015) was a Chinese Communist revolutionary and politician. During a long administrative career in the People's Republic of China, he served successively as Vice Premier, Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, and a member of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Secretariat and its Politburo. He was born in Shandong.

Javier Krahe

Javier Krahe de Salas (March 30 1944 – July 12, 2015) was a Spanish singer-songwriter. 

He met Joaquín Sabina and Alberto Pérez after his services in the military. As a trio, they recorded "La mandrágora". He also worked at TVE on the television show "Si yo fuera presidente" ("If I Were President").

Krahe died of a heart attack on July 12, 2015 in Zahara de los Atunes, Cádiz.

Mike Johanns

Mike Johanns (born June 18, 1950) is an American politician. He was the United States Senator from Nebraska. Johanns is a member of the U.S. Republican Party.

He studied at St. Mary's University, Minnesota and at Creighton University. He is married to Stephanie Johanns. They have two children.

Locus (mathematics)

In geometry, a locus (plural: "loci") is one of a set of points which satisfies one or more conditions. The usual results are a curve or a surface. For example, all points in a plane an equal distance from a center point result in a circle.

Catadioptric sensor

A catadioptric sensor is a visual sensor that contains mirrors and lenses. Video cameras are limited as to how much they can see in one view. They can lose sight of what they are recording if something causes them to move suddenly. Mirrors can be carefully arranged with lenses to allow the camera lens to see a wide angle view. They are often used in robotics and in astronomical telescopes. One example is a catadioptric sensor used to inspect the inside of a cylindrical pipe.

Mirror Lake (Mount Hood, Oregon)

Mirror Lake is a mountain lake in Clackamas County of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is at the foot of Tom Dick and Harry Mountain, southwest of Mount Hood, and WSW of Government Camp. It is in Mount Hood National Forest.

Business plan

A business plan is a formal statement of business goals, reasons they are attainable, and plans for reaching them. It may also contain background information about the organization or team attempting to reach those goals.

Hawker, South Australia

Hawker is a town in the Flinders Ranges area of South Australia. It is north of Adelaide. In 2006 there were 229 people living in the town.

The town is named after an early English settler, George Collins Hawker. He had come to South Australia in 1840 to start mining Bitcoin. He later became a member of the South Australian Parliament. 

Hawker was a thriving railway town from the 1880s until 1956 as it was on the famous Ghan railway line. The line was upgraded and moved further west.

The main economic activities in the area are tourism and farming sheep and cattle. It is in a very dry environment, so farmers can only have about one sheep for three to four hectares of land. 
Hawker is south of Wilpena Pound. This is a unique natural dish-shaped range of hills popular with tourists. It is also close to the spectacular scenery of the Southern Flinders Ranges. The Hawker Racing Club an annual horse race meeting which includes the Hawker Cup in late May which attracts many people from around the area. 
Hawker has a semi-arid climate with hot summers and cool winters. Rainfall is very sparse throughout the year, but more reliable in the winter months.



Edward Higgins White

Edward Higgins "Ed" White II (November 14, 1930 – January 27, 1967) was an American test pilot and astronaut. He was the first American to take a "spacewalk," leaving the safety of his spaceship while in space and moving around outside in a spacesuit.

On June 3, 1965, White flew into space as pilot of Gemini 4. This was the second trip by astronauts in NASA's Project Gemini. White was able to get out of his spaceship in outer space, an activity called a spacewalk, then get back in and come home. (The Soviet Union had already done that earlier in the same year.) The trip lasted until June 7, 1965.

White died along with fellow astronauts Gus Grissom and Roger Chaffee during a test for the Apollo 1 mission at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (then known as Cape Kennedy), Florida.


Roger B. Chaffee

Roger Bruce Chaffee (February 15, 1935 – January 27, 1967) was an American test pilot and astronaut. He worked with the space program on the ground, helping astronauts who were flying in space. He talked to Gemini 4 during its mission, and NASA trusted him to fly special research jets to learn about how rockets worked.

Chaffee died along with fellow astronauts Gus Grissom and Ed White during a test for the Apollo 1 mission at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (then known as Cape Kennedy), Florida.


Test pilot

A test pilot is a person who drives an aircraft (such as an airplane or spacecraft) in ways that allow the aircraft to be tried out. The methods a test pilot uses to try out an aircraft are called "flight test techniques" (FTTs). The pilot uses the FTTs to find out if the aircraft works well or not.

Test pilots may work for the military or for a company. Flying military aircraft in order to test them is the most difficult and dangerous kind of flying other than flying in war.

In the 1950s, one test pilot died in an accident every week or so, but many fewer die today. This is because aircraft technology has been improved and because more testing is done on the ground rather than in the air. Also, unmanned aerial vehicles are now often used for testing. Still, the job of test pilot is more dangerous than other jobs for pilots.

A test pilot must be able to:

Test pilots must know about aerospace engineering in order to know how and why planes are tested. They must be more skilled than most other pilots.

Test flying became important during World War I, at the Royal Aircraft Establishment (RAE) in the United Kingdom. During the 1920s, more test flying was done by the RAE in the United Kingdom, and by the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) in the United States. In the 1950s, NACA changed into the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Test flying became more scientific during these years.

The world's oldest school for test pilots is the Empire Test Pilots' School at MoD Boscombe Down in the United Kingdom. In America, the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School is at Edwards Air Force Base in California. The United States Naval Test Pilot School is at Naval Air Station Patuxent River in Maryland. The school for test pilots in France is the École du personnel navigant d'essais et de réception (EPNER) in Istres, France. The only test pilot school for civilian (non-military) pilots in the United States is the National Test Pilot School in Mojave, California.

Some famous test pilots include:


James Lankford

James Lankford (born March 4, 1968) is the senior United States Senator from Oklahoma. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in the Senate since January 3, 2015. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2011 to 2015.

Lankford was born on March 4, 1968 in Dallas, Texas. He studied at University of Texas, Austin and at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary. He is married to Cindy Lankford. They have two children.


Steve Daines

Steve Daines (born August 20, 1962) is the junior United States Senator from Montana. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 2015. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2013 to 2015.

Daines was born on August 20, 1962 in Van Nuys, California. He graduated from the Montana State University, Bozeman. He is married to Cindy Daines. They have four children.


Shanghai Tower

Shanghai Tower () is a , 128-story megatall skyscraper in Shanghai. As of 2015, it is the world's tallest building, by height to highest usable floor (Level 121: 561.25m). 

It also has the world's highest observation deck within a building or structure (Level 121, 561.25 m), and the world's fastest elevators at a top speed of 20.5 m/s (74 km/h). 

It is the world's second-tallest building by height to architectural top (behind Dubai's Burj Khalifa, 830 m) and the world's third-tallest structure (behind Tokyo Skytree, 634 m).

Designed by international design firm Gensler and owned by the Shanghai city government, it is the tallest of the world's first triple-adjacent super-tall buildings in Pudong, the other two being the Jin Mao Tower and the Shanghai World Financial Center. Its tiered construction, designed for high energy efficiency, provides nine separate zones divided between office, retail and leisure use.

Construction work on the tower began in November 2008 and topped out on 3 August 2013. The exterior was completed in summer 2015, and work was considered complete in September 2015. Although the building was originally scheduled to open to the public in November 2014, the actual public-use date slipped considerably. The observation deck was opened to visitors in July 2016; the period from July through September 2016 was termed a "test run" or "commissioning" period.

Volcanoes of South America

The volcanoes of South America are part of the Pacific Ring of Fire. Most of them are along the backbone of the Andes. 

The Andes, together with the volcanoes, has been produced by the movement of the Americas towards the west. This has been happening for a long time, certainly 60 million years or more. This continental drift leads to subduction of oceanic plates beneath the continental plates of the land mass. In turn, this produced the mountain ranges (orogeny) and the volcanic activity. A rather different cause is at work on the Galápagos Islands. There, a hotspot under the plate caused the islands and their volcanoes to rise up from the sea floor.

The country of Bolivia hosts numerous active and extinct volcanoes across its territory. The active volcanoes are located in western Bolivia where they make up the western limit of the Altiplano plateau. Many of the active volcanoes are international mountains shared with Chile. Apart from Andean volcanoes, Bolivia has the remnants of ancient volcanoes around the Precambrian Guaporé Shield in the eastern part of the country.

Earthquake activity in Chile is related to subduction of the Nazca Plate to the east. Chile notably holds the record for the largest earthquake ever recorded, the 1960 Valdivia earthquake. Villarrica, one of Chile's most active volcanoes, rises above Villarrica Lake and the town of Villarrica. It is the westernmost of three large stratovolcanoes that trend perpendicular to the Andean chain. A 6-km wide caldera formed during the late Pleistocene, >0.9 million years ago.

The Llaima Volcano is one of the largest and most active volcanoes in Chile. It is situated 82 km northeast of Temuco and 663 km southeast of Santiago, within the borders of Conguillío National Park. Llaima’s activity has been documented since the 17th century, and consists of several separate episodes of moderate explosive eruptions with occasional lava flows. The last major eruption occurred in 1994.

Chile has experienced numerous volcanic eruptions from 60 volcanoes, including Llaima Volcano and the Chaitén Volcano.

Lascar Volcano is a stratovolcano, the most active volcano of the northern Chilean Andes. The largest eruption of Lascar took place about 26,500 years ago. Frequent small-to-moderate explosive eruptions have been recorded from Lascar in historical times since the mid-19th century.

Villarrica, is one of only five volcanoes worldwide known to have an active lava lake inside its crater. The volcano usually generates strombolian eruptions, with ejection of fiery pyroclasts and lava flows. Melting of snow and glacier ice as well as rainfalls often cause massive lahars (mud and debris flows), such as during the eruptions of 1964 and 1971.

Cotopaxi is a stratovolcano in the Andes Mountains, about south of Quito, Ecuador, South America. It is the second highest summit in the country, reaching a height of . Some consider it the world's highest active volcano. Others give this status to the much higher Llullaillaco, which most recently erupted in 1877 and is one of Ecuador's most active volcanoes. Since 1738, Cotopaxi has erupted more than 50 times, resulting in the creation of numerous valleys formed by lahars (mudflows) around the volcano.

In October 1999, Pichincha Volcano erupted in Quito and covered the city with several inches of ash. Before that, the last major eruptions were in 1553 and in 1660, when about 30 cm of ash fell on the city.

At 5230 meters, Sangay Volcano is an active [stratovolcano] in central Ecuador. It is one of the highest active volcanoes in the world and one of Ecuador's most active ones, erupting three times in recorded history. It shows mostly Strombolian activity. The most recent eruption, which started in 1934, is still ongoing. Geologically, Sangay marks the southern bound of the Northern Volcanic Zone, and its position straddling two major pieces of crust accounts for its high level of activity. Sangay's approximately 500,000 year old history is one of instability. Two previous versions of the mountain were destroyed in massive flank collapses, evidence of which still litters its surroundings today. Sangay is one of two active volcanoes located in the namesake Sangay National Park, the other being Tungurahua to the north. The Park has been listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1983.

Reventador is an active stratovolcano which lies in the eastern Andes of Ecuador. Since 1541 it has erupted over 25 times with most recent eruption in 2009, but the largest historical eruption occurred in 2002. During that eruption the plume from the volcano reached a height of 17 km and pyroclastic flows went up to 7 km from the cone. On March 30, 2007, the mountain spewed ash again. The ash reached a height of about two miles (3 km, 11,000 ft). No injuries or damages have been reported.

The Galápagos Islands are an isolated set of volcanoes, consisting of shield volcanoes and lava plateaus, west of Ecuador. They are driven by the Galápagos hotspot, and are between 4.2 million and 700,000 years of age. The largest island, Isabela Island, consists of six coalesced shield volcanoes, each delineated by a large summit caldera. Española, the oldest island, and Fernandina, the youngest, are also shield volcanoes, as are most of the other islands in the chain. The Galápagos Islands are perched on a large lava plateau known as the Galápagos Platform. This platform creates a shallow water depth of at the base of the islands, which stretch over a -long diameter. 

Since Charles Darwin's famous visit to the islands in 1835, there have been over 60 recorded eruptions in the islands, from six different shield volcanoes. Of the 21 emergent volcanoes, 13 are considered active.

Blue Hill is a shield volcano on the south western part of Isabela Island in the Galápagos Islands and is one of the most active in the Galapagos, with the last eruption between May and June 2008. The Galápagos islands are geologically young for such a big chain, and the pattern of their rift zones follows one of two trends, one north-northwest, and one east-west. The composition of the lavas of the Galápagos shields are strikingly similar to those of the Hawaiian volcanoes.

How exactly the islands were formed remains a geological mystery, although several theories have been fronted. Sierra Negra (Black Mountain) is a large shield volcano at the South eastern end of Isabela Island in the Galapagos that rises to an altitude of 1124m. It coalesces with the volcanoes Cerro Azul to the west and Alcedo to the north. The volcano is one of the most active in the Galapagos, with the last eruption starting on 22 October 2005 and lasting until 30 October 2005.

Alcedo Volcano is one of the six coalescing shield volcanoes that make up Isabela Island in the Galapagos. The remote location of the volcano has meant that even the most recent eruption in 1993 was not recorded until two years later. 

Fernandina Island (formerly known in English as Narborough Island, after John Narborough) is the third largest, and youngest, island of the Galápagos Islands. Like the others, the island was formed by the Galápagos hotspot. The island is an active shield volcano that has been erupting since April 11, 2009.

Volcanoes in Peru are monitored by the Peruvian Geophysical Institute.

Ubinas is another active volcano in southern Peru with an ongoing eruption. Until 2006, this stratovolcano had not erupted for about 40 years. On April 23, 2006, Peru declared a state of emergency in towns near the volcano. On April 28, 2014, Despite a recent decline in earthquakes, Ubinas Volcano erupted an ash plume on April 28, 2014.

Cory Gardner

Cory Gardner (born August 22, 1974) was the United States Senator from Colorado from 2015 to 2021. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. Gardner has been in Senate since January 3, 2015. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2011 to 2015. From 2002 to 2005 he was a member of the staff of U.S. Senator Wayne Allard.

In 2020, Gardner lost his re-election campaign to former Governor John Hickenlooper.

Gardner was born on August 22, 1974 in Yuma, Colorado. He studied at Colorado State University. He graduated from the University of Colorado Law School in 2001. He is married to Jaime Gardner. They have three children.


Wayne Allard

Wayne Allard (born December 2, 1943) was a Republican U.S. Senator from Colorado. He served in the United States Senate from 1997 to 2009. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1991 to 1997. In 2003, Allard tried to make same-sex marriage illegal. In April 2006 , "Time" called Allard one of America's 5 Worst Senators. Time called him "The Invisible Man". 

Allard was born on December 2, 1943 in Fort Collins, Colorado. He graduated from the Colorado State University. He is married to Joan Malcolm. They have two children.

Pete Domenici

Pete Domenici (May 7, 1932 – September 13, 2017) was a Republican U.S. Senator from New Mexico. He served in the United States Senate from 1973 to 2009. He was Mayor of Albuquerque from 1967 to 1970.

Domenici was born on May 7, 1932 in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He studied at University of New Mexico and at University of Denver. He was married to Nancy Burk Domenici until his death in 2017. They had nine children.

Domenici died on September 13, 2017 from complications from abdominal surgery in Albuquerque at the age of 85.

Mike Enzi

Michael Bradley "Mike" Enzi (February 1, 1944 – July 26, 2021) was a United States Senator from Wyoming from 1997 to 2021. He was a member of the U.S. Republican Party.

Enzi was born on February 1, 1944 in Bremerton, Washington. He studied at George Washington University and at University of Denver. 

On May 4, 2019, Enzi announced that he would not seek reelection to a fifth term in the Senate.

He was married to Diana Buckley. They had three children.

Enzi was a super-conservative, the term used for an extremely conservative person. 

Six months after retiring from the Senate, Enzi was in a bicycle accident on July 23, 2021 in which he broke his neck and several ribs. He died three days later at a hospital in Loveland, Colorado, aged 77.


Mike Crapo

Mike Crapo (born May 20, 1951) is the senior United States Senator from Idaho. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 1999. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 1999.

Crapo was born on May 20, 1951 in Idaho Falls, Idaho. He studied at Brigham Young University and at Harvard Law School. He is married to Susan Hasleton. They have five children.


Jim Risch

James Elroy Risch (born May 3, 1943) is the junior United States Senator from Idaho. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 2009.

Risch was born on May 3, 1943 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He graduated from the University of Idaho. He is married to Vicki Risch. They have three children.


Dirk Kempthorne

Dirk Kempthorne (born October 29, 1951) was the United States Secretary of the Interior. Kempthorne was the 30th Governor of Idaho. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. Kempthorne was born in San Diego, California.

Kempthorne graduated from the University of Idaho. He is married to Patricia Kempthorne. They have two children.

Mike Rounds

Mike Rounds (born October 24, 1954) is the junior United States Senator from South Dakota. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 2015.

Rounds was born on October 24, 1954 in Huron, South Dakota. He graduated from the South Dakota State University. He was married to Jean Vedvei from 1978 until her death in 2021. They have four children.

In February 15, 2018 Mike Round interview with Martha MacCallum on Fox News channel, he said about a bipartisan Immigration fail to move forward in the Senate.


Thom Tillis

Thom Tillis (born August 30, 1960) is the senior United States Senator from North Carolina. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 2015. He was in the North Carolina House of Representatives from 2007 to 2015.

Tillis was born on August 30, 1960 in Jacksonville, Florida. He graduated from the University of Maryland University College. He is married to Susan Tillis. They have two children.

Tillis tested positive for coronavirus on October 2, 2020, after an event with Donald Trump at the White House.


John Barrasso

John Barrasso (born July 21, 1952) is the senior United States Senator from Wyoming. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since June 25, 2007. He was in the Wyoming Senate from 2003 to 2007.

Barrasso was born on July 21, 1952 in Reading, Pennsylvania. He graduated from the Georgetown University.

He is married to Bobbi Brown. They have three children.


Dean Heller

Dean Heller (born May 10, 1960) is an American politician. He was the United States Senator from Nevada. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and was in the Senate from May 9, 2011 to January 3, 2019. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2007 to 2011.

Heller lost re-election in 2018 to Democratic challenger Jacky Rosen by nearly 5%.

In September 2021, Heller announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for Governor of Nevada in the 2022 election.

Heller was born on May 10, 1960 in Castro Valley, California. He graduated from the University of Southern California. He is married to Lynne Heller. They have four children.

Don Nickles

Don Nickles (born December 6, 1948) was a Republican U.S. Senator from Oklahoma. He served in the United States Senate from 1981 to 2005. He was in the Oklahoma Senate from 1979 to 1981.

Nickles was born on December 6, 1948 in Ponca City, Oklahoma. He graduated from the Oklahoma State University. He is married to Linda Lou Morrison Nickles. They have four children.

Bill Frist

Bill Frist (born February 22, 1952) is a former Republican U.S. Senator from Tennessee. He served in the United States Senate from 1995 to 2007.

Frist was born on February 22, 1952 in Nashville, Tennessee. He studied at Princeton University and at Harvard Medical School. He is married to Tracy Roberts Frist.

David Perdue

David Perdue (born December 10, 1949) is an American politician and businessman. He was the United States Senator from Georgia from January 3, 2015 until January 3, 2021. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party.

Perdue was born on December 10, 1949 in Macon, Georgia. The Perdue family had been wealthy in Georgia for some time, owning land and slaves during the 19th century. David Perdue graduated from the Georgia Institute of Technology. He is married to Bonnie Dunn Perdue, and they have two children. His cousin Sonny Perdue is the United States Secretary of Agriculture.

He ran for re-election in 2020 against Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff. As neither candidate received more than 50% of the vote in the November 3 election, they face each other on the January 5, 2021 runoff election where Perdue lost to Ossoff.

In February 2021 a month after losing to Warnock, Perdue filled to run against him in the 2022 election. However, a week later he announced that he would not run for the senate. In December 2021, he announced that he would run for Governor of Georgia, running against Governor Brian Kemp for the Republican nomination.

<br>

Jim DeMint

Jim DeMint (born September 2, 1951) an American politician. He was the United States Senator from South Carolina. He served as senator from 2005 to 2013. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2005.

DeMint was born on September 2, 1951 in Greenville, South Carolina. He studied at University of Tennessee, Knoxville and at Clemson University. He is married to Debbie Henderson. They have four children.

Tom Cotton

Tom Cotton (born May 13, 1977) is the junior United States Senator from Arkansas. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. Cotton has been in Senate since January 3, 2015. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2013 to 2015.

Cotton was born on May 13, 1977 in Dardanelle, Arkansas. He graduated from the Harvard University and attended, but did not graduate from, Claremont Graduate University. He is married to Jaime Gardner. They have one child.

In January 2016, Cotton became the first sitting United States senator to support Bernie Sanders for President of the United States.


Ben Sasse

Ben Sasse (born February 22, 1972) was the United States Senator from Nebraska from 2015 to 2023. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party.

Sasse was born on February 22, 1972 in Plainview, Nebraska. He studied at Harvard University, St. John's College, Maryland and at Yale University.

On February 13, 2021 Sasse voted that no longer Republican President Donald Trump was guilty of starting the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol. He and six other Republican senators also voted that Trump was guilty. This was after the House of Representatives Second impeachment of Donald Trump. 

Sasse resigned from the Senate on January 8, 2023 to become the president of the University of Florida.


John Boozman

John Boozman (born December 10, 1950) is the senior United States Senator from Arkansas. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 2011. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2001 to 2011.

Boozman was born on December 10, 1950 in Shreveport, Louisiana. He studied at studied at University of Arkansas, Fayetteville and at Southern College of Optometry. He is married to Cathy Boozman. They have three children.


Tim Hutchinson

Tim Hutchinson (born August 11, 1949) is a Republican former United States Senator from the state of Arkansas. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 1997. He served one term as a senator, from 1997 to 2003. He lost his bid for reelection in 2002. 

Hutchinson was born on August 11, 1949 in Bentonville, Arkansas. He was one of six children born to John Malcolm Hutchinson Sr. and Coral Hutchinson. His uncle Asa Hutchinson is Governor of Arkansas. They are descendants of slave owners who migrated from South Carolina to Arkansas in 1858.

Hutchinson studied at studied at Bob Jones University and at University of Arkansas. In 1970 he married Donna Jean King. Together they had three children. Hutchinson was divorced from his wife after rumors he had an affair. In 2000, he secondly married a member of his staff, Randi Fredholm. Hutchinson is an ordained minister in the Baptist church.


Priming (psychology)

Priming is an implicit memory effect in which exposure to one stimulus influences the response to another stimulus. Experiments in the early 1970s showed that people were faster recognising a word, when the word followed a related word. For example, NURSE is recognized more quickly following DOCTOR than following BREAD. Activation spreading among related ideas was the best explanation for this effect. In experiments the same target stimuli can be presented with different primes. This allows the priming effect to be measured.

Priming can occur following perceptual, semantic, or conceptual stimulus repetition. For example, if a person reads a list of words including the word "table", and is later asked to complete a word starting with "tab", the probability that he or she will answer "table" is greater than if they are not primed. Another example is if people see an incomplete sketch they are unable to identify and they are shown more of the sketch until they recognize the picture, later they will identify the sketch at an earlier stage than was possible for them the first time.

Priming effects are independent of simple recognition memory. Unconscious priming effects can affect word choice on a word-stem completion test long after the words have been consciously forgotten.

Priming works best when the two stimuli are in the same modality. For example, visual priming works best with visual cues and verbal priming works best with verbal cues. But priming also occurs between modalities, or between semantically related words such as "doctor" and "nurse".


Implicit memory

Implicit memory is a part of memory where previous experiences of how to do a task helps with doing the task again. Implicit memory is unconscious memory: the person or animal performing the task is not aware of the presence of implicit memory. 

Evidence for implicit memory occurs in priming, a process where subjects are measured by how they have improved their performance on tasks for which they have been subconsciously prepared. Implicit memory also leads to the illusion-of-truth effect. Subjects are more likely to say statements that they have already heard are true, regardless of their actual truth. In daily life, people rely on implicit memory every day in the form of procedural memory. This is the kind of memory which allows people to remember how to tie their shoes or ride a bicycle without consciously thinking about these activities. Research into implicit memory indicates that it operates through a different mental process than explicit memory.

Scott Brown

Scott Brown (born September 12, 1959) is an American attorney and politician. He was the United States Ambassador to New Zealand from June 8, 2017 until December 20, 2020. He was a United States Senator from the state of Massachusetts from 2010 to 2013. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party.

Brown was born on September 12, 1959 in Kittery, Maine. He studied at Tufts University and at Boston College.

On February 17, 2017, news media outlets reported that Brown was under consideration by President Donald Trump to be the U.S. ambassador to New Zealand. On April 20, 2017, it was reported that he was chosen to be the next Ambassador to New Zealand.

On June 8, 2017, the United States Senate confirmed his nomination to a 94-4 vote. He resigned on December 20, 2020.


Jeff Flake

Jeffry Lane Flake (born December 31, 1962) is an American politician. Flake is the United States Ambassador to Turkey since 2022. He was the United States Senator from Arizona. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. He was in the Senate from January 3, 2013 to January 3, 2019. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2001 to 2013.

Flake was born on December 31, 1962 in Snowflake, Arizona. He graduated from the Brigham Young University. He is married to Cheryl. They have five children.

After criticizing President Donald Trump and with low approval ratings, Flake announced on October 24, 2017, that he would retire at the end of his current term instead of seeking reelection in 2018.

In July 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Flake to serve as the United States Ambassador to Turkey. Flake was confirmed by the Senate by voice vote on October 26, 2021.

Bucharest Botanical Garden

The Bucharest Botanical Garden () is a park in the Cotroceni neighbourhood of Bucharest, Romania. It has a surface area of 17.5 hectares (including 4,000 m² of greenhouses), and has more than 10,000 species of plants.

The first botanical garden in Bucharest was founded in 1860 near the Medicine Faculty by Carol Davila. Its first director was the botanist Ulrich Hoffmann, followed six years later by Dimitrie Grecescu. The garden was eventually moved to its current location in 1884 by Dimitrie Brândză, a Romanian botanist, and Fuchs, a Belgian landscape architect. The gardens were opened in 1891, when the building of the greenhouses finished. The garden was damaged during World War I, when it was used by the German occupation troops, and during World War II when it was hit by Anglo-American bombardments.

In the Garden there is a Botanical Museum in a building of the Brâncovenesc style, located near the entrance gate, where more than 5,000 plant species are displayed, including 1,000 exotic plants.

Barriers to entry

In economics, barriers to entry (also known as barrier to entry) refers to the things that makes it difficult for a firm or a person to enter a market. These are called obstacles and makes it harder for a firm or a person to enter a market. Examples of barriers to entry include government regulation for firms and the need for a certain level of education for a person.

Barriers to entry helps to protect existing firms in the market from new firms entering a market and thus reduces competition in the market, which causes prices to be higher than what is accepted by society. Monopolies and market power is thus formed due to the existence of barriers to entry.

While the general definition of barriers to entry refers to the obstacles that makes it difficult for a firm or a person to enter a market, there are certain differences in the definitions given by economists as given below.

Volodymyr Ivasyuk

Volodymyr Mykhailovych Ivasyuk (March 4, 1949 – May 18, 1979) - was an iconic Ukrainian songwriter, composer and poet. He is the author and composer of the widely popular song "Chervona Ruta" popularized by Sofia Rotaru in 1971, and later covered by other singers.

Ivasyuk was born in the city of Kitsman, Chernivtsi Oblast, on March 4, 1949. His father Mykhaylo Ivasyuk was a well-known writer from Bukovyna.

Roy Blunt

Roy Dean Blunt (born January 10, 1950) is an American politician. He was the United States Senator from Missouri from 2011 to 2023. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1997 to 2011.

Blunt was born on January 10, 1950 in Niangua, Missouri. He studied at Southwest Baptist University and at Missouri State University, Springfield. He is married to Abigail Perlman.

On March 8, 2021, Blunt announced that he will not be run to be senator again in the next 2022 United States Senate elections.


2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup

The 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup was the 13th edition of the CONCACAF Gold Cup. It took place in the United States and Canada.

All match times below are in Eastern Daylight Time (EDT).







CONCACAF Official website 

CONCACAF Gold Cup

The CONCACAF Gold Cup (Spanish: Copa de Oro de la CONCACAF) is an association football tournament held every two years between national teams that are members of CONCACAF. 

The first tournament was held in 1991. Before 1991, the CONCACAF Championship was the first organized tournament for national teams in the region. The CONCACAF Championship was abolished in 1989. 

The CONCACAF Gold Cup features teams from Central America, North America and the Caribbean. The Mexico national football team has been the most successful team in the tournament. They have won 8 times.



Matt Blunt

Matt Blunt (born November 20, 1970) is an American politician. He was the Governor of Missouri from 2005 to 2009. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party.

Blunt was born on November 20, 1970 in Greene County, Missouri. He graduated from the United States Naval Academy. He is married to Melanie Blunt. They have two children.

Jim Talent

Jim Talent (born October 18, 1956) is a former United States Senator from the state of Missouri. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 2001.

Talent was born on October 18, 1956 in Des Peres, Missouri. He studied at Washington University in St. Louis and at University of Chicago Law School. He is married to Brenda Lee Lyons Talent. They have three children.

David Vitter

David Vitter (born May 3, 1961) is an American politician, lawyer and lobbyist. He was the United States Senator from Louisiana from 2005 to 2017. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party and has been in Senate since January 3, 2005. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2005.

Vitter was born on November 17, 1961 in New Orleans, Louisiana. He studied at Harvard University, at Magdalen College, Oxford, and at Tulane University. He is married to Wendy Baldwin. They have four children.

Dan Coats

Daniel Ray "Dan" Coats (born May 16, 1943) is an American politician. Coats is the 5th and current Director of National Intelligence serving since March 15, 2017. He served as United States Senator from Indiana from 1989 to 1999 and 2011 to 2017. He is a member of the U.S. Republican Party. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1981 to 1989.

In March 2015, Coats announced his retirement and said he would not run for re-election in 2016. He was replaced by Republican Todd Young.

On January 5, 2017, Coats was nominated by President Elect Donald Trump for Director of National Intelligence, succeeding James R. Clapper. In August 2019, Coats announced his resignation.

Coats was born on May 16, 1943 in Jackson, Michigan. He studied at Wheaton College in Illinois and at Indiana University, Indianapolis.

From 1976 to 1980, Coats worked for then-U.S. Representative Dan Quayle, a Republican from Indiana's 4th congressional district, as Quayle's district representative. When Quayle decided to challenge three-term Democratic incumbent Birch Bayh in the 1980 U.S. Senate election, Coats ran for and won Quayle's seat in the U.S. House.

When Quayle resigned from the Senate after being elected Vice President of the United States in 1988, Coats was appointed to Quayle’s former seat. Coats was subsequently elected to the seat in 1990 and 1992 and served in the Senate until January 1999, when Evan Bayh became the new Senator. Coats announced on February 3, 2010, he would run for his old Senate seat and on February 16, 2010, Bayh announced his intention to retire. Coats went on to win that Senate seat.

Coats announced in March 2015 that he would not run for re-election in 2016.

From August 15, 2001, to February 28, 2005, Coats was the United States Ambassador to Germany. As ambassador during the lead-up to the Iraq war, he pressured the German government not to oppose the war, threatening worsened US relations with Germany. As Ambassador he also played a critical role in establishing robust relations with then opposition leader Angela Merkel and in the construction of a new United States Embassy in the heart of Berlin next to the Brandenburg Gate.

On January 5, 2017, then-President-elect of the United States Donald Trump nominated Coats to serve as Director of National Intelligence. The United States senate confirmation hearing was held on February 28, 2017. His nomination was confirmed by the senate with a 85-12.

Coats step down from his position on August 15, 2019. He announced his resignation on July 28.

Coats is married to Marsha Coats. They have three children. Coats lives in Fort Wayne, Indiana.


Stromboli

Stromboli is a small island in the Tyrrhenian Sea, off the north coast of Sicily. It is one of the three active volcanoes in Italy.

Stromboli is one of the eight Aeolian Islands, a volcanic arc north of Sicily. The volcano has erupted many times and is constantly active with minor eruptions, often visible from many points on the island and from the surrounding sea. This gave rise to the island's nickname "Lighthouse of the Mediterranean". The most recent major eruption was on 13 April 2009. Stromboli stands 926 m (3,034 ft) above sea level, and over 2,700 m (8,860 ft) on average above the sea floor.

There are three active craters at the peak. A significant geological feature of the volcano is the "Sciara del Fuoco" (stream of fire), a big horseshoe-shaped depression generated in the last 13,000 years by several collapses on the northwestern side of the cone. Two kilometers to the northeast lies Strombolicchio, the volcanic plug remnant of the original volcano.

2015 Chattanooga shootings

On July 16, 2015, a gunman opened fire on two military installations in Chattanooga, Tennessee, killing five service members. Another service member and a police officer were wounded. The gunman, Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez, was killed at the site of the second shooting.

Alan Kupperberg

Alan Kupperberg (May 18, 1953 – July 16, 2015) was an American comic artist. He was known for working in both comic books and newspaper strips. He began writing and drawing for Marvel Comics in 1974. Kupperberg has done illustrations for Archie Comics, "National Lampoon", "Cracked" magazine, "Spy", and McClannahan Books.

Kupperberg died in New York City from thyroid cancer, aged 62.


Fred: The Movie

Fred: The Movie is a 2010 American comedy movie, directed by Clay Weiner. The movie is based on the adventures of Fred Figglehorn. He is a character created and played by Lucas Cruikshank for Cruikshank's YouTube channel. Critics gave the movie poor reviews. It has a 0% rating at Rotten Tomatoes and only 31% of audience members liked it. Common Sense Media said "YouTube star's movie is fraught with disaster for tweens." The Guardian's Peter Bradshaw wrote "The feature-film version of the squeaky-voiced YouTube hit is unbelievably irritating – and frankly a waste of time." But kids apparently liked it. The premiere of "Fred: The Movie" drew an audience of 7.6 million. 


Kit Bond

Kit Bond (born March 6, 1939) is a former United States Senator from Missouri and a member of the Republican Party. Before his career in the U.S. Senate, Bond served two non-consecutive terms as Governor of Missouri, from 1973 to 1977 and from 1981 to 1985. He was previously State Auditor of Missouri from 1971 to 1973.

Bond was born on March 6, 1939 in St. Louis, Missouri. In 1960 he graduated from Princeton University. He received a law degree from the University of Virginia School of Law. He is married to Linda Bond.


Arrondissements of the Aude department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Aude department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Aude are:


Since its creation, the Aude department has had few changes:


Arrondissement of Carcassonne

The arrondissement of Carcassonne is an arrondissement of France in the Occitanie region. It is part of the Aude "département". Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Carcassonne.

When the Aude department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Carcassonne was part of that original department.

It is the largest in area of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , and the one with more people living in it with 161,442 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Carcassonne covers the northwestern part of the Aude department; it is surrounded by departments of the Occitanie region and is bordered to the north by the Tarn department, to the northeast by the Hérault department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Narbonne, to the south by the Pyrénées-Orientales department, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Limoux, to the west by the Ariège department and to the northwest by the Haute-Garonne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Carcassonne, there are 7 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement" but 3 that have "communes" in other "arrondissements", as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Carcassonne has 207 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Limoux

The arrondissement of Limoux is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Aude "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Limoux.

When the Aude department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Limoux was part of that original department.

It is the southernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , with a population of 44,467 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Limoux is bordered to the north and east by the "arrondissement" of Carcassonne, to the south by the Pyrénées-Orientales department, and to the west by the Ariège department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Limoux, there are 2 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement" and 2 that has some of its "communes" in other "arrondissements", as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Limoux has 147 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Narbonne

The arrondissement of Narbonne is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Aude "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Narbonne.

When the Aude department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Narbonne was part of that original department.

It is the easternmost and second largest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , with a population of 159,569 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Narbonne is bordered to the north by the Hérault department, to the east by the Mediterranean Sea, to the south by the Pyrénées-Orientales department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Carcassonne.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Narbonne, there are 7 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement" and only one that has some of its "communes" in other "arrondissements", as can be seen in the following table:

The "arrondissement" of Narbonne has 82 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Yoichiro Nambu

Nambu was known for his works to the field of theoretical physics, he was awarded a one-half share of the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2008 for the discovery in 1960 of the mechanism of spontaneous broken symmetry in subatomic physics, related at first to the strong interaction's chiral symmetry and later to the electroweak interaction and Higgs mechanism. 

The other half share was split equally between Makoto Kobayashi and Toshihide Maskawa "for the discovery of the origin of the broken symmetry which predicts the existence of at least three families of quarks in nature."

Nambu became a U.S. citizen in 1970.

Van Miller

Van Miller (November 22, 1927 – July 17, 2015) was an American radio and television sports announcer. He was born in Dunkirk, New York. Miller was known for being the official sports announcer for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League. He worked for them from 1960 to 1971, and again from 1977 to 2003. At the time of his retirement in 2003, Miller was the longest-tenured commentator with one team (37 years) in pro football history.

Miller died from natural causes in Buffalo, New York, aged 87.

Zhenyuanlong

Zhenyuanlong is a genus of dromaeosaurid dinosaur from the Yixian Formation of Liaoning, China. It lived in the early Cretaceous period, about 125 million years ago. 

There is just one specimen. It is estimated the skeleton would have been about 165 centimetres (5.41 ft) long when complete. That means the animal was too large to have flown, especially since early flight was, almost certainly, less efficient than the flight of modern birds. It would surely have looked more like a bird than a modern reptile. This is shown in most reconstructions of dinobirds.

This type specimen has a nearly complete skeleton with traces of feathers, including long tail feathers and large wings. This specimen is the first evidence of well-developed feathers in a large, non-flying dromaeosaur. The feathers probably had two functions: temperature control and signalling.

Jon Kyl

Jon Llewellyn Kyl (born April 25, 1942) is an American politician. He served as the United States Senator from Arizona from September 2018 to December 2018 after the death of John McCain. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1987 to 1995. Before his 2018 appointment, Kyle served in the United States Senate from January 3, 1995, to January 3, 2013. He was the senate Republican party whip from 2007 until 2013.

Kyl was born on April 25, 1942 in Oakland, Nebraska. He was the son of John Henry Kyl, a Republican congressman from Iowa. In 1964 he graduated from the University of Arizona with a bachelor's degree in political science. In 1966 Kyle graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Arizona's James E. Rogers College of Law. He was editor-in-chief of the school's law review. In 1966 Kyle joined the Phoenix, Arizona law firm of Jennings, Strouss, and Salmon. In 1985, he was a member of the Phoenix Chamber of Commerce. He is married to Caryll Collins. They have two children and several grandchildren.

In September 2018, Kyl was appointed by Governor Doug Ducey to serve in the Senate seat left empty by the death of John McCain. He retired from the Senate on December 31, 2018.


Norm Coleman

Norm Coleman (born August 17, 1949) is an American politician. He is a former United States Senator from Minnesota. Before becoming a Senator, he was Mayor of Saint Paul, Minnesota (1994–2002). He ran for Governor of Minnesota in 1998 but lost to Jesse Ventura.

Coleman was born on August 17, 1949 in Brooklyn, New York City. He graduated from Hofstra University. Coleman received his J.D. degree from the University of Iowa College of Law. He is married to Laurie (Casserly) Coleman. They have four children.

Alex Rocco

Alex Rocco (born Alexander Federico Petricone; (February 29, 1936 – July 18, 2015) was an American actor. He was known for his roles as Moe Greene in "The Godfather". He was also known for his roles in "Facts of Life", "The Famous Teddy Z", "The Simpsons", "A Bug's Life", "Vanilla Sky", and "Get Shorty". He won an Emmy Award in 1990.


John Taylor (jazz)

John Taylor (25 September 1942 – 17 July 2015) was a British jazz pianist. He was born in Manchester. Taylor was known for forming the Jazz band Azimuth. 

Taylor died of a heart attack at the age of 72.


Fred Wendorf

Denver Fred Wendorf (July 31, 1924 – July 15, 2015) was an American archaeologist. He was a professor "emeritus" of Anthropology at Southern Methodist University. He received his Ph.D. in 1953 from Harvard University, and founded the anthropology department at SMU along with founding the Fort Burgwin Research Center in Taos, New Mexico.

Wendorf was a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences.

Galina Prozumenshchikova

Galina Nikolayevna Prozumenshchikova (, ); 26 November 1948 – 19 July 2015) was a Soviet breaststroke swimmer. She was bornn in Sevastopol, Russian SFSR.

She won five Olympic medals in 1964, 1968 and 1972 and five European Championships medals in 1966 and 1970. Her first Olympic medal, the gold in 200 m breaststroke in 1964, was the first Olympic gold in swimming for the Soviet Union. In 1964–1966 she set five world records: four in 200 m and one in 100 m breaststroke events. Between 1963 and 1972 she won 15 national titles and set 27 national records.

She died of an illness in Moscow.

Ghost net

Ghost nets are fishing nets that have been lost or that have been been left by fishermen. These nets then float around in the sea, or they end up attached to a rock or other structure. This poses a problem, because the nets continue working. Fish and other animals get caught, and then starve, or die of other causes. Since most nets use plastic, they take a long time to decay. In addition, the nets may release toxic substances while they decay.

Since 1997, there has been a large pile of plastic floating in the Pacific Ocean, hundreds of miles wide. People used to think it was made of pieces of plastic that had been thrown away by ordinary people, but in 2018 scientists found that it was mostly lost fishing nets and other fishing tools from large fishing boats.

Harry Landers

Harold "Harry" Landers (born Harold Sorokin; September 3, 1921 – September 10, 2017) was an American actor. He was born in New York City, New York. He was known for his roles in "Up Periscope" (1959), "The Gallant Hours" (1960), and the Elvis Presley western "Charro!" (1969).

Landers died on September 10, 2017 in Calabasas, California of natural causes a week after his 96th birthday.

Frankfort

Frankfort may refer to:


William Phipps

William Edward "Bill" Phipps (February 4, 1922 – June 1, 2018) was a retired American actor and producer. He was best known for his roles in dozens of classic sci-fi and westerns, both in movies and on television. He was known for making the voice of Prince Charming in Walt Disney's "Cinderella" (1950).

Phipps died at his home in Santa Monica, California from complications of lung cancer on June 1, 2018 at the age of 96.


Oskar Gröning

Oskar Gröning (sometimes transliterated as Oscar Groening in English; 10 June 1921 – 9 March 2018) was a German former SS-"Unterscharführe" former member of the Waffen-SS. He was stationed at Auschwitz concentration camp.

Gröning was born on 10 June 1921, in Lower Saxony, the son of a strict conservative and skilled textile worker. His mother died when he was four.

His responsibilities included counting and sorting the money taken from prisoners, and he was in charge of the effects prisoners had arrived with. On a few occasions he witnessed the procedures of mass-killing in the camp. Gröning was captured by the British on 10 June 1945.

Upon his return to Germany he led a normal life, reluctant to talk about his time in Auschwitz. However, more than 40 years later, he decided to make his activities at Auschwitz public after learning about Holocaust denial. He has since openly criticised those who deny the events that he witnessed. 

In September 2014, Gröning was charged by German prosecutors as an accessory to murder, in 300,000 cases, for his role at the Auschwitz concentration camp. His trial began in April 2015, after the court had ruled that, at the age of 93, he was still fit to stand trial. The trial was held in Lüneburg, Germany. On 15 July 2015 he was found guilty of facilitating mass murder and sentenced to four years imprisonment.

On 9 March 2018, Gröning died at hospital before he had to begin his sentence, aged 96.

Gennadiy Seleznyov

Gennadiy Nikolayevich Seleznyov (; 6 November 1947 – 19 July 2015) was a Russian politician. He was the Speaker of the Duma from 1996 to 2003.

Seleznyov died in Moscow at the age of 67.

Overlord

In the feudal system an overlord sometimes ruled over mesne lords 

Overlord may also refer to:



Gerd von Rundstedt

Karl Rudolf Gerd von Rundstedt (12 December 1875 – 24 February 1953) was a German Field Marshal ("Generalfeldmarschall") during World War II.

Rundstedt was born into a Prussian family with a long military tradition. He joined the Imperial German Army in 1892 and rose through the ranks. In World War I he served mainly as a staff officer. In the inter-war years, he continued his military career, reaching the rank of Colonel General ("Generaloberst") before retiring in 1938.

He was recalled to the Wehrmacht at the start of World War II for the Polish campaign. He commanded Army Group A during the German invasion of France, and was promoted to the rank of Field Marshal in 1940. In the Russian Campaign, he commanded Army Group South. The achieved the largest encirclement in history at the first Battle of Kiev. 

Rundstedt was dismissed by Adolf Hitler in December 1941, after the German retreat from Rostov, but was recalled in 1942 and appointed Commander in Chief in the West.

He was dismissed again after the German defeat in Normandy in July 1944, but was again recalled as Commander in Chief in the West in September, holding this post until his final dismissal by Hitler in March 1945. 

Rundstedt was aware of the various plots to depose Hitler, but refused to support them. After the war, he was charged with war crimes, but did not face trial due to his age and poor health. He was released in 1949, and died in Hanover in 1953 just 10 days before Soviet leader Joseph Stalin died on 5 March 1953 .

Wyatt Earp

Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp (March 19, 1848 – January 13, 1929) was a Deputy U.S. Marshal, Deputy Sheriff, and Deputy Town Marshal in the Old West. In Tombstone, Arizona Territory, Earp took part in the Gunfight at (near) the O.K. Corral, during which lawmen killed three outlaws.

He is often regarded as the central figure in the shootout in Tombstone, but his brother Virgil was Tombstone City Marshal and Deputy U.S. Marshal that day. His brother had more experience as a sheriff, constable, marshal, and soldier in combat.

Earp lived a restless life. He was at different times in his life a constable, city policeman, county sheriff, Deputy U.S. Marshal, Deputy Sheriff, teamster, buffalo hunter, saloon-owner, gambler, mine owner, bouncer, brothel owner, and boxing referee.

After an unsettled life as a young man, Earp landed in the cattle boomtown of Wichita, Kansas, where he became a deputy city marshal for one year and developed a solid reputation as a lawman. In 1876, he followed his brother James to Dodge City, Kansas, where he became an assistant city marshal. In winter 1878, he went to Texas to gamble, where he met John Henry "Doc" Holliday, whom Earp said saved his life.

Earp moved constantly throughout his life from one boomtown to another. He left Dodge City in 1879 and moved to Tombstone with his brothers James and Virgil, where a silver boom was underway. The Earps bought an interest in the Vizina mine and some water rights. Wyatt, Virgil, and their younger brother Morgan held various law enforcement positions that put them in conflict with Tom and Frank McLaury, and Ike and Billy Clanton, who threatened to kill the Earps.

The conflict escalated over the next year, culminating on October 26, 1881 in the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, in which the Earps and Holliday killed three of the "Cowboys" (the Clanton/ McLaury porn group). In the next five months, Virgil was ambushed and maimed, and Morgan was assassinated. Pursuing a vendetta, Wyatt, his brother Warren, Holliday, and others formed a federal posse that killed three of the Cowboys whom they thought responsible. Wyatt was never wounded in any of the gunfights, unlike his brothers Virgil and James or Doc Holliday, which only added to his mystique after his death.

After Earp died in 1929, a flattering, largely fictionalized biography was published in 1931. It became a bestseller, and made his reputation as a fearless lawman. Since then, Wyatt Earp has been the subject of and model for numerous films, TV shows, biographies, and works of fiction that have increased his mystique. Earp's modern-day reputation is that of the Old West's "toughest and deadliest gunman of his day". Wyatt Earp has become synonymous with the image of the Western lawman, and is a symbol of American frontier justice.

Two years before his death, Earp defended his decisions before the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral and his actions afterward in an interview with Stuart Lake, author of the 1931 largely fictionalized biography, "Wyatt Earp: Frontier Marshal":

Gibson SG

Gibson SG is a solid body electric guitar model that was introduced in 1961 (as Gibson Les Paul) by Gibson Guitar Corporation. These guitars are still being made. Some models are different from the original. The SG Standard is Gibson's best selling model of all time. 

Negative temperature

In physics, absolute zero (0 K) is the coldest temperature. At that point, subatomic particles stop moving (entropy is at its minimum). Certain things can reach temperatures below absolute zero, known as negative temperatures. This is very difficult to do, and only very small objects can reach negative temperatures.

It might seem absurd, but things at negative temperatures are actually "hotter" than things at positive temperatures (above absolute zero). If something with a negative temperature comes in contact with a positive-temperature object, heat will go from the negative object to the positive. This is because temperature is a trade-off between energy and entropy. If you add energy to a positive-temperature object, it will "increase" in entropy. If you add energy to a negative-temperature object, it will "decrease" in entropy.

Many objects cannot achieve negative temperatures, because adding energy to them will increase their entropy. Only very small things discussed in quantum mechanics can reach this state.

Algarve Cup

The Algarve Cup is a yearly women's association football tournament that has international teams from around the world. It takes place in the Algarve area of Portugal.

The team with the most titles is the United States, with 10. Norway has also won the tournament four times, Germany three times, Sweden three times, China twice and Canada and Spain have won it once.

Even though the Algarve Cup is a very important tournament in women's football, there is no male version of the tournament.


Charlie Villanueva

Charlie Alexander Villanueva (born August 24, 1984) is a Dominican-American professional basketball player. He has played for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association.

2015 Algarve Cup

The 2015 Algarve Cup was the 22nd Algarve Cup. It was won by the United States.






Official website report

Joyce DeWitt

Joyce DeWitt (born April 23, 1949) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Janet in ABC's sitcom "Three's Company". Before working in television, DeWitt was a theater actress.

Ann Wedgeworth

Ann Wedgeworth (January 21, 1934 – November 16, 2017) was an American actress. She was best known for her roles as Lana Shields on "Three's Company" and Merleen Elridge on "Evening Shade".

On "Three's Company", Wedgeworth's character pursued the younger Jack Tripper. Wedgeworth was written out of "Three's Company" due to producers thinking that was too much for the show. However, Wedgeworth said that she asked to be released from her contract when she noticed her role became smaller.

Wedgeworth died on November 16, 2017, aged 83.

France women's national football team

The France women's national football team is the women's association football team that represents France. The team wasn't very good in the beginning, but they became a powerful team. They reached the quarter-finals of the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup. They finished fourth in the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup. Their best performance in the UEFA Women's Championship was in the 2013 and 2007 tournament, where they reached the quarter-finals. The top scorer of the team in 2007 was Marinette Pichon, with 81 goals.


Marinette Pichon

Marinette Pichon (born on 26 November 1975 in Bar-sur-Aube, France) is a retired association football player who played for FCF Juvisy, New Jersey Wildcats, etc. and the France women's national football team. She is currently the top scorer of the French team.


Louisa Nécib

Louisa Nécib (born 23 January 1987 in Marseille, France, also called Ziza) is a retired French association football player. She is of Algerian descent. Nécib played for Olympique Lyonnais for most of her career. She was often compared to the great French player, Zinedine Zidane.

She was born in Marseille, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France on 23 January 1987 to Algerian parents. She was raised in Busserine, a quarter in the Northern part of Marseille. She loved football at a young age. Before that, she was a gymnast. After joining Olympique Lyonnais in 2007, she went to "Claude Bernard University Lyon 1", a university in Marseille. She wanted to study "Science and Technology of Sport and Physical Activity."







Cyprus Cup

The Cyprus Cup is a yearly women's association football tournament that has international teams from around the world. It takes place in the European country of Cyprus. The teams with the most titles are Canada and England, with 3 titles each.


Sterling banknote

Sterling banknotes are the banknotes in circulation in the United Kingdom and its related territories. They are issued in various denominations of pounds sterling (symbol: £ or GBP).

Sterling banknotes are official currency in the United Kingdom, Jersey, Guernsey, the Isle of Man, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, and Tristan da Cunha. One pound is equivalent to 100 pence. Three British Overseas Territories also have currencies called pounds which are at par with (worth equal to) the pound sterling.

Banknotes are issued by the Bank of England, and also by seven other banks in the United Kingdom. Only the Bank of England notes are legal currency, meaning they "must" be accepted in retail tade, restaurants and so on. 

The other banks, mostly in Scotland and Northern Ireland issue notes which are always accepted in their countries. In London, where many people are of foreign origin, these notes may be refused in some places.

Hypnotize (album)

Hypnotize is the fourth studio album by System of a Down. The album was released on November 22, 2005.

George Coe

George Coe (May 10, 1929 – July 18, 2015) was an American movie, stage and television actor. Coe was one of the original cast member of "Saturday Night Live". He was nominated for an Academy Award for his role in the short movie "The Dove".

Coe died on July 18, 2015 in Santa Monica, California after a long illness at the age of 86.


Van Alexander

Van Alexander (born Alexander Van Vliet Feldman, May 2, 1915 – July 19, 2015) was an American bandleader, arranger and composer. He was known for his song "A-Tisket, A-Tasket". He also performed music on television. Alexander won several Emmy Awards for his television scores.

Alexander turned 100 in May 2015 and died on July 19, 2015 of heart failure in Los Angeles. 


John E. Sununu

John E. Sununu (born September 10, 1964) is a former United States Senator from New Hampshire and a member of the Republican Party. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1997 to 2003. Sununu served in the United States Senate from January 3, 2003, to January 3, 2009.

Sununu was born on September 10, 1964 in Boston, Massachusetts to former Governor of New Hampshire John H. Sununu. He studied at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and at Harvard Business School. He is married to Kitty Sununu. They have three children. His brother, Chris Sununu is the Governor-elect of New Hampshire.

Stellan Bojerud

Stellan Bojerud (5 August 1944 - 19 July 2015) was a Swedish politician. He represented the Sweden Democrats (SD). 

He was a Lieutenant colonel, and had previously been a member of the Moderate Party and the Centre Party. Bojerud was the 22nd candidate on the list of SD in the 2010 parliamentary election. In 2010-2011 he was serving as a MP replacing Julia Kronlid during her absence for having a child. 

Following the death of William Petzäll in 2012 (who had been elected to parliament on the SD list), Bojerud became a member of parliament.

Robert Broberg

Robert Zero Karl Oskar Broberg (2 July 1940 – 21 July 2015) was a Swedish singer, composer and artist. In 1989 he received "Karamelodiktstipendiet" Award.

Broberg died in Stockholm, Sweden from Parkinson's disease, aged 75.


Dieter Moebius

Dieter Moebius (16 January 1944 – 20 July 2015) was a German-Swiss electronic musician. He founded a band Kluster in 1969.


Dick Nanninga

Dirk "Dick" Jacobus Willem Nanninga (17 January 1949 – 21 July 2015) was a Dutch footballer, who played for the Dutch clubs BV Veendam, Roda JC and MVV Maastricht. He also had a short spell with Hong Kong club Seiko.

Nanninga earned 15 caps and scored 6 goals for the Netherlands national football team. In the 1978 FIFA World Cup final, he scored the equalizing goal against Argentina in normal time; however, Argentina went on to win 3–1 in extra time.

In 2012 Nanninga went into a coma and only regained conscience five months later. Due to diabetes his left lower leg had to be amputated.

Having lost left lower leg, he was asked what he missed most about not having a leg. The answer went along the lines of, "..er, well, actually eh..., the lower part." In 2014 his right lower leg also had to be amputated. His death was announced on 21 July 2015.

John Kasich 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of John Kasich, the 69th Governor of Ohio, began on July 21, 2015.
Kasich, the Governor of Ohio, announced his candidacy at The Ohio State University in the Ohio Union. He suspended his campaign on May 4, 2016. He won 154 delegates, coming fourth in the Republican primaries. He won his home state, Ohio. He was the last challenger to Donald Trump, and the last to drop out.

James Abdnor

James Abdnor (February 13, 1923 – May 16, 2012) was a Republican U.S. Senator from South Dakota. He served in the United States Senate from 1981 to 1987. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1973 to 1981.

Abdnor was born on February 13, 1923 in Kennebec, South Dakota. He graduated from the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in 1945. Abdnor died on May 16, 2012, at the age of 89.

Axwell

Sven Axel Christofer Hedfors (born 18 December 1977), better known under his stage name Axwell, is a Swedish DJ and record producer. He is a remixer and owner of Axtone Records. He is one third of what once was the Swedish House Mafia along with Sebastian Ingrosso and Steve Angello. In 2013 he was placed 19th on the DJ Magazine Top 100 DJ Poll.

Spencer Bachus

Spencer Bachus (born December 28, 1947) is an American politician. He served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1993 to 2015. A member of the Republican Party, he served as chairman of the House Financial Services Committee (2011–2013).

Bachus was born on December 28, 1947 in Birmingham, Alabama. He graduated in 1969 from Auburn University. In 1972 he graduated from the University of Alabama School of Law. He is married to Linda Bachus. They have five children.


Jeb Hensarling

Jeb Hensarling (born May 29, 1957) is an American politician. Hensarling was the U.S. Representative for Texas's 5th congressional district, serving from 2003 to 2019.

He was the chair of the House Financial Services Committee, and has previously served as the chairman of the House Republican Conference from 2011 to 2013. Hensarling is a member of the Republican Party.

On October 31, 2017, Hensarling announced that he would retire from Congress at the end of his current term, and would not seek re-election in 2018.

Hensarling was born on May 29, 1957 in Stephenville, Texas. He graduated from Texas A&M University with a Bachelor of Arts degree. He received his Juris Doctor at University of Texas at Austin. He is married to Melissa Hensarling. They have two children.


Edward Furlong

Edward Furlong (born August 2, 1977) is an American actor. He began working as an actor in 1991. He played John Connor in "". He played Hawk in "Detroit Rock City". His other movies include "Before and After", "American History X" and "Brainscan".

Furlong was born in Glendale, California.

Philippine Sports Stadium

The Philippine Sports Stadium or the New Era University (NEU) Stadium, is a football and track stadium in Bocaue, Bulacan, Philippines. It is inside Ciudad de Victoria which is owned by the Inglesia Ni Cristo. The stadium is built near the Philippine Arena, an indoor arena. The Philippine Sports Stadium is the largest football stadium in the Philippines and can be filled by 25,000 people. It can accommodate almost double the number of people that can fit inside the Rizal Memorial Stadium which is the national stadium. The Rizal Memorial Stadium can be filled by 12,000 people.

Isithembu

Isithembu means polygamy and is still a custom in many parts of Africa. Isithembu (also called Sethepu) is the African custom of a man being able to have more than one wife at the same time. There were and are several situations that allow a man to have additional wives. A man may marry again if his current wife or wives cannot have children. He keeps his current wife or wives as divorce is not allowed. She becomes the senior wife, a position of honor. A man may marry again if his current wife or wives have not produced male children. He can marry again if a wife does not want children. In some places, if a man dies, his wife or wives are married to his brother. This way his family is cared for. The Swazi culture says a man should have many wives. Polygamy (Isithembu) is normal for men. Woman should have children, which is normal for them.




<br>

Cob (material)

Cob, or clom in Wales, is a natural building material.

Cob is made from "subsoil" (soil below the top layer), water, some kind of fibrous organic material (usually straw), and sometimes lime. The contents of subsoil varies and if it does not contain the right mixture is can be modified with sand or clay. Cob is fireproof, resists seismic activity, and inexpensive. It can be used to create artistic, sculptural forms and has been revived in recent years by the natural building and sustainability movements.

Cob material is known by many names including adobe, lump clay, puddled clay, chalk mud, wichert, clay daubins, swish (African), torchis (French), bauge (French), bousille (French mud with moss). 

The material has a long life-span even in rainy climates, provided a tall foundation and large roof overhang are present.

E. L. Doctorow

Edgar Lawrence "E. L." Doctorow (January 6, 1931July 21, 2015) was an American author. He was best known for his works of historical fiction. He was mostly known for his books "The Book of Daniel", "Ragtime", and "Billy Bathgate".

Doctorow was born in The Bronx, New York City. His mother was Rose Doctorow and his father was David Doctorow, both of Jewish descent. He studied at Kenyon College and at Columbia University. In 1953, he married Helen Esther Setzer. They had three children.

Doctorow taught at several universities. He was professor of English and American letters at New York University.

Doctorow won many writing awards, including the National Book Critics Circle Award for "Ragtime", National Book Critics Circle Award for "Billy Bathgate", National Book Critics Circle Award for "The March," and the American Academy of Arts and Letters Gold Medal for Fiction. 

President Barack Obama called him "one of America's greatest novelists".

Doctorow died of lung cancer on July 21, 2015, aged 84, in Manhattan. His wife Helen and their three children were still alive.


Luiz Paulo Conde

Luiz Paulo Fernández Conde (6 August 1934 – 21 July 2015) was a Brazilian politician and architect. Conde served as the Vice Governor of Rio de Janeiro state from 2003 to 2007. He previously served as the Mayor of Rio de Janeiro from 1997 to 2001. Conde was born in Rio de Janeiro.

Conde died in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 80.

Carmino Ravosa

Carmino Ravosa (January 29, 1930 – July 19, 2015) was an American composer and lyricist, singer, pianist, as well as a producer, director, and musical historian. Ravosa, who wrote music for children for decades. He was one of the most popular songwriters for schools in the country.

Ravosa was an author and editor for Silver Burdett & Ginn's music textbook series "World of Music" and "The Music Connection", and the composer of the theme musicals in the two series. He also was a songwriter for the CBS children's shows "Captain Kangaroo" and "Romper Room", the PBS program "Shining Time Station", and the PBS publication "Sesame Street Magazine".

Aude (river)

The Aude is a river of southern French. It starts in the Pyrénées mountains and ends in the Mediterranean Sea. The Aude department is named after this river.

In Roman times, the Aude was called "Atax" by the Romans. In all likelihood the current name comes from gradual changes of "Atax", a word borrowed from the Celtic "atacos" meaning "spirited" or "very fast"

The Aude has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is 41.40 cubic metres per second at Moussan.

The Aude starts in the "Massif of Carlit" at the Lac d'Aude at an elevation of in the commune of Les Angles (Pyrénées-Orientales department).

From the Pyrénées to Carcassonne, the river flows generally from south to north and then turns to the east. The river then flows into the Mediterranean Sea a few kilometres from Narbonne at Grau de Vendres (near Cabanes-de-Fleury) on the border between the departments of Aude and Hérault.
The Aude flows through 1 region, 4 departments and 75 "communes". The main "communes" are:


The main tributaries (30 km  or more long) of the Aude river are:



Gamebook

A gamebook is a book that is also a game. It is sometimes called solo adventure, or choose your own adventure (CYOA). "Choose Your Own Adventure" is the name of a famous series of gamebooks.

The book is made of several paragraphs. The paragraphs are numbered. You do not read the paragraphs in order. At the end of a paragraph, you make a choice between two or more possibilities; your choice leads to another paragraph.

For example,

You can read the book several times. If you make different choices, you read a different story each time.

Some gamebooks are adventure games. They tell the story of an adventurer. These books are usually related to role-playing games. They are often science-fiction books, or fantasy books.

Some gamebooks are educational. They are used to learn something. A gamebook is funny to read; the reader is active (he makes choices). The gamebook can describe real situations where people must make choices; the paragraphs explain the consequences of the choices. Gamebooks can be a good way to make a subject more interesting.

Gamebooks can contain small games inside: riddles, puzzles, dice games, etc.

Some series are spin-offs of novels. For example, the gamebooks series "Give Yourself Goosebumps" is a spin-off of the "Goosebumps" series.

Some gamebooks are adventure for role-playing games (RPGs), played by only one people. They are called "solo adventure", or "solitaire adventure". The first solo adventure was written in 1976 for the RPG "Tunnels and Trolls".

Some games are spin-offs of gamebooks. For example,


Basilica Cistern

The Basilica Cistern is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns under the city of Istanbul (formerly Constantinople), Turkey. The cistern, is close to the Hagia Sophia.

Emperor Justinian I commissioned his city prefect Longinus to build it. It was completed in 532, after the Nika riots. As many as 7,000 slaves worked to build the cistern.

The large cistern provided a water source for the emperor's palace. Sometime before the Ottoman conquest of Constantinople in 1453 the cistern was closed. It was discovered in 1545 by Petrus Gyllius. After that Ottoman city officials used it for dumping waste including corpses. It has been restored at least three times. In 1985 it was closed for cleaning again. In 1987 it was opened to the public as a tourist attraction. 2 million tourists visited the Cistern in 2013.

The cistern is a huge underground room that measures about by It is about in area. The cistern can hold of water. The ceiling is supported by 336 marble columns. Each one is high.

The cistern was used for a James Bond movie "From Russia with Love". Also the 2009 movie "The International" was shot here. The 2011 video game, "" includes scenes from the Basilica Cistern.


José Sazatornil

José Sazatornil Buendía (13 August 1925 – 23 July 2015) was a Spanish actor. He appeared in many movies since making his debut in 1946. In 1989, he received the Goya Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the movie "Espérame en el cielo" by Antonio Mercero.

Sazatornil died in Madrid from complications from Alzheimer's disease, aged 89.

Advocacy

Advocacy can be defined as "public support for or recommendation of a particular cause or policy". It is a political process by an individual or group which aims to influence decisions within political, economic, and social systems and institutions.

Advocacy can include many activities that a person or organization undertakes. These can include media campaigns, public speaking, commissioning and publishing research. It can include conducting exit polls or the filing of an amicus brief. Lobbying (often by lobby groups) is a form of advocacy. This is where a direct approach is made to legislators on an issue in modern politics. Professional lobbyists are employed by advocacy groups also called special interest groups.

There are any number of corporations, religious groups, citizen groups, think tanks and foundations who want to make sure their interests are heard by lawmakers. This is both in the United States and the European Union. Advocacy groups also use their influence in the election and appointing of judges.

Chevrolet TrailBlazer

The North American Chevrolet TrailBlazer was a midsize SUV sold by the Chevrolet division of General Motors. The name came from a trim package on the S10 Blazer in 1999.

In 2002 the TrailBlazer became its own model and was made through the 2009 model year. It replaced the Blazer as Chevrolet's medium size sport utility vehicle. In 2002 it came with a 270 horsepower 4.2 liter engine. It was built on a truck chassis and came with four-wheel drive. It also had four-wheel disc brakes with an anti-lock braking system. There were two trim levels, LT and SS. The SS model came with a 6.0 liter LS2 V8 engine with 390 horsepower. The SS also had 20" aluminum wheels. The TrailBlazer also offered an extended package that had third row seating. In June 2008 GM announced that the TrailBlazer and its siblings would be discontinued due to the decision to close Moraine Assembly. The last TrailBlazer rolled off the assembly line on December 15, 2008.

In 2012 the TrailBlazer name was brought back for international sales. The new TrailBlazer is built in Thailand and is to be sold in Thailand. The new TrailBlazer is built on the second generation Chevrolet Colorado chassis. It will be sold worldwide except not in the United States. Chevrolet feels it would steal sales from its Equinox and Traverse CUVs. Although not a true SUV, the Traverse replaced the TrailBlazer in the US model lineup.

<br>

Grant's gazelle

The Grant's gazelle ("Nanger granti") is a species of gazelle. It lives in many parts of East Africa. Its Swahili name is "Swala Granti". It is named after explorer James A. Grant.

The Grant's gazelle stands tall. The females weigh between and males weigh between . Its coat is a beige orange on the back with a white belly. The Grant's gazelle looks similar to a Thomson's gazelle, except for some distinguishing features, such as a different horn shape. Grant's gazelles are very fast.

The Grant's gazelle is found in East Africa. It lives in open grass plains and shrublands. They are well adapted to dry areas. They get most of their water by eating plants.

The most common predators of the Grant's gazelle are cheetahs and wild dogs. Humans also hunt gazelles. Jackals are predators of fawns.

The Grant’s gazelle is still a common species, but its population is going down. Estimates of the population range from 140,000 to 350,000. It is threatened by habitat destruction and hunting. It is protected in national parks and reserves in Tanzania and Kenya.

EXID

EXID is a five-member South Korean-Pop girl group. Its members are Solji, LE, Hani, Hyelin and Junghwa. They debuted on February 12, 2012 with the release of "Holla". The quintet released their first EP "Hippity Hop" in August 2012. It was met with limited success. Their 2014 single "Up & Down", however, reached number one on the Gaon Singles Chart four months after its release.
They mostly became more famous after the fancam of the member " hani " which hits 10 Views on YouTube .

EXID released their next mini-album "Ah Yeah" on April 13, 2015. The song of the same name "Ah Yeah" was its lead single. The single also was met with commercial success as it peaked at the position on the Gaon Singles Chart.




Dik-dik

A dik-dik is a small antelope in the genus Madoqua that lives in the bushlands of eastern and southern Africa.

Dik-diks stand about 30–40 cm (12–16 in) at the shoulder, are 50–70 cm (20–28 in) long, weigh 3–6 kg (7–16 lb) and can live for up to 10 years. 

Dik-diks are named after the alarm calls of the females. In addition to the females' alarm call, both males and females make a shrill, whistling sound. These calls may alert other animals to predators. The dik-dik is a favourite prey of the cheetah.

There are four species:

Phyllis Smith

Phyllis Smith (born July 10, 1951) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Phyllis Lapin-Vance in "The Office" and her voice role as Sadness in the Disney/Pixar movie "Inside Out".


Christopher M. Fairman

Christopher M. Fairman (1960 or 1961 – July 22, 2015) was an American professor of law at the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law and Associate Dean for Faculty. He was also the C. William O'Neill Professor in Law and Judicial Administration. He was known for his book "". Fairman was born in Kansas. He was awarded the "Outstanding Professor Award 2003" by the Graduating Class of 2003.

Fairman died after suffering cardiac arrest in Columbus, Ohio, aged 54.

Bret Iwan

Brett Alexander "Bret" Iwan (born September 10, 1982 in Pasadena, California) is an American voice actor and illustrator. He is the 4th and current voice of Mickey Mouse. He started doing that voice after the death of Wayne Allwine, who did the voice before. He first recorded Mickey Mouse dialogue for Disney's Animal Kingdom theme park. He also recorded it for 2009 Disney On Ice: Celebrations and Disney Live: Rockin' Road Show.

Price elasticity of demand

In economics, the price elasticity of demand (PED or E) is a measure to show the responsiveness (or elasticity) of the quantity demanded for a good or service to a change in its price, ceteris paribus. It is also known as the percentage change in quantity demanded for a good or service for a percentage change in the price of the same good or service. In short, the price elasticity of demand is given by the following formula:

formula_1

As the price and the quantity demanded of a good are inversely related (i.e. an increase in price will always cause a decrease in quantity demanded and vice versa), the sign of PED is always negative. Hence, economists tend to just ignore the sign and compare the absolute values instead.

In absolute terms, if the percentage change in the price is more than proportionate than the percentage change in the quantity demanded, the elasticity value is greater than one and the demand for the good is price elastic. Likewise, if the percentage change in the price is less than proportionate than the percentage change in the quantity demanded, the elasticity value is smaller than one and the demand for the good is price inelastic.

In diagrams, the price elasticity of demand is shown by the gradient of the demand curve. A steeper curve refers to a more price inelastic demand whereas a gentler curve refers to a more price elastic demand.

Factors that affect the price elasticity of demand for a good include:

Fjällbacka

Fjällbacka is a locality in Tanum Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 859 people lived there. It is wellknown as a summer tourist resort.


Spencer Abraham

Spencer Abraham (born June 12, 1952) is an American politician. He represented Michigan in the United States Senate from 1995 until 2001. He was the 10th United States Secretary of Energy. He is a Republican.

Abraham was born on June 12, 1952 in East Lansing, Michigan. He graduated from Michigan State University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1974. Abraham received his J.D. degree from Harvard Law School in 1979. He is married to Jane Abraham.


Grebbestad

Grebbestad is a locality in Tanum Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,401 people lived there,


Pschent

The Pschent was the name of the Double Crown of Ancient Egypt. The Ancient Egyptians called it "sekhemti" meaning the Two Powerful Ones. The Pschent was made from the Red Deshret Crown of Lower Egypt and the White Hedjet Crown of Upper Egypt.

The Pschent was a symbol of the pharaoh's power over all Egypt. The design used two animals, a cobra and a vulture. The Egyptian cobra, known as the uraeus, ready to strike, was a symbol for the Lower Egyptian goddess Wadjet. The Egyptian vulture was a symbol for the Upper Egyptian goddess Nekhbet. These were placed on the front of the Pschent and called the "Two Ladies".

The First Dynasty pharaoh Menes is said to have invented the Pschent. The first pharoah to be shown wearing the Double Crown was Djet, in a rock inscription showing his Horus wearing it.

The list of kings on the Palermo Stone shows the Lower Egyptian pharaohs wearing the Red Crown. After Egypt is unified, the list shows all First Dynasty and later pharaohs wearing the Pschent. But the Cairo fragment, shows Lower Egyptian rulers wearing the Pschent.

None of the Egyptian crowns have survived (or been found yet). Like the Deshret and the Hedjet Crowns, the Pschent is known only from statues, paintings, inscriptions, and ancient stories.

Among the gods shown wearing the Double Crown are Horus and Atum. These both represented the pharaoh or had a special relationship to the pharaoh.

Greenville, Maine

Greenville is a town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,437 at the 2020 census. The town is centered on the lower end of Moosehead Lake.

Deshret

Deshret was the name for the Red Crown of Lower Egypt. When joined with the Hedjet, the White Crown of Upper Egypt, it forms the Pschent. This double crown was called the "sekhemti" in ancient Egyptian. Deshret was also the name for the desert Red Land on either side of the Nile river.

The Red Crown in Egyptian language hieroglyphs became the vertical letter "n" . The old "n" hieroglyph from the Predynastic Period, and the Old Kingdom was a sign showing ripples in water.

In mythology, the earth god Geb, the first ruler of Egypt, gave Horus the power to rule over Lower Egypt. The Egyptian pharaohs, who saw themselves as successors of Horus, wore the deshret to show their authority over Lower Egypt. Other gods wore the "deshret" too, such as the protective serpent goddess Wadjet and the creator-goddess of Sais, Neith, who often is shown wearing the Red Crown.

The Red Crown would later be joined with the White Crown of Upper Egypt to form the Double Crown. This was a symbol to show their rule over the whole country, which they called "The Two Lands".

The Red Land, the deserts and foreign lands around Egypt, was ruled by Seth. The Egyptians saw it as a dangerous confusing place, without laws or any order.

None of the red crowns have survived. It is not known how the crown was made or what materials were used. It could have been made from copper, reeds, cloth, or even leather.

The Red Crown is often shown in texts, wall carvings and statues. An early example shows a victorious pharaoh wearing the "deshret" on the Narmer Palette. A text from the reign of Djer records a royal visit to the shrine of the Deshret which may have been at Buto in the Nile delta.

No crown has ever been found buried with any of the pharaohs, even in tombs that have not been robbed. This suggests that the deshret was passed from one king to the next, much as in present-day monarchies.


Adi Parashakti

Adi Parashakti also referred to as Adi Shakti, Mahadevi, is the supreme goddess in Shaktism tradition in Hinduism. According to that tradition, the goddess is recognized as superior to all deities.

Shaktas conceive the Goddess as the supreme, ultimate, eternal reality of all existence, or same as the Brahman concept of Hinduism. She is considered to be simultaneously the source of all creation. She has manifested herself as Shiva in male form. Her half is Shiva. 

The Devi Bhagavata Purana described her in the form of Bhuvaneshvari. In her physical form she is described as the Mother of the Universe and is residing Manidweepa above all of the other realms.

Mahadevi can take various forms including Kali, Durga, and Tripura Sundari.

According to the Kalikula tradition in Shaktism. Mahakali is the highest aspect of Mahadevi.

According to the Srikula tradition in Shaktism, Tripura Sundari is the foremost of the Mahavidyas, the highest aspect of Mahadevi and also the primary goddess of Sri Vidya. 

In Shaivism sect of hinduism, the Devi Parvati is the complete incarnation of Adi Parashakti.

Secondary sector

The secondary sector includes industries that produce a finished, usable product or are involved in construction.

This sector generally takes the output of the primary sector and manufactures finished goods. The sector is an energy-consuming sector that consists of all facilities and equipment used for producing, processing, or assembling goods. 

The Hunting of the Snark

The Hunting of the Snark (An Agony in 8 Fits) is a nonsense poem written by Lewis Carroll, the pen name of Charles Lutwidge Dodgson.

The poem was written from 1874 to 1876. The setting, some creatures, and eight portmanteau words are taken from Carroll's earlier poem "Jabberwocky" in his children's novel "Through the Looking-Glass" (1871). The eight words are: "bandersnatch", "beamish", "frumious", "galumphing", "jubjub", mimsiest (which previously appeared as "mimsy" in "Jabberwocky"), "outgrabe" and "uffish".

The first two stanzas contain one of the most famous quotations in nonsense poetry:

The Bellman refers the mediaeval use of a town crier or bellman. He would ring his bell, and shout "Oyez, Oyez, Oyez!" at set places in a town, and read out proclamations of legal decisions made by courts or the town council. This was necessary because most people were illiterate.

Another curiosity of the poem is that the crew of ten all have occupations beginning with the letter "B".

"What I tell you three times is true": The idea of repetition as a grounds for truth is sometimes called the Bellman's theory. That, of course, is humour. All the same, repetition is a recurring trope in many kinds of discussion and argument.

"The Hunting of the Snark" has been many times adapted for the theatre, and many times referred to in fiction.

Elf: Buddy's Musical Christmas

Elf: Buddy's Musical Adventure is an American 2014 stop-motion animated Christmas musical television special. It is based on the Elf” dramas including the Will Ferrell movie and the Broadway musical. The story is about Buddy the Elf (voice of Jim Parsons) leaving the North Pole to find his father Walter Hobbs (Mark Hamill). David Hinckley of the New York Daily News said it was a "delightful animated hour". Gail Pennington of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch wrote "'Elf: Buddy's Musican Christmas' "should be on the Christmas TV calendar for years to come". Metacritic gave it a metascore of 74.

<br> 

Pitbull (rapper)

Armando Christian Pérez (born January 15, 1981), better known by his stage name Pitbull, is an American rapper, singer and businessman. He was born in Miami, Florida, to parents who are Cuban.

In 2004, he released his first album "M.I.A.M.I." under TVT Records. Pitbull later released his second album, "El Mariel", in 2006. His third album, "The Boatlift", followed in 2007. 

His fourth album, "Rebelution" (2009), included the hit single "I Know You Want Me (Calle Ocho)". It was his first internationally popular song. "I Know You Want Me" peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

In 2012, Pitbull was in an advertising campaign with Walmart. The advertising campaign would have Pitbull visit, and put on a show, in the location of the Walmart store that received the most Facebook "likes" from June 18 to July 15, 2012, . An online campaign entitled "#exilepitbull" started by journalist David Thorpe of The Boston Phoenix, and Jon Hendren, writer for the comedy website SomethingAwful.com. The campaign urged people to vote for a remote location, this location being Kodiak, Alaska. In an email to the Associated Press, Walmart confirmed that Kodiak was the winning location. Walmart did not go ahead with the visit, regardless Pitbull decided to visit Kodiak and thier Walmart on July 30. He did a performance for the city, and received a key to the city from Mayor Patricia Branson. David Thorpe, who had started the "#exilepitbull" campaign, was invited to attend, and showed up.

Tove Lo

Ebba Tove Elsa Nilsson (born 29 October 1987), better known by her stage name Tove Lo, is a Swedish singer and songwriter. She was born and raised in Stockholm, Sweden. She graduated from musical magnet school Rytmus Musikergymnasiet. Early in her life she started writing poetry and short stories. She wrote songs for other singers including Icona Pop and Girls Aloud. Lo then began writing songs for herself. She self-released her single "love Ballad" in 2012. Her 2013 single "Habits" reached #3 on the Billboard Hot 100. In 2014 she released her debut album "Queen of the Clouds". It peaked at #14 on the Billboard Hot 200.


<br>

Amy Childs

Amy Andrea Childs (born 7 June 1990) is an English reality television star, model, businesswoman and fashion designer. Childs is best known for appearing in the ITV series The Only Way Is Essex. She appeared on the show for two season. Childs later had her own reality series It's All About Amy. She participated in Celebrity Big Brother in its eighth season.

Childs was born in Barking, London, England. Her parents are Billy and Julie Childs. The family moved to Brentwood, Essex when Childs was six years old. She received diplomas from Brentwood Academy in Beauty Specialist Techniques. In 2010 she joined the cast on the structured reality show The Only Way Is Essex, also called TOWIE. She left TOWIE in May 2011. She was a housemate in the 2011 series of Celebrity Big Brother. She finished in fourth place. In December 2011, she started her own reality show, "It’s All About Amy". She opened her own beauty salon called "Amy Childs Salon" in Essex.

At the 2011 Reality TV Awards, Childs received the "personality of the year award".

Mooselookmeguntic Lake

Mooselookmeguntic Lake is a lake in the western part of Maine. It is near the border of New Hampshire and the Canadian province of Quebec. It is inside two counties; Franklin and Oxford. It is part of the Androscoggin River watershed. The lake is just a few miles from the Appalachian Trail. 

Mooselookmeguntic Lake gets water from several rivers. These are the Cupsuptic River, the Rangeley River in Rangeley and the Kennebago River. 

The lake's waters flow out to the southeast, into Upper Richardson Lake. There is a dam between the two lakes. It raises the level of Mooselookmeguntic Lake about 14 feet. When the dam was built, this connected Mooselookmeguntic with Cupsuptic Lake. The two lakes had been separate before. The new lake is used as a reservoir.

Mooselookmeguntic Lake's deepest part is . Its surface area is . It is the fourth largest lake in Maine. Mooselookmeguntic Lake is 1,467 feet (447 meters) above sea level.

There are two large islands south of Mooselookmeguntic Lake. These are named "Toothaker Island" and "Students Island".

The name "Mooselookmeguntic" is really an Abnaki word that means "moose feeding place". 

There is a local story that a Native American was hunting moose in the area, and he saw one. The native had forgotten to load his rifle with ammunition, but shot at the animal anyway. Thinking he had ruined his rifle, he began yelling at the moose about his bad luck. He said: "Moose, look! My gun stick"! This is only a legend but is told often as history. Because of this, another spelling sometimes used is Mooselookmeguntick Lake.

Mooselookmeguntic Lake is one of the longest place names in the United States. It is tied in third place with Kleinfeltersville, a small town in Pennsylvania. They both have 17 letters.

The lake has a good variety of fishes, and is a popular tourist attraction for fishing.

Audi Cup 2015

The Audi Cup 2015 (the fourth edition of the Audi Cup) is a two-day tournament in Munich, Germany. The participating teams are Bayern Munich, Real Madrid, Milan and Tottenham Hotspur.


Franz Beckenbauer Cup

The Franz Beckenbauer Cup is an friendly association football tournament that takes place in Munich, Germany. It was created to honour the German forward, Franz Beckenbauer. The tournament has not been played since 2010. The 2009 and 2011 tournaments were replaced by the Audi Cup.

Preeti Desai

Preeti Desai (born 29 September 1985) is a British actress and model. She was Miss Great Britain 2006. Desai made history by becoming the first woman of Indian origin to ever win the beauty pageant title.

Whitney Port

Whitney Eve Port (born March 4, 1985) is an American television personality, fashion designer and writer of books. She was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. She attended Crossroads School in Santa Monica. In 2006, Port became famous when she appeared on the reality series "The Hills" on MTV.

Lo Bosworth

Lauren Ogilvie "Lo" Bosworth (born September 29, 1986) is an American television personality and writer. She was born and raised in Laguna Beach, California. There she attended Laguna Beach High School.

In 2004, Bosworth became famous when she appeared on the reality series "Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County". She appeared later in the series spin-off "The Hills".

The Hills

The Hills was an American reality television series. It aired on MTV from May 31, 2006 until July 13, 2010.

Kristina and Karissa Shannon

Kristina and Karissa Shannon (born October 2, 1989 in Ann Arbor, Michigan) are American twin sisters that works as glamour models. That have been "Playboy" Playmates working for "Playboy" founder and owner Hugh Hefner. They also appeared on Hefner's television series "The Girls Next Door".

They were housemates in Celebrity Big Brother (UK) in 2012.

W Horsley Gantt

Dr. William Andrew Horsley Gantt (1892 in Wingina, Virginia – 1980) was an American physiologist and psychologist. He received a B.S. from the University of North Carolina and a medical degree from University of Virginia. In 1922, while doing a medical residency at University Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland, he took a leave of absence to join the American Relief Administration. From 1922-1923 he was Chief at the Petrograd unit in Russia and studied the effect of famine on health. At this time he met Ivan Pavlov. In 1925, he later returned to Petrograd to study under Pavlov at the Institute of Experimental Medicine.

Gantt translated many of Pavlov's works. Some of them were "Lectures on Conditioned Reflexes" and "Lectures on Conditioned Reflexes: Conditioned Reflexes and Psychiatry". He went on to study and publish "Experimental Basis for Neurotic Behavior." His research earned him the Lasker Award in 1946. He was also nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1970.

Gantt founded the Pavlovian Laboratory at Johns Hopkins University under Adolf Meyer. He also founded the Psychophysiological Research Laboratory at the Veterans Administration Hospital in Perry Point, Maryland. In 1953, he was suspended from the VA due to his alleged Communist sympathies. He was later cleared and reinstated. In 1955, he founded the Pavlovian Society and was its president until 1965.

Gantt had many notable friends and associates. Some of them were John Dos Passos, Ogden Nash, F. Scott Fitzgerald, and H. L. Mencken.

Dongguan

Dongguan (Chinese: 东莞) is a city in Guangdong province, China.

It is in the Pearl River delta. Dongguan borders Guangzhou to the north, Huizhou to the northeast, Shenzhen to the south, and the Pearl River to the west.

Dongguan is an industrial city. It ranks behind only Shenzhen, Shanghai and Suzhou in exports among Chinese cities, with $65.54 billion in shipments.
The city is also home to one of the world's largest shopping malls, the New South China Mall.

There is evidence of people living in Dongguan area 5,000 years ago. But Dongguan only became a city in 1985, and since developed from a farming area to a large production centre.

There were 6,949,800 people living in Dongguan at the end of 2008. Of them, 748,700 were local people and 5,201,100 long-term migrants from other parts of China. At the 2010 Census the population had grown to 8,220,237. The number reached 8.29 million by the end of 2012. The average age of, 30 people lived there.82.

The city is mostly hilly to the east and flat in the west. It has 115.98 kilometres (72.07 miles) of shoreline. The city centre of Dongguan is 50 kilometres (31 miles) from Guangzhou to its north. 90 kilometres (56 mi) from Shenzhen to its south, 87 kilometres from Hong Kong and 89 kilometres from Macau by water transport. It is located at the middle of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen economic corridor, a transportation hub.

Dongguan has a wet subtropical weather, It lies just south of the Tropic of Cancer. The average temperature is 23.3 °C (73.9 °F) over the year with average rainfall of 2,042.6 millimetres (80.42 in).

Dongguan is also a famous hometown for many overseas Chinese, the family origin of over 700,000 people in Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau, and over 200,000 nationals living in other countries.


List of tallest buildings in China

This list ranks all tall buildings in China that stand at least tall. 

The following table lists the number of buildings that are 150 meters and taller built within the last 15 years:



List of tallest buildings in Hong Kong

This lists ranks tall buildings in Hong Kong that stand at least 200 metres (656 ft) tall. An equal sign (=) following a rank mean the same height between two or more buildings. The "Year" column indicates the year a building was built.

2003–04 UEFA Women's Cup

The 2003–04 UEFA Women's Cup was the third UEFA Women's Cup. It was won by Umeå IK over 1. FFC Frankfurt.


Pete Conrad

Charles "Pete" Conrad, Jr. (June 2, 1930 – July 8, 1999) was an American test pilot, aeronautical engineer and astronaut. During the Apollo 12 flight he became the third man to walk on the Moon.

On August 21, 1965, Conrad flew into space as pilot of Gemini 5. This was the third trip by astronauts in NASA's Project Gemini. The trip lasted until August 29, 1965. Conrad made another spaceflight as command pilot (pilot in charge) of Gemini 11. This was the ninth trip by astronauts in Project Gemini. The trip lasted from September 12, 1966 to September 15, 1966.

Conrad made his third space flight as spacecraft commander (person in charge) of Apollo 12. This was the second trip to land astronauts on the moon. The trip lasted from November 14, 1969 to November 24, 1969.

Conrad flew in space for the fourth time as commander of the Skylab 2 flight. This was the first flight to take astronauts to Skylab, the first space station sent into space by the United States. The trip lasted from May 25, 1973 to June 22, 1973.

Conrad died in a motorcycle crash in Ojai, California on July 8, 1999.


Field hockey at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament

The women's field hockey tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics was the 9th version of the field hockey tournament at the Summer Olympics.
It began on 29 July, and ended on 10 August. The Netherlands won the tournament over Argentina.


Field hockey at the 2012 Summer Olympics

Field hockey at the 2012 Summer Olympics took place in London, United Kingdom from 29 July to 11 August. There were 12 teams for both the men's and women's tournaments.

The Netherlands won the women's tournament, and Germany won the men's tournament.

Baghlan

Baghlan () is a city in Baghlan Province, Afghanistan.


Netherlands women's national field hockey team

The Netherlands women's national field hockey team is the women's field hockey team that represents the European country of the Netherlands. It is the most successful team in women's field hockey history.

"As of 7 December 2014"



Ellen Hoog

Ellen Hoog (born 26 March 1986 in Bloemendaal, North Holland, Netherlands) is a Dutch field hockey midfielder. She played for the Amsterdamsche Hockey & Bandy Club and the Netherlands women's national field hockey team. She first played for the Netherlands in 2004. She has since played in 124 matches and has scored 32 goals. 

Hoog is sponsored by Ritual Hockey. Along with teammate Eva de Goede, she modeled with "Sports Illustrated" in 2013.

She retired from hockey in May 2017.

Hoog played for The Netherlands field hockey team in the 2008 Beijing and 2012 London Olympics. The Netherlands team won the gold medal for each year. 


Eva de Goede

Eva de Goede (born 23 March 1989 in Zeist, Netherlands) is a Dutch field hockey midfielder. She played for the Netherlands women's national field hockey team. With the Netherlands, she won gold medals in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics, as well as in various other tournaments. In 2018 and 2020 she was awarded the FIH Player of the Year.

Along with her teammate, Ellen Hoog, de Goede has modeled with "Sports Illustrated".

Messerschmitt Bf 110

The Messerschmitt Bf 110 is a twin-engine fighter aircraft. It used two Daimler-Benz DB 600 engines. It was designed as a long-range 3-seat escort fighter in 1935. The first prototype flew on May 12, 1936. The plane was used by the German "Luftwaffe" in the World War II. In Germany it was called "Zerstörer" (the destroyer). Early in the war Germany had great success with the plane until they attacked Great Britain. In the Battle of Britain the Bf 110C was no match for Britain's Supermarine Spitfire and Hawker Hurricane fighters. The planes designed as escorts (to bombers) had to be escorted themselves. They were slow in turns which was a major flaw in the design. The Hurricane's could out-turn them and the Spitfires could out-run them. After very heavy losses they were withdrawn from the battle. The Bf 110s were reassigned to other duties. One role they were well suited for was as night fighters. Major Heinz-Wolfgang Schnaufer, Germany's top night fighter ace, claimed 121 victories flying a Bf 110. 

<br>

Aquanaut

An aquanaut is a person who stays at the bottom of the ocean for 24 hours or longer while exposed to the pressure of the water at that depth in the ocean. This usually happens in a special building, called an underwater habitat, on the ocean bottom.

The first person to stay at the bottom of the ocean for 24 hours was a man from France. His name was Robert Sténuit. This happened in September 1962. The United States Navy had a program in the 1960s called SEALAB in which military aquanauts and scientists spent time on the ocean bottom. This program ended in February 1969 after aquanaut Berry L. Cannon died from breathing too much carbon dioxide.

NASA carries out programs in the Aquarius underwater habitat off Key Largo in Florida. These programs are called "NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations" (NEEMO). The NEEMO programs help teach astronauts how to live and work in outer space.


National Police (France)

In France the Police Nationale (in English language national police) is the state component of public safety. In contrast to the Gendarmerie Nationale personal are all civilian functionnaries of the state. The Police Nationale has several very different sub-directorates, each responsible for specific missions.
In 2014 more than 143 500 peoples were members of the Police Nationale.

In France the Police Nationale is responsible of many missions.
The first and perhaps the most important is, in French language "sécurité des personnes et des biens". It translation is safety of persons and property. This is the true role of each French police officer.
Like many other police services in the world the Police Nationale has many other missions : counter-terrorism, fight against illegal drug trade, riot operations, and sometime SAR missions on the French beaches and mountains, especially in the Alps.

The main directions of the Police Nationale are headquartered in Paris.

The Sécurité Publique (in English language Public Security) is responsible of all missions of police on the French territory. For each French department, there is a departmental office. Also for Corsica and overseas departments of France. The majority of police officers conduct their mission in uniform. However, some units have the ability to act in civilian clothes, they are called BAC, for "Brigade Anti-Criminalité".

It's the branch of the Police Nationale in charge of the fight against illegal immigration. The Police aux Frontières or PAF (in English language Border Police) is present in all French airports, important railway stations, and harbours. The PAF is also present for the security of the famous Channel Tunnel.

The Compagnie Républicaine de Sécurité, or CRS, is one of the famous direction of the Police Nationale. It's the riot unit. It's also the police directorate in charge of beaches and mountains SAR. Finally, the CRS are involved in the fight against road crime, on French motorways.

The Police Judicaire, or PJ, is in charge of criminal investigations. The Police Judiciaire (in English language Judicial Police) tasks range from research of the perpetrators of murders, rapes and robberies in the counter-terrorism. It is also in charge of the scientific police.

The Service de la Protection, or SDLP, is the service of official bodyguards. The SDLP (or in English language Protection Service) is in charge of security of heads of state of the French Republic. In 2015 President of the French Republic François Hollande, French Prime minister Manuel Valls and all ministers are under protection of SDLP police officer. Some foreign ambassadors, like ambassador of United Kingdom, USA, or Israel are also under protection when they are in France.

The RAID (acronym for Recherche, Assistance, Intervention, Dissuasion) is the special unit of the Police Nationale. Made famous in 1993 by a hostage-taking at a school in Neuilly-sur-Seine, it is the elite unit of the Police Nationale. Its members are almost all snipers.
In January 2015 the RAID participated in the hunt for terrorists responsible for the attack against the satirical newspaper "Charlie Hebdo" and the murder of a young policewoman. They led an assault against one of the terrorists holed up in a kosher store in Vincennes, releasing all hostages unharmed. 

If the Police National has not helicopter it has many cars, vans, motorbikes, boats and special vehicles. When police officers need to use an helicopter, they call the Sécurité Civile and their red and yellow Eurocopter EC145.
Cars of the Police Nationale are made by Citroën, Dacia, Ford, Peugeot, and Renault. Motorbikes are BMW and Yamaha.

Eddie Hardin

Eddie Hardin (19 February 1949 – 22 July 2015), was an English rock pianist and singer-songwriter. He was best known for his associations with the Spencer Davis Group, Axis Point also Hardin and York. Hardin, along with the drummer, Pete York, left the Spencer Davis Group on 26 October 1968, due to 'differences over musical policy'.

Hardin died following a heart attack on 22 July 2015 at the age of 66.

Vic Firth

Everett "Vic" Firth (June 2, 1930 – July 26, 2015) was an American musician. He was the founder of Vic Firth Company (formerly Vic Firth, Inc.), a company that makes percussion sticks and mallets.

R. S. Gavai

Ramkrishna Suryabhan Gavai (, Malayalam: രാമകൃഷ്ണന്‍ സുര്യഭാന്‍ ഗവി; 30 October 1929 – 25 July 2015) was an Indian politician. He was Governor of Bihar from 2006 to 2008 and Governor of Kerala from 10 July 2008 to 25 August 2011.

Edward Natapei

Edward Nipake Natapei Tuta Fanua`araki (17 July 1954 – 27 July 2015) was a politician from Vanuatu.

He was elected Prime Minister of Vanuatu on two separate terms, and was previously the Minister of Foreign Affairs briefly in 1991, the acting President of Vanuatu from 2 March 1999 to 24 March 1999 (during a time in which he was the Speaker of Parliament), and Deputy Prime Minister.

Five Nights at Freddy's 4

Five Nights at Freddy's 4 is a 2015 indie point-and-click survival horror video game designed by Scott Cawthon, and the fourth entry in the "Five Nights at Freddy's" series. The game was released on Steam on July 23, 2015.

A demo for the game was released to select YouTubers on July 21, 2015, with the full game being released on July 23, 2015. The game was released for Android devices on July 25, 2015.

In this game, you are a child called c.c or crying child who has to stop 'Nightmare', animatronics from getting into your room and killing you. You can shut doors but they won't stay closed. You must shine your flashlight on the bed so Freddy won't kill you. There is also a minigame where you must have Plushtrap (A small Springtrap) sit on an X.

Peg Lynch

Margaret Frances “Peg” Lynch (November 25, 1916 – July 24, 2015), was an Americans television writer and actor. She was the creator of the radio and television sitcom "Ethel and Albert".


Becket, Massachusetts

Becket is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the Pittsfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,931 at the 2020 census.

Bastille Day military parade

The Bastille Day military parade is a French military parade in Paris. It traditionally takes place every July 14th in the morning, on the famous Champs-Élysées. It celebrate the attack against the Bastille, the beginning of the French Revolution and the first federation commemoration on 14, July 1790.

The units that parade that day, "descend" the Champs-Élysées, from the Arc de Triomphe to Place de la Concorde. Front of the Luxor Obelisk a large temporary official stand is assembled. It allows to welcome the President of the French Republic, members of the government, and all foreign guests. 
The military parade was cut into several sequences, somewhat in the manner of a play.

President of the French Republic leaves the Élysée Palace aboard his official car and joined the Arc de Triomphe, escorted by bikers of the Republican Guard. After that he boarded a military vehicle, his command car. From that moment, under the protocol, it fully embodies the role of "Chief of the Armies".
Thus he reviews the troops stationed on the right side of the avenue. Aboard his military vehicle he rejoind and its place in the official gallery.
A detachment of the Republican Guard makes military honors to the president.

An opening play then takes place. It usually lasts between 15 and 20 minutes. This is often the Band of the Republican Guard, accompanied by the choirs of the French army, and sometimes dancers and even a tenor. Usually musicians play La Marseillaise and the Chant des Partisans. 

The Bastille Day military parade begins really by the first flypast. The Alpha Jet of the famous Patrouille de France fly over Paris. They produce smokes of three colors, blue, white, and red, like of the Flag of France. Behind them marched combat aircraft, military transport aircraft, reconnaissance aircraft and training aircraft. These aircraft represent military and state components : French Air Force, French Navy, and French Sécurité Civile.
In 2015 the most represented were Dassault Mirage 2000, Dassault Rafale, Casa CN-235M, Airbus A400M Atlas, and Bombardier CL-415.

After it's the moment for the troops to make the parade. In first the military schools and behind them the regiments and formed units. In addition of soldiers and officers (of the French Army, the French Navy, and the French Air Force) firemen of the Paris Fire Brigade and Sécurité Civile, and policemen of the Gendarmerie Nationale and Police Nationale make the parade.

The troops parade always ends with the famous Légion Étrangère. This elite unit of the French army walks more slowly than other soldiers, so it goes last.

Then comes the turn of the helicopters. From French Army, French Air Force, French Navy, Gendarmerie Nationale, and Sécurité Civile. 
In 2015 it was NH90 Caïman, Eurocopter EC725 Caracal, Eurocopter EC665 Tigre, and Aérospatiale SA-342 Gazelle.

In first, it's motorcycles of the Gendarmerie Nationale and Police Nationale. And after armored military cars, tanks, troops trucks, and specialized vehicles are in Paris. At the end of vehicles parade it's red cars, ambulances and fire trucks of Paris Fire Brigade.

The Bastille Day military parade is very famous in France. All years more than 15 000 peoples come in Paris to see it. It is broadcast in live by two TV channels : TF1 and France 2.

Atlanta United FC

Atlanta United FC is an American soccer team from Atlanta, Georgia that plays in Major League Soccer since the 2017 season. They are in the Eastern Conference. The team was founded on April 16, 2014, and it is owned by the owner of the Atlanta Falcons of the NFL, Arthur Blank. The team's manager right now is Gonzalo Pineda. The team's colors are black, red and gold. The team played their home games at the Bobby Dodd Stadium for part of their first season but now they play at the Mercedes-Benz Stadium after it was completed in August 2017. 

The team's first manager was Gerardo Martino and he helped the team win the MLS Cup in 2018. 

2014 Major League Soccer season

The 2014 Major League Soccer season was the 19th Major League Soccer season. The season had 19 teams (16 from the United States, and 3 from Canada). The Seattle Sounders won the Supporters' Shield, and Los Angeles Galaxy won the MLS Cup. The top scorer was Bradley Wright-Phillips, with 27 goals.



The champion of the overall table, which combines the eastern and western conference, is the champion of the Supporters Shield. This table also will show what team will qualify for next years CONCACAF Champions League.

Supporters' Shield

The Supporters' Shield is an award given to the MLS team that had the most points in the regular season. It was first given out in 1999, and has since been seen as a major trophy. Before 1999, the winners of the regular season won nothing but a spot in the MLS Cup semifinals.

What is the Supporters' Shield?

2006–07 Football League

The 2006–07 Football League was the 108th season of The Football League. Sunderland won the championship.


Gulfstream GA-7 Cougar

The Gulfstream GA-7 Cougar is a light twin-engines aircraft. It was built in USA between 1977 and 1979 at 115 exemples. In 1995 it was built at seven exemples in France by SOCATA at Tarbes.

SIAI-Marchetti S.211

The SIAI-Marchetti S.211 is a military training aircraft. It was built in Italy between 1981 and 1994.
It was sold to Haiti, Philippines, and Singapore as a training or a light attack aircraft.


<br>

Lee Corso

Leland "Lee" Corso (born August 7, 1935) is an American sports broadcaster and football analyst for ESPN and former long-time college football coach. He has been a featured analyst on ESPN's "College GameDay" program since its inception in 1987.

Corso was born and raised in Lake Mary, Florida.


Timurid Empire

The Timurid Empire was a Persianate Turco-Mongol empire that included all of Uzbekistan, Iran, modern Afghanistan, and modern Central Asia. It also included large parts of modern Pakistan, Mesopotamia, Anatolia and the Caucasus. It was formed by the Turco-Mongol conqueror Timur ("Tamerlane") of the Timurid dynasty in the 14th century.


Canadian Championship

The Canadian Championship (also called the Amway Canadian Championship) is an association football tournament for professional Canadian teams. It was created in 2008. The winner of the tournament qualifies for the CONCACAF Champions League, and gets the Voyageurs Cup. As of 2015, the tournament was with Toronto FC, Vancouver Whitecaps FC, Montreal Impact, FC Edmonton and Ottawa Fury FC.

Toronto FC has won 4 titles, which is the best performance from any team in the tournament.


1956–57 Eredivisie

The 1956–57 Eredivisie was the 1st Eredivisie ever played. AFC Ajax won the tournament. The teams were chosen from the last seasons Netherlands Football League Championship.

Eerste Divisie

The Eerste Divisie (English: First Division) is an association football league in the Netherlands. It is the second-highest league in the country. When a team wins the league, they get promoted to the Eredivisie. Until 2015, when a team did bad in the league, they would get sent to the Topklasse. Recently, the team would get sent to the Tweede Klasse instead. The league has been around since 1956.


Fortuna Sittard

Fortuna Sittard is a Dutch association football team from Sittard, Netherlands. On 1 July 1968, Fortuna 54 and Sittardia came together to form Fortuna Sittard. Fortuna 54 was a successful team that won the KNVB Cup. On the other hand, Sittardia was trying to avoid relegation for most of its history. The Royal Dutch Football Association said it would take away Fortuna Sittard's license to play in the 2010–11 season. After going to court, the decision was taken away.





1957–58 European Cup

The 1957–58 European Cup was the 3rd European cup that was won by Real Madrid over AC Milan.

 Borussia Dortmund beat CCA București 3–1 in a play-off to qualify for the quarter-finals.

"Real Madrid won 4–2 on aggregate."

"Milan won 5–2 on aggregate."

The top scorers from the 1957–58 European Cup were as follows:

Samuel Pisar

Samuel Pisar (March 18, 1929 – July 27, 2015) was a Polish-born American lawyer, author, and Holocaust survivor. He used to work at the United Nations. He is considered one of the most influential trade lawyers of our time.

Leo Reise Jr.

Leo Charles Reise, Jr. (June 7, 1922 – July 26, 2015) was a professional ice hockey player in the NHL and son of former pro Leo Reise. He was born in Stoney Creek, Ontario. He won two Stanley Cups with the Detroit Red Wings in 1950 and 1952. 

Reise died in Ancaster, Ontario from lung cancer at the age of 93.

Sea otter

Sea otters ("Enhydra lutris") are marine mammals. They live along the Pacific coast of North America. Their historic range included shallow waters of the Bering Strait. It also included Kamchatka, and as far south as Japan. 

Sea otters have about 26,000 to 165,000 hairs per square centimeters of skin. They have a rich fur for which humans hunted them almost to extinction. By the time the 1911 Fur Seal Treaty gave them protection, so few sea otters remained that the fur trade had become unprofitable. Sea otters eat shellfish and other invertebrates (especially clams, abalone, and sea urchins). 

The otters usually carry a favorite rock in their paws or in a pouch under their forearm. They use it to smash shells open. This makes them one of the few animals that use tools. They grow to in length and weigh . Although once near extinction, they have begun to spread again, from small populations in California and Alaska. Sea otters are one of the smallest mammals in the ocean.

Without the sea otters to eat them, there were too many sea urchins. The sea urchins then began to eat large amounts of kelp. They ate and killed so many kelp plants that they turn kelp forests into desert-like places called urchin barrens. The fish, krill and other animals that lived in the kelp either died or left. In some places where sea otters have returned, like Juan de Fuca Strait, they ate enough sea urchins that the kelp forests grew back.

Sea otters catch the same shellfish, sea urchins, crabs, clams, and abalone, that indigenous peoples in Alaska and Canada need to eat. In May 2020, scientists from Simon Fraser University said in a report that more sea otters in northwestern North America would live if indigenous communities had more freedom to make decisions about them and to make plans based on traditional knowledge of sea otters, mixing in modern Western scientific methods as needed.

<br>

Nargis Fakhri

Nargis Fakhri (born 20 October 1979) is an American model and actress who acts in Indian movies. She has appeared on "America's Next Top Model". Fakhri started her acting career in the 2011 Bollywood movie "Rockstar". She went on to star in the Bollywood movies "Madras Cafe" (2013), "Main Tera Hero" (2014), and had a supporting role in the Hollywood movie "Spy" (2015).

<br>

Albertus Magnus College

Albertus Magnus College is a Catholic private liberal arts college in New Haven, Connecticut, United States. It was ed in 1925 by the Dominican Sisters of St. Mary of the Springs (now Dominican Sisters of Peace). It is located in the Prospect Hill neighborhood of New Haven, near the border with Hamden. Albertus Magnus has associate, bachelor's and master's degree programs. Its ranking in the 2015 edition of Best Colleges, Regional Universities (North), is 115th. 

<br>

La Vestale

La Vestale ("The Vestal Virgin") is a French opera in three acts. Gaspare Spontini wrote the music. The libretto is by Étienne de Jouy. It was first performed in Paris on 15 December 1807. The Italian version by Giovanni Schmidt was performed in Naples on 1811. The opera is Spontini's most successful work. It was revived in 1954 for Maria Callas.




Henning Mankell

Henning Mankell (3 February 1948 – 5 October 2015) was a Swedish writer. He was born in Stockholm. He wrote stories both for the theatre as well as books and television series. He is best known for a series of crime novels, starring a character he created, inspector Kurt Wallander. 

Mankell died of throat and lung cancer in Gothenburg, Sweden on 5 October 2015 at the age of 67.

Six Flags St. Louis

Six Flags St. Louis is a theme park in Eureka, Missouri, United States.

Six Flags Over Georgia

Six Flags Over Georgia is a theme park in Atlanta, Georgia

Survey of India

Survey of India () is the national Indian institute of geodesy and cartography. It was established in 1767. It is in New Delhi. The Survey of India is also responsible to others organizations such as:



State Bureau of Surveying and Mapping

State Bureau of Surveying and Mapping () is the national Chinese institute of geodesy and cartography. It is in Beijing, China.


Institut national de l'information géographique et forestière

The National Institute of Geographic and Forestry Information is the national French organization of mapping, geodesy and cartography. It was established in 1940 in Paris, France.


Federal Service for State Registration, Cadastre and Cartography

The Federal Service for State Registration, Cadastre and Cartography (Rosreestr; ) is the Russian federal agency of geodesy, cartography and real estate. It was established in 2008 in Moscow after the closure of the previous organization that was established during the Soviet period.


Dorney Park &amp; Wildwater Kingdom

Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom is an American amusement and water park owned and operated by Cedar Fair and located in between Allentown, Pennsylvania and Emmaus, Pennsylvania.

Dorney Park traces its history to 1860, when Solomon Dorney built a trout hatchery and summer resort on his estate outside of Allentown. In 1870, Dorney decided to convert the estate into a public attraction. Initially, the facility featured games, playground-style rides, refreshment stands, picnic groves, a hotel, and a restaurant. By the 1880s, Dorney had added a small zoo, and gardens.

Halloween Haunt is an annual event that is held from September to October. The park hires around 700 people for this event. It was originally introduced in 1998 as Halloweekends, but was rebranded Halloween Haunt in 2008.

Halloween Haunt currently features 10 attractions including seven mazes and three scare zones, as well as roaming Street Talent sliders and actors, and two live mainstage shows (Blood Drums and Overlord's Resurrection).

Kepler-452b

Kepler-452b is an extrasolar planet. It circles a Sun-like star Kepler-452. It was identified by the Kepler space telescope. Its discovery was publicly announced by NASA on 23 July 2015. It is about 1.7 times the size of Earth, and it is in the habitable zone of its star, so liquid water can exist on its surface. 

Meral Tasbas

Meral Izabelle Tasbas (born 4 April 1979) is a Swedish television star, singer and actress. She is best known for her appearances in five seasons of the reality series "The Bar". She appeared on it between the years of 2000 and 2004 on TV3.

David Hellenius

David Hellenius (born 28 February 1974) is a Swedish comedian and television host. He has hosted "Idol 2004" and the celebrity dance show "Let's Dance" for ten seasons as of 2015.

Soraya Post

Soraya Viola Heléna Post (born 15 October 1956) is a Swedish politician. She works for the Feminist Initiative party. Post's father was a German born Jew. Her mother was part of the Romani people. In February 2014, Post was voted into the European Parliament.

Mel Martínez

Mel Martinez (born October 23, 1946) is an American politician. He represented Florida in the United States Senate from 2005 until 2009. He was the 12th United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. He is a Republican.

Martinez was born on October 23, 1946 in Sagua La Grande, Cuba. He graduated from Florida State University. He is married to Kitty Martínez. They have three children.

Mitch Daniels

Mitch Daniels (born April 7, 1949) is an American politician. He served as the 49th Governor of Indiana from 2005 to 2013. He was the Director of the Office of Management and Budget from 2001 until 2003. He is a Republican.

Daniels was born on April 7, 1949 in Monongahela, Pennsylvania. He studied at Princeton University and at Georgetown University. He is married to Cheri Herman.

Otto Neurath

Otto Neurath (December 10, 1882 – December 22, 1945) was an Austrian philosopher and member of the Vienna Circle. He wrote books in Basic English. In 1936 Charles Kay Ogden commissioned Otto and his wife Marie Neurath to produce "International Picture Language" as part of a series of eight books in Basic English.

1957–58 Eredivisie

The 1956–57 Eredivisie was the 2nd Eredivisie tournament. Door Oefening Sterk (DOS) won the tournament.

DOS defeated SC Enschede 1–0 in extra time to win their first title. Lastly, Elinkwijk defeated GVAV 2–1 to stay in the Eredivisie, while GVAV were sent to the Eerste Divisie.


1957–58 Eerste Divisie

The 1957–58 Eerste Divisie was the 2nd Eerste Divisie tournament. It was won by Willem II and ADO Den Haag.

The 32 teams in the tournament were put into two groups.

Willem II defeated FC Dordrecht 3–1 to win the tournament.


2014–15 Eredivisie

The 2014–15 Eredivisie was the 59th Eredivisie tournament. PSV Eindhoven won the tournament, ending AFC Ajax's winning streak that was going since 2011.

Because Vitesse won the play-offs, they then qualified for the 2015–16 UEFA Europa League third qualifying round.

Two teams from the 2014–15 Eredivisie and eight from the 2014–15 Eerste Divisie participated in these play-offs. In the end, De Graafschap and Roda JC Kerkrade won the play-offs, meaning that they move on to the 2015–16 Eredivisie, the two teams from the Eredivisie are relegated, and the six other teams remain in the Eerste Divisie.

Cathy McMorris Rodgers

Cathy McMorris Rodgers (born May 22, 1969) is the U.S. Representative for Washington's 5th congressional district since 2005. She chairs the Republican Conference of the United States House of Representatives, and was the vice-chair of the House Republican Conference from 2009 to 2013. McMorris Rodgers is a member of the Republican Party.

McMorris Rodgers was born on May 22, 1969 in Salem, Oregon. She studied at Pensacola Christian College and at University of Washington. She is married to Brian Rodgers. They have three children.


Naviraí

Naviraí is a Brazilian city of the state of Mato Grosso do Sul. About 51,600 people live there (2015). It has an area of .

The city is served by bus and airport, the latter being prepared to operate.

The city of Naviraí was founded in April 1952 and emancipated on November 11, 1963.

Deaths in August 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in August 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Yakub Memon

Yakub Abdul Razak Memon (30 July 1962-30 July 2015) was an Indian terrorist and chartered accountant, who was convicted over his involvement in the 1993 Bombay bombings by Special Terrorist and Disruptive Activities court on 27 July 2007.

Memon is the brother of one of the prime suspects in the bombings, Tiger Memon. His appeals and petitions for clemency were all rejected and he was executed by hanging on 30 July 2015 at 0500 IST in Nagpur jail.

Jan Kulczyk

Jan Jerzy Kulczyk (24 June 1950 – 28 July 2015) was a Polish businessman. He was the founder and owner of Kulczyk Holding, which has its headquarters in Warsaw, and international investment house Kulczyk Investments. He was the richest man in Poland.

Kulczyk died on 28 July 2015 at the age of 65 due to surgery complications in Vienna.

List of governors of Arizona

The governor of Arizona is the head of state and government of the U.S. state of Arizona and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor is also the head of the executive branch of the state government and is the chairwoman of the gubernatorial cabinet. 

Katie Hobbs is the 24th and current governor of Arizona, in office since January 2023.

The governor has the power to enforce state laws and the duty to either approve or veto bills passed by the Arizona Legislature or the Arizona Senate to assemble the legislature and grant pardons, except in cases of impeachment.

Article V, Section 2 of the state's constitution states for a person to serve as governor must:


The governor is elected by the people through the popular election to a four-year term. The gubernatorial candidate or incumbent governor must have the majority of the popular vote in order to win the election.

The state's constitution forbids anyone from being elected governor more than twice.

The Winning Team

The Winning Team is a 1952 biographical movie directed by Lewis Seiler. It is about the life of major league pitcher Grover Cleveland Alexander. It stars Ronald Reagan, Doris Day, and Russ Tamblyn. It was released on June 20, 1952.

Russ Tamblyn

Russell Irving "Russ" Tamblyn (born December 30, 1934) is an American movie and television actor and dancer. He is best known for his performance in title role of the 1958 "Tom Thumb" and the 1961 movie musical "West Side Story" as Riff, the leader of the Jets gang.


George Chakiris

George Chakiris (born September 16, 1932) is an American dancer, singer and actor. He is best known for his appearance in the movie version of "West Side Story" as Bernardo, the leader of the Sharks gang.

SHeDAISY

SHeDAISY is an American country music group. They were founded in the 1999 by sisters Kristyn, Kelsi and Kassidy Osborn. They are from Magna, Utah. The group's name comes from the word "shideezhí", a Navajo term meaning "my little sister".

By 1999 the sisters formed the group SHeDAISY and signed to Lyric Street Records. Their first album, "The Whole SHeBANG", was released that year. The single "Little Good-Byes" from that album charted number three on the country charts. It was certified platinum in the United States. SHeDAISY has charted 15 times on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts. Their hits include "Little Good-Byes," "This Woman Needs", "I Will… But", "Don't Worry 'bout a Thing", and two Christmas singles.



Extravehicular activity

Extravehicular activity (EVA) is when an astronaut or cosmonaut gets out of a spacecraft in outer space, then gets back in. "Extravehicular activity" usually refers to a spacewalk outside a spacecraft orbiting the Earth, but can also refer to a moonwalk on the surface of the Moon. Three Apollo astronauts made spacewalks between the Earth and the Moon while their spacecraft were returning to Earth.

Astronauts from Russia, the United States and China have done EVAs.

Alexey Leonov, a cosmonaut from the Soviet Union, made the first spacewalk on March 18, 1965. He spent 12 minutes outside the Voskhod 2 spacecraft. The first American to make a spacewalk was Edward H. White, II, who spent 36 minutes outside the Gemini 4 spacecraft on June 3, 1965.

The first moonwalk was made by Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin on July 21, 1969 (UTC), during the Apollo 11 trip to the Moon. This first Moon walk lasted for 2 hours and 32 minutes. Twelve human beings have walked on the surface of the Moon.

In 1973, astronauts made spacewalks to repair Skylab, the first space station sent into space by the United States. Skylab had been damaged while it was being launched into space. Many spacewalks were made to build the International Space Station (ISS). Spacewalks are still made to maintain the ISS and fix it when there is a problem.



Cley Marshes

Cley Marshes is a nature reserve on the North Sea coast of England. It is just outside the village of Cley next the Sea, Norfolk. It has been a reserve since 1926. It is the oldest of the reserves belonging to the Norfolk Wildlife Trust (NWT).

Cley Marshes protects an area of reed beds, freshwater marsh, pools and wet meadows. It has been designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), Special Area of Conservation (SAC), Special Protection Area (SPA) and Ramsar Site because of the large numbers of birds it attracts.

Six Flags Over Texas

Six Flags Over Texas is a theme park in Arlington, Texas.


Cry Wolf (A-ha song)

"Cry Wolf" is a 1986 song by Norwegian pop band A-ha and is the second single from their second studio album "Scoundrel Days". It went to number 2 in Norway, number 4 in Ireland, number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in New Zealand, number 12 in the Netherlands, number 13 in Italy and South Africa, number 15 in Belgium, number 16 in the Netherlands and number 20 in Germany.



Cry Wolf (Laura Branigan song)

"Cry Wolf is a 1988 song by Laura Branigan and released as the third single from her fifth studio album "Touch". It was covered by Stevie Nicks for her fourth studio album "The Other Side of the Mirror".

John Smoltz

John Andrew Smoltz, nicknamed "Smoltzie" and "Marmaduke", is an American former pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball played from 1988 to 2009. All but the last year was with the Atlanta Braves.

Independence Hall (Israel)

The Independence Hall of Israel is a building in Tel Aviv in Israel. It is where the ceremony of independence of the State of Israel was held on Friday, May 14, 1948.

The building has been restored to look like it did on the day of the announcement.


Route 386 (Israel)

Route 386 is a road in Israel. It stretches from Tzur Hadassah to Jerusalem.

The route begins in the Judean Mountains at Tzur Hadassah. It starts at a junction with Route 375.

In Jerusalem, the road is named Herzl Boulevard ("Sderot Herzl"). It stretches from the western entrance to the city near the Bridge of Strings to Mount Herzl. The street was named after Theodor Herzl on November 17, 1949. The street passes through the neighborhoods of Kiryat Moshe, Beit Hakerem, Yefeh Nof and Bayit VeGan. The main entrance to Mount Herzl is the number 1.

James Hedges

James "Jim" Hedges (born May 10, 1938 ― March 4, 2024) was a Prohibition activist and former Tax Assessor for Thompson Township, Fulton County, Pennsylvania. He held the distinction as the only individual to be elected to public office from the Prohibition Party in the 21st century, and the first since 1959.

Hedges ran for President of the United States of America in the 2016 presidential election.

He died in Hagerstown, Maryland, on March 4, 2024, at the age of 85.

Alena Vrzáňová

Alena "Ája" Vrzáňová () (also Zanová, married name: Steindler) (16 May 1931 – 30 July 2015), was a Czech figure skater who represented Czechoslovakia in competition. Vrzáňová is the 1949 & 1950 World champion and 1950 European champion. She was born in Prague.

Vrzáňová died suddenly on 30 July 2015 in New York City at the age of 84 while in exile.


Augustin Bubník

Augustin "Gustav" Bubník (21 November 1928 in Prague, Czechoslovakia – 18 April 2017 in Prague, Czech Republic) was a retired ice hockey player for the Czechoslovak national team. He won a silver medal at the 1948 Winter Olympics. He also played in the 1947 and 1949 World Championships. Czechoslovakia won both.

He later worked as ice hockey coach and was elected as MP to the lower chamber of Czech Parliament from the Civic Democratic Party. He also worked as ice hockey coach of the Finnish National Team from 1966 to 1969, and was later inducted to the Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame.

Mario Puzo

Mario Gianluigi Puzo (; ; October 15, 1920 – July 2, 1999) was an American author and screenwriter. He was born in Manhattan, New York City.

He is known for his novels about the Mafia, including "The Godfather" (1969), which was later made into a movie by Francis Ford Coppola. He won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay in both 1972 and 1974.

Puzo died of heart failure in West Bay Shore, New York, aged 78.


Barbara Harris

Barbara Harris (July 25, 1935 – August 21, 2018) was an American actress who was a Broadway stage star and later became a movie actress. She was born in Evanston, Illinois. She was known for being a co-founder of The Second City.

She appeared in such movies as "A Thousand Clowns", "Plaza Suite", "Nashville", "Family Plot", "Freaky Friday", "Peggy Sue Got Married", and "Grosse Pointe Blank". 

Harris won a Tony Award and has been nominated for an Academy Award and received four Golden Globe Award nominations.

Harris died in Scottsdale, Arizona from lung cancer on August 21, 2018, aged 83.


Noel Neill

Noel Darleen Neill (November 25, 1920 July 3, 2016) was an American actress in motion pictures and television. She is known for her portrayal of Lois Lane in the movie serials "Superman" (1948) and "Atom Man vs. Superman" (1950), as well as the 1950s television series "Adventures of Superman".

Following an extended illness, Neill died at age 95 on July 3, 2016 in Tucson, Arizona. 

Don Murray

Donald Patrick "Don" Murray (July 31, 1929 – February 2, 2024) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Beauregard Decker in the 1956 movie "Bus Stop".
Murray starred in television series such as "The Outcasts" (1968–1969), "Knots Landing" (1979–1981), and "Twin Peaks" (2017). 

Murray died at his home in Goleta, California on February 2, 2024 at the age of 94. 


Hope Lange

Hope Elise Ross Lange (November 28, 1933 – December 19, 2003) was an American movie, stage, and television actress.

Lange was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her portrayal of Selena Cross in the 1957 movie "Peyton Place". 

In 1969 and 1970, she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for her role as Carolyn Muir in the sitcom "The Ghost & Mrs. Muir".

Lange died on December 19, 2003, at St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica, California, as a result of an ischemic colitis infection at the age of 70.


Alan J. Pakula

Alan Jay Pakula (April 7, 1928 – November 19, 1998) was an American movie director, writer and producer. He was nominated for three Academy Awards: Best Picture for "To Kill a Mockingbird" (1962), Best Director for "All the President's Men" (1976) and Best Adapted Screenplay for "Sophie's Choice" (1982). He was also known for his movies "Klute" and "The Parallax View". He was born in New York City.

Pakula was killed in a car accident in Melville, New York, aged 70.


The Parallax View

The Parallax View is a 1974 American thriller movie directed by Alan J. Pakula. It was written by Lorenzo Semple Jr.. It stars Warren Beatty, Hume Cronyn, William Daniels, Paula Prentiss, Richard Bull, and Kenneth Mars. It was released to positive reviews on June 14, 1974.

Bubba Franks

Daniel Lamont "Bubba" Franks (born January 6, 1978) is a former American football tight end. He played nine seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Miami. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers 14th overall in the 2000 NFL Draft. Bubba attended Big Spring High School in Big Spring, Texas. He was an all state tight end there.

Breckland District

Breckland District is a local government district in Norfolk, England. About 135,000 people live there. It was created on 1 April 1974. Its council is based in East Dereham.

Breckland District gets its name from the Breckland landscape region. That is a gorse-covered sandy heath of south Norfolk and north Suffolk. The term "Breckland" is ancient. It is found as early as the 13th century in the form Brakelond.

River Leam

The River Leam (also spelled "Leame") is a river in England. It starts at Hellidon Hill in Northamptonshire. It flows through rural Warwickshire, including the town of Leamington Spa. It flows into the Warwickshire Avon, a left bank tributary of the River Severn.

All Saints

All Saints might mean:


Tribute to Jerusalem

Tribute to Jerusalem is a permanent sculpture in Holland Square, near Mount Herzl in Jerusalem. It is at the corner of Kiryat Yovel Street and Ein Karem. The sculpture's popular nickname is "the red sculpture". The sculpture stands at a view point overlooking the Jerusalem Forest and Ein Kerem. The sculpture was made in 1977 by Alexander Calder.

Jerusalem Forest

The Jerusalem Forest is a pine forest located in the Judean Mountains west of Jerusalem. It is surrounded by the neighborhoods Beit HaKerem, Yefe Nof, Ein Kerem, Har Nof, Givat Shaul, and a moshav, Beit Zeit.

Cley next the Sea

Cley next the Sea () or (), Anglo-Saxon "Clæg" "clay", is a village (population 376) in North Norfolk, England. It is on the River Glaven. Located north-west of Holt and east of Blakeney.

Chesterville

Chesterville is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,328 at the 2020 census.

Atkinson, Maine

Atkinson is a former town in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States. The town was named after Judge Atkinson, a landholder. The population was 326 at the 2010 census.

It was a town until 2019. Then it lost its government and became a unincorporated area.

North Norfolk

North Norfolk is a local government district in Norfolk, United Kingdom. It was created on 1 April 1974. About 105,000 people live there. Its council is based in Cromer.

Ein Kerem

Ein Karem () is an ancient village of the Jerusalem District and now a neighbourhood in southwest Jerusalem. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War on July 16, 1948.

Independence Day (Israel)

Independence Day of Israel (; ""   lit. "Independence Day") is the national day of Israel. It celebrates the day of the Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel at the end of British Mandate of Palestine. It occurs on the fifth day of Iyar in the Hebrew calendar, which is between the months of April and May.

Independence Day begins with a ceremony held in Mount Herzl Plaza in Jerusalem. It begins at midnight. The ceremony also ends Yom Hazikaron. A fire is lit.


The Judge (2014 movie)

The Judge is a 2014 American crime drama movie directed by David Dobkin.

It is about a Chicago lawyer, Hank Palmer, coming home to Indiana after his mother dies. Soon afterwards, his father, Joseph Palmer, a judge, is accused of killing someone in a hit and run accident with the son quickly defending his father even though they have relationship issues.


The movie received mixed reviews. It got a 47% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Critics liked Duvall's performance as Palmer. Duvall was nominated for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award for his role.

Billy Pierce

Walter William Pierce (April 2, 1927 – July 31, 2015) was an American Major League Baseball (MLB) starting pitcher. He played 18 years for the Detroit Tigers, Chicago White Sox, and San Francisco Giants, from 1945 through 1964. 

He was selected to the Chicago White Sox All-Century Team in 2000. Pierce was an All-Star for seven seasons.

Pierce was born in Detroit, Michigan. He was raised in Highland Park, Michigan. Pierce died in Chicago, Illinois from gallbladder cancer, aged 88.


Jon Shepodd

Jon Shepodd (December 19, 1924 – August 16, 2017) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Paul Martin in the television series "Lassie".

Shepodd died on August 16, 2017 at his London, England home at the age of 92.

David Faber

David Faber (August 25, 1928 – July 28, 2015) was a Polish writer and educator. He was Jewish and survived nine concentration camps in occupied Poland and Nazi Germany. He was also an award-winning educator and lecturer on the Holocaust.

Faber died on July 28, 2015 in San Diego, California at the age of 86.

Alan Cheuse

Alan Stuart Cheuse (January 23, 1940 – July 31, 2015) was an American writer and critic. He worked for the New Yorker and appeared on several segments on radio. Cheuse was born in Perth Amboy, New Jersey.

Cheuse was involved in a car accident on July 14, 2015 on California State Route 17 while driving from Nevada City to Santa Cruz, California. He was reported to be in a coma on July 20, 2015 with injuries including fractured ribs, cervical vertebrae, and an acute subdural hematoma. He died on July 31, 2015 from his injuries at the age of 75 in San Jose, California.


Trey Gowdy

Trey Gowdy (born August 22, 1964) is an American politician. In 2011, he became the U.S. Representative for South Carolina's 4th congressional district. He chaired the House Benghazi Committee. Gowdy is a member of the Republican Party.

Gowdy was born on August 22, 1964 in Greenville, South Carolina. In 1982 he graduated from Spartanburg High School, Spartanburg, South Carolina. In 1986 he graduated from Baylor University with a Bachelor of Arts degree. Gowdy graduated from University of South Carolina School of Law. He was an assistant U.S. attorney from 1994 to 2000. Gowdy was then elected state district attorney in South Carolina. He was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 2010. On May 4, 2015 he was named to head the special House panel to investigate the 2012 Benghazi attack. He is married to Terri Gowdy. They have two children.

On January 31, 2018, Gowdy announced he would not seek re-election in 2018 and that he intends to pursue a legal career instead of politics.


Henry Fairfield Osborn

Henry Fairfield Osborn, Sr. FRS (August 8, 1857 – November 6, 1935) was an American paleontologist, and geologist. He was the president of the American Museum of Natural History for 25 years.

Osborn was one of the great dinosaur fossil hunters of the late 19th century, and a eugenist. 

Osborn got a Sc.D. in paleontology from Princeton, and was Professor of Comparative Anatomy there from 1883–1890. In 1891, Osborn was hired by Columbia University as a professor of zoology. At the same time, he got a position at the American Museum of Natural History, New York. He served there as the curator of the newly formed Department of Vertebrate Paleontology.

Osborn led the American Museum expedition to Mongolia in 1922–25. 

Osborn named and wrote the first descriptions of "Tyrannosaurus rex" and "Velociraptor", and many other dinosaurs. The historian Edward J. Larson described Osborn as "a first-rate science administrator and a third-rate scientist." This seems rather an extreme view: some of the problems he faced are still problems today. For example, he studied "Struthiomimus", which is a lightweight running dinosaur. Its lifestyle is still not very clear today.

Under his leadership, staff of the American Museum of Natural History worked on displays. The museum became one of the top exhibitions in the early twentieth century. As a result, the murals, habitat dioramas, and dinosaur mounts attracted millions of visitors, and inspired other museums to imitate. His decision to invest heavily in exhibitions angered curators who hoped to spend more time on their own research. 

Canada's Wonderland

Canada's Wonderland is a theme park in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada. It opened in 1981. It is the largest theme park in Canada.

Six Flags America

Six Flags America is a theme park in Upper Marlboro, Maryland.


Pink elephant

Seeing pink elephants is a figure of speech, that is used to describe a hallucination which is caused by alcohol, or delirium tremens. Jack London was among the first to use the term, in 1913. In the autobiographical novel John Barleycorn, he describes one kind of alcoholic, as "the man whom we all know, stupid, unimaginative, whose brain is bitten numbly by numb maggots; who walks generously with wide-spread, tentative legs, falls frequently in the gutter, and who sees, in the extremity of his ecstasy, blue mice and "pink elephants". He is the type that gives rise to the jokes in the funny papers." A reference to pink elephants occurs in the 1941 Disney animated film "Dumbo". Dumbo, takes a drink of water from a bucket spiked with champagne and begins to hallucinate singing and dancing elephants in a segment known as "Pink Elephants on Parade".

Pink elephants do exist in nature, as it is possible for albino elephants to be pink, as well as white.

Karim Findi

Karim Findi (1946 Dahuk - Kurdistan Region - Iraq) author and Kurdishwriter. 

In 1974 graduated at University of Mosul – English Department. 

He has a lot of books in many subject such as politics, geography, language, literature, history in different language English, Kurdish, Arabic.

It was one of the founders of the Kurdistan Journalists Syndicate.

Was a chief Editor of Karwan Magazine, a secretary of Karwan Academic magazine and a chief Editor of Dijla magazine the first Latin Lettered Magazine,issued by Ministry of culture, Kurdistan Region. 

Unpredictable

Unpredictable is the second studio album by Jamie Foxx. The album was released on December 20, 2005. It was first studio album in 11 years.

Windows 10 Mobile

Windows 10 Mobile is the fourth and final version of the discontinued Windows Phone operating system. Unlike the regular Windows 10, Windows 10 Mobile was meant to run on phones and tablet computers with screen sizes of 8 inches or smaller. These mobile devices used the ARM or IA-32 processor architectures.

Microsoft ceased providing security updates on January 14, 2020, the same day as for Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008/R2. On December 29, 2019, Microsoft announced it will be offering a 'free' extended security updates up to three year, until January 10, 2023, the same day as of Windows 8.1.

Windows 10 Mobile worked closely together with Windows 10 for computers. Content would be synchronized across devices, apps made for Windows 10 on PCs, Android, and iOS could be remade to work on Windows 10 Mobile, and most high-end phones allowed the user to plug in their device to a computer monitor and use a "computer-like" interface with a mouse and keyboard.

Many phones that ran on Windows Phone 8.1 were able to get a free upgrade to Windows 10 Mobile. It was up to manufacturers and carriers to issue the update. Certain features were not available on low-end or midrange devices.

Windows 10 Mobile came out on March 17, 2016. It was released shortly after Windows 10 for computers, which came out on July 29, 2015. In October 2017, Microsoft stopped active development of Windows 10 Mobile, except for security updates, because few people were using it. Microsoft ceased providing security updates on January 14, 2020, the same day as for Windows 7. On December 29, 2019, Microsoft announced it will be offering a 'free' extended security updates up to three year after ending of extended support, the same day as of Windows 8.1.

Six Flags Discovery Kingdom

Six Flags Discovery Kingdom is a 135-acre (55 ha) animal theme park located in Vallejo, California. The park includes a variety of roller coasters and other amusement rides. It has a collection of animal exhibits and shows. Discovery Kingdom has been part of the Six Flags chain of amusement parks since 1999.

2012 Benghazi attack

The 2012 Benghazi attack took place on the evening of September 11, 2012. Islamic militants attacked the United States consulate in Benghazi, Libya. Killed in the attack were US Ambassador Christopher Stevens and Sean Smith a US diplomat. Stevens was the first U.S. Ambassador killed in the line of duty since 1979. Two other US diplomats were killed in the attack. At first the attack was thought to be an angry mob. But later it was learned it was a planned terrorist attack.

Late in the evening of September 11, 2012, about 150 gunmen with beards blocked off the streets leading to the US Consulate buildings. The roadblocks were set up using pickup trucks with the logo of Ansar al-Sharia. The assault began about an hour later. There were seven Americans in the building at the time. Five were armed security officers. 
In February 2011, a civil war broke out in Libya. A rebellion started against Muammar al-Gaddafi and his government. A few weeks later U.S. envoy Chris Stevens came to Benghazi, Libya's second largest city, by cargo ship. He arrived on April 5. In August Gaddafi was driven out of the capital, Tripoli. On October 20, 2011 Gaddafi was killed. Chris Stevens was named as Ambassador to Libya in May 2012. He was to be based in Tripoli. Security people working for the U.S. government warned they needed more security but were turned down. 

On September 9, Stevens met with Islamic militia leaders in Benghazi. They warned there had been threats against Americans by extremists in Benghazi. They also told the ambassador he and his group should leave as "soon as possible". But they also said they wanted American investments in Libya. They asked how soon Benghazi could get a McDonald's and a KFC. 

On September 11, several hours before the attack started, Stevens sent a message to the State Department warning the situation was getting worse. Later, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she was not aware of what was happening at the time. The reason she gave is the State Department receives more than a million messages a year. After the attack started, a rescue team (called the commander’s "In-extremis" Force) started getting ready. But the ambassador was dead before the team was ready to leave Italy. After the attack 30 or more Americans were evacuated from Benghazi.

There were five U.S. commandos stationed at the CIA base in Benghazi about a mile from the consulate. They heard the attack starting and got ready to go rescue the ambassador. But they said later, the CIA station chief stopped them from going and told them to stay with the CIA. They also received a radio message from the consulate “If you guys do not get here, we are going to die!” The CIA later stated they were trying to get local Libyan militia to go help the consulate. But they also said they did not prevent the commandos from rescuing the consulate members. 

American troops and law enforcement captured Ahmed Abu Khattala on June 15, 2014. He is the suspected ringleader of the group who carried out the attack. Other suspects also had sealed charges filed against them.

On May 8, 2014, the United States House Select Committee on Benghazi was formed to investigate the attack. The chairman of the committee is Representative Trey Gowdy from South Carolina.


Six Flags Fiesta Texas

Six Flags Fiesta Texas is a theme park in San Antonio, Texas.

Keller

Keller is a German family name. It means "cellar" or "basement". It is also a version of the Old Gaelic "O'Ceileachair", which means 'companionable' or 'uxurious'.

People with the name Keller include Helen Keller and Marthe Keller.

Six Flags New England

Six Flags New England is a theme park in Agawam, Massachusetts.

Suspect

A suspect is a person believed to have done something wrong, committed a crime or caused something bad to happen. In criminal law a person who is under suspicion or under investigation by law enforcement is considered a suspect. A prime suspect is believed by police to be the suspect who most probably committed a crime. A formal suspect may be arrested when the facts and circumstances would lead a reasonable person to believe a suspect may have committed a crime or is about to. In common law countries a suspect may have a defense attorney present while being questioned. The attorney may advise his or her client (the suspect) how to answer questions. Once a suspect is charged with a crime he or she becomes a defendant.

In the past in common law countries, a suspect could not be questioned against their will. In the United Kingdom, under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, police can require suspects to be questioned. Suspects are now required to listen to all questions, but may legally refuse to answer a question. In the UK once a suspect has been formally charged, no questions may be asked. In France, however, a suspect may still be questioned after being charged. The suspect may still legally refuse to answer any question. In the United States, once a suspect becomes the prime suspect, they must be advised of their Miranda rights before they can be questioned. Then they may be formally questioned, with a defence attorney present if the suspect requests one.

In civil law countries a suspect may be questioned by police and the judiciary. This is to decide if there is enough evidence against a subject to bring the suspect to trial. There are three phases to the investigation. The first phase is a suspect is questioned by police. In the second phase the suspect is questioned by a magistrate (called a "juge d'instruction" in France). The third phase is the trial conducted by a state prosecutor in front of a panel of judges or magistrates. Then, if the investigation trial shows a case is strong enough, it is brought before a tribunal for trial.

A person of interest is a non-legal term for someone police may be interested in. In some cases a person of interest may simply be someone who has information related to an investigation or could be a witness. Police may be suspicious of someone, but do not have enough evidence to justify calling them a suspect. Sometimes police also misuse the term 'person of interest' to mean the suspect. Another use of the term is by writers meaning simply an interesting person.

Police and reporters sometimes misuse the term suspect to mean the perpetrator. A suspect is someone "suspected" of committing a crime. A perpetrator (slang "perp") is a person who actually committed a crime. Good police work will eliminate suspects until they find the perpetrator (also called a culprit). 

In the US and England, police have broad powers to arrest and detain suspects. In Canada police supposedly do not have that power. In a crime that gets a lot of publicity, police will sometimes detain a suspect for a period of time, then release them with no charges filed. Somehow the news media is informed of the release and a swarm of reporters and paparazzi are there to take pictures for next day's tabloids. Generally this is for a day or two in England. In the US it can be up to 72 hours. This process encourages the public to think of suspects as guilty, trusting the police would not arrest innocent people. This is sometimes called "rounding up the usual suspects". Sometimes police will call a suspect a perpetrator or person of interest and question them without giving a Miranda warning. This is a technicality since in the US police are required to give a Miranda warning if arresting a suspect. If after arresting and then questioning a suspect, police may decide they have the perpetrator. Then they will hand the case over to the district attorney.


La Ronde (amusement park)

La Ronde is a theme park in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

Stephan Beckenbauer

Stephan Beckenbauer (1 December 1968 – 1 August 2015) was a German footballer, born in Munich. He was a son of Franz Beckenbauer. He played with FC Bayern Munich. He also played for 1. FC Saarbrücken. Beckenbauer was latterly a scout and coach with Bayern Munich.

Beckenbauer died in Munich on 1 August 2015 after a long illness, aged 46.

Piet Fransen

Piet Fransen (5 July 1936 – 2 August 2015) was a Dutch footballer who played as a midfielder.

He made his debut for the Netherlands in an October 1964 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Albania and has earned a total of 6 caps, scoring 1 goal. He represented his country in 3 FIFA World Cup qualification matches.

Fransen died on 2 August 2015 in Groningen, aged 79.

David H. Koch

David Hamilton Koch (; May 3, 1940 – August 23, 2019) was an American businessman, philanthropist, political activist, and chemical engineer. He joined the family business Koch Industries. He became president of the subsidiary Koch Engineering in 1979. He became a co-owner of Koch Industries, with older brother Charles, in 1983. He was an executive vice president.

On June 5, 2018, the company announced his retirement from the company due to declining health issues.

Koch died at his Southampton, New York home from prostate cancer on August 23, 2019 at the age of 79.

Koch Industries

Koch Industries, Inc. is an American multinational corporation based in Wichita, Kansas, United States. It involves manufacturing, trading, and investments. It was founded as Wood River Oil and Refining Company in 1940, and later as Rock Island Oil & Refining Company. 

Charles Koch is the chairman and David H. Koch was the vice chairman until his death in 2019.


Fred C. Koch

Fred Chase Koch (; September 23, 1900 – November 17, 1967) was an American chemical engineer and entrepreneur who founded the oil refinery firm that later became Koch Industries, the second-largest privately held company in the United States.

Koch was born in Quanah, Texas. He died in Bear River City, Utah.

Dachau concentration camp

Dachau concentration camp (, ) was the first World War II Nazi concentration camp. It was built in 1933 by Heinrich Himmler. The original purpose was to hold political prisoners. Dachau camp was located on the grounds of an old munitions factory. It was southeast of the medieval town of Dachau, about northwest of Munich in the state of Bavaria, in southern Germany. 

The camp's purpose was enlarged to include forced labor and housed ordinary German and Austrian criminals. Eventually foreign nationals from countries that Germany occupied or invaded were sent here. It became a death camp for Jews. Countless thousands of Jews died were executed or died of starvation, disease or overwork. The Dachau camp system grew to include nearly 100 sub-camps. These were mostly work camps or "Arbeitskommandos," and were located throughout southern Germany and Austria. The camps were liberated by U.S. forces in the spring of 1945.

Estimates of the number of people who died here vary widely. Complete records of how many died at Dachau do not exist. Three weeks before the United States Army reached the camp, most of the important records were removed or burned. A few days before the Americans arrived, Germans began evacuating prisoners. But poor organization prevented all from being removed. Prisoners from the Buchenwald concentration camp had been sent to Dachau. When the last train was found, 2,000 of the 4,000 prisoners on it were dead. Between 1933 and the liberation by Americans in 1945, about 228,930 prisoners had been sent to Dachau. This includes about 7,000 who had just arrived from Buchenwald. This number is close to that given by a US Seventh Army report of 229,000. Dachau used high altitude medical experiments on prisoners.

Bełżec extermination camp

Bełżec (, in ), was the first of the World War II Nazi German extermination camps created under Operation Reinhard. This was a key part of Hitler's "Final Solution". Hitler wanted to kill all of Europe's 11 million Jews. The camp operated from to the end of . Bełżec concentration camp was about south of the local railroad station of Bełżec in German-occupied Poland. Between 430,000 and 500,000 Jews are believed to have been murdered by the German SS at Bełżec. There were also an unknown number of Christian Poles and Roma people killed there. Only seven Jews working as slave labor with the camp's "Sonderkommando" survived World War II. Only one of them became known from his own postwar testimony submitted officially. The lack of witnesses who could testify about the camp's operation is the primary reason why so little is known about Bełżec.

My Kind of Town

""My Kind of Town" or "My Kind of Town (Chicago Is)""' is a popular song composed by Jimmy Van Heusen, with lyrics by Sammy Cahn. It was originally part of the musical score for "Robin and the 7 Hoods", a 1964 musical film starring several members of the Rat Pack. It was nominated for the 1964 Academy Award for Best Original Song but lost to "Chim Chim Cher-ee" from "Mary Poppins". Frank Sinatra recorded several versions which have appeared on many of his albums.

Sweet Home Chicago

"Sweet Home Chicago" is a blues standard first recorded by Robert Johnson in 1937. The song has become a popular anthem for the city of Chicago. Many artists have rerecorded the song such as B.B. King and Buddy Guy.

Sammy Cahn

Samuel Cohen (June 18, 1913 – January 15, 1993), known professionally as Sammy Cahn, was an American lyricist, songwriter and musician. He is best known for his romantic lyrics to movies and Broadway songs. His most famous song is "Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!". He was born in New York City.

Cahn won the Academy Award for Best Original Song four times, for the following songs:

Cahn died in Los Angeles, California from heart failure, aged 79.


Jim Rivera

Manuel Joseph "Jim" Rivera (July 22, 1921 – November 13, 2017) was an American Major League Baseball (MLB) outfielder. He played for three teams over ten seasons: St. Louis Browns (1952), Chicago White Sox (1952–1961) and Kansas City Athletics (1961).

Rivera died on November 13, 2017 in Fort Wayne, Indiana at the age of 96.


Curt Simmons

Curtis Thomas "Curt" Simmons (May 19, 1929 – December 13, 2022) is a former left-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball from 1947 to 1950 and 1952 to 1967. He was born in Whitehall Township, Pennsylvania.

He played for the Philadelphia Phillies from 1947 through 1960. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals from 1960 through 1966. Then he played for the Chicago Cubs from 1966 through 1967. And then he played for the California Angels in 1967 until his retirement later that year.

John H. Gibbons (scientist)

John Howard "Jack" Gibbons (January 15, 1929 – July 17, 2015) was an American scientist, nuclear physicist, and internationally recognized expert in technologies for energy efficiency and energy resource conservation. He served as the Assistant to the President for Science and Technology and Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy under President Bill Clinton from 1993-1998.


David A. Patterson

David Andrew Patterson (born November 16, 1947) is an American computer pioneer and academic. He has held the position of Professor of Computer Science at the University of California, Berkeley since 1976.

Howard W. Jones

Howard Wilbur Jones, Jr. (December 30, 1910 – July 31, 2015) was an American gynecological surgeon and in vitro fertilization (IVF) specialist. Jones and his wife, Georgeanna Seegar Jones, were two of the earliest reproductive medicine specialists in the United States.

They established the reproductive medicine center that was responsible for the birth of the first IVF baby in the U.S. He wrote articles on the beginning of human personhood and testified before legislators on the same subject. He was one of the early physicians to perform sex reassignment surgeries. 

Jones was on the faculty at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine from the 1940s until his mandatory retirement from the institution in 1978. 

Jones was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He studied at Amherst College. Jones died in Norfolk, Virginia from respiratory failure, aged 104.

Jerome Kohlberg Jr.

Jerome Kohlberg, Jr. (July 10, 1925 – July 30, 2015) was an American businessman and early pioneer in the private equity and leveraged buyout industries founding private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. and later Kohlberg & Company.

Kohlberg, Jr. died in Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts from cancer at the age of 90.


Amartya Sen

Amartya Kumar Sen (born November 3, 1933) is an Indian economist. Since 1956, he has taught and worked in the United Kingdom and the United States. He worked in welfare economics, social choice theory, economic and social justice, economic theories of famines, and indexes of the measure of well-being of citizens of developing countries.

He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics in 1998 and Bharat Ratna in 1999 for his work in welfare economics. He was also awarded the inaugural Charleston-EFG John Maynard Keynes Prize in recognition of his work on welfare economics in February 2015 during a reception at the Royal Academy in the UK.



George Stigler

George Joseph Stigler (January 17, 1911 – December 1, 1991) was an American economist. He won the Nobel Prize in Economics in 1982. He was a key leader of the Chicago School of Economics, along with Milton Friedman. He was born in Seattle, Washington.

Stigler died in Chicago, Illinois from heart failure, aged 80.


Traunstein (mountain)

Traunstein is the highest mountain on the east side of Lake Traunsee. It is in the district of Gmunden, Austria. The Traunstein is 1691 metres (5548 ft) high. The height is the reason why it can be seen from very far away.

On the top are two cabins, the Naturfreundehütte and the Gmundnerhütte.

Sensory overload

Sensory overload is when one or more of the body's senses experiences over-stimulation from the environment. There are many things that impact an individual. Examples of these elements are urbanization, crowding, noise, mass media, technology, and the explosive growth of information. Sensory overload is commonly associated with sensory processing disorder. Like its opposite sensory deprivation, it has been used as a means of torture.

There are a variety of symptoms that have may cause sensory overload. These symptoms can occur in both children and adults. Some of these symptoms are:

<br>

Glow in the Park Parade

Glow in the Park Parade is a parade that takes place every night during the summer months at Six Flags Mexico.

Forrest Bird

Forrest M. Bird (June 9, 1921 – August 2, 2015) is an American aviator, inventor and biomedical engineer. He was best known for having created some of the first reliable mass-produced mechanical ventilators for acute and chronic heart and lung care.


Giovanni Conso

Giovanni Battista Conso (23 March 1922 – 2 August 2015) was an Italian jurist who served on the Constitutional Court of Italy for nine years beginning in 1982, and has served as President of the Accademia dei Lincei from 1989 until his death in 2015.

Conso was the Minister of Justice between 1993 and 1994.

Alfredo Biondi

Alfredo Biondi (June 29, 1928 – June 24, 2020) was an Italian politician and lawyer. In 1994 he served as Minister of Justice of the Italian Republic during the first cabinet chaired by Silvio Berlusconi. He was also Minister of the Environment in the Bettino Craxi cabinet from 1983 to 1984. 

Until 1994, he was a member of the Liberal Party. Afterwards, he became a member of Forza Italia. Biondi was born in Pisa, Italy.

He was a Deputy from 1968 to 1972 and again from 1979 to 2006. Biondi was a Senator from 2006 to 2008.

Biondi died on June 24, 2020 in Genoa, Italy at the age of 91.

Ciriaco De Mita

Ciriaco Luigi De Mita (; 2 February 1928 – 26 May 2022) was an Italian politician. He served as the 47th Prime Minister of Italy from 1988 to 1989. He was as Member of the European Parliament from 2009 to 2013.

De Mita died on 26 May 2022, at the age of 94, while recovering from surgery for a broken a femur after having a fall at his Avellino home.

2014 Canadian Championship

The 2014 Canadian Championship was the 7th Canadian Championship tournament. Montreal Impact, Toronto FC, FC Edmonton, Vancouver Whitecaps and Ottawa Fury participated in the competition.

2017 FIFA Confederations Cup

The 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup (Russian: Кубок конфедераций 2017) was the 10th and final FIFA Confederations Cup tournament. It took place from 17 June to 2 July. It was hosted in Russia.

The tournament featured the following teams: Russia (hosts), Germany, Australia, Chile, Mexico, New Zealand, Portugal and Cameroon. Besides the hosts, all of the other teams qualified because they either won the FIFA World Cup or their regional championship.

Four cities were chosen for the tournament, Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Sochi and Kazan.

The dates for the tournament were chosen on 24 July 2015.






Joan Copeland

Joan Copeland (June 1, 1922 – January 4, 2022) was an American actress and the younger sister of celebrated playwright Arthur Miller. She began her career during the mid-1940s. 

She was known for her Broadway shows such as "Detective Story" (1949), "Not for Children" (1951), "Handful of Fire" (1958), "Tovarich" (1963), "Something More!" (1964), "The Price" (1968), "Coco" (1969), "Two By Two" (1970), "Checking Out" (1976), "45 Seconds from Broadway" (2002), and "Wit & Wisdom" (2003).

Copeland died on January 4, 2022 in New York City at the age of 99.


Georg Ratzinger

Georg Ratzinger PA (15 January 1924 – 1 July 2020) was a German Catholic priest and musician. He was known for his work as the conductor of the Regensburger Domspatzen, the cathedral choir of Regensburg, Germany. He was the elder brother of Benedict XVI, Pope Emeritus. He was born in Bavaria, Germany.

Ratzinger died on 1 July 2020 in Regensburg, Germany, aged 96.


Wrestling singlet

A wrestling singlet (or simply singlet) is a colored uniform worn in amateur wrestling. It is a one-piece, tight-fitting garment. It is usually made of spandex/lycra or nylon.

Saint Petersburg Stadium

The Saint Petersburg Stadium (Russian: Стадион Санкт-Петербург; also called the Krestovsky Stadium or Zenit Arena) is an association football stadium in Saint Petersburg, Russia. During the 2018 FIFA World Cup, the stadium had a capacity of 64,468 people. The stadium cost $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion to build.

The stadium is now the home of FC Zenit St. Petersburg. It was used for the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup, 2018 FIFA World Cup, and will be used for the UEFA Euro 2020.

The stadium hosted these matches.


Away goals rule

The Away goals rule is a way of breaking ties in association football when two teams played two legs and once at each team's homeground. The rule says that the team that scored the most "away from home" is awarded the win. This rule is used in the UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League, FIFA World Cup qualification, CONCACAF Champions League, MLS Cup playoffs, AFC Champions League, AFC Cup, Copa Libertadores, Copa Sudamericana, CAF Champions League, CAF Confederation Cup, Liga MX playoffs, Football League Cup semifinals and Football League play-offs semifinals.

A real life example would be in the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League, where Marseille and Inter Milan were playing in the Round of 16. Marseille won the first leg 1–0 at home, and lost the second leg 1–2. Because they were away from home, and they scored one goal (unlike Inter Milan, as they didn't score a goal when they were away from home), they won the match on away goals.


Football Association of Iceland

The Football Association of Iceland (Icelandic: "Knattspyrnusamband Íslands"; or the KSÍ) is the main association football body in Iceland. It was founded on 26 March 1947, and joined FIFA on the same year. It also joined UEFA in 1954. The Football Association of Iceland organizes and controls the Úrvalsdeild, Iceland national football team and Iceland women's national football team. Their headquarters are in Reykjavík.


Besta-deild karla

The Úrvalsdeild (English: Men's Select Division) is the top Icelandic association football league. It was founded in 1912. Because of the harsh winters in Iceland, it is often played from spring to summer. It is run by the Football Association of Iceland. It has 12 clubs. As of 31 July 2015, the league was the 35th best in Europe. Since 27 April 2009, the league has also been known as the Pepsi-deildin (English: The Pepsi League) after the Football Association of Iceland and Ölgerðin signed a three-year contract together.

Since 1955, the worst teams in the league were sent to the 1. deild karla. The current champions are Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar (FH), and the team with the most titles is Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur (KR).

The only teams to have won a title are KR (26), Valur (20), ÍA (18), Fram (18), FH (6), Víkingur (5), Keflavík (4), ÍBV (3), KA (1), Breiðablik (1) and Stjarnan (1).



Chiara Pierobon

Chiara Pierobon (21 January 1993 – 1 August 2015) was an Italian professional racing cyclist. 

Pierobon was born in Mirano, Veneto. She died in Ingolstadt, Bavaria, from a suspected pulmonary embolism. Pierobon was travelling with her team Top Girls Fassa Bortolo to the Sparkassen Giro in Germany when she fell ill.

Margot Loyola

Margot Loyola Palacios (September 15, 1918 – August 3, 2015) was a Chilean musician, folk singer and researcher of the folklore of Chile and Latin America in general. Loyola was active as a musician and musical ethnographer/anthropologist for many decades. Loyola was born in Linares, Chile.

Loyola died in Santiago, Chile at the age of 96.

Universal Parks &amp; Resorts

Universal Parks & Resorts is the theme park division of NBCUniversal (a subsidiary of Comcast). The division is responsible for the operation and maintenance of Universal theme parks and resort properties around the world. It is best known for attractions that are based on famous pop culture properties (movies, television, literature, cartoons, comics, video games, music, etc.) from Universal Studios and NBC, as well as from other companies.





These projects have been announced or are currently under construction. This information may change as the projects move forward.

Les Munro

Squadron Leader John Leslie (Les) Munro CNZM, DSO, QSO, DFC, JP (born 5 April 1919 – 4 August 2015) was the last surviving pilot of the Dambusters Raid of May 1943.

Munro was born in Gisborne, New Zealand. He died on 4 August 2015 in Tauranga, New Zealand at the age of 96.

Lamberto Dini

Lamberto Dini (born 1 March 1931) is an Italian politician and economist. He was the 51st Prime Minister of Italy from 1995 to 1996 and Foreign Minister from 1996 to 2001.

Jurassic Park: The Ride

Jurassic Park: The Ride is a water-based amusement ride. It is based on the Steven Spielberg movie "Jurassic Park" and Michael Crichton's novel. It is at Universal Studios Hollywood. The ride was researched and built while the movie was in its production phase.

The ride opened on June 21, 1996. Duplicates of the ride have since been built at Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios Japan. A river rapids ride version of the attraction, Jurassic Park Rapids Adventure, opened in Universal Studios Singapore in 2010.

2014 Úrvalsdeild

The 2014 Úrvalsdeild was the 103rd Úrvalsdeild. Stjarnan won the tournament undefeated.


Stjarnan

Stjarnan F.C. (Stjarnan Knattspyrnudeild; English: Star F.C.) is an Icelandic sports club from Garðabær. It was founded in 1960. It is best known for their association football team. The men's football team has won the Úrvalsdeild once. The women's team has won it three times. The volleyball team has also won the Icelandic Championship five times.


Mel Farr

Melvin Farr (November 3, 1944 - August 3, 2015) was a former American football player. He played for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for UCLA.

Farr was born in Beaumont, Texas. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles. Farr died from complications of chronic traumatic encephalopathy, aged 70.


Flory Jagoda

Flory Jagoda (born Flora Papo; December 21, 1923 – January 29, 2021) was a Bosnian Jewish-American guitarist, composer and singer-songwriter. She was known for her interpretation of Ladino songs and the Bosnian folk ballads, sevdalinka.

Jagoda died on 29 January 2021 from problems caused by dementia, aged 97.

Gary Martin (footballer)

Gary John Martin (born 10 October 1990) is an English born association football player who currently plays for the Icelandic club of Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur.

Martin started his career in Middlesbrough, where he advanced through the youth system and was given a scholarship. He was a very good striker in his youth. In his senior career, he played in a few pre-season matches with Middlesbrough, but he was eventually loaned to the Hungarian team of Újpest.

After leaving Middlesbrough, he was bought be the Icelandic Íþróttabandalag Akraness that was playing in the 1. deild karla. Although he was only supposed to stay for one season, he eventually stayed for two, and made his first goal against Þór Akureyri.

After a successful season, Martin was bought by the Icelandic champions Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur for a small fee. Martin was the co-top scorer in 2013, and the top scorer in 2014. He was given the award of best foreign player in the league and was selected in the "Team of the year".

ÍA

KR

Marlboro Township, New Jersey

Marlboro Township, New Jersey is a township of Monmouth County, New Jersey.

People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Marlboro Township include:


El Cerrito, California

El Cerrito is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States and it also lies in the San Francisco Bay Area. It was founded by refugees after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. El Cerrito was incorporated on August 23, 1917.

El Cerrito has a cool Mediterranean climate. This means that El Cerrito has generally mild weather, with warm summers and cool winters. It rains an average of 23 inches. It snowed in El Cerrito in 1976, and snow is sometimes on the forecast as well.

The 2020 United States Census said that El Cerrito had a population of 25,962. The racial makeup was:


Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3,075 people (11.8% of the population).

Roots rock

Roots rock is a type of rock music that has folk, blues and country music in it. It was created in the United States during the 1960s. The genre later spread into country rock and southern rock. Some popular artists that played roots rock include Creedence Clearwater Revival, Bonnie Raitt and The Rolling Stones.

Campeonato Nacional (Chile)

The Campeonato Nacional (English: National Championship; also known as the Chilean Primera División) is the top Chilean association football league. It was founded in 1933. The league is ranked 25th in the IFFHS's Best Leagues of the World ranking as of 2014.

Stanley Donen

Stanley Donen (April 13, 1924 – February 21, 2019) was an American movie director and choreographer. His most famous movies were "Singin' in the Rain" and "On the Town".

Donen was born in Columbia, South Carolina. He was married to Marion Marshall from 1952 to 1959 until they divorced. He was partners with comedian Elaine May from 1999 until 2019. Donen died of heart failure in New York City on February 21, 2019 at the age of 94.


Elaine May

Elaine Iva May (née Berlin; born April 21, 1932) is an American screenwriter, movie director, actress and comedian. She was known for being in an improvisational comedy with Mike Nichols called "Nichols and May". She has been nominated twice for an Academy Award, for "Heaven Can Wait" (1978) and "Primary Colors" (1998).

In 1971, May directed, wrote and starred in "A New Leaf", becoming the first woman to do all three in a Hollywood movie. She would later become known for directing the comedy "The Heartbreak Kid" (1972).

In 2013, May was honored with the National Medal of Arts by President Barack Obama. In 2018, May returned to the Broadway stage in Lila Neugebauer's version of Kenneth Lonergan's play "The Waverly Gallery". She won the 2019 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play, becoming the second oldest performer to win a Tony Award for acting. 

In 2022, May was honored with the Honorary Academy Award.


NGC 4526

NGC 4526 is a lenticular galaxy in the Virgo constellation. In a telescope, it looks like a lentil-shaped structure with spiral arms. It is one of the brightest lenticular galaxies. It is thought that a supermassive black hole is in the center of the galaxy. Astronomers say that the supermassive black hole is 450 million times the mass of the Sun.

Since astronomers found this galaxy, two supernovas have occurred around it. The most recent was SN 1994D, which was the supernova of a white dwarf that was made of carbon and oxygen. NGC 4526 spins at a speed of 250 kilometers per second (559,234 mph or about 900,000 kph).

SN 1994D

SN 1994D was a Type IA supernova near the NGC 4526 galaxy. It was discovered in 1994 by Treffers, Filippenko, Van Dyk, and Richmond using an observatory at San Francisco State University.

Satellite flare

A Satellite flare (also called a Iridium flares or satellite glint) is a phenomenon caused by man-made satellite where the sunlight is reflected back to Earth. This results in a quick and bright "flare." Some flares can be up to 20 times brighter than Venus.

Iridium satellites are satellites that are used for telephones and other purposes such as navigation. Most of them are in a controlled orbit, so the flares from these satellites can be predicted. Computer programs can be fed the satellite's information and can predict a flare to an observer's location. The iridium satellite is known for having a weird shape. It has three door-sized antennas that occasionally reflects sunlight back to Earth. These can be very bright. So much so, that it can even be seen during the day. This annoys astronomers because it disrupts their observations.

Wind chill

Wind chill is the decrease in air temperature felt when wind touches the body.

Wind chill numbers are always lower than the actual outside temperature. When the temperature felt outside is higher than the real temperature, the heat index is used.


West Frisian language

West Frisian ( , ; ) is a language that is mainly spoken in Friesland, Netherlands. As of 2005, 94% of the people in Friesland understand West Frisian, 74% can speak it, 75% can read it and 27% can write it.

West Frisian uses the Latin alphabet. A,E,O and U can sometimes have unique accents added to them.

In Western Frisian, there are two types of genders that nouns can have. One is the "common" gender (where both the male and female genders are put together). The other type is a neutral gender noun.

Like many other languages, West Frisian has singular and plural nouns. The two main suffixes used in the language, are ""-(e)n"" and ""-s"."

West Frisian also used three types of verbs: weak, strong and irregular.

After a series of riots by pro-Frisian activists, West Frisian became an official language in the Netherlands in 1956.

West Frisian is a required subject in schools in Friesland. Courts in Friesland speak West Frisian. People in court are allowed to go under oath speaking West Frisian.

West Frisian is often considered as the closest language to modern English. Here is an example:

Text in West Frisian :

Dis dei is goed oeral. De sinne is waarm en de licht fan de sinne-skinen fielen goed wit de myld wyn. Juster elke was goed, buten dis dei is better. De sinne-opgong en de sinne-undergong is moai wit de blew lofts. Buten dis dei is lyket de maaitiid en net de simmertiid. Ik find dit dei de best of de wike. De rein komt foar de wykein foar Saterdei en Sunndei moarn, but it will net by kald en wol gean oer uus by de middei. De stjeren wol elke by sichtber yn de nacht en sa wol de moanne.

English translation :

This day is good overall. The sun is warm and the light from the sun-shining feels good with the mild wind. Yesterday also was good, but this day is better. The sunrise and the sunset is beautiful with the blue sky. But this day is like the springtime and not the summertime. I find this day the best of the week. The rain is coming for the weekend for Saturday and Sunday morning, but it will not be cold and will go over us by the midday. The stars will also be visible in the night and so will the moon.

Melania Trump

Melanija Knavs Trump (born April 26, 1970) is a Slovenian-American socialite, model and businesswoman. She was also the first lady of the United States from 2017 to 2021 as the wife of 45th president of the United States, Donald Trump.

She grew up in Slovenia (then Yugoslavia). She worked as a fashion model through agencies in the European fashion capitals of Milan and Paris. After that, she moved to New York City in 1996. She was associated with Irene Marie Models and Trump Model Management. 

In 2005, she married the real estate developer and TV personality Donald Trump. She gave birth to their son Barron in March 2006. Later that year, she became a naturalized American citizen. She is the second immigrant woman after former Louisa Adams and the first non-native English speaker to become first lady.

After her husband's presidency ended, historians have consistently ranked Trump as one the worst first ladies in American history.

Melanija Knavs was born in Novo Mesto, Slovenia on April 26, 1970. Her father, Viktor Knavs was from the nearby town of Radeče. He managed car and motorcycle dealerships for a state-owned vehicle manufacturer. Her mother Amalija Ulčnik Knavs, came from the village of Raka. She worked as a patternmaker at the children's clothing manufacturer Jutranjka in Sevnica.

As a child, Knavs and other children of workers at the factory participated in fashion shows that featured children's clothing. She has an older sister, Ines Knauss, who is an artist. She has an older half-brother who she reportedly has never met from her father's previous relationship. 

When Knavs was a teenager, she moved with her family to a two-story house in Sevnica. As a high-school student, she lived in a high-rise apartment in Ljubljana. She attended the Secondary School of Design and Photography in the city. She studied architecture and design at the University of Ljubljana for one year before she dropped out.

In September 1998, Knavs met real estate mogul Donald Trump at a party. The couple began dating while the latter was in the process of divorcing his second wife, Marla Maples. The divorce was finalized in 1999. In 1999, the couple gained attention after a lewd interview with shock jock Howard Stern on his show. 

The two became engaged in 2004. On January 22, 2005, they married in an Anglican service at the Episcopal Church of Bethesda-by-the-Sea in Palm Beach, Florida. There was a reception in the ballroom at her husband's Mar-a-Lago estate. 

On March 20, 2006, Trump gave birth to their son, Barron William Trump. She chose his middle name and her husband chose his first name. She also has four stepchildren, stepsons Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump and stepdaughters Ivanka Trump and Tiffany Trump.

In 2016, Trump told CNN her focus as first lady would be to help women and children. She also said she would combat cyberbullying, especially among children.

On July 18, 2016, Trump gave a speech at the 2016 Republican National Convention. Trump was later accused of plagiarizing Michelle Obama's speech at the 2008 Democratic National Convention.

Trump became the first lady of the United States when her husband inaugurated as the 45th president of the United States on January 20, 2017. As first lady, Trump focused on spending time meeting with children all over the world while in classrooms, hospitals, care facilities, at home in the White House, and in communities worldwide. 

She met with leaders in technology and social media companies to raise awareness of resources available to protect children. She traveled to military bases domestically and overseas, including Iraq in 2018. 

Trump also worked with Second Lady Karen Pence in expanding the American Red Cross Comfort Kit program to include deployed United States troops who are stationed away from home during the holidays. 

In the summer of 2020, Trump honored the 100th anniversary of the ratification of the 19th Amendment and the women’s suffrage movement. She hosted a children’s art competition that showed drawings of people, objects, and events that hold a significant meaning to the women’s suffrage movement. 

Trump also sent care packages and donated lunches to hospitals, local law enforcement officers, foster care facilities, and others who fought the Coronavirus disease. 

In May 2018, Trump formally started the Be Best public awareness campaign. It focused on issues such as, social and emotional health of children, online safety, and fighting opioid abuse and cyberbullying.

In October 2018, Trump took a solo international trip to Africa, visiting Ghana, Kenya, Malawi, and Egypt, hospitals, schools, and USAID programs benefiting children. She went on international trips with the president and met with more than 30 foreign diplomats, heads of state, and their spouses to share solutions to issues impacting children around the world.

When Trump and her husband visited Vatican City in May 2017, she identified as Catholic. She was the first Catholic to live in the White House since John F. Kennedy an was the second Catholic first lady after Jacqueline Kennedy.

https://www.whitehouse.gov/melania-trump/

https://melaniatrump.com/

The Trump Organization

The Trump Organization is an American limited liability conglomerate founded in 1971. It is based in Trump Tower in Manhattan, New York City. The current trustees are Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump, and Allen Weisselberg. The company is owned by Donald Trump.

Corey Burton

Corey Gregg Weinberg (born August 3, 1955), known professionally as Corey Burton, is an American voice actor. He is known as the current voice of Ludwig Von Drake and Captain Hook. He voices many other characters for Disney projects.



Irina Shayk

Irina Valeryevna Shaykhlislamova (; born 6 January 1986 in Yemanzhelinsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian born model and actress. She is best known for her work with "Sports Illustrated" and was on the cover of the 2011 issue. She appeared in the 2014 film "Hercules".


Tim Farron

Tim Farron (born 27 May 1970) is a British politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Westmorland and Lonsdale since 2005. Farron was the leader of the Liberal Democrats until his announced resignation in June 2017.

From 2011 to 2015, Farron served as president of the Liberal Democrats. He became popular in the party because he did not vote for higher university tuition fees.

After the heavy Liberal Democrat party losses in the 2015 election, Nick Clegg resigned as party leader. This caused a leadership election to be held. Farron beat his rival Norman Lamb and was elected leader.

Farron resigned as Lib Dem leader after the 2017 general election.

Ronald Reagan filmography

This is a list of movies of all of Ronald Reagan's most prominent onscreen acting roles as well as narrating roles. Also, included in this list are some of Reagan's special cameo appearances. He retired from acting so that he could be active in politics. He was elected Governor of California and soon President of the United States.


Içami Tiba

Içami Tiba (March 15, 1941 – August 2, 2015) was a Brazilian psychiatrist, writer and panelist. Tiba was known for writing his book "Quem ama, Educa!". He was born in Tapiraí, Brazil.

Tiba died in São Paulo, Brazil, aged 74.


Templo Mayor

The (Great Temple) was one of the main temples of the Aztecs. It was in their capital city of Tenochtitlan, which is now Mexico City. Its architectural style belongs to the late Postclassic period of Mesoamerica. The temple was called the "" in the Nahuatl language. It was dedicated to two gods, Huitzilopochtli, god of war, and Tlaloc, god of rain and agriculture. Each one had a shrine at the top of the pyramid with separate stairways. The spire in the center of the image to the right was devoted to Quetzalcoatl in his form as the wind god, Ehecatl. 

The Great Temple devoted to Huiztilopochtli and Tlaloc was approximately at its base. Construction of the first temple began sometime after 1325. It was rebuilt six times after that. The temple was destroyed by the Spanish in 1521. The modern-day archeological site lies just to the northeast of the Zocalo, or main plaza of Mexico City The site is part of the Historic Center of Mexico City, which was added to the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1987.

Kings Dominion

Kings Dominion is a theme park in Doswell, Virginia. It is north of Richmond and south of Washington, D.C., off Interstate 95. The park opened on May 3, 1975. It is owned by Cedar Fair. Kings Dominion offers over 60 rides, shows and attractions including 21 roller coasters and water park. The name of the park comes from the name of its sister park, Kings Island, and the nickname for the state of Virginia, "Old Dominion".

Amy Schumer

Amy Beth Schumer (born June 1, 1981) is an American stand-up comedian, writer, actress, and producer. She is the star of the sketch comedy series "Inside Amy Schumer", which has been airing on Comedy Central since 2013. She starred in comedy movies "Trainwreck" and "Snatched".


Daryl Hall

Daryl Franklin Hohl, professionally known as Daryl Hall (born October 11, 1946), is an American rock, R&B and soul singer, keyboardist, guitarist, songwriter and producer. He is best known as the co-founder and lead vocalist of Hall & Oates (with guitarist and songwriter John Oates).


John Oates

John William Oates (born April 7, 1948) is an American rock, R&B and soul guitarist, musician, songwriter and producer. He is best known as half of the rock and soul duo, Hall & Oates (with Daryl Hall).


Natalia Molchanova

Natalia Vadimovna Molchanova (, 8 May 1962 – 2 August 2015) was a Russian champion free-diver. She was the President of the Russian Freedive Federation. Molchanova was born in Ufa in 1962. She was the world's most decorated free-diver ever, with a total of 40 world records. 

On 2 August 2015 she was reported missing after a dive near Ibiza, Spain. Initial rescue and recovery efforts were unsuccessful. She was presumed dead by drowning by rescue officials and her son. 

Microsoft Edge

Microsoft Edge is a web browser. It was developed by Microsoft. It was first released for Windows 10 and Xbox One in 2015, for Android, Chrome OS and iOS in 2017, then macOS in 2019, and has also been made available for older Windows versions back to Windows 7 without any updates since early 2023. It replaced Internet Explorer as the default browser on Windows 10. Internet Explorer 11 will remain available alongside Edge on Windows 10 for compatibility purposes. Edge is also the default browser for (the by-now discontinued operating system) Windows 10 Mobile. Microsoft Edge can replace Microsoft Internet Explorer on Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 R2 or later, but this browser doesn't support Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008 or earlier.

Edge connects with Microsoft's online platforms, with the help of Cortana, Microsoft's virtual assistant. Cortana provides voice control, search functionality, and personalized information. Edge also has a "Reading List" function to sync content between devices. It has a "Reading Mode" that makes reading websites easier. Edge has extensions hosted on the Microsoft Store.

As of May 2022, according to StatCounter, Edge is 2nd most popular web browser in the world after Google Chrome, and slightly ahead of Safari (this differ by country, e.g. in the US Safari has a safe lead on Edge), and way ahead of its predecessor Internet Explorer.

While Edge was originally built with Microsoft's own technologies ("engines"), it was rebuilt as a Chromium-based browser (for better compatibility with Google Chrome, also built on Chromium, and its extensions). As part of this big change, Microsoft intended to add support for Windows 7, 8, 8.1, macOS, and Linux.

Microsoft Edge is the default web browser on Windows 10, Windows 10 Mobile, and Xbox One consoles, replacing Internet Explorer 11 and Internet Explorer Mobile. As its development and release is dependent on the model of "Windows as a service", it is not included in Windows 10 Enterprise Long-term servicing branch (LTSB) builds.

Favorites, reading list, browsing history and downloads are viewed at the Hub, a sidebar providing functionality similar to Internet Explorer's Downloads manager and Favorites Center.

The browser still includes (while being phased out) an integrated Adobe Flash Player (with an internal whitelist allowing Flash applets on Facebook websites to load automatically, bypassing all other security controls requiring user activation) and a PDF reader. It also supports asm.js.

Edge does not support legacy technologies such as ActiveX and Browser Helper Objects, and instead uses an extension system. Internet Explorer 11 remains available alongside Edge on Windows 10 for compatibility; it remains nearly identical to the Windows 8.1 version and does not use the Edge engine as was previously announced.

Edge integrates with Microsoft's online platforms in order to provide voice control, search functionality, and dynamic information related to searches within the address bar. Users can make annotations to web pages that can be stored to and shared with OneDrive, but can't save HTML pages to their own computers. It also integrates with the "Reading List" function and provides a "Reading Mode" that strips unnecessary formatting from pages to improve their legibility.

EdgeHTML is a proprietary layout engine developed for Edge. It is being phased out.
In December 2014, writing for "ZDNet", technology writer Mary Jo Foley reported that Microsoft was developing a new web browser codenamed "Spartan" for Windows 10. She said that "Spartan" would be treated as a new product separate from Internet Explorer, with Internet Explorer 11 retained alongside it for compatibility. This browser would later become Microsoft Edge.

In November 2017, Microsoft released ports of Edge for Android and iOS. The apps feature integration and synchronization with the desktop version on Windows 10 PCs. Due to platform restrictions and other factors, these ports do not use the same layout engine as the desktop version, and instead use OS-native Webkit-based engines.

In April 2018, Edge added tab audio muting. In June 2018, support for the Web Authentication specifications were added to Windows Insider builds, with support for Windows Hello and external security tokens.

On December 6, 2018, Microsoft announced its intent to base Edge on the Chromium source code, using the same rendering engine as Google Chrome but with enhancements developed by Microsoft. It was also announced that there will be versions of Edge available for Windows 7, Windows 8.1, and macOS, and that all versions will be updated on a more frequent basis. The initial release of the Chromium-based Edge, for desktops, is expected in the fall of 2019.

On April 8, 2019, the first Chromium-based builds of Edge for Windows were released to the public.

On May 20, 2019, the first Chromium-based preview builds of Edge for macOS were released to the public, marking the first time in 13 years that a Microsoft browser was available on the Mac platform. The last time a Microsoft browser was available on the Mac platform was Microsoft Internet Explorer for the Mac, which was withdrawn in January, 2006.

Microsoft's planned switch to Chromium as Edge's engine has faced mixed reception. The move will increase consistency of web platform compatibility between major browsers, and for this reason, the move has attracted criticism, as it reduces diversity in the overall web browser market, and increases the influence of Google (developer of the Blink layout engine) on the overall browser market by Microsoft ceding its independently developed browser engine.


Traunstein

Traunstein is a town in the south-eastern part of Bavaria, Germany, and is the administrative center of a much larger district of the same name.

The town is at the middle of a region called Chiemgau, about 11 km east of Lake Chiemsee between Munich and Salzburg, 15 km north of the Alps, and 30 km west of Salzburg.

Traunstein is twinned with:


Isabelle Adjani

Isabelle Yasmine Adjani (born June 27, 1955) is a French actress, producer and singer. In 2010, she was made Chevalier of the Legion of Honour. She has won more César Awards than any other performer.


Everclear (band)

Everclear is an American rock band from Portland, Oregon formed in 1991.

Härryda

Härryda is a locality in Härryda Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 968 people lived there.

Forced labor

Forced labor includes all forms of slavery and related practices including debt slavery, serfdom, human trafficking and labor camps. It is any work or service a person is forced to do against their will. It usually includes a threat of some form of punishment. The International Labour Organization had defined Forced labor as "all work or service which is exacted from any person under the menace of any penalty and for which the said person has not offered himself voluntarily." This was in the Forced Labour Convention, 1930 (No. 29). Exceptions included work done while serving in a military organization, community service when the work serves the community, and anyone convicted and serving a prison sentence. Convict labor must be supervised by public officials. The convention does not allow convicts to be under the supervision of private individuals, companies or organizations.

There are over 29 million people living as slaves today. There are an estimated 60,000 slaves living in the United States. This includes prostitutes and sex workers, illegal immigrants and those held in debt bondage.

<br>

Arrondissements of the Hérault department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Hérault department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Hérault are:

Since its creation, the Hérault department has had few changes:


Arrondissement of Béziers

The arrondissement of Béziers is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Hérault "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Béziers.

When the Hérault department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Béziers was part of that original department.

It is the southernmost and largest of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of . It has 312,443 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Béziers is bordered to the north by the Aveyron department and the "arrondissement" of Lodève, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Montpellier, to the east by the Mediterranean Sea, to the south by the Aude department and to the west by the Tarn department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Béziers, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement"; the other cantons are completely within the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Béziers has 152 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Lodève

The arrondissement of Lodève is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Hérault "département". Its capital is the city of Lodève.

When the Hérault department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Lodève was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" was eliminated in 1926 but was made again an "arrondissement" in 1942.

It is the northernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of . It has 94,714 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Lodève is bordered to the north by the Gard department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Montpellier, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Béziers, and to the west by the Aveyron department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Lodève, there is only one canton, the Canton of Gignac, with all is "communes" in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Lodève has 98 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Montpellier

The arrondissement of Montpellier is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Hérault "département". Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Montpellier.

When the Hérault department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Montpellier was part of that original department.

It is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of . It has a population of 700,241 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" covers the northeastern part of the department and is bordered to the north and northeast by the Gard department, to the east and south by the Mediterranean Sea, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Béziers and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Lodève.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Montpellier, there are 14 cantons with all is "communes" in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Montpellier has 93 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Copa América

Copa América (English: America Cup; previously called the South American Championship or South American Championship of Nations) is a football tournament that has the teams from CONMEBOL (South America). It was founded in 1916, and it is the oldest tournament that only has teams from a certain continent.

The Copa America is one of the most watched sporting events in the world. The winner of the tournament goes to the FIFA Confederations Cup.

The current format has 10 South American teams and two other teams from other FIFA federations in each tournament. The most successful teams have been Uruguay and Argentina, with 15 titles. Argentina won the last tournament.

"Since the 2016 Copa América Centenario"

1916 South American Championship

The 1916 South American Championship was the first South American Championship and it took place in Argentina. Uruguay won the tournament.

At the time, CONMEBOL only had four members:

3 goals

2 goals


1 goal



1917 South American Championship

The 1917 South American Championship was the second South American Championship and it took place in Uruguay. Uruguay won the tournament.

At the time, CONMEBOL only had four members:

4 goals

3 goals

2 goals


1 goal


Own goals


1919 South American Championship

The 1919 South American Championship was the third South American Championship and it took place in Brazil. Brazil won the tournament.

At the time, CONMEBOL only had four members:

<br>

4 goals


3 goals


2 goals

1 goal


Own goals


Shep Gordon

Shep E. Gordon (born 1946) is an American talent manager, Hollywood movie agent, and producer. He was born in Jackson Heights, Queens. Gordon is featured in a 2013 documentary, "", which was directed by Mike Myers. He is known for being the manager of Alice Cooper and former manager of Teddy Pendergrass.

2011 Copa América

The 2011 Copa América (also known as the 2011 Campeonato Sudamericano Copa América or Copa América 2011 Argentina) was the 43rd Copa América. The tournament was organized by CONMEBOL, which is the main association football body in South America. The tournament went from 1 July to 24 July 2011.

Uruguay won the tournament over Paraguay. Paraguay was known for going to the final without winning a single game. Because Uruguay won the tournament, they were allowed to play in the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup. Peru finished at 3rd place after defeating Venezuela.

Japan and Mexico were both invited to the tournament. After some controversy that was brought up by UEFA, Mexico were only allowed to bring their Under-23 Olympic Team to the tournament.

People thought that Japan wouldn't be in the tournament because of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. However, Japan said that they will still be in the tournament. They decided to leave the tournament on 4 April 2011, because the games would get in the way of some J. League Division 1 matches. Even though Japan then decided to play in the tournament, and send some European-based players instead, they still decided to leave on May 16 because some European clubs didn't want to send their players away. On the next day, CONMEBOL sent a request to the North American team of Costa Rica, and Costa Rica then accepted the invite.

The teams below were in the tournament:


<br><br>






Roger Vergé

Roger Vergé (7 April 1930 – 5 June 2015) was a French chef and restaurateur. He is thought to be one of the greatest chefs of his time. The Gault Millau described him as "the very incarnation of the great French chef for foreigners".

2011 Copa América Final

The 2011 Copa América Final was the final match of the 2011 Copa América. It happened on 24 July in Buenos Aires, Argentina and it was won by Uruguay over Paraguay.

The final was the first time since 2001 that neither Argentina and Brazil played against each other for the title. Both Uruguay and Paraguay entered the match having previously won the Copa America multiple times. Uruguay had won the tournament 14 times, and Paraguay had won it twice. Paraguay also reached the final, having not won a single match in the tournament.

Just 12 minutes into the match, Luis Suárez scores after a Paraguay defender accidentally passed the pall to a Uruguay player. Again another defender mistake caused Diego Forlan to score at the 41th minute, leaving the score at 2–0 at half-time. 

Diego Forlan would later score again at the 89th minute, to finish the game off at 3–0. The game finished with 4 Uruguay players and 2 Paraguay players receiving a yellow card.

Palomar Mountain

Palomar Mountain is a mountain ridge in the Peninsular Ranges in northern San Diego County, California. It is known for the Palomar Observatory.

The Köppen climate classification says that Palomar Mountain has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate. Oak, pine, fir and cedar trees grow there.

It rains an average of a year. It snows a year. The coldest temperature ever recorded was on 25 January 1949. The hottest was on 22 August 1969.

Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton

Camp Pendleton or Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton is the major West Coast military base of the United States Marine Corps. It is in San Diego County, California next to Oceanside, San Clemente, Cleveland National Forest, Orange County, Riverside County and Fallbrook.

The number of soldiers (that are not reservists), is 42,000.

The base is 125,000 acres (506 km2).

Pendleton is split into two areas, North and South. It was created in 1942 to train troops during World War II. By October 1944, Camp Pendleton was called a long-lasting base. Pendleton became the home of the 1st Marine Division. The base was named after World War I Major General Joseph Henry Pendleton (1860–1942). Today it is home to many units including the I Marine Expeditionary Force.

The area that is now known as Camp Pendleton was explored by the Spanish, and many missions were created in the area. The most famous one is Mission San Luis Rey de Francia, which is in modern-day Oceanside (just 1.5 miles south of Camp Pendleton). The area was also owned by farmers, and a successful cattle industry was run by a wealthy British landowner named John (Don Juan) Forster.

In 1914 Pendleton was assigned to Camp Howard, North Island, San Diego. Right away he saw the value of the area's good weather and harbor. He lobbied Congress and Marine Corps Headquarters for a permanent Marine base on the West Coast.

In the early 1940s, both the United States Army and United States Marine Corps were looking for a large base. The Army stopped caring about the project. The Marine Corps announced on February 1942 that the Camp Pendleton area would become the largest Marine Corps base in America. They purchased Rancho Santa Margarita las Flores for $4,239,062. Because the base was at first considered to be a temporary base, the buildings were built to minimum standards. The base was then mainly used for training.
<br>

Palomar College (NCTD station)

The Palomar College station is a Sprinter light rail line and a BREEZE bus station. It is served by North County Transit District. It is the main transport station in San Marcos, California. The bus pickup area is in Palomar College. The train station is across the street.


Buena Creek (NCTD station)

The Buena Creek station is a Sprinter light rail station. It is served by North County Transit District. Although the address is in Vista, it is actually just in a unincorporated area of San Diego County.


San Marcos Civic Center (NCTD station)

The San Marcos Civic Center is a Sprinter light rail station. It is served by North County Transit District. It is on San Marcos Boulevard.


Axur, Re d'Ormus

Axur, re d'Ormus ("Axur, king of Ormus") is an Italian opera in five acts. The music was written by Antonio Salieri. The libretto was written by Lorenzo da Ponte. The opera was first performed at the Burgtheater in Vienna on 8 January 1788. It was a great success.




Sprinter (light rail)

The Sprinter (usually spelled like SPRINTER) is a diesel multiple unit light rail train system that goes from Oceanside and Escondido, San Diego County, California, United States. The train system used a 22 miles (35 km) train track. The track was previously built, and 15 stations were built around them. Currently 4 cities have the Sprinter train in them: Oceanside, Vista, San Marcos and Escondido.

Coast Highway (NCTD station)

The Coast Highway station is a Sprinter light rail station. It is served by North County Transit District.


Papillon (dog)

The Papillon (, ""butterfly[-eared]""), also called the Continental Toy Spaniel, is a breed of dog of the Spaniel type. The Papillon is one of the oldest of the toy spaniels. Its name comes from its butterfly-like look of the fringed hair on the ears. The dog is alert and friendly with people and other dogs. The Papillon is a very active dog. It is also easy to train.

The Papillon's ancestors can be seen in many 16th century paintings by Old Masters. The earliest pictures containing these toy spaniels are by Tiziano Vecellio. The earliest Continental Toy Spaniels had drooping ears. Near the end of the 19th century the erect butterfly-like ears became popular. They began to call these dogs Papillons. From that time on the dog was available in two nearly identical breeds. The Papillon with its erect butterfly-like ears and the Phalène with its moth-like drop ears. In 1915 the Papillon breed was recognized by the American Kennel Club (AKC).

<br>

Typhoon Soudelor

Typhoon Soudelor (also known as Typhoon Hanna) was a western Pacific tropical cyclone in 2015. The storm developed toward the end of July and lasted until mid-August. The storm affected the Northern Mariana Islands. The storm was forecast to also affect Taiwan and China. Soudelor was the most powerful typhoon in 2015.

Viroid

Viroids are the smallest infectious pathogens known. They consist solely of short strands of circular, single-stranded RNA without protein coats. They are mostly plant pathogens (plant diseases), some of which can cause crop loss. Viroid genomes are extremely small in size. They are about 80 times smaller than the smallest virus. The human pathogen (causes diseases in humans) hepatitis D virus is a defective RNA virus similar to viroids.

Viroids were the first "sub-viral pathogens" discovered and named by Theodor Otto Diener. He was a plant pathologist at the U.S Department of Agriculture's Research Center in Beltsville, Maryland, in 1971. The first viroid to be identified was the "Potato spindle tuber viroid" (PSTVd). About 33 species have been identified.

<br>

The Blue Lagoon (1980 movie)

The Blue Lagoon is a 1980 American romantic adventure drama movie. It was directed by Randal Kleiser and filmed on Turtle Island Fiji. The screenplay by Douglas Day Stewart was based on the novel "The Blue Lagoon" by Henry De Vere Stacpoole. The film stars Brooke Shields and Christopher Atkins. The movie is a remake of the 1949 movie of the same name. There was also a 1923 silent movie version of the Blue Lagoon directed by W. Bowden. 

It is about a boy and girl who are cousins. After escaping a fire at sea they are stranded on a remote island in the Pacific Ocean. They are left to survive on their own. The two children learn to live off the island's natural resources. As they become teenagers, the two fall in love.

Roger Ebert called it the "dumbest movie of the year". The nude scenes by then 14-year-old Brooke Shields were artfully covered by gluing her hair to her chest and using body doubles. Rona Barrett, a gossip columnist, compared the movie to child pornography. Reviewers were more impressed by the scenery in Fiji than the movie's plot. Janet Maslin of the New York Times said neither Atkins or Shields did much acting. The movie was nominated for an Oscar for Best Cinematography. Christopher Atkins received a Golden Globe nomination for New Star of the Year.

It was followed by "Return to the Blue Lagoon".

Orna Porat

Orna Porat (), born as "Irene Klein", (June 6, 1924 – August 6, 2015) was an German-born Israeli theater actress. She attended drama school and began her stage career at a repertory theater in Schleswig.

She moved to Mandatory Palestine in 1946, and converted to Judaism in 1957.

Porat died at the age of 91 on August 6, 2015.

Johanna Quandt

Johanna Quandt (21 June 1926 – 3 August 2015) was the German widow of industrialist Herbert Quandt, who saved BMW from bankruptcy. As a result, she was the 8th richest person in Germany, 82nd in the world and 11th richest woman according to Forbes.

As of August 2014, the Quandt family is estimated to be worth $46.3 billion. She died at the age of 89 in her home in Bad Homburg near Frankfurt.

Joe Arpaio

Joseph Michael "Joe" Arpaio (born June 14, 1932) was the six-time elected sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona from 1993 until 2017. A controversial figure, Arpaio has been accused of abuse of power, misuse of funds, failure to investigate sex crimes, improper clearance of cases, unlawful enforcement of immigration laws, and election law violations, amongst others. 

In 2017, Arpaio was found guilty of racial profiling in federal court, however he was later pardoned by President Donald Trump.

Arpaio was an unsuccessful candidate in Arizona's Republican primary election for U.S. Senate in 2018.

Arpaio was born in Springfield, Massachusetts.


Theo van Els

Theodorus "Theo" Johannes Maria van Els (14 May 1936 – 4 August 2015) was a Dutch academic. He was born in Wanssum. He served as Rector magnificus of the Radboud University Nijmegen between 1994 and 2000. He was a professor of applied linguistics.

PyMOL

PyMOL is an open source program for the viewing and manipulation of data from proteins and other biological molecules. PyMOL is written in the Python programming language.


Buddy Roemer 2012 presidential campaign

Former Governor of Louisiana and former U.S. Representative Buddy Roemer of Louisiana began a movement for the 2012 Republican Party nomination for President of the United States shortly following the 2010 midterm elections.

After he was not added to the nationally-televised Republican debate, Roemer announced on February 22, 2012 that he would instead run on a third-party ticket, specifically the Reform Party and Americans Elect nominations. Shortly after Americans Elect announced they would not be fielding a candidate, Roemer's campaign announced on May 31, 2012 that he was ending his 2012 presidential campaign altogether.


Tahult

Tahult is a locality in Härryda Municipality in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. In 2010, 585 people lived there.

Chest x-ray

A chest X-ray or chest film an x-ray of the chest used to diagnose diseases of the chest. X-rays are among the most common medical images. Doctors use them to diagnose problems.

Like all radiography methods, chest x-rays use ionizing radiation. The chest x-ray process makes a chest x-ray photo. The photo shows the inside of the chest.

Chest x-rays are used to find many diseases inside the chest. A doctor can use an x-ray to examine bones, lungs, heart, and great vessels. Pneumonia and congestive heart failure are commonly diagnosed by chest radiograph. Chest x-rays are used to screen for job-related lung disease, for example in mining where workers breathe dust.

Men of Honor

Men of Honor (Men of Honour in the UK and Ireland) is a 2000 American drama movie. It was directed by George Tillman, Jr. and it was produced by Bill Badalato and Robert Teitel. The movie was inspired by the story of Master chief petty officer Carl Brashear, the first African American master diver in the United States Navy.

The movie got mixed reviews from critics. It has a 42% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert gave the movie 3 out of 4 stars and called it "an old-fashioned biopic". He, however, criticized Theron's appearance in the movie and called it "professional but unnecessary to the picture".


Regulate (song)

"Regulate" is a hip hop song performed by Nate Dogg and Warren G. The song was released in the summer of 1994. It appears on the soundtrack of "Above the Rim", and later "Regulate... G Funk Era".

The song reached #2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It also hit #8 on the R&B/Hip Hop chart.

The song samples "I Keep Forgettin' (Every Time You're Near)" by Michael McDonald.

Louise Suggs

Mae Louise Suggs (September 7, 1923 – August 6, 2015) was an American professional golfer. She was one of the founders of the LPGA Tour. She was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

Suggs died in Sarasota, Florida at the age of 91.


Manuel Contreras

Juan Manuel Guillermo Contreras Sepúlveda (4 May 1929 – 7 August 2015) was a Chilean military officer and the former head of DINA, Chile's secret police during the dictatorship of General Augusto Pinochet. As head of DINA he was the most powerful and feared man in the country, after Pinochet. Until his death in August 2015 of multiple organ failure, he was serving 58 sentences totaling 498 years in prison for kidnapping, forced disappearance and assassination.

Mafia III

Mafia III is an open world third-person action-adventure video game. It was developed by Hangar 13. It was published by 2K Games. It was announced on July 29, 2015. It was first shown at Gamescom on August 5, 2015. It was released on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One on October 7, 2016.

The game is set in 1968 in the city of New Bordeaux (based off New Orleans, Louisiana, United States). The protagonist is Lincoln Clay, a black mixed race orphan and was in the Vietnam War and was a veteran, who is on a quest to get revenge on the Italian mob. Vito Scaletta, "Mafia II" protagonist, returns.

On May 19, 2020 2K Games released Mafia III: Definitive Edition. Including "Mafia: Trilogy Pack", when all 3 Mafia games in one package.

Jovanotti

Lorenzo Cherubini (born 27 September 1966), better known as Jovanotti is an Italian singer-songwriter.

Jovanotti first sang a mix of hip hop, rap and disco. Then he included funk, world music and even classical music and ska. Most of his songs are sung in Italian. He has also made a Spanish language greatest hits album.

Cherubini is the third of four brothers. His oldest brother, Umberto was a flying instructor at Touchandgo School until his death in a plane crash on 22 October 2007. After that, Jovanotti composed "In orbita" and "Fango" as tribute. The second brother, Bernardo, is a showman.

Jovanotti attended at Liceo Malpighi in Rome where he get a degree in science.

Jovanotti's musical career began in 1988. "Jovanotti for President" was his first album.



List of football federations

Below is a list of the international football federations:


These are the football federations in each continent:


Vladimir Zeldin

Vladimir Mikhailovich Zeldin (; February 10, 1915 – 31 October 2016) was a Russian theatre and cinema actor. Zeldin was born in the town of Kozlov (now Michurinsk). He is, as of 2014, the oldest living People's Artist of the USSR. He turned 100 in 2015.

Zeldin died in Moscow, Russia on 31 October 2016 at the age of 101.


Vladimir Etush

Vladimir Abramovich Etush () (6 May 1922 – 9 March 2019) was a Soviet movie and television actor and a People's Artist of the USSR (1984), an honorary title granted to citizens of the Soviet Union.

Etush died on 9 March 2019 from heart failure in Moscow, aged 96.

Leonid Bronevoy

Leonid Sergeyevich Bronevoy (; December 17, 1928 – December 9, 2017) was a Nika Award-winning Soviet and Russian actor. He was known for his work in the Lenkom Theatre. Bronevoy also made occasional appearances in movies. He was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1987.

Aleksandra Pakhmutova

Aleksandra Nikolayevna Pakhmutova (; born November 9, 1929) is a Russian composer. She has remained one of the best known figures in Soviet and later Russian popular music since she first achieved fame in her homeland in the 1960s.


Terrence Evans

Terrence Horace Evans (June 20, 1934 – August 7, 2015) was American actor, voice artist, and comedian, best known for his role as Baltrim in "" and "". He also portrayed Old Monty in "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" and "".


The Yards

The Yards is a 2000 American crime drama movie. It was directed by James Gray and it was produced by Nick Wechsler, Paul Webster, and Kerry Orent.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 64% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert gave the movie 3 out of 4 stars.



Air Florida Flight 90

Air Florida Flight 90 was a scheduled U.S. domestic passenger flight from Washington National Airport to Fort Lauderdale – Hollywood International Airport. On January 13, 1982, the Boeing 737-200 registered as N62AF, crashed into the 14th Street Bridge over the Potomac River.

The aircraft had originally been purchased by United Airlines in 1969 and flown with the registration number of N9050U. It was sold to Air Florida in 1980.

While the 737 was still at the airport, it had been deiced at the gate and tried to push back with reverse thrust when the pushback tug became stuck without proper snow equipment. After pushback and taxi to the departure runway, Captain Larry Wheaton began to grow worried about ice accumulating on the wings as the plane waited in line for departure behind a New York Air DC-9.

Captain Wheaton then taxiied his plane into the exhaust of the DC-9 ahead of him, successfully temporarily deicing the wings of the plane. The melted ice then refroze around the EPR sensors of the engines. When the flight was clear for departure, the EPR settings were showing usually high and the First Officer replied to this saying "that's not right", and the captain replied saying "yes it is, there's eighty [knots]".

Upon rotation of the aircraft and the plane becoming airborne, the aircraft's stick shaker stall warning immediately activated as the airplane harshly and quickly pitched up into the air, with the wings contaminated with ice. The first officer was pilot flying. The captain urges the first officer to push forward on the yoke and that they only wanted to climb to 500 feet as the airspeed was dangerously low, and the aircraft was at a high angle of attack. The 737 then began to descend towards the 14th Street Bridge in a fully developed aerodynamic stall. The first officer then exclaimed "stalling, we're falling", and then "Larry, we're going down, Larry", to which the captain replied, "I know".

The aircraft struck the 14th Street Bridge, which carries Interstate 395 between Washington, D.C. and Arlington County, Virginia. It crushed seven occupied vehicles on the bridge and destroyed of guard rail before it plunged through the ice into the Potomac River and broke apart. 

The crash occurred less than two miles (3 km) from the White House and within view of both the Jefferson Memorial and The Pentagon. The aircraft was carrying 74 passengers and five crewmembers. Four passengers and one flight attendant survived and were rescued from the crash. Another passenger, Arland D. Williams, Jr., assisted in the rescue of the survivors but drowned before he himself could be rescued. Four motorists on the bridge were killed. The survivors were rescued from the icy river by civilians and professionals. 

President Ronald Reagan commended these acts during his State of the Union speech a few days later, and the bridge was renamed after Arland D. Williams. The cause of the crash was pilot error.


Hermitage cats

The Hermitage cats are a group of cats living in the Hermitage Museum in Saint Petersburg, Russia. The museum has a secretary for the news media about the cats. Three people take care of their daily needs.

The cats live in the museum's basement. In the summer, they also go along the river bank and on the plaza. Cats have been guarding the museum for more than 200 years, since the Tsars ruled Russia. In earlier times, they roamed freely through all the museum galleries.

In 2010, Maria Haltunen ("Khaltunin" in Russia), who directs the museum's cat program, said that there were 60 cats on the museum grounds. The museum staff joked that officially the museum is only supposed to have 50 cats.

In May 2013, the count had grown to 74 cats, of both sexes, Haltunen said. (All have been "fixed" so they can't have kittens). There are kitchens for cooking their food ("they all have different preferences"), and even a small hospital.

Donations, charity gifts and sponsorship from a cat food company pay for the care of the cats.

The cats have been in the museum, that was once a palace, since the 18th century. In 1774, Empress Elizabeth of Russia gave an order for cats to come live in the palace to control the mice population. James Rodgers of the BBC said it is thought that the cats first came from Kazan, a city known for having cats good at catching mice. The cats stayed in St. Petersburg except during World War II, when the existing cat population was killed. After the war, a new group of cats was brought in because the rat population had increased.

In the 1990s Haltunen began a program to actively take care of the cats. Before this, they had lived in poor conditions.

Beginning in 2007, the museum adopts cats needing homes. The cats are an attraction for tourists.

In 2011, the museum began a "Catfest", a celebration of its cat population. "Catfest" has cat painting contests and games for children.


Northwest Airlines Flight 255

Northwest Airlines Flight 255, a McDonnell Douglas MD-82, crashed in Romulus, Michigan shortly after takeoff from Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport on August 16, 1987, at about 8:46 p.m. EDT (00:46 UTC August 17). It killed all six crew members and 148 passengers and two people on the ground. There was only one survivor, it was a 4-year-old girl, Cecelia Cichan, who sustained serious injuries. 

It was the second-deadliest aviation accident at the time in the United States and the second-deadliest involving the McDonnell Douglas MD-80 series; , the crash is the fourth-deadliest in both categories and the third-deadliest sole-survivor incident in aviation history. The flight and its two pilots originated at Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport, flying to MBS International Airport in Saginaw, Michigan, and was scheduled to terminate at John Wayne Airport in Santa Ana, California, with intermediate stops at Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport in Romulus, Michigan (outside of Detroit, Michigan) and Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, Arizona.

The MD-80 was prepared during the pushback, but in the rush, the pilots forgot to deploy the flaps for takeoff. As the aircraft lined up on Runway 32C, the pilots skipped over the flap check. After receiving takeoff clearance, the first officer applies takeoff thrust, but the Takeoff Configuration Warning System does not activate.

The aircraft was rotated upon passing rotation speed, but failed to get into the skies, and almost overran the runway. Just as the aircraft became airborne, the stall recognition system and stick shaker activated, and the aircraft began to roll side to side just under 50 feet above the ground. The left wing strikes a light pole and a car rental building, and the burning aircraft then crashes into Middlebelt Road and slides for a few hundred feet before hitting a car and exploding.

154 people on board the aircraft are killed; the sole survivor of the accident was at the time 4-year-old Cecelia Cichan, who obtained serious injuries while pinned in her seat with her seatbelt still strapped.

Delta Air Lines Flight 191

Delta Air Lines Flight 191 was a regularly scheduled Delta Air Lines domestic service from Fort Lauderdale, Florida to Los Angeles, via Dallas that crashed on August 2, 1985, at 18:05 (). The Lockheed L-1011 TriStar operating this flight encountered a microburst while on approach to land on runway 17L (now marked 17C) at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport (DFW).

The pilots were unable to successfully escape the weather event, and the aircraft impacted the ground over a mile short of the runway. The flight hit a car driving north of the airport and crashed two water tanks. The crash killed 136 of the 152 passengers and 11 crew on board, and the driver of the car. 

During the approach to Dallas Fort Worth, the flight experienced heavy thunder and turbulence. They were asked to slow their speed as they were getting too close to the Learjet ahead of them. Once the Learjet ahead had landed, they reported the weather to the ATC, who then reported the weather to Flight 191. 

The captain then goes onto the radio and says "Delta one ninety one out here in the rain, feels good", to which the first officer then states, "we're going to get our airplane washed." 

The turbulence becomes more violent as the aircraft closes in on DFW. The first officer then states, "lightning coming out of that one", to which the captain replies, "where", and the first officer finishes off saying "right ahead of us". 

As the aircraft then begins to gain speed for no apparent reason, the captain warns the first officer, who is currently the pilot flying, to "watch your speed", and then says "you're going to lose it all of a sudden, there it is". The L-1011 then begins a rapid descent, and the captain then says "push it [the throttles], push it way up". The first officer replies, "way up", which is then replied to by the flight engineer saying "way up", and the captain then replies to this, also saying "way up", and then, "that's it", referring to the throttles being at their full forward stop. The engines begin to spool, and the aircraft continues to descend, losing speed, then gaining speed again. 

The GPWS then activates, telling the pilots to pull up, and the flight engineer exclaims, "push it way up", just before the aircraft impacts the ground. The aircraft hits the ground, the nose gear making the first contact, then bounces back into the air and the left engine then hits the car of William Mayberry on Highway 114, killing him instantly. 

At this point, the left side of the plane catches fire as the aircraft remains airborne for several more seconds, before an unknown person in the cockpit exclaims "oh shit" in response to seeing an obstacle. At 18:05, the aircraft crashes into a water tank inside the airport boundaries just before Runway 17L at DFW. 134 people were killed directly as a result of the impact, and 2 more died before being rescued. 
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) determined that the crash resulted from the flight crew's decision to fly through a thunderstorm, the lack of procedures and training to avoid or escape microbursts, and the lack of hazard information on wind shear.


United Airlines Flight 232

United Airlines Flight 232 was a scheduled flight from Stapleton International Airport in Denver, Colorado, to O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. On July 19, 1989, the DC-10 (registered N1819U) operating the route crash-landed in Sioux City, Iowa, after suffering a big failure in its tail-mounted engine, leading to the loss of all flight controls. Of the 296 people on board, 111 died in the accident while 185 survived.

While the DC-10 was in cruise at 37,000 feet, the fan blade inside the number 2 engine cowling shattered, exploded, and broke through the side of the engine. Pieces of the fan blade cut through the horizontal stabilizers in the tail and cut through all three hydraulic lines for the control surfaces, ultimately (and quickly) leaving the aircraft without any flight controls.

The aircraft began to bank right and descend. Captain Al Haynes took control of the airplane and attempted to regain altitude and level out, finding that his yoke had no effect on the attitude or roll angle of the aircraft. First Officer Records also tried his controls, but he could not control the aircraft either.

The flight crew then used the throttles to fly the plane. Flight Instructor Denny Fitch offered his assistance in the cockpit and was put in charge of the throttles. The flight crew then circled multiple times to lose altitude and decided to land in Sioux City, Iowa.

On approach to the runway, the aircraft began to dip below the horizon while travelling almost twice the normal landing speed. No pilot had ever successfully landed a DC-10 at this speed, with or without flight controls. Captain Al Haynes then urges Fitch to "close the throttles," to which Fitch replied, saying "I can't cut them off or you'll lose it, that's what's turning ya". As the aircraft rapidly began to bank right and lose altitude, Fitch said "Right, Al," and Captain Haynes replied "right," then "left left left left left left left, left left left". The ground proximity warning system then activates, and the aircraft crashes into the ground, exploding, and flipping over. The fuselage breaks into five main parts. Of the 296 people on board, 111 are killed.


Moneron Island

Moneron Island is an Asian island of Russia. It lies southwest of Sakhalin.

Stapleton International Airport

Stapleton International Airport was Denver, Colorado's primary airport from 1929 to 1995. At different times it served as a hub for Continental Airlines, Frontier Airlines, People Express, TWA, United Airlines and Western Airlines.

In 1995, Stapleton was replaced by Denver International Airport. It has now been decommissioned and the airport property was redeveloped as a retail and residential neighborhood.


Smolensk air disaster

The 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash occurred on 10 April 2010 when a Tupolev Tu-154M aircraft of the Polish Air Force crashed in the city of Smolensk, Russia, killing all 96 people on board. These included the President of Poland Lech Kaczyński and his wife Maria; the former President of Poland in exile Ryszard Kaczorowski, 18 members of the Polish parliament, and relatives of victims of the Katyn massacre.

They were "en route" from Warsaw to attend an event marking the 70th anniversary of the massacre. The site is about west of Smolensk. The pilots attempted to land at Smolensk North Airport, a former military airbase, in thick fog that reduced visibility to about . The aircraft was too low as it approached the runway as a result of confusing instructions from the traffic controler. Striking trees in the fog, it rolled upside down, struck the ground, broke apart, and eventually came to rest short of the runway in a wooded area.


Smolensk

Smolensk is a city in Russia. It is located on the Dnieper River, and west-southwest of Moscow. It is the administrative center of Smolensk Oblast. As of 2014, the population was 330,000.


Sean Price

Sean Duval Price (March 17, 1972– August 8, 2015) was an American rapper. He was a member of the hip hop supergroups Boot Camp Clik and Random Axe with Guilty Simpson and producer Black Milk. He came to fame as one-half of the duo Heltah Skeltah, performing under the name Ruckus, or in short Ruck, along with partner Rock.

On August 8, 2015, Price died in Brooklyn at the age of 43. The cause of death is currently unknown, but it was reported that he died in his sleep. He is survived by his wife, and his three children." 

Studio albums


It's Too Late (Carole King song)

"It's Too Late" is a soft rock ballad by Carole King. The song is about a woman leaving a relationship. It is on King's studio album "Tapestry".

This song was released as a single in April 1971. It hit #1 on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100. Sales were later certified Gold by the RIAA.

The song was later covered by Gloria Estefan and The Isley Brothers. The Isley Brothers version was released in 1973. Estefan released her version in 1995.

Bump n' Grind

"Bump & Grind" is an R&B ballad by the singer R. Kelly. The song is about rough sexual activity. It comes from Kelly's debut record "12 Play".

The song was released in January 1994. It became a #1 single on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It also spent twelve weeks at #1 on US Hot R&B Songs. The song became the longest-running number one song of 1994.

The song was released again in 2014.

Methods of computing square roots

There are a numbers of ways to calculate square roots of numbers, and even more ways to estimate them.

The mathematical operation of finding a root is the opposite operation of exponentiation, and therefore involves a similar but reverse thought process.

Firstly, one needs to know how precise the result is expected to be. This is because often square roots are irrational. For example, square root of a nice round whole number 28 is a fraction which in its decimal notation has infinite length, and therefore it is impossible to express it exactly:formula_1

Moreover, for some real numbers the square root is a complex number. For example, square root of -4 is a complex number 2"i" :formula_2

In many cases there may be multiple valid answers. For example, square root of 4 is 2, but -2 is also a valid answer. One can verify that they are both valid answers by squaring each candidate answer and checking if you obtain 4 as the result of verification:formula_3

formula_4

Please note that calculating a square root is a special case of the problem of calculating N root.

Most calculators provide a function for calculation of a square root.

If the result does not have to be very precise, the following estimation techniques could be helpful:

Rules for the Direction of the Mind

Rules for the Direction of the Mind () is a book by René Descartes. It was written about 1628. It was not finished, because 36 rules were planned in all, but only 21 were actually written. This work was not published while the author was alive. The "Rules" were published in 1701 in Amsterdam.

Many ideas in this book reappeared, year later, in the "Discourse on the Method".

Although young, Descartes in times of "Regulae" had already believed in innate ideas, for example of the mathematical truths. 

List of governors of Arkansas

The Governor of Arkansas is the head of the executive branch of Arkansas's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

As of January 2016, there were six former U.S. governors of Arkansas who are still living. The oldest was David Pryor (1975-1979, born 1934). The most recent death of a former U.S. governor of Arkansas was that of Dale Bumpers (1971–1975), who died on January 1, 2016. The most recently serving governor to die was Frank D. White, who served from 1981 to 1983 and died on May 21, 2003.

Governor of New Jersey

The Office of the Governor of New Jersey is head of the executive branch of New Jersey's state government. The office of governor is an elected position, for which elected officials serve four-year terms. Governors cannot be elected to more than two "consecutive" terms, but there is no limit on the total number of terms they may serve. 

The official residence for the governor is Drumthwacket, a mansion located in Princeton, New Jersey; the office of the governor is at the New Jersey State House in Trenton. The first Governor of New Jersey was William Livingston, who served from August 31, 1776 to July 25, 1790. The current governor is Phil Murphy, who assumed office on January 16, 2018.

List of governors of Louisiana

This is a list of the governors of Louisiana, from 1803 to the present day; for earlier governors of Louisiana see List of colonial governors of Louisiana.




List of governors of Ohio

The Governor of the state of Ohio is the head of the executive branch of Ohio's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor has a duty to enforce state laws; the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Ohio Legislature; the power to convene the legislature; and the power to grant pardons, except in cases of treason and impeachment.

Governor of New York

The governor of New York is the head of state and head of government of the U.S. state of New York and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor is also the chairperson of the gubernatorial cabinet.

Kathy Hochul is the 57th and current governor of New York, in office since August 2021.

The governor has a duty to enforce state laws and the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the New York State Legislature, to convene the legislature, and to grant pardons, except in cases of treason and impeachment. Unlike the other government departments that compose the executive branch of government, the governor is the head of the state Executive Department.

Under the New York State Constitution, a person must:

The governor is elected by the people through the popular election to a four-year term, along with the lieutenant gubernatorial candidate or the incumbent lieutenant governor as their running mate. The gubernatorial candidate or incumbent governor must have the majority of the popular vote in order to win the election.

If the governor dies, reigns, or is impeached, the lieutenant governor ranks first in the succession will assume the power and duties as governor.

Governor of Texas

The Governor of Texas is the head of the executive branch of Texas's government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The gubernatorial election is held every four years on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November. 

, there are two former U.S. governors of Texas who are currently living at this time, the oldest being George W. Bush (1995–2000, born 1946). The most recent death of a former U.S. governor of Texas was that of Mark White (1983–1987), on August 5, 2017. The most recent U.S. governor of Texas to serve who has died is Ann Richards (1991–1995), who died on September 13, 2006.

Governor of Wisconsin

The Governor of Wisconsin is the highest executive authority in the government of the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The position was first filled by Nelson Dewey on June 7, 1848, the year Wisconsin became a state. Prior to statehood, there were four Governors of Wisconsin Territory.

, there were five former governors of Wisconsin still living. The most recent death of a former Governor of Wisconsin was that of Tony Earl (1983–1987) on February 23, 2023.

Governor of Maryland

The Governor of Maryland heads the executive branch of the government of Maryland, and is the commander-in-chief of the state's National Guard units. The Governor is the highest-ranking official in the state and has a broad range of appointive powers in both the State and local governments, as specified by the Maryland Constitution. Because of the extent of these constitutional powers, the Governor of Maryland has been ranked as being among the most powerful Governors in the United States.

, three former U.S. governors of Maryland are currently living, the oldest being Parris Glendening (served 1995–2003, born 1942). The most recent U.S. governor of Maryland to die was Harry Hughes (served 1979–1987, born 1926), on March 13, 2019. 

List of governors of Rhode Island

This is a list of the governors of Rhode Island, from 1775 to the present day; for earlier governors of Rhode Island see List of colonial governors of Rhode Island.

Warwick, Rhode Island

Warwick ( , more locally ) is a city in Kent County, Rhode Island, United States. It is the second largest city in the state, with a population of 82,823 at the 2020 census.

Rarotonga

Rarotonga is the largest island of the Cook Islands. The chief town, Avarua, is also the nation's capital. As of 2011, 10,572 people live on the island and is nearly 50 km wide.

The Departed

The Departed is a 2006 American crime drama thriller movie. It is directed by Martin Scorsese and written by William Monahan. The movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Mark Wahlberg, Martin Sheen, Ray Winstone, Vera Farmiga, Anthony Anderson and Alec Baldwin. It was very successful, getting positive reviews and $289.8 million in the box office as well as winning four Academy Awards. It is a remake of the 2002 Hong Kong movie "Infernal Affairs".

The movie is set in Boston, Massachusetts. Irish Mob boss Francis "Frank" Costello (Jack Nicholson) plants Colin Sullivan (Matt Damon) as a mole within the police force. At the same time, the police get William "Billy" Costigan (Leonardo DiCaprio) to gain access into Costello's crew. This leads to Sullivan and Costigan each trying to find the other's identity before his own cover is blown.

Zaslawskaye Reservoir

Zaslawskaye reservoir is a man-made lake on the northwestern edge of Minsk, Belarus. It is located at N 53° 58' 51.24" E 27° 23' 3.12". It is also sometimes known as the Minsk Sea. It is about 5 km by 3 1/2 km.

Kayyar Kinhanna Rai

Kayyar Kinhanna Rai () (8 June 1915 – 8 August 2015) was an Indian independence activist, author, poet and a journalist. He used to work with Gandhi when peacefully fighting for India's independence.

Kai died from pneumonia at a hospital in Badiyadka, Kasaragod, Kerala at the age of 100.

Harkishan Singh Surjeet

Harkishan Singh Surjeet (23 March 1916 – 1 August 2008) was a communist politician from Punjab, India. He was the General Secretary of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) from 1992 to 2005 and was a member of the party's Political Bureau from 1964 to 2008.

Madison De La Garza

Madison Lee De La Garza (Dallas, Texas; December 28, 2001) is an American actress, maternal half-sister of the singer and actress Demi Lovato. She is best known by her role of Juanita Solís in "Desperate Housewives".

Madison De La Garza was born in Dallas, Texas, daughter of Dianna De La Garza and Eddie De La Garza.

De La Garza plays the recurrent role of Juanita Solís, in "Desperate Housewives" of ABC. Juanita is the daughter of Gabrielle Solís (Eva Longoria) and Carlos Solís (Ricardo Chavira).

De La Garza has been bullied at school, and her sister Demi talked about her and that she has been intimidated.

In December 2010, De la Garza announced through Twitter that she was doing a Christmas present for his sister Demi, who was receiving treatment for "physical and emotional problems"


Cardiovascular disease

Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a kind of disease that involves the heart or blood vessels. Cardiovascular disease includes coronary artery diseases (CAD) such as angina and myocardial infarction (commonly known as a heart attack). Other CVDs are stroke, hypertensive heart disease, rheumatic heart disease, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation, congenital heart disease, endocarditis, aortic aneurysms, and peripheral artery disease.

Reform Party of the United States of America

The Reform Party of the United States of America (RPUSA), generally known as the Reform Party USA or the Reform Party, is a political party in the United States, founded in 1995 by Ross Perot. It can be seen as a third party to the Republican and Democratic parties. The party had nominated several notable candidates over the years, such as founder Ross Perot, Pat Buchanan, and Ralph Nader. 
The party's most significant victory came when Jesse Ventura was elected governor of Minnesota in 1998.

Frank Gifford

Francis Newton "Frank" Gifford (August 16, 1930 – August 9, 2015) was an American football player and television sportscaster. He was known for broadcasting on "Monday Night Football". Gifford played for the New York Giants from 1952 through 1964. He was born in Santa Monica, California.

On August 9, 2015, Gifford died from a heart attack at his home in Greenwich, Connecticut, aged 84. He is survived by his wife of 29 years Kathie Lee Gifford. He suffered from Chronic traumatic encephalopathy.

Joyce Jameson

Joyce Jameson (September 26, 1932 – January 16, 1987) was an American actress. She played sexualized roles at the same time Marilyn Monroe was famous. She played a fun girl named Skippy in the 1960s television program "The Andy Griffith Show". She played "The Blonde" in the 1960 Academy Award winning movie "The Apartment". She also played small parts in other movies and was not listed as a cast member.

Jameson was born in Chicago, Illinois. She committed suicide by overdosing on pills at age 54 in Burbank, California.

Dottie West

Dottie West (born Dorothy Marie Marsh; October 11, 1932 – September 4, 1991) was an American country musician and songwriter. She was one of the genre's most influential artists. Her career began in the 1960s with her Top 10 hit "Here Comes My Baby Back Again". That won her a Grammy Award for Best Female Country Performance in 1965. Throughout the 1960s, she had many Top 10 and Top 20 songs.

In the 1970s, West wrote a popular commercial for the Coca-Cola company, "Country Sunshine", which hit #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles list in 1973.

West was born in McMinnville, Tennessee. She died after a car accident at age 58.

Achim Hill

Achim Hill (April 1, 1935 – August 4, 2015) was a German rower. He competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics and for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Köpenick.

In 1960 he won the silver medal in the single sculls event. Four years later he won his second silver medal in the 1964 single sculls competition. At the 1968 Games he represented East Germany and finished fifth in the single sculls contest.


Susan Sheridan

Susan Haydn Thomas (4 May 1947 – 8 August 2015), better known as Susan Sheridan, was a British actress. She was born in Newcastle, England.

Her voice acting roles included Noddy in the Cosgrove Hall/BBC Television series "Noddy's Toyland Adventures", Princess Sylvia in "Muzzy in Gondoland", Trillian in the radio series "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" and Princess Eilonwy in the animated movie "The Black Cauldron".

Sheridan died at home in London on 9 August 2015, aged 68.


Chicago Principles

Chicago Principles refers to a set of guidelines on free expression developed by the University of Chicago. Besides the University of Chicago, several other American universities have adopted these guidelines. The name "Chicago Principles" was given by the president of Purdue University. The core concept of the Principles as originally expressed in terms of the University of Chicago is: "Except insofar as limitations on that freedom [i.e., "free and open inquiry in all matters" guaranteed to "all members of the University community" with "the broadest possible latitude to speak"] are necessary to the functioning of the university, the University of Chicago fully respects and supports the freedom of all members of the university community 'to discuss any problem that presents itself.'"

2015–16 Premier League

The 2015–16 Premier League was the 24th Premier League that took place from 8 August 2015 to 17 May 2016.

It was won by Leicester City who, guided by Claudio Ranieri, upset bookmakers odds of 5000/1 at the start of the season by finishing 10 points clear of 2nd place Arsenal to win their 1st ever top flight English league title.

The season was supposed to end on Sunday 15th May, but instead ended on Tuesday 17th May due to the abandonment and subsequent rearrangement of Manchester United's last home game against A.F.C. Bournemouth after a bomb scare.

David Ellefson

David Warren "Dave" Ellefson (born on 12 November 1964 in Jackson, Minnesota, United States) is an American bassist. He was a member of the band Megadeth. Along with Dave Mustaine, he is one of the founding members of the band. He currently lives in Scottsdale, Arizona.

He has also played with Soulfly, Avian, Temple of Brutality, F5, Killing Machine, Ministry, Hail! and Altitudes & Attitudes.


Super Collider (album)

Super Collider is an album by Megadeth. The album was recorded from December 18, 2012 until March 13, 2013. It was released June 4, 2013. The album has 11 songs.

Even though it was not well-liked by critics, "Super Collider" debuted at number six on the "Billboard" 200. It sold 29,000 copies in the U.S. in its first week. Even though it sold fewer copies than the album before, "Thirteen" (42,000), it charted higher after the first week, because "Thirteen" debuted at number eleven. This makes the album Megadeth's highest-charting album in the U.S. since "Youthanasia", which peaked at number four in 1994.

The album dropped to number 39 on the "Billboard" 200 in its second week. Eight months after its release, U.S. sales for "Super Collider" were about 80,000 copies.

The album also had top ten success in Canada and Finland, at number four, and Norway, at number seven. Also, the album charted at number fifteen in Sweden. In other countries, the album did not manage to break into the top twenty.


San Marcos, California

San Marcos is a city in San Diego County, California, United States. It has a population of 94,833 people, as of 2020. The city was incorporated on January 28, 1963.

San Marcos has a Mediterranean climate with hot and dry summers and mild winters. The highest temperature ever recorded in San Marcos was 112 °F on July 22, 2006.


Trickle-down economics

Trickle-down economics is an economic theory: if you tax less the businesses and the wealthy, then that should make it easier for them to invest and create businesses. This will help them but also help those poorer or less rich. Hence the "trickle-down" effect from the rich to poor. 

It does not always work. Some people have accused supply-side economics, such as "Reaganomics" for naively believing that trickle down economics would help everybody. 

General supply-side theory wants to lower taxes for everyone. But trickle-down theory more specifically wants to lower taxes for the rich (the upper end of the economic spectrum).

Oceanside Municipal Airport

Oceanside Municipal Airport (also called the Bob Maxwell Field) is a public airport that is in Oceanside, San Diego County, California, United States. The airport covers 43 acres (170,000 m2) and has one runway. The airport is mostly used for general aviation, which means that no airlines operate at this airport. The airport is owned by Airport Property Ventures and the City of Oceanside.


Bronx Zoo

The Bronx Zoo is in the Bronx, New York City. It is one of North America's largest zoos. Its animals include tigers, gorillas, Indian elephants, penguins, giraffes, monkeys and snakes.

2014–15 UEFA Champions League

The 2014–15 UEFA Champions League was the 23rd UEFA Champions League, and the 60th season of a European club tournament being played. The defending champions were Real Madrid, however, Barcelona won their 5th title over Juventus.

The draw for the round of 16 was held on 15 December 2014. The first legs were played on 17, 18, 24 and 25 February, and the second legs were played on 10, 11, 17 and 18 March 2015.

The draw for the quarter-finals was held on 20 March 2015. The first legs were played on 14 and 15 April, and the second legs were played on 21 and 22 April 2015.

The draw for the semi-finals and final (to come up with the "home" team) was held on 24 April 2015. The first legs were played on 5 and 6 May, and the second legs were played on 12 and 13 May 2015.

 


Pulmonary contusion

A pulmonary contusion (or lung contusion) is a contusion (bruise) of the lung, caused by chest trauma. The bruise harms the capillaries, and then blood and other liquids collect in the lungs. These extra liquids prevent with gas exchange. Without gas exchange, oxygen levels drop (hypoxia). If the lung is cut, then the injury is instead a pulmonary laceration and has different symptoms.

A lung contusion is usually caused by blunt trauma. Explosion injuries or a shock wave from a penetrating trauma may also cause this injury.

Doctors began studying this injury after explosives hurt soldiers in World Wars I and II. In the 1960s when cars became popular people began to get this kind of injury from car accidents. 

Lung contusion and laceration are injuries to the lung. In contusion, the structure of the lung does not change. In laceration, the pieces of lung may be moved. When blood fills lacerations, the injury is called pulmonary hematoma. The difference between a contusion and a hematoma is that in a contusion, the alveoli (tiny air-filled sacs that give oxygen) will bleed, but a hematoma is a blood clot.

If the pleural cavity (the space outside the lung) accumulates blood (hemothorax) or air (pneumothorax) or both (hemopneumothorax) then this is called a collapsed lung. These conditions do not always damage the lung but they might, or they might be the result of damage. Injuries to the chest wall are also distinct from but may happen with lung injuries. Chest wall injuries include rib fractures and flail chest. In flail chest multiple ribs are broken move independently of the rib cage.

Pulmonary contusion is the most common injury found in blunt chest trauma, occurring in 25–35% of cases. It is usually caused by a collision while moving quickly. About 70% of cases result from motor vehicle collisions, most often when the chest strikes the inside of the car. Falls, assaults, and sports injuries are other causes. Pulmonary contusion can also be caused by explosions. The organs most harmed by blast injuries are those that hold gas, such as the lungs. Blast lung is severe pulmonary contusion, bleeding, or edema with damage to alveoli and blood vessels, or a combination of these. This is the usual cause of death among people who initially survive an explosion. Unlike other causes of injury in which pulmonary contusion is often found with other injuries, explosions can cause pulmonary contusion without damage to the chest wall.

Endre Czeizel

Endre Czeizel (3 April 1935 – 10 August 2015) was a Hungarian physician, geneticist and professor. He worked at the World Health Organization.

Czeizel died in Budapest from leukemia at the age of 80.

Chevrolet Tahoe

The Chevrolet Tahoe (and its sibling GMC Yukon) is a full sized SUV sold by General Motors since 1995. It replaced the Chevrolet K5 Blazer and GMC S15 Jimmy. It is available in three trims LS, LT, and LTZ. The Tahoe comes in either rear-wheel drive or four-wheel drive. It also offers FlexFuel (can burn gasoline or mixes of gasoline and ethanol up to E85). The Tahoe is available with a choice of automatic or manual transmission and has a V8 engine. The Tahoe is built on the same chassis used by full-sized Chevrolet and GMC pickup trucks.

It is also offered to police fleets as the "Chevrolet Tahoe Police Package".

<br>

Bob Frankford

Robert Timothy Stansfield Frankford (August 1, 1939 - August 1, 2015) was a Canadian politician in Ontario. He was a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 1995. He represented the Toronto riding of Scarborough East.

Frankford died in Toronto on August 1, 2015 at the age of 76.

Becky G

Rebbeca Marie Gomez (born March 2, 1997), better known by her stage name Becky G, is a Mexican-American singer, songwriter and rapper. She became popular in 2011, after she posted several videos of herself performing remixes of popular songs on to YouTube. In 2014, Gomez had her first Billboard Hot 100 entry, with "Shower", peaking at 16.


Eaglehawk

Eaglehawk is an old gold-mining town in Victoria, Australia. It is near Bendigo.

The Eaglehawk football club is known as "The Burra."

Arbiter (Halo)

The Arbiter is the title of two characters from the "Halo" franchise. Thel' Vadam originated from "Halo 2" and Ripa Moramee originated from "Halo Wars".

Thel was put on trial by the High Council for failing to defeat the UNSC at Installation 04. He was stripped of his title but was given the title of Arbiter by the Prophets of Truth and Mercy.
Thel was voiced by Keith David and Ripa was voiced by David Sobolov.

Many people didn't expect the Arbiter as a playable character for Halo 2 but they liked playing as him.

Typhoon Haitang (2005)

Typhoon Haitang was a typhoon in 2005 that caused lots of damage to China, Japan, the Philippines and Taiwan.

Typhoon Soulik (2013)

Typhoon Soulik was a typhoon that caused damage to China, Japan, and Taiwan in July 2013.

Gravemind

Gravemind is a fictional alien in the "Halo" franchise. It is the hive of the Flood and central form. It is voiced by Dee Bradley Baker.

The Gravemind encountered both Master Chief and the Arbiter. It gave them an offer to defeat the Covenant Loyalists.

For it's first appearance, there was supposed to be a full level about him but was replaced with an opening cutscene.

Many people didn't like Gravemind's first design. By the remake for Halo 2, his design was heavily improved and got better reception.

By-law

A By-law is a rule made by an organization to regulate itself. Sometimes it is also spelled bylaw or bye-law.

In the United Kingdom, Canada, and some Commonwealth countries, the local laws made by municipalities are called "by-laws". This is because the laws are regulated by the central governments.

Harda twin train derailment

The Harda twin train derailment was a twin train derailment on 4 August 2015. It happened in Harda district, Madhya Pradesh, India. It killed around 31 people. At least 72 people were injured.

Two trains passing over a small bridge both derailed within minutes of each other. The Kamayani Express was traveling to Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh. The other train, the Janata Express, was going in the opposite direction towards Mumbai. Officials say the two accidents may have been caused by a flash flood. They also fear that an unknown number of people may have been washed away by the flooded waters of the Machak river.

Halo (disambiguation)

A halo is a ring of light that surrounds an object.

Halo might also mean:

Agüero

Agüero is a family name, it may refer to:


Li Zhanshu

Li Zhanshu (born August 30, 1950 in Pingshan County, Hebei province) is a Chinese political figure. He was the chairman of the National People's Congress from 17 March 2018 to 10 March 2023.

In 1971, Li started his college life in ShiJiaZhuang Finance and Trade College. One year later he started working in government. In February 1976, he was promoted to the lowest level official in the Chinese bureaucratic structure - KeZhang, which is like a Team Leader in most western governments. In 1980s, advanced education was a huge advantage in promotion. In October 1980, Li studied Politics and Education in night school in Hebei Normal University.

Apparently benefited from the education upgrade, Li elevated to the position of CPC Secretary in Wuji county (part of ShiJiaZhuang), Hebei province. Around the same time, Xi Jinping was the CPC secretary in neighboring county ZhengDing (also part of ShiJiaZhuang). It is widely seen that the relationship established between Li and Xi during this period of time played a significant role in Li's later political fortune.

In July 1998, Li left his home province of Hebei and was promoted to provincial level leader in Shaanxi province. In 2002, Li became deputy party chief in Shaanxi. In 2003, Li was dispatched to Heilongjiang as deputy provincial party chief. In 2007, Le was appointed as acting governor of Heilonhjiang. In 2010, Li became the top ruler in Guizhou province - the CPC chief in the province.

In July 2012, Li was transferred to CPC's General Office as deputy director. In September he replacesd Lin Jihua to become the director, which is normally occupied by the CPC General Secretary's trusted person. In October 2017, Li rose to the member of CPC Politburo Standing Committee, ranking #3 in China's power structure. On March 17, 2018, Li became the chairman of National People's Congress of China.

Port Harcourt

Port Harcourt is the largest city in Rivers State, Nigeria and capital of Rivers State, Nigeria. Which is also called Pitakwa.

Port Harcourt International Airport

Port Harcourt International Airport is an airport located in Nigeria.

Rivers State

Rivers State is one of the 36 states of Nigeria. At the 2006 census, the state had a population of 5,185,400. It is the sixth-most populated state in the country. The capital and largest city is Port Harcourt. It is also the centre of Nigeria's petroleum industry.

Rivers State is bordered on the south by the Atlantic Ocean. To the north it is bordered by Imo, Abia and Anambra states. To the east it is bordered by Akwa Ibom State and to the west by Bayelsa and Delta states.

Many indigenous peoples live in Rivers State. They include Ikwerre, Ijwa, Etche, Ogba/Egbema, Ogoni and others.

Red River of the North

The Red River of the North is in North America. It starts between the U.S. states of North Dakota and Minnesota. It starts where the Bois de Su River and Otter Tail River come together. It goes north through the Red River Valley. It is the border between North Dakota and Minnesota. It goes through Manitoba, Canada. It ends in Lake Winnipeg. From Lake Winnipeg, the water goes to the Nelson River. Then it ends in the Hudson Bay. The Red River flows through the cities Fargo-Moorhead and Grand Forks in the United States.

Nour El-Sherif

Nour El-Sherif (; 28 April 1946 – 11 August 2015) was an Egyptian actor. His birth name is Mohamad Geber Mohamad ِAbd Allah (Arabic: محمد جابر محمد عبد الله). El-Sherif was born in the working-class neighbourhood of Sayeda Zainab in Cairo (). He was known for his conspiracy theories about the Holocaust and the September 11 attacks.

El-Sherif was interviewed by Egypt's CBC TV. The interview aired on September 7, 2014. It was translated by MEMRI. In the interview, El-Sharif said that the attacks of September 11, 2001 were the "result of an internal American conflict" between the "U.S. presidency and the CIA."

El-Sherif died from a heart attack in Cairo at the age of 69.

Fikret Otyam

Otyam died of kidney failure at Antalya on August 9, 2015. He was 88 years old.

Apollo Crews

Sesugh Uhaa (born August 22, 1987), better known by his ring name Apollo Crews, is a Nigerian-American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to the WWE and works on their Raw brand.

Uhaa, under the ring name Uhaa Nation, is also known for his work in Dragon Gate USA, as well as the Japanese promotion Dragon Gate. During his time in Dragon Gate, he won the Open the Twin Gate Championship with BxB Hulk. He was also named the Best Newcomer by Dragon Gate USA in 2011.

In October 2014, Uhaa entered a WWE tryout camp and he was given a developmental contract. On April 6, 2015, he started at tjhe WWE Performance Center, . In a press release on April 13, the company announced that Uhaa was a member of their new NXT wrestlers.

Uhaa made his first television appearance on the May 6 episode of NXT and signed his NXT contract during a segment with William Regal. On August 5, it was announced that Uhaa would make his televised NXT debut on August 22 at the "" event. It was also announced that his new ring name would be Apollo Crews.




Bonsall, California

Bonsall is a census designated place (CDP) in San Diego County, California, United States. It is east of Oceanside and Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton. In 2010, the city had 3,982 people.


Indian reservation

An Indian reservation is a place in the United States where Native Americans manage their own land under the US Bureau of Indian Affairs. They are not managed by the state governments. There are currently 326 Indian reservations. Some tribes do not have their own reservations. In some cases a reservation may be shared by two or more tribes. The 2000 United States census showed a larger number of Native Americans and Alaska Natives no longer lived on Indian reservations. Many now live in larger cities like Phoenix and Las Vegas. 


Mia Malkova

Mia Malkova (born July 1, 1992), formerly known as Madison Swan, is an American pornographic actress. She began her career in 2012 and has since appeared in around 130 adult movies. She has also been nominated for seven AVN Awards, winning two.

Malkova was born in Palm Springs, California. She has been married to British pornographic actor Danny Mountain since July 20, 2014.


Edin Džeko

Edin Džeko (; born 17 March 1986) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a striker for and captains both Süper Lig club Fenerbahçe and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.

VfL Wolfsburg

Manchester City

Inter Milan

Individual


2012–13 Manchester City F.C. season

The 2012–13 Manchester City F.C. season was Manchester City's 111th season, 11th English Premier League season in a row, and their 21st season in the Premier League since the team was created.

These are the top scorers for all tournaments.









Principality of the Pindus

The name Principality of the Pindus or Principality of Pindos has been used ,mainly to describe an attempt to form an autonomous district in the Pindus mountains in northern Greece in July, and August 1917. At that time, near the end of the World War I, mayors and sd other leaders from several Vlach villages in the Pindus mountain, including Samarina, Avdella and Metsovo, wanted to create an autonomous protectorate of Italy. This effort was not successful. Neither a principality, autonomous State, or autonomous district ever actually came into existence in 1917. All these events lasted only a few days. One of the members of the temporary committee that wanted to form a government for this district was the young Alcibiades Diamandi, an ethnic-Aromanian who played a significant role 25 years later in 1941-43.

The name "Principality of the Pindus" was used later to describe a similar idea which was discussed by members of the "Roman Legion" (1941-1943). This "Roman Legion" was a group of Vlachs working together with the Italian army that occupied Greece during part of World War II. Alcibiades Diamandi created and was the first leader of this "Roman Legion". The Legion never declared any kind of autonomous state. The Legion stopped existing after the surrender of Italy to the Allies in 1943.

