Windows Aero

Windows Aero (Backronym: Authentic, Energetic, Reflective and Open) is a design language used in Windows Vista and Windows 7. It changed the appearance of many elements in the Windows interface, including the look and layout.

The Aero theme is the default on computers that meet certain hardware and software requirements, and includes animation and transparency effects. If the computer does not meet the requirements for Windows Aero it will default to a basic theme.

Other features enabled by Aero include enhanced taskbar previews, window switching with a 3D effect, and the ability to manipulate windows by dragging them to different parts of the screen. However, using Aero requires a video card with certain specifications and is not available on all versions of Windows.

Windows Aero can be enabled in Windows 8, but was later completely removed in Windows 10. Third-party software can be used to add the Windows Aero theme to later versions of Windows.

Carnegie Investment Bank

Carnegie Investment Bank AB is a Swedish company that provides financial services. The company was founded in 1803 and has its headquarters in Stockholm. 

It also has offices in other Nordic countries, as well as in London, New York, and Luxembourg. Carnegie offers services such as securities brokerage, investment banking, and private banking. Its clients include institutional investors, corporations, financial institutions, private equity firms, governments, and high-net-worth individuals.

In 2008, Carnegie Investment Bank AB was nationalized due to the economic crisis. However, it was later acquired by private equity company Altor Equity Partners and investment company Bure Equity in May 2009. The company aims to re-establish itself as the leading independent investment bank in the Nordic region.

Multiconsult

Multiconsult is a company that provides engineering consultancy services. They have 2800 employees who work in Norway, Europe, and other parts of the world. Multiconsult is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. They have their main office in Oslo and also have offices in other Norwegian cities. Multiconsult also operates in Europe, Africa, and Asia. In 2015, they acquired Link Arkitektur, which is one of the biggest architecture firms in Scandinavia.

Multiconsult started with the founding of Norsk Vandbygningskontor (NVK) in 1908. NVK merged with Multiconsult in 2003. The name Multiconsult comes from when Sivilingeniørene Apeland & Mjøset AS was reorganized in 1974, and Stiftelsen Multiconsult became a major shareholder.

Official website

Velma (TV series)

Velma is an adult animation television show on HBO starring Mindy Kaling as Velma Dinkley and is a spin-off of Scooby Doo.

Adult animation

Adult animation is animation that is for grown-ups and sometimes teenagers but is not for children. Some famous examples of adult animation are Ralph Bakshi’s cartoons from the 1970s and since then The Simpsons, Futurama, Family Guy, South Park, King of the Hill, Queer Duck, Glenn Martin, DDS, Napoleon Dynamite, Regular Show, The Ren & Stimpy Show, Ren & Stimpy "Adult Party Cartoon", Rocko's Modern Life, American Dad, and a lot of other television shows have been adult animation. The first cartoon feature film to get an R rating from the Motion Picture Association of America film rating system meaning that people less than 17 shouldn’t see it unless there’s an adult with them was the South Park movie. The first CGI animated movie to be R-rated was Sausage Party.

Manifesto

A manifesto is a statement of what someone believes in or intends to do. Most manifestos belong to a group or an organisation and there is a process of agreeing what should be in them.

Political parties often make manifestos saying what they want to do if they win power in an election. Writers and artists also make them.

Usually a manifesto will talk about what people want to change. "The Communist Manifesto" is probably the most famous one.

Gabriela (1983 movie)

Gabriela is a 1983 Brazilian erotic comedy movie directed by Bruno Barreto and is based on the 1958 novel "Gabriela, Cravo e Canela". It stars Sônia Braga, Marcello Mastroianni, Antonio Cantafora, Paulo Goulart, Flávio Galvão, Joffre Soares, Nelson Xavier, Maurício do Valle, Nildo Parente and was distributed by Metro-Goldyn-Mayer.


Military uniform

A military uniform is a set of clothes worn by people in the armed forces. A uniform makes it easy to see that a person is in the forces, and which side they are on. A uniform may be made to impress people, or to frighten them. 

In Hannibal's army there were soldiers who wore white tunics with crimson edgings. The Roman armies had uniforms. Their commanders had white cloaks and feathers on their helmets. The centurions had special helmets, and chest ornaments a bit like modern medals 

The normal 18th century military uniform in Europe was a three sided hat, long-skirted coat, waistcoat and breeches. Uniforms got more colourful after the Napoleonic Wars. British soldiers had red clothing and were called "Redcoats". By the time of the First World War most uniforms were much duller, and less expensive, because the armies were very large. Grey, khaki and blue were the common colours. Steel helmets became very common. 

By World War II plain and practical combat dress had replaced the colourful uniforms, except for parades. Now almost all armies wear some sort of camouflage. 

There may be different uniforms for different activities. There may be a dress code. For actual fighting there may now be camouflage. In the past there was often armour. People who have won medals or awards may put them on their uniform or be given special uniform for a parade.

Fusang

Fusang () is the name of a mythical place or a mulberry tree in ancient Chinese literature. It is said to be east of China.

A monk named Hui Shen () was said to have visited Fusang. His description is written in the "Book of Liang". Many people debated where Fusang is. Some say it is in the Americas, the Kamchatka Peninsula, or the Kuril Islands. After the First World War, most people no longer believe that it is in America.

Hammerfest (town)

Hammerfest or Hámmárfeasta is a town in Norway located on an island called Kvaløya. It has a population of over 10,000 people and is known for its midnight sun during the summer months and polar night during the winter months. Hammerfest has a harbor that is used to process natural gas from the Snøhvit gas field. The town has a long history, including being bombed during World War II, and has since rebuilt and become an important industrial center in northern Norway.

Merce Cunningham

In a relationship with John Cage. He was his life partner from 1943 until John Cage’s death. He was a choreographer called Merce Cunningham. The relationship was (1919-2009).

Hammerfest

Hammerfest (; ) is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The administrative center of the municipality is the town of Hammerfest. The municipality has an area of and a population of 11,274 people. The population density is low, with only 4.4 people per square kilometer (1.7/m²). The municipality is made up of three large islands and several small islands. Most of it is not connected to the mainland by road. 

Hammerfest was formed as a municipality in 1838. In 1992, it merged with the neighboring municipality of Sørøysund to form a larger municipality with the same name. In 2020, it became part of the newly formed Troms og Finnmark county.


Nordkvaløya

Nordkvaløya is an island in Norway. It is located north of Ringvassøya and west of Helgøya. The Norwegian Sea is northwest of it. The island is mountainous and covers an area of . The highest point is Storalangen at . In 2017, only three people lived on the island.

James Gordon Meek

James Gordon Meek is a senior American journalist who worked for ABC News and won many awards, before he was arrested after the FBI searched his house and found hundreds of images of child pornography and evidence he was sexually abusing children, and spoke about having raped a young toddler girl and had a video of it. The media referred to other items on his computers and phones as showing "really disturbing images of child sex abuse". He was sentenced to 6 years in prison.

Meek was a drummer for a rock music band along with other journalists, and spent years working in amateur journalism and publishing an internet blog or webzine about politics, as he lived near Washington DC. He began working for the New York Daily News. He was invited by Peter King to become an expert for the House of Representatives, giving advice about preventing terrorism. He then joined ABC News as a senior producer.

A website named Dropbox noticed that Meek had uploaded five videos showing children being raped. They contacted police. Because Meek was a journalist, police had to be very careful not to do anything wrong that would make people believe they were bullying Meek for his work, which sometimes said bad things about the government. Searching through his computers and cellphones, police discovered hundreds of images - some that appear to be downloaded from the internet, and some which appear to be made by Meek himself - showing both violent rape and less violent sexual abuse of children of all ages.

The Court initially said Meek did not have to sit in prison while he waited for his trial and could be released on bail, but the government lawyers complained and the Court agreed to keep him in prison until his trial. The story was notable because other journalists knew that Meek had been arrested for child pornography, but they either did not write about the news or else wrote false stories that lied and made readers believe he had been arrested for being too good of a journalist. Many people believed this lie, and got angry with the Biden Administration saying they were being unfair to a journalist - so the government had to explain that he was believed to be raping children and sharing images and videos of it on the internet.

Zhangixalus yaoshanensis

The Yaoshan whipping frog or Yaoshan tree frog ("Zhangixalus yaoshanensis") is a frog. It lives in China in Guangxi Province. People have seen it between 800 and 1500 meters above sea level, in the Dayaoshan Mountains. It usually lives near bodies of water that don't dry out.

Yadavs of Nepal

Yadavs of Nepal (Nepali: नेपालका यादवा) or Yaduvanshi Kshatriyas (Nepali: यदुवंशी) are Yadav/Ahir caste of Nepal.

Yadavs are the descendants of Yadu, the eldest son of King Yayati. It is said that Yadu was expelled by Yayati from his kingdom and became a rebel. His successor was Madhu, who ruled from Madhuvana, situated on the banks of river Yamuna, which extended up to Saurastra and Anarta (Gujarat). His daughter Madhumati married Harinasva of Ikshvaku race, from whom Yadu was born again, this time being ancestor of Yadavas. Nanda, the foster father of Krishna, was born in the line of succession of Madhu and ruled from the same side of Yamuna. Jarasandh, Kansa's father-in-law, and king of Magadha attacked Yadavas to avenge Kansa's death. Yadavas had to shift their capital from Mathura (central Aryavart) to Dwaraka (on the western coast of Aryavart) on the Sindhu. Yadu was a legendary Hindu king, believed to be an ancestor of the god Krishna, who for this reason is sometimes referred to as Yadava.

Drury, New Zealand

Drury is an outer suburb of Auckland. It is located 36 kilometers south of the city centre and 12 kilometers northeast of Pukekohe and is close the Manukau Harbour. It has a primary school that opened in 1857. It has a Catholic high school opening in early 2024.

The Faculty

The Faculty is a 1998 American Mexican science fiction horror movie directed by Robert Rodriguez and starring Jordana Brewster, Clea DuVall, Laura Harris, Josh Hartnett, Salma Hayek, Famke Janssen, Piper Laurie, Robert Patrick, Bebe Neuwirth, Usher Raymond, Jon Stewart, Elijah Wood and Gary Grant. It was distributed by Miramax Films.


Underground

Underground may refer to:









Island in the Sun (Weezer song)

"Island in the Sun" is a 2001 song by American rock band Weezer and is the second single from their third studio album "Weezer (Green Album)". It went to number 17 in France, number 30 in Scotland, number 31 in the United Kingdom, number 47 in New Zealand and number 78 in Australia.

Blom

Blom is a company based in Norway. It is a subsidiary of NRC Group - a company that Blom merged into, in 2015. Blom provides information about maps and locations. They collect and process data and create maps and images. They focus on providing online services to government, enterprise, and consumer markets. 

Blom have over 600 employees and are in 10 different countries.

Blom was founded in 1954 and was listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange in 1988. In 2015, Blom merged with other companies to create the NRC Group.

Blom takes pictures of locations using airplanes and helicopters with GPS technology. They also use other equipment to gather information about locations. Blom has a big collection of pictures, maps, and models that they keep in a database.

Denofa

Denofa AS is an industrial company from Norway that was established in 1912 as De Nordiske Fabriker A/S, or De-No-Fa for short. The company produces oil, proteins, and fatty acid (lecithin) for the food processing industry, the fodder industry, and the pharmaceutical industry. They started refining whale oil, but later switched to using soy.

The first production facility was located in Fredrikstad and was planned and constructed by Carl Fredrik Holmboe. The company merged with the soap company Lilleborg in 1960 to form DeNoFa Lilleborg. Later, it was demerged in 1996 to again form a separate company, but remained part of the Orkla Group. Denofa currently owns a production facility in Leknes, acquired after buying 100% of the company Marine Lipids.

Denofa has 60 employees and the current CEO is Bjarne Rask Thomsen. The company is currently owned by Orkla (20%), Unikorn (40%), and the Brazilian company Inlogs (40%). They also own 60% of the Polish company Nagrol. The company imports soybeans from Brazil and uses grain from Norway. The company currently has 60 employees, and the current CEO is Bjarne Rask Thomsen

Miami Rhapsody

Miami Rhapsody is a 1995 American Finnish romantic comedy movie directed by first time director David Frankel and starring Antonio Banderas, Sarah Jessica Parker, Gil Bellows, Mia Farrow, Paul Mazursky, Kevin Pollak, Barbara Garrick, Naomi Campbell, Jeremy Piven and Kelly Bishop. It was distributed by Buena Vista Pictures Distribution.


Goblet cell

Goblet cells are specialized cells found in the body that secrete mucus and create a protective mucus layer.

Taipei tree frog

The Taipei tree frog, Taipei green tree frog, or Taipei flying frog ("Zhangixalus taipeianus") is a frog. It lives in Taiwan in Taipei County. People have seen it no higher than 1500 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 35-45 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 45-55 mm long. They have green skin. They have webbed skin on all four feet. They have large disks for climbing on all their front and back toes. This frog can change color. It can change from dark brown to light green. These frogs can have yellow, blue, or white spots or other marks. There is yellow color on the belly and legs. The iris of the eye is yellow in color.

Adult frogs live in trees. When it is time to lay eggs, they move to rice paddies or ponds.

Frogs go back to the same place to lay eggs. The male frog digs a hole in the mud near a rice paddy or pond, sometimes underneath straw or leaves. The male frog sits in the hole and sings for the female frogs. Sometimes the male frogs fight each other. The female frog then lays her eggs in the hole. She covers them in foam. She lays 300-400 eggs at a time. The tadpole is gray-white in color with spots. The tadpoles swim in the water at the bottom of the hole for about 40 days. Then it rains, and the rain pushes the tadpoles into the rice paddy or pond.

This frog is not in danger of dying out, but there are fewer of them than there were. This is because it lays eggs in rice paddy fields where human beings grow rice, but people in Taiwan decided to grow different foods instead. So there are fewer places for the frogs to lay eggs where tadpoles can grow.

Public library

A public library is a library that is open for anyone to borrow books without having to pay. They are usually paid for by taxes.They are usually run by librarians. They may run free services like reading clubs and they have places for people to study. They may have reference collections - books that have to stay in the library and provide computers and Internet for the public.

The first known libraries were in the Fertile crescent 5000 years ago - with clay tablets, not books. . 

Circulating libraries and subscription libraries came before public libraries, in the 18th and 19th centuries. In England in 1790, there were about six hundred rental and lending libraries, with about fifty thousand members. People had to pay to borrow the books. The first community-run public library, the Malatestiana Library, started in 1447 in Cesena, Italy. Chetham's Library in Manchester, claims to be the oldest public library in the English-speaking world. It opened in 1653. Biblioteca Palafoxiana in Puebla City, Mexico, is recognized by UNESCO as the first public library in the Americas. It was founded in 1646. People could not usually borrow the books from these early libraries. 

In the United Kingdom parliament it was suggested that public libraries might draw people away from public houses. The Museums Act 1845 allowed boroughs to raise money for public museums and libraries. Warrington opened a Municipal Library in 1848. Most of the early public libraries were helped by donations from philanthropists. Andrew Carnegie paid for many public libraries across the English-speaking world. 

List of Warner Animation Group movies

Warner Animation Group is an animated movie company. This is a list of the films produced. 

Mavic (bicycle parts company)

Mavic is a company that makes parts for bicycles. It was started in France in the late 1800s by Charles Idoux and Lucien Chanel. The name "Mavic" is made from the first letters of their last names and the words for "bicycle articles" in French. Mavic made many things over the years, such as a group of parts that helped a bike win a big race. But now, Mavic mainly focuses on making wheels.

In the past, Mavic was the first to make an aluminum wheel and a wheel with a disc. In 1973, Mavic also started offering help to all racing teams during bike races. This help was called "neutral support".

Recently, Mavic was sold to a company called Regent, and then to a different company called Bourrelier Group.

Punch (magazine)

Punch, or The London Charivari was a British weekly magazine of humour and satire. It was started in 1841 by Henry Mayhew and wood-engraver Ebenezer Landells. It was most influential in the 1840s and 1850s. It helped to start the use of the word "cartoon" in its modern sense. From 1850, John Tenniel was the chief cartoon artist at the magazine for over 50 years. "The London Charivari" subtitle referred to Charles Philipon's French satirical humour magazine "Le Charivari" which had started in 1832. A a charivari is a noisy parade, to shame or punish bad people. It had a picture of Mr. Punch, of Punch and Judy on the front page.

It was popular with the upper classes and got mentioned in newspapers like "The Times" and the Sunday paper "News of the World." Several phrases in the English language, including The Crystal Palace, and the "Curate's egg" came from Punch. Some famous British funny books were first serialised in "Punch", such as the "Diary of a Nobody" and "1066 and All That." It was popular all over the British Empire"." It often had stories about British India.

It employed many famous writers and cartoonists. 
After 1947–1948 when it sold more than 175,000 copies, it went downhill and closed in 1992. It was started again in 1996, but closed again in 2002.

Larry Elder 2024 presidential campaign

On April 20, 2023, Larry Elder, an American right-wing political commentator and conservative talk radio host who ran for Governor of California in 2021, announced his campaign for president of the United States.

A few months after the recall election in California, Elder began thinking about the idea of running for president.

On October 26, 2023, Elder ended his campaign and endorsed former President Donald Trump's re-election bid.

Facial tissue

A facial tissue, or tissue, is a thin, soft, piece of tissue paper. It is used to blow or wipe the nose.

María Fernanda Castro Maya

María Fernanda Castro Maya (Mexico, c. 1993) is a Mexican disability rights activist. Castro Maya has an intellectual disability. For this reason, she became part of an activist group for the rights of disabled people. This group is called "Confederación Mexicana de Organizaciones en Favor de la Persona con Discapacidad Intelectual", which translates as "Mexican confederation of Organizations in favor of intellectually challenged people". This organisation also has the support of Human Rights Watch. The organisation asks that all political parties also help people with intellectual disabilities and learning difficulties. 

She also asks that documents about political decisions should be written in language that is easy to understand. This has been called linguistic accessibility. People who are intellectually challenged should also be included in political parties, and election events.

Castro Maya was part of the Mexican delegation that presented a report to the United Nations about disability rights, and since 2020 she is the regional representative of Empower Us, a group which is part of the global network . Castro also organized the online consultation about political participation of people with intellectual or psychosocial disabilities, and moderated a panel discussion at the Inclusion International World Congress.

She even made a proposal to the 2022 Parliament of People with Disabilities to make an amendment in the Mexico City Civil Code to abolish the requirement that disabled adults still have a legal guardian. The proposal was sent to the and still hasn't been answered.

In 2022, she was included in the BBC 100 Women list for upholding disability rights in Mexico and fighting for their political participation.

Kartavirya Arjuna

Kartavirya Arjuna also known as (Sahasrabahu Arjuna) was a legendary Abhira/Yadavking of an ancient Haihayas kingdom with capital at Mahishmati which is on the banks of Narmada River in the current state of Madhya Pradesh. Kartavirya was son of Kritavirya, king of the Haihayas. This is his patronymic, by which he is best known; he is also referred to simply as Arjuna. He is described as having a thousand hands and a great devotee of god Dattatreya. One of the several such accounts states that Kartavirya Arjuna conquered Mahishmati city from Karkotaka Naga, a Naga chief and made it his fortress-capital

Salomon Group

Salomon Group is a French company that specializes in producing sports equipment. The sports include trail running, hiking, climbing, adventure racing, skiing, and snowboarding. The company was founded in 1947 in the city of Annecy by François Salomon.

At first, the company produced ski edges in a small workshop with only François' wife and son, Georges, to help. Georges Salomon later played an important role in the company's evolution towards becoming a worldwide outdoor sports brand.

Today, Salomon is a major company in the sports equipment industry. Its products are sold in over 40 countries across five continents. Salomon's product line includes running shoes, hiking boots, ski and snowboard equipment, clothing, and accessories.

Salomon is also well-known for sponsoring and hosting many trail races throughout the world, including the Golden Trail Series. The company also operates Salomon TV, a channel that tells inspirational stories about athletes, places, and interesting characters from the world of skiing, trail running, and the outdoors. 

In 2019, Salomon became part of Amer Sports, a Finnish company that specializes in producing sports equipment. Amer Sports owns other brands such as Wilson, Atomic, Precor, and Arc'teryx. Amer Sports was later acquired by the Chinese group ANTA Sports, which now owns Salomon. 

The company's current CEO is Franco Fogliato. He is responsible for overseeing the company's operations worldwide. Salomon has its headquarters in Annecy, France. Its operations in the United States are located in Ogden, Utah.

Tromsdalen detention camp

Tromsdalen detention camp was a prison built by the Nazis. It was built during the occupation of the Germans in Norway during World War II. It was in Tromsdalen, Norway. It was used as a place to hold prisoners before they were sent to other camps. Over 2000 prisoners were held there. The camp had five prisoner barracks, three personnel barracks, a toilet/wash barrack, a kitchen, and a tool shed. Prisoners were forced to work and were punished for any mistakes. Some prisoners were treated very badly, especially those who were part of the resistance against the Nazis. Women were also held at the camp and were given potatoes to peel all day. The Nazis executed 26 Yugoslavian prisoners shortly after they arrived at the camp, and eight prisoners were executed in retaliation for a partisan action that killed 22 Germans. Today, the site of the camp is occupied by Tromstun School, and a memorial marker has been placed there to remember the innocent people who was killed there.

Milford, Utah

Milford is a city in Beaver County, Utah, United States.

Cedar Hills, Utah

Cedar Hills is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States.

Eagle Mountain, Utah

Eagle Mountain is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States.

Elk Ridge, Utah

Elk Ridge is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States.

Highland, Utah

Highland is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States.

Lindon, Utah

Lindon is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States.

Salem, Utah

Salem is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States.

Saratoga Springs, Utah

Saratoga Springs is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States.

Vineyard, Utah

Vineyard is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States.

Woodland Hills, Utah

Woodland Hills is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States.

Mark Williams (snooker player)

Mark James Williams (b. 21 March 1975) is a commonly portrayed alias for a special individual, who is active in the snooker industry and performs a wide variety of professions, most notably regarded highly as a "Welsh Potting Machine", and has an emblem to denote his much deserved significance, typically presented to the public at the annual non-ranking snooker invitational proceeding, the "Masters" tournament and features a collage and visual schematic summarizing his previous feats, the pictogram also representing various cogs and cues, symbolizing his nickname and contribution the the sport likewise.

"The Welsh Potting Machine" initially turned professional in 1992 at the youthful age of 17, highly renowned as an energetic and conventional prospect which catalyzed snooker's popularity around the same duration, the similar decisions of multi-time snooker world champions and number ones Ronnie O'Sullivan and John Higgins to also turn professional that same year enable the "Welsh Potting Machine" and the aforementioned to be collectively referred to as the prestigious and greatly decorated, respected and sublime "Class of 92". 

Mark Williams also works as a part-time concessioner Welsh Potting Machine. A Welsh Potting Machine who also resembles a three-time world champion of snooker, having most recently won the world title in the year 2018. He has produced 589 century breaks, with 3 comprising of maximum breaks, an impressive feat in itself, upheaving snooker for a prolonged time and making it interesting conclusively.

Fairground (song)

"Fairground" is a 1995 song by British band Simply Red and is the fifth studio album "Life". It went to number 1 in Ireland, Italy, Scotland and the United Kingdom, number 2 in Belgium and Zimbabwe, number 5 in Austria, Germany and the Netherlands, number 6 in New Zealand, Spain and Switzerland, number 7 in Australia, number 8 in Iceland, number 16 in Denmark, number 17 in Sweden and number 26 in France.






Kroken, Troms

Kroken is a part of Tromsø, a city in Norway. It's on the mainland, across from the city centre which is on an island called Tromsøya. It's near Tromsdalen and Movik. Kroken is mostly houses and has two schools, a church, a football club, and a big shopping mall with Norway's biggest Coop Prix store. It's estimated altitude is above sea level.

My Generation (song)

"My Generation" is a 1965 song by English rock band The Who and is the title track from their debut studio album of the same name. It went to number 2 in Australia and the United Kingdom, number 3 in Canada, number 6 in Germany, number 7 in Ireland and the Netherlands, number 9 in Austria and number 74 in the United States.

Runaway Train (Soul Asylum song)

"Runaway Train" is a 1993 song by Soul Asylum and is the third single from their sixth studio album "Grave Dancers Union". It went to number 1 in Canada and Lithuania, number 2 in New Zealand, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland, number 3 in Austria and the Netherlands, number 4 in Denmark, number 5 in the United States, number 6 in Iceland and Ireland, number 7 in United Kingdom, number 8 in Belgium, number 11 in Australia and Finland and number 16 in France. It won a Grammy Award in 1994. The song deals with children who have gone missing.

The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down

"The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down" is a 1969 song by Canadian-American The Band and taken from their second studio album "The Band". It is an A-side to their hit "Up on Cripple Creek".

The most successful version of the song belongs to Joan Baez and was taken from her 12th studio album "Blessed Are...". It went to number 3 in Canada and the United States, number 4 in New Zealand, number 5 in Australia, number 6 in the United Kingdom and number 8 in Ireland.

Laboratoires Servier

Servier Laboratories is a company that makes medicines. It is based in France and is run by a non-profit foundation. In 2018, the company made 4.2 billion euros in sales. Servier is the largest independent pharmaceutical company in France and the second-largest overall. 

It has offices in 149 countries, and most of its sales come from outside France. The company spends about a quarter of its money on research and development, and 3,000 of its employees work in this area. The company has 22,000 employees around the world and made 853 million drug boxes in 2013.

Servier has a unit in Gidy, France that makes medicines for clinical trials. It is the biggest unit of its kind in Europe. Servier is a member of the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations. In 2018, the company bought a part of Shire's oncology business in Boston, and its new US headquarters opened in 2019.

However, Servier is also known for a weight-loss drug called "Mediator". The drug was taken off the market in 2009 after it was linked to between 500 and 2,000 deaths in France. The drug was originally meant to help people with diabetes lose weight, but it was often given to people who wanted to lose weight for other reasons. Investigations found that warnings about the drug's safety were ignored or covered up. Some people believe the company had too much influence over the safety warnings.

In 2021, Servier was found guilty of deceiving people and causing involuntary manslaughter. The company was fined 2.7 million euros and ordered to pay several hundred million euros to the 6,500 people who were affected by the drug. One of the company's managers was sentenced to four years on probation. The French medical agency ANSM was also fined for not doing enough to supervise the drug's safety.

Ward, New Zealand

Ward is a small town in the Marlborough Region, New Zealand. It is situated 82 kilometers north of Kaikoura and 20 kilometers south of Seddon. It is named after New Zealand prime minister Joseph Ward. It has a primary school and has been on a boil water notice since 1995.

Marco Carnesecchi

Marco Carnesecchi (born 1 July 2000) is an Italian footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Cremonese, on loan from Atalanta.

Zhangixalus puerensis

The Puer tree frog ("Zhangixalus puerensis") is a frog. It lives in China and Vietnam.

Alex Meret

Alex Meret (; born 22 March 1997) is an Italian footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club S.S.C. Napoli and the Italy national team.

Bad Company (song)

"Bad Company" is a 1974 song by British band Bad Company and is the title track to their debut studio album "Bad Company". It was co-written by Paul Rodgers and Simon Kirke.

In 2010, Five Finger Death Punch covered "Bad Company" for their second studio album "War Is the Answer". It has a heavier tone to it than the original.

Wladimiro Falcone

Wladimiro Falcone (born 12 April 1995) is an Italian footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A Lecce, on loan from U.C. Sampdoria.

Loan (sports)

In sports, a loan lets a player temporarily play in a different club than the club they signed with. Loans may last a few weeks to a full season, sometimes even many seasons. A loan fee can be made by the parent club as well as them asking to pay a part of their wages.

Just Riadh

Riadh Belaïche (, born July 3, 1998), better known as Just Riadh, is an Algerian born social media personality and actor who became known by posting humorous videos on Instagram since 2017.

Riadh Belaïche was born on July 3, 1998, in Sidi Bel Abbès and he left Algeria for France at the age of eight with his family, in Drancy then in Seine-et-Marne department. He has a younger brother named Wissam.



Sunsari District

Sunsari District is one of 14 districts in Koshi Province of Nepal. The district is in the eastern part of the Outer Terai. It covers an area of .
According to the 2011 Nepal census, the population was 753,328. The district headquarters is at Inaruwa.


Battle of Rorke's Drift

The Battle of Rorke's Drift was a battle in the Anglo-Zulu war. The battle happened after the Battle of Isandlwana. A group of Zulus went to attack Rorke's Drift (a British mission station) after they won the battle. 150 British and colonial soldiers fought 3,000 to 4,000 Zulus. The British were able to defend the mission station.

Ariane 5

Ariane 5 is a European space launcher launched from Kourou in French Guiana its first flight was on June 7, 1996. Ariane 5 had 5 failures.

Kroken Church

Kroken Church is a church in Kroken, Norway which is part of the city of Tromsø. It is part of the Kroken parish, which is part of the Tromsø domprosti. The church was built in 2006 and has a fan-shaped design. It can hold around 600 people.

Cengiz Akturk

Cengiz Akturk is a fashion and retail brand, main office located in Sisli, Istanbul.

More than 20 years have passed since Cengiz Akturk began working in the fashion sector. He hosted his debut fashion show in 2022 at the Mandarin Oriental Bosphorus Istanbul.

Actress Pinar Altug and singer Simge Sagin wore designs of Cengiz Akturk in their events at "Mandarin" and "Ciragan Kempinski" in 2022 to showcase the brand, apart from other famous celebs who also took part including Şevval Şahin, Deren Talu and Tülin Şahin.

Cengiz Akturk has a variety of dresses, including hijab evening dresses, long and short cocktail dresses, flying skirts, and wedding dresses, on display.

Elverhøy Church

Elverhøy Church is a parish church of the Church of Norway. It is in Tromsø Municipality in Norway. The current church building was built in 1974. The original church, then known as Tromsø Church, was built in 1803 where Tromsø Cathedral is today. It served as the election church in 1814 for the city of Tromsø during Norway's first national elections. In 1861, the old church was dismantled and moved to a new location outside the city. It was eventually closed, dismantled, and moved again before being reopened as Elverhøy Church in its present location. The church now has a red, wooden exterior with a large steeple over the main entrance, and it can seat about 435 people.

Psion Organiser

Psion Organiser was the brand name of two pocket computers developed by the British company Psion in the 1980s. The Organiser I (launched in 1984) and Organiser II (launched in 1986) had a hard plastic sliding cover protecting a 6×6 keypad unlike a computer keyboard, with letters arranged alphabetically.

They competed with the Filofax and can be considered the first personal digital assistant. They had an electronic diary and searchable address database in a small, portable device.

The Organiser I had an 8-bit Hitachi 6301-family processor, running at 0.9 MHz, with 4 KB of read-only memory and 2 KB of static RAM and a one-row monochrome liquid crystal display screen. It weighed 225 grams. 

The Organiser II had its own Organiser Programming Language. It was used by Marks & Spencer, by surveyors who used it with electronic theodolites and by the British government to do social security calculations. 

Enterprise, Utah

Enterprise is a city in Washington County, Utah, United States.

Hildale, Utah

Hildale is a city in Washington County, Utah, United States.

Hurricane, Utah

Hurricane is a city in Washington County, Utah, United States.

La Verkin, Utah

La Verkin is a city in Washington County, Utah, United States.

Toquerville, Utah

Toquerville is a city in Washington County, Utah, United States.

Lone Elm, Kansas

Lone Elm is a city in Anderson County, Kansas, United States.

Westphalia, Kansas

Westphalia is a city in Anderson County, Kansas, United States.

2011 Nepal census

Nepal conducted a widespread national census in 2011 by the Nepal Central Bureau of Statistics. Working with the 58 municipalities and the 3915 Village Development Committees at a district level, they recorded data from all the municipalities and villages of each district. The data included statistics on population size, households, sex and age distribution, place of birth, residence characteristics, literacy, marital status, religion, language spoken, caste/ethnic group, economically active population, education, number of children, employment status, and occupation.


2001 Nepal census

The 2001 Nepal census () was conducted by the Nepal Central Bureau of Statistics.
According to the census, the population of Nepal in 2001 was 23,151,423.
Working with Nepal's Village Development Committees at a district level, they recorded data from all the main towns and villages of each district of Nepal. The data included statistics on population size, households, sex and age distribution, place of birth, residence characteristics, literacy, marital status, religion, language spoken, caste/ethnic group, economically active population, education, number of children, employment status, and occupation.


Gabriel C. Brown

Gabriel Christian "Gabe" Brown (born February 22, 1990), is an American-Canadian YouTuber, singer-songwriter, producer, voice actor, animator, and U.S. Navy veteran.
Born on February 22, 1990 in Annapolis, Maryland, he started to dabble on YouTube. He has over 4 million subscribers on his YouTube channel.

Brown is from Annapolis, Maryland, and currently lives in Tucson, Arizona. He is married to Claire Corlett, who is best known as the voice of Sweetie Belle in "", as of November 2022.


I Ran (So Far Away)

"I Ran (So Far Away)" is a 1982 song by British new wave band A Flock of Seagulls and is the third single from their debut studio album "A Flock of Seagulls". It went to number 1 in Australia, number 7 in New Zealand, number 9 in the United States, number 26 in Canada, number 31 in Germany, number 43 in the United Kingdom and number 46 in the Netherlands.

Prestvannet

Prestvannet (Norwegian: ) is a small lake in Tromsø, Norway. It was made into a reservoir in 1867 and used for that until 1921. Since then, it's been a park and nature reserve. The area around the lake is home to many different kinds of birds, and it's an important natural area in Tromsø. There's a path that goes around the lake that people use for sports and nature walks. In the winter, the lake freezes over and is good for ice skating.

Prestvannet is located in the southern part of the island Tromsøya. It is surrounded by the city of Tromsø. It's above sea level and up to four meters deep. The lake has too much phosphorus in it and is considered eutrophic.

Another Day in Paradise

"Another Day in Paradise" is a 1989 song by Phil Collins. It is the leading single from his fourth studio album "...But Seriously". It went to number 1 in Belgium, Canada, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Sweden, Switzerland, the United States and Zimbabwe, number 2 in Austria, Denmark, Ireland, Italy and the United Kingdom, number 5 in New Zealand, number 8 in France, number 9 in Spain and number 11 in Australia. It deals with homelessness and poverty. It won a Grammy Award in 1991.

12" single

CD maxi single

7" single

3" CD single

Virgin - VSCD1233 (Martin H)

In 2001 siblings Brandy and Ray J covered the song for the Phil Collins tribute album "Urban Renewal" and was released as a lead single in March 2001. It went to number 2 in Germany, number 3 in Switzerland, number 4 in Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden, number 5 in Austria, Hungary and the United Kingdom, number 6 in Denmark, number 7 in Belgium, number 9 in Scotland, number 11 in Australia and France and number 29 in New Zealand.

CD maxi single

CD single

The Remixes – 12-inch maxi

The Unforgettable Fire (song)

"The Unforgettable Fire" is a 1985 song by Irish rock band U2 and is the title track from their fourth album of the same name. It went to number 1 in Ireland, number 3 in New Zealand, number 4 in the Netherlands, number 6 in the United Kingdom, number 11 in Belgium and number 59 in Australia.

A shaped picture disc was issued with the IS220 release. The 12" Canadian release contained a false start at the beginning of "Love Comes Tumbling." "A Sort of Homecoming" and "Love Comes Tumbling" on the 12" Australian release were different versions from any other release.

Deeper Underground

"Deeper Underground" is a 1998 song by English funk band Jamiroquai and is taken from the 1998 movie "Godzilla" soundtrack and was included as the leading single from their fourth studio album "Synkronized". It went to number 1 in Scotland and the United Kingdom, number 2 in Iceland, number 7 in Italy, number 8 in Finland, number 9 in Ireland and Switzerland, number 10 in Spain and number 33 in New Zealand.

UK CD1

UK CD2

UK cassette single and European CD single

Australian and Japanese CD single

Spaceman (Harry Nilsson song)

"Spaceman" is a 1972 song by Harry Nilsson and taken from his seventh studio album "Son of Schmilsson". It went to number 12 in Canada, number 23 in the United States and number 95 in Australia. It was used in the HBO television series "Avenue 5".

Step Back in Time

"Step Back in Time" is a 1990 song by Australian singer Kylie Minogue and is the leading single from her third studio album "Rhythm of Love". It went to number 4 in Finland, Ireland and the United Kingdom, number 5 in Australia, number 6 in Spain and number 21 in New Zealand.

CD single

12-inch vinyl

UK 12-inch vinyl

Cassette single

French mini CD

Digital EP

Leeston

Leeston (Māori: "Karumata") is a town in the Selwyn District, New Zealand. It is situated 30 kilometers southwest of Christchurch. It has a primary school and high school. It has three camping grounds located on the Selwyn River and opened its first art gallery in 2017.

The Cutter (song)

"The Cutter" is a 1983 song by Echo & the Bunnymen and is the second single from their third studio album "Porcupine" It went to number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Ireland, number 30 in New Zealand and number 67 in Australia.

All tracks written by Ian McCulloch, Will Sergeant, Les Pattinson and Pete de Freitas except where noted.



Limited edition free with the UK 7" single (KOW 26).


Jøvik Chapel

Jøvik Chapel (Norwegian: ) is a small church in Troms county, Norway. It belongs to the Church of Norway. It is situated in the village of Jøvik, which is near Kjosen fjord. The chapel is a part of the Ullsfjord parish and is under the Tromsø domprosti (arch-deanery) in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The building was originally constructed as a school, but the school was closed in 1960. The building was renovated in 1976 to turn it into a chapel that can accommodate about 100 people.

Zhangixalus wui

The Lichuan tree frog ("Zhangixalus wui") is a frog. It lives in China. Scientists have only seen it in one place: Hanchi Village in Hubei Province. People have seen it between 1550 and 1840 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 35.2–38.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 48.6 mm long. This frog can be dark yellow-brown to light green in color on the back and sides. It has light brown spots that are dark yellow-brown on the edges. Frogs that live in grass tend to be greener than those that live in mud. The belly is cream-white with gray marks. The sides of the legs can be light red-white with gray marks. The insides of the back legs are white with brown spots. There are round disks on the toes for climbing.

Scientists named this frog after amphibian scientist Guan-fu Wu.

Sr Pelo

David Axel Cazares Casanova (born October 23, 1992), better known as Sr Pelo, is a Mexican internet personality, YouTuber, animator, illustrator and voice actor. He is best known for creating the online series "Spooky Month", and "Mokey's Show", which is a parody of Mickey Mouse. He has also made various other viral parodies. As of December 17, 2023, his channel has over 6.59 million subscribers and 1.5 billion total views.

His YouTube channel was originally named "123pendejos" before changing to Sr Pelo, based on a nickname given to him by friends. One of his videos titled "Every StoryTime Animation", parodying the new-age wave of "storytime animators" in the mid-to-late 2010's, was seen by YouTube Let's Player Arin Hanson who deemed the video as “mean" and "harmful".


Douglas, Arizona

Douglas is a city in Cochise County, Arizona, United States.

Sierra Vista, Arizona

Sierra Vista is a city in Cochise County, Arizona, United States.

Willcox, Arizona

Willcox is a city in Cochise County, Arizona, United States.

Page, Arizona

Page is a city in Coconino County, Arizona, United States.

Williams, Arizona

Williams is a city in Coconino County, Arizona, United States.

Bullhead City, Arizona

Bullhead City is a city in Mohave County, Arizona, United States.

South Tucson, Arizona

South Tucson is a city in Pima County, Arizona, United States.

Pepin of Herstal

Pepin II (c. 635 – 16 December 714), commonly known as Pepin of Herstal, was a Frankish Statesman and military leader who de facto ruled Francia as the Mayor of the Palace from 680 until his death.

Coolidge, Arizona

Coolidge is a city in Pinal County, Arizona, United States.

Eloy, Arizona

Eloy is a city in Pinal County, Arizona, United States.

Maricopa, Arizona

Maricopa is a city in Pinal County, Arizona, United States.

Somerton, Arizona

Somerton is a city in Yuma County, Arizona, United States.

Philip I of France

Philip I (c. 1052 – 29 July 1108), called the Amorous, was King of the Franks from 1060 to 1108. His reign, similarly to most of the early Capetians, was very long for the time.

Ullsfjorden

Ullsfjorden (Norwegian) or (Northern Sámi: ) is a fjord located in Troms county, Norway. It runs through the municipalities of Tromsø, Karlsøy, and Lyngen. The fjord is long and flows northwards from the village of Sjøvassbotn along the west side of the Lyngen Peninsula. That is where the Lyngen Alps are located. The Kjosen fjord branches off to the east side and the Grøtsundet strait branches off to the west which flows into the Tromsøysundet. Reinøya and Karlsøya islands lie along the fjord's western side. The southern part of the Ullsfjorden is also called Sørfjorden. The area surrounding the fjord was part of the municipality of Ullsfjord for about 60 years in the 20th century.

Balkandjii

The Balkandjii (Balkandzhi, Balkantsi, Балканджи, Balkancı, Balkandjii). The name is used for two groups that are not related to each other but live or lived in the same region. 

The Balkandjis are an ethnographic group of Nomad's from the Balkans.

The other Balkandjii also known as Gornentsi, are an sedentary ethnographic group from the Balkan Mountains (Stara planina) and known for its sheep and cattle breeding and for their wood-based crafts and Mountain basketry.

Reinøya

Reinøya may refer to:


Reinøya, Troms

Reinøya is an island in Karlsøy Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. It has an area of 147 square kilometers (57 sq mi). It is east of the large island of Ringvassøya. while the small island of Karlsøya lies to the north of Reinøya. Ullsfjorden is along the eastern coast of Reinøya. The southern part of Reinøya was part of Tromsø Municipality until 1 January 2008 when it was transferred to Karlsøy Municipality.

Grøtsundet

Grøtsundet is a waterway in Norway in between Tromsø and Karlsøy. It is long and separates two islands from the mainland. It is around wide. Ships use this waterway to reach the city of Tromsø which is away.

Orangeville, Ontario

Orangeville (Canada 2016 Census 28,900) is a town in south-central Ontario, Canada. It is the seat of Dufferin County.

Kvalsund Tunnel

The Kvalsund Tunnel (Norwegian: ) is a road tunnel that connects two islands in Tromsø Municipality, Norway. It links Kvaløya and Ringvassøya through the Kvalsundet strait, between the towns of Sørhelltaren and Nordhella. The tunnel is long and was built in 1988 to replace a ferry that used to operate between the islands. The tunnel is located below sea level.

Karasjok (village)

Karasjok (Norwegian) or (Northern Sámi: ) is the administrative centre of Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The village is located along both sides of the Karasjohka river, just west of the Norway-Finland border. The European route E06 highway runs through the village on its way from Lakselv to Tana bru and Kirkenes. The village has a population (2017) of 1,844 which gives the village a population density of 842 inhabitants per square kilometre (2,180/sq mi).

The village is an important centre in the municipality and region. The Sámi Parliament of Norway is located in the village. It acts as an institution that protects cultural autonomy for the indigenous Sámi in Norway. The Old Karasjok Church and the newer Karasjok Church are located in the village. The newer church is also the seat of the Indre Finnmark prosti (deanery) of the Church of Norway.
During World War II a Nazi concentration camp was built in Karasjok: Lager IV Karasjok (German for "Karasjok Camp No.4"). The camp was run by SS, and it was among the first four Nazi concentration camps in Northern Norway.

In July 1943, 374 political prisoners and POWs prisoners (mostly Yugoslavs) were brought to the concentration camp. They were tasked with widening the road to Karigasniemi, Finland. After four or five months, only 111 of these prisoners were still alive. At the end of the prisoners' stay in Karasjok, 45 prisoners were murdered by the firing of small arms.

La Voz de Galicia

La Voz de Galicia () is a Spanish daily newspaper. "La Voz" is highest circulation newspaper in Galicia and the eighth-highest circulation general-interest daily newspaper in Spain. Most of it is written in Spanish with Galician used in the cultural and opinion sections.

The newspaper was founded in 1882 by Juan Fernández Latorre. It is is published in A Coruña, Galicia.

The paper has a digital version available in Spanish and Galician. The Galician version is an automatic translation. The original articles are written in Spanish.

OpenAI

OpenAI is an American artificial intelligence (AI) research laboratory. It is made up of the non-profit OpenAI Incorporated and its for-profit subsidiary (company owned by another company) corporation OpenAI Limited Partnership.

El Pais

El Pais is Spain's biggest daily newspaper. In 2015, it had a circulation of about 221.390 copies. In 2020, almost 75.000 printed papers were sold. El Pais was first published shortly after Francisco Franco's death, in 1976. 

La Vanguardia

La Vanguardia is a Spanish daily newspaper from Barcelona. It was founded in 1881. It is the most read newspaper in Catalonia. Since 2011, there's also an edition in Catalan. By circulation, it is the forth most popular newspaper. The three others are national newspapers from Madrid, El País, El Mundo, and ABC.

Karasjok (disambiguation)

Karasjok is a Norwegianized version of the Northern Sami name Kárášjohka. Either one may refer to the following places:


F1 Career Challenge

F1 Career Challenge (also known as F1 Challenge '99-'02 for Windows) is an racing video game developed by Image Space Incorporate and Visual Science and also published by EA Sports. It was based on the four seasons: the 1999 Formula One season, the 2000 Formula One season, the 2001 Formula One season, and the 2002 Formula One season. It is the final installment of the Formula One video game published by EA Games, until "F1 2021", before EA purchased by Codemasters.

Captain Tsubasa (2006 video game)

Captain Tsubasa is a Japanese exclusive 2006 sport video game, developed by Natsume and published by Bandai Namco Games. Based on the anime of the same name, the player can created their own team. And the player can follow the story of Tsubasa Ozora (with the Nankatsu team), where the player can give some commands for the teamates in specifics situation, but player can only control the captain during gameplay. Released in October 19, 2006 for PlayStation 2.

Levon (song)

"Levon" is a 1971 song by Elton John and is taken from his fourth studio album "Madman Across the Water". It went to number 6 in Canada and number 24 in the United States. It did not chart in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand. It has been covered by Jon Bon Jovi on the 1991 tribute album.

Wrong Side of Heaven

"Wrong Side of Heaven" is a 2014 song by American heavy metal band Five Finger Death Punch and is taken from their fourth studio album "The Wrong Side of Heaven and the Righteous Side of Hell, Volume 1". It went to number 12 in the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 charts and number 11 in the Billboard Hot Rock & Alternative Songs.

1979–80 Austrian Cup

The 1979-80 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. SSW Innsbruck were the defending champions. 
First round with teams from the second league.

First round with teams from the first league.

Herbert Rettensteiner – Leopold Lainer (78. Rainer Hörgl), Gerhard Roos, Hannes Winklbauer, Jaroslav Pirnus – Franz Bacher, Gerhard Breitenberger, Alfred Lettner – Gerhard Perlak (78. Hermann Stadler), Hans-Gerd Schildt, Leo Weiss<br> coach: Alfred Günthner

Friedl Koncilia – Robert Sara, Erich Obermayer, Josef Sara, Günther Pospischil – Herbert Prohaska, Karl Daxbacher (37. Erwin Jelinek, 78. Francisco Marcelo), Johann Dihanich, Ernst Baumeister – Walter Schachner, Felix Gasselich<br>coach: Erich Hof

Friedl Koncilia – Robert Sara, Erich Obermayer, Josef Sara, Günther Pospischil – Herbert Prohaska, Karl Daxbacher, Felix Gasselich, Johann Dihanich – Walter Schachner, Thomas Pfeiler (67. Erwin Jelinek)<br>coach: Erich Hof
Herbert Rettensteiner – Leopold Lainer (75. Gerhard Perlak), Hannes Winklbauer, Gerhard Roos, Jaroslav Pirnus – Franz Bacher, Hans-Gerd Schildt, Gerhard Breitenberger, Alfred Lettner – Hermann Stadler (46. Karl Kodat)<br> coach: Alfred Günthner

Mallorca Zeitung

Mallorca Zeitung is a weekly German-language newspaper. It is published in Palma. About 20.000 copies are printed. It is published by Editorial Prensa Ibérica, who also publishes the Spanish-language local newspaper Diario de Mallorca. The new edition usually appears on Thursday.

Phil Lollar

Phil Lollar (born August 6, 1959 in Klamath Falls, Oregon) is an American actor, director, producer and writer best known for co-creating the radio drama Adventures in Odyssey. He also worked on The Mr. Men Show, providing the voices of Mr. Small, Mr. Strong, and Mr. Lazy, and for serving as it’s casting director.

Colossal quartzite statue of Amenhotep III

The colossal statue of Amenhotep III was a fully quartzite head found at the temple of Luxor by archaeologists in 1964. When it was found, only the 1 metre tall head was found, but it is presumed that the statue could have stood up to 8 metres tall.

Lord Vetinari

Lord Havelock Vetinari is a fictional character created by Terry Pratchett for his Discworld books and is the ruler of the city-state of Ankh-Morpork.

In the first book called The Colour of Magic, Rincewind is arrested by a character called the Patrician, ruler of Ankh-Morpork who tells him that he will kill him for counterfeiting unless Rincewind becomes a tour guide for the character Twoflower. The Patrician later hires assassins to murder Twoflower after being asked to do that by the leader of Twoflower’s home country. The Patrician isn’t given a name by the book. 

In the book Mort, it’s mentioned that Ankh-Morpork has a political system called “one man, one vote, the Patrician was the man, so he had the vote” meaning that it was an absolute monarchy with the Patrician in charge. 

In Sourcery, it turns out that The Patrician is named Lord Vetinari and that he is “unfair and unjust but he is unfair and unjust to everyone without fear or favour” and that the only living thing he loves is his dog Wuffles. At the beginning of the book, Lord Vetinari is transformed into an animal and locked up but he is turned back into a human by the end. 

In the book Wyrd Sisters, it turns out that the Patrician kills anyone who might be related to the last king of the city so he can continue to rule it. 

In Guards! Guards!, it turns out Lord Vetinari threatened every thief in the city and said that he would cut off their heads and kill their children unless they started a guild which would kill anyone who stole unless they were in the guild and which would pay Lord Vetinari to let them steal from everyone except for people who paid the Guild not to steal from them and which would have to pay a tax to Lord Vetinari. Lord Vetinari is then betrayed by his sidekick Lupine Wonse who locks Vetinari in his own dungeon with Captain Samuel Vimes. Vetinari tells Vimes he would never create a dungeon that he didn’t know how to escape so Vimes finds a secret passage but Vetinari remembers where in the dungeon he hid the key and escapes. After Wonse is killed, Vetinari tells Vimes that everyone is evil but there are some bad people on different sides but Vimes doesn’t believe him. After Vimes leaves, Lord Vetinari admits he thinks Vimes is a good person. 

In the book, Men at Arms, it turns out that Lord Vetinari’s first name is Havelock

In the book Night Watch, it turns out that Havelock Vetinari is an orphan who was raised by his aunt and that he trained as an assassin paying attention to stealth and poison and killed the evil Patrician Lord Winder. 

Kongsberg Spacetec

Kongsberg Spacetec AS or KSPT or Spacetec A/S is a supplier of space systems and services and is part of Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace’s Space & Surveillance division. The ground services station is in Tromsø, Norway. The company is co-located with Kongsberg Satellite Services (KSAT) and Tromsø Satellite Station (TSS).

The company was created by employees of Tromsø Satellite Station, which had been operating since 1967. They created Drive Electronics in 1982, but it was bankrupt two years later. The company was recreated as Spacetec, which was registered on 11 December 1984. The company was created with a stock of NOK 5 million or NOK 1,000 per share. Spacetec created a joint company called Norspace. The companies that it was created from are Norsk Data, Computas, Informasjonskontroll and Noratom. Its job was to act as a supplier for the European Space Agency. By 1986, the company had eighteen employees. It received a state subsidy of NOK 6.25 million to help pay for its expansion.

Men at Arms

Men at Arms is a Discworld book by Terry Pratchett in which Captain Samuel Vimes tries to train a dwarf, a troll, a female werewolf and a human raised by dwarves to become police.

Owen Tudor

Sir Owen Tudor (Welsh: "Owain ap Maredudd ap Tudur", c. 1400 – 2 February 1461) was a Welsh courtier and the second husband of Queen Catherine of Valois (1401–1437), widow of King Henry V of England. He was the grandfather of Henry VII, founder of the Tudor dynasty.

Night Watch

Night Watch is a Discworld book by Terry Pratchett in which Commander Samuel Vimes accidentally time travels to when he was a rookie police officer and has to teach his younger self to become a hero.

Samuel Vimes

Samuel Vimes is a fictional character created by Terry Pratchett for the Discworld books and is the leader of the police in the city of Ankh-Morpork.

In Guards! Guards!, Samuel Vimes is the captain of the Night Watch and is an alcoholic because he has a disease which makes him less drunk than people are supposed to be. And Captain Vimes has as his men, a corporal named Nobbs who is a kleptomaniac and a sergeant named Colon who is an idiot so Captain Vimes has given up because of all the crime and corruption in Ankh-Morpork. Then a person named Carrot Ironfounderson joins the police and actually believes in the law so Captain Vimes ends up helping to stop a dragon, save the city, rescue The Patrician and falling in love with a woman named Sibyl Ramkin who marries him.

In Men at Arms, Captain Vimes has to train a dwarf, a female werewolf and a troll to become police and he trains Carrot Ironfounderson to take over as captain of the Night Watch when he retires and in the end Lord Havelock Vetinari is impressed enough that he decides to put Vimes in charge of all the police to fight against corruption and has Vimes start to call himself Commander Vimes.

In the book, Feet of Clay, Commander Vimes is hates by the aristocrats because his ancestor killed the last king. In the end, Commander Vimes saves the city from an evil plan involving a golem so Lord Vetinari gives Vimes a knighthood.

In Jingo, Ankh-Morpork almost gets into a war with a country called Klatch and Commander Vimes is fired so he starts his own regiment and later goes to Klatch to find and stop the villains of the book and at one point arrests Lord Vetinari who later makes Commander Vimes a duke.

In The Fifth Elephant, Lord Vetinari makes Commander Vimes ambassador to a place called Überwald where Vimes has to stop an evil racist werewolf baron by killing him.

In Night Watch, Commander Vimes accidentally time travels to the past while chasing a murderer who then kills Vimes’s old friend John Keel before Keel actually died so Vimes pretends to be John Keel and teaches the young Samuel Vimes everything that Keel ever taught him. And after Vimes goes back to the present, his wife gives birth to a son. 

In Thud!, Commander Vimes tried to prevent a war between the dwarf king and the trolls and ends up being mind controlled by a demon called the Summoning Dark but Vimes escapes its control so that he can read a children’s book to his son.

In Snuff (Pratchett novel), Commander Vimes tried to stop a man named Stratford who is a murderer and drug dealer while Vimes’s inner demon The Summoning Dark helps him.

Maredudd ap Tudur

Maredudd ap Tudur (died c. 1406) was a Welsh soldier and nobleman from the Tudor family of Penmynydd. He was one of five sons of Tudur ap Goronwy, and was the father of Owen Tudor. Maredudd supported the Welsh patriot Owain Glyndŵr in 1400.

Clementia of Hungary

Clementia of Hungary (French: "Clémence"; 1293–13 October 1328) was Queen of France and Navarre as the second wife of King Louis X.

Golem

In Jewish folklore, a golem is clay made in the shape of a human and brought to life with a Hebrew sacred scroll.

Udayapur District

Udayapur District (, is one of 14 districts of Koshi Province of eastern Nepal. The district, with Triyuga as its district headquarters, covers an area of and in 2001 had a population of 287,689, in 2011 of 317,532, in 2021 of 342,773

Tromsø Heliport, University Hospital

Tromsø Heliport, University Hospital (Norwegian: ) is a place where helicopters land and take off. It is located at the University Hospital of North Norway in Tromsø. The helicopters at this heliport are only used for emergencies. There is one helicopter stationed here, called an AgustaWestland AW139, which is run by Norwegian Air Ambulance. It has room for three crew members and two stretchers.

The heliport was established in 1988, but there were already air ambulance services in Tromsø in 1985. There was some competition between two different companies providing this service, which made things difficult for the hospital. In 1986, the Norwegian government decided to create a national helicopter ambulance service, and Tromsø was chosen as one of the eight bases.

The heliport is owned and operated by the University Hospital of North Norway. The helipad is on top of the building used by the helicopter, and there is a walkway to the emergency department of the hospital.

The helicopter at Tromsø Heliport is used for many different types of emergencies, including avalanches. It has a camera that can detect heat, which helps with search and rescue missions. In 2019, the helicopter was used 844 times and flew for 675 hours.

Flávio Tolezani

Flávio Tolezani (born May 30, 1978) is a Brazilian actor. He began his career in 2002 after dropping out of college, where he made plays until debuting on television in 2008 in the telenovela "A Favorita" portraying Marcelo Fontini, Donatella's murdered husband and in season 2 of "Acampamento de Férias" in 2011. Hwever, he gained fame in 2015 by portraying Roy in the telenovela "Verdades Secretas", and soon after Tolezani acted in the telenovelas "Êta Mundo Bom" in 2016, "O Outro Lado Do Paraíso" in 2017 and "Verão 90" in 2019. 

Kvænangen

Kvænangen is a municipality in Norway. The administrative centre of Kvænangen is the village of Burfjord. The European route E6 highway goes through the municipality and over the Sørstraumen Bridge, and many people stop at the Kvænangsfjellet pass to view the scenery of the Kvænangen fjord.

Kvænangen has an area of . However, it has a small population of only 1,159 people. The population density is very low, with only 0.6 people living in each square kilometre of land (2/sq mi). Over the last ten years, the population has decreased by 9.7%.

The municipality of Kvænangen was established in 1863 when it was separated from the large Skjervøy Municipality. The area was named after the Kvænangen fjord, which is the main geographic feature for the municipality. Over time, fisheries became a primary industry, and the community exported dried fish to southern areas. Eventually, people native Norwegians moved to other places to help with business and government tasks. 

The population is primarily of Sámi origin, although the Kven people also make up a part of the population. 

The Norwegian Meteorological Institute has been operating a weather station in Nordstraum in Kvænangen since 1965. 

During the Nazi occupation during World War II, a temporary work camp was established at Kvænangen. In large part due to the generosity of the local population, prisoners had ample food. As the German Wehrmacht retreated in early 1945, the population was evacuated by force, and all buildings were burned. Today, a local museum shows typical reconstruction houses. Archeological finds indicate nomadic activity in the area going back 10,000 years. 

The geography of Kvænangen is varied, with coastal and plains geography, extending into Finnmarksvidda. There are mature pine forests in the valley at the head of the fjord, and there are several rivers, the largest of which is Kvænangselva. The Øksfjordjøkelen glacier is located in the northern part of the municipality on the border with Loppa.


Kvænangen (fjord)

Kvænangen is a fjord located in Troms county, Norway. It is about long and runs through Skjervøy Municipality and Kvænangen Municipality. The fjord stretches from the Norwegian Sea to the village of Kvænangsbotn, and branches off into Reisafjorden to the west and Badderfjorden to the east. The European route E06 highway crosses the fjord on the Sørstraumen Bridge, just west of the village of Sekkemo.

There are several islands located in Kvænangen, including Arnøya, Laukøya, Skjervøya, Kågen, Haukøya, Rødøya, Skorpa, Nøklan, and Spildra. The fjord is also home to various marine animals, including cetaceans such as harbour porpoises, dolphins, minke whales, sperm whales, and beluga whales. In recent years, humpback whales have started to return to the fjord to feed.

2014 Wimbledon Championships

The 2014 Wimbledon Championships was a tennis tournament played in Wimbledon, London. It was played on grass courts at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club.

Dom James

Dominic "Dom" James is the tritagonist of the 2021 film "". He was LeBron James' youngest son. He dreams of being a video game and he was once a member of the Goon Squad but later became a Tune Squad.

Dom James was portrayed by Cedric Joe.

Sowing Season

"Sowing Season", also named "Sowing Season (Yeah)", is a song by Brand New. Brand New is an American rock band. The song was released as a single in November 2006. It is on the band's third album, "The Devil and God Are Raging Inside Me".

Two different versions of the song have been released. A demo version of the song was put on the internet in January 2006. This version was not released by the band. In 2015, Brand New released the demo on the album "Leaked Demos 2006". The demo was changed into a new song. It was named "Sowing Season". It was the first song on "The Devil and God Are Raging Inside Me" (2006).

Premiers and chief ministers of the Australian states and territories

In Australia, a Premier is the head of government of a state, while a Chief Minister is the head of government of a territory.

In colonial times, the five British colonies on mainland Australia, along with the Van Diemen's Land colony of Tasmania and the colony of New Zealand, had their own Governor, a title that eventually was changed to "Premier". Back then, the two territories did not exist, so the colonies represented what we today know as the six states and New Zealand (which is not part of Australia and now has a Prime Minister). Today, the Governor serves as the head of state of a state and the King is the head of state of Australia (but is represented by the Governor-General when he is absent).

Until the creation of the Australian Labor Party (a centre-left, social democratic party), there were no political parties in Australia, so the Premiers were all independents.

On a federal level, Australia's head of government is called the Prime Minister, but because Australia formed as a federation of six British colonies, each state and territory has their own level of government, which is the second-highest level in Australia (the lowest being local government, which is made up of different councils).

Like the Prime Minister, Premiers and Chief Ministers are the state/territory leader of the party that forms government. Currently, the Labor Party forms a majority government in four states (Victoria, Queensland, Western Australia and South Australia) and in the Northern Territory, as well as federally. In Tasmania, the Liberal Party (a centre-right, liberal conservative party) currently governs with a majority. In New South Wales, the Labor Party governs in a minority government (with the support of three independents on confidence and supply, meaning they can vote differently to the Government but still allow them to govern), while in the Australian Capital Territory (ACT), the Labor Party forms a coalition government (meaning more than one party is in the Cabinet) with the Greens (a left-wing, progressive green party, meaning they mostly focus on issues like climate change). When a party is unable to win a majority of seats in the Lower House, the party with the most seats must seek support from the crossbench (a crossbencher is someone who is not from either the Government or the Opposition). Then they can form either a coalition government with the crossbenchers or they crossbenchers can give them confidence and supply. For example, it is very common federally and in New South Wales and Victoria for the Liberal Party and the National Party to form a coalition, regardless of if they are in Government or Opposition. This is commonly called the Coalition. In Queensland and the Northern Territory, these two parties merged to become the Liberal National Party (LNP) and the Country Liberal Party (CLP), respectively. In Western Australia, it is also common for the Liberals and the Nationals to form the Coalition, but the agreement is different there in that the parties are still independent of each other. In South Australia and Tasmania, the Coalition has existed before but currently does not exist, as the Nationals have not very much activity there and they have no seats in those states, while in the ACT the Coalition does not exist because the Nationals do not have a branch their, only the Liberals do (this is because the Nationals represent regional, rural and remote interests (this is called agrarianism), but almost all of the ACT is the city of Canberra).

Up on Cripple Creek

"Up on Cripple Creek" is a 1969 song by Canadian-American band The Band and is the fifth song from their second studio album "The Band". It is the A-side to the single "The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down". It went to number 10 in Canada and number 25 in the United States.

Bad Company (1931 movie)

Bad Company is a 1931 American crime drama movie directed by Tay Garnett and was based on the novel by Jack Lait. It stars Helen Twelvetrees, Ricardo Cortez, John Garrick, Paul Hurst, Frank Conroy, Harry Carey, Frank McHugh, Kenneth Thomson, Arthur Stone and Edgar Kennedy. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.

Angel (Lionel Richie song)

"Angel" is a 2000 song by Lionel Richie and is the leading single from his sixth studio album "Renaissance". It went to number 3 in Hungary, number 5 in Poland and Portugal, number 6 in Austria and the Netherlands, number 9 in Germany, number 18 in the United Kingdom, number 27 in Switzerland, number 31 in New Zealand, number 34 in Italy, number 42 in Sweden, number 49 in France and number 70 in the United States.

CD Maxi Single

Australia CD Single

UK CD Single 1

UK CD Single 2

UK Cassette Single

Iešjávri

Iešjávri (or Iesjavri) is a large lake on the border of three municipalities in Finnmark county, Norway. It is on the Finnmarksvidda plateau. It is about northwest of Karasjok, northeast of Masi, and southeast of Alta. The lake is the biggest in the county and covers an area of . It is over long from north to south. It has a maximum depth of and an average depth of . The lake is a Baltic Shield lake and flows out into the river Iešjohka, which is a tributary of the Karasjohka river.

Let's Go Crazy

"Let's Go Crazy" is a 1984 song by Prince and was taken from his 1984 album "Purple Rain". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 2 in Canada, number 7 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Australia, number 11 in Belgium and the Netherlands, number 13 in New Zealand and number 50 in France.





Witch Hunt (1994 movie)

Witch Hunt is a 1994 television fantasy horror comedy movie directed by Paul Schrader and starring Dennis Hopper, Penelope Ann Miller, Sheryl Lee Ralph, Julian Sands, Eric Bogosian, Valerie Mahaffey, John Epperson. It is the sequel to the 1991 movie "Cast a Deadly Spell".


Clayton Lambert

Clayton Benjamin Lambert was born 10 February, 1962 in Berbice, British Guiana. He is a West Indies-American cricketer who played 5 tests and 12 one-day internationals for the West Indies and the United States from 1991 to 2004.

Hans-Gerd Schildt

Hans-Gerd Schildt (born 12 June 1952) is a former German football player. After the end of his career he became football manager. He played in Germany for different clubs among them Werder Bremen and Borussia Dortmund. In Austria he played for SV Austria Salzburg.
Schildt played for Bremerhaven 93 until 1973. Then he moved to Bundesliga club SV Werder Bremen. On the first day of the 1973/74 season he made his debut in the Bundesliga . Schildt scored the 1-0 lead in the 30th minute and his first Bundesliga goal. He played in 20 games and scored 3 goals in his only Bundesliga season with Werder. Schildt then moved to Borussia Dortmund in the new 2nd Bundesliga. With Borussia he played in the northern season in the 2nd division. In his second year (1975/76) he was runner-up behind Tennis Borussia Berlin. Borussia qualified for the relegation games for promotion to the Bundesliga against the runner-up in the southern season of the 2nd Bundesliga, 1. FC Nuremberg. Schildt played in both relegation games over the full length and was promoted with Borussia to the Bundesliga. He then moved to Arminia Bielefeld and played again in the 2nd Bundesliga North. With Arminia he was champion in the 2nd league North. Schildt stayed a year He then moved to Austria Salzburg. With Austria he played in the Austrian Bundesliga until 1985. In 1985 he ended his professional career.
He coached SV Hohenlimburg in Hagen from 1986 to 1989 as a player-coach In 1989, Schildt finally ended his career and moved back to northern Germany. From 1989 to 1991 he was coach of Holstein Kiel. In 1991/92 he led the league club VfB Kiel to the Oberliga promotion round. In 1992 he moved to the Oberliga club TuS Hoisdorf, in November 1992 he was fired. He also worked as a coach at FC Kilia Kiel. In 2012 he became coach of the traditional team in Holstein Kiel. From November 2018 he was a board member of the traditional club KSV Holstein.

Wow (Kylie Minogue song)

"Wow" is a 2008 song by Australian singer Kylie Minogue and is the third single from her 10th studio album "X". It went to number 2 in Scotland, number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Ireland, number 11 in Australia, number 15 in France, number 19 in Hungary and Slovakia, number 29 in Finland, number 36 in the Netherlands and number 41 in Germany.

UK CD single

UK CD maxi single / Australia CD maxi single

UK 12" picture disc

EU CD maxi single

EU CD single

Digital download 1

Digital download 2

Digital download 3

Jewish Renewal

Jewish Renewal is a Jewish religious movement that started in the 1970s and 1980s and works toward the fusing of modern Judaism with incluences from Kabbalah, Hasidism, and various musical and meditation practices. The founder of Jewish Renewal was Rabbi Zalman Schachter-Shalomi who was originally from the Chabad Hasidic community. The Jewish Renewal movement has trained rabbis who would go on to serve in Reform and other non-Orthodox synagogues, bringing Hasidic and mystical Jewish practice to these other settings. Because of this, Jewish Renewal is sometimes described as "transdenominational", meaning that its followers and influence are not restricted to a single type of community.

Another major leader of Jewish Renewal is Rabbi Arthur Waskow who emphasised creativity in Jewish practice and the need to combine religion and advocacy on social issues.

The original Jewish Renewal group was called "B’nai Or Religious Fellowship", later renamed from "B’nai Or" ("Children of Light") to "P'nai Or" ("Faces of Light"). It was later renamed to ALEPH. The ALEPH organization ordained rabbis, cantors, and other rabbinic pastors. Over 200 rabbis were ordained through Jewish Renewal.

Most Jewish Renewal congregations and other religious activities are in the United States, however, some Jewish Renewal rabbis and centers are located elsewhere around the world.

The relative size of Jewish Renewal is somewhat small, but it is not known exactly. The total number of Jews affiliated with Jewish Renewal is not known. However, Jewish Renewal, along with Reconstructionist Judaism and Humanistic Judaism (and other such minor Jewish religious groups), represent around 4% of the roughly 7.5 million Jews in the United States (or 300,000 Jews).

Dancing on the Ceiling (Lionel Richie song)

"Dancing on the Ceiling" is a 1986 song by Lionel Richie and is the title track to the third studio album "Dancing on the Ceiling". It went to number 1 in Norway and South Africa, number 2 in Australia and the United States, number 3 in Canada, Finland and Sweden, number 4 in Belgium, number 6 in Switzerland, number 7 in New Zealand and the United Kingdom, number 8 in the Netherlands, number 11 in Austria, number 13 in Germany and number 42 in France.



Kiss the Bride (song)

"Kiss the Bride" is a 1983 song by Elton John and is the third single from his 17th studio album "Too Low for Zero". It was a top 40 smash hit in many countries except in Germany where it peaked at number 58. In 2021, it was used in the Elton John and Dua Lipa single "Cold Heart".

Sarod

Sarod is a string instrument from the Indian subcontinent. The sarod does not have frets, so it can bend pitches and do glissandi (slides). The sarod is played using a plectrum.

Tablet (pharmacy)

A tablet (also known as a pill) is a drug in solid form taken by mouth .They have active substances and excipients, usually in powder form, that are pressed into a solid. Excipients are not drugs. They are added to make the tablet easier to make or to swallow. The main advantages of tablets are to make sure the person gets the right amount of medicine that is easy to consume.

Tablets are prepared either by moulding or by compression. They used to all be disk shaped, but now they are made in many shapes and colours to help people tell the difference between different medicines. Tablets are often marked with symbols, letters, and numbers. Some have a groove to allow splitting by hand. Sizes of tablets to be swallowed range from a few millimetres to about a centimetre.

The first pills known were found on papyruses in ancient Egypt around 1500 BC. They were made of bread dough, honey or grease mixed with plant powders or spices. Before that medicine was mostly in liquid form. Tablets can be hard to swallow, so they were sometimes coated with sugar or gelatin. Some tablets are really capsules. They can be made in many different shapes. 

Rick Zieff

Richard Evan Zieff (born November 1, 1961 in Weston, Massachusetts) is an American actor and voice-over coach best known for being the voice of Spike in The Tom and Jerry Show and for being the voice of Mr. Nosy and Mr. Nervous on The Mr. Men Show (while being credited as "Danny Katiana").

Overproduction

In economics, overproduction is when there is too much supply over the demand. This makes the product priced lower and leaves unsold goods.

Green March

The Green March ("in" "Spanish: La Marcha Verde; in French: La Marche Verte; in Arabic: المسيرة الخضراء; romanized:" Almasirat Alkhadra) was a civil and military operation carried out by the government of the Moroccan king Hassan II. More than 350.000 unarmed civilians and 25.000 soldiers of the Moroccan army invaded the Spanish Sahara in the year 1975. This demonstration was made as a way to force Spain to give the region to Morocco, and to establish total control from Rabat over the disputed territory. At this moment, Spain was passing through a period of instability. The "Caudillo" and dictator, Francisco Franco, was dying and the control of the country was under the hands of who will become the king of the country, Juan Carlos I. Because of the instability the country was passing through, it was impossible for Madrid to respond to this agression committed by the Moroccan government, forcing the Spanish State to give control of the region to Morocco in the 31st of October of the year 1975. As a consequence of this situation, the territory passed to be controlled by Morocco and Mauritania, but legally speaking (according to international law), the region is still a colony of Spain that needs to pass through a process of decolonization.

Before this invasion, the Western Sahara was in a process of decolonization from Spain. In which the indigenous population, the sahrawis, were claiming their independence. But, the Green March happening, this provoked a rejection from the natives towards what they consider "occupiers". The majority of Sahrawis united into the Frente Polisario to resist Moroccan occupation, starting a conflict that found a ceasefire agreement brokered by the United Nations in 1991.

According to the international community, the Green March was an illegal act made by Morocco and the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic is right now recognised by more than 82 countries as the sovereign state of the region. The United Nations doesn't recognize any Moroccan claim for Western Sahara since 1975 and is trying to solve by any diplomatic means this conflict.

During the Berlin Conference of 1884, Spain was looking for some benefit in sharing the African continent. As a result of these negotiations, the territories of Equatorial Guinea and Western Sahara were handed over to Spain. At the beginning ot the spanish colonization of Western Sahara, Spain signed different treaties with the native tribes of the Sahara Desert in order to establish its rule over this territory. Once these treaties were signed, Spain started to build military bases and administrative outposts in the region, progressively expelling the sahrawis from their ancient territories and subjugating them to the Hispanic domain to work in the exploitation of resources in the area. Spain's colonization of Western Sahara was marked by violence and oppression, as it sought to subjugate the local population and exploit the region's resources by using strategies such as foced labor and military repression.

According to Virginia Bouvier and Mieczyslaw Boduszynski (2008), Spain's colonization of Western Sahara was driven by a desire to secure its interests in North Africa. They argue that Spain saw this region as a strategic position because of its closeness to important trade routes and its access to the Atlantic Ocean. According to Lisa Shelley, Spain legitimized its rule over the region by promoting the idea that it was bringing "civilization" to the Sahrawi people, through the ""evangelizing"" task of a Catholic nation.

The Spanish colonization of Western Sahara in the late 19th century, Spain jus founded small outposts closer to the coast and they did not witnessed any resistance. But, in the early 20th century, Spain tried to increase its domain , provoking a response from Sahrawi people against Spanish rule. These kind of resistance varied during this period of time, between armed rebellions and civil disobedience against Spanish authorities that ended up in nothing significant for Sahrawis. 
With the pass of years, Sahrawi resistance grew in numbers and became more organized. in 1973, inspired by the independence of Equatorial Guinea in 1968 as part of the decolonization project of the United Nations.

, the ""Frente Popular de Liberación de Saguía el Hamra y Río de Oro"", or Polisario (in Arabic: الجبهة الشعبية لتحرير الساقية الحمراء ووادي الذهب, "al-Jabhah al-Shaʿbiyah Li-Taḥrīr as-Sāqiyah al-Ḥamrāʾ wa Wādī al-Dhahab)" is founded with the goal obtain independence for Sahrawis from Spain. The Frente Polisario launched a guerrilla war against Spanish forces. The Polisario Front had support from different International actors such as the Soviet Union, Algeria, Cuba, Libya, Tanzania, Ghana, and Zambia; who asked for the right for self-determination of the Western Saharan people.

In the year 1975, the Polisario Front achieved a "de Facto" withdrawal of most Spanish troops and administrative personal from Western Sahara. In 1974, Spain announced a decolonisation plan for the region which included the convening of a referendum to determine the future status of the territory.

King Hassan wanted the march to represent how many people there were born in Morocco yearly. Therefore the march consisted of 350,000 unarmed Moroccans. The volunteers were partly local and provincial officials, but mostly the volunteers came from the general public. It was important for the king that the volunteers were loyal, and therefore most of the volunteers came from rural areas, as most support came from these areas. To make sure the volunteers were motivated to participate in the march, the King claimed them as 'holy warriors' to fight against the European influence on "Moroccan soil". The march started on the 6th of November and lasted for four days. In order to prevent violence as the marchers approached the borders, the Spanish Armed forces were instructed not to open fire.

The Madrid Records

As a response to the March, Spain signed an agreement to give up their claim on the territory in November 1975. If this agreement was because Spain wanted to avoid military confrontation or because of the pressured of the United States is still unknow. The declaration involved also Mauritania, as they had related demands to the get Spain out of the territory. The agreement entailed that Spain would leave the territory to decolonize Western Sahara by giving up their responsibility and power over the area. However, this agreement included that Spain would proceed to have temporary administration in the territory but with a collaboration with Morocco and Mauritania. 

How much of positive consequences this had for the Saharans in questionable. The Saharans opened the <nowiki>"liberators"</nowiki> from Morocco with open arms according to Morocco. However, there were reports from the Spanish press stating that Morocco tried to isolate them from their new administrators, giving them curfews from dusk to dawn and was surrounded by Moroccan army in heavily armed convoys. Nevertheless, the material living conditions for the Saharans was devastating. Living under extreme conditions of deprivation with several diseases called out for a bigger political solution for the Saharan people.

The International Respond

The battle for self-determination and maintaining their own identity for the indigenous people of Western Sahara still occurred after the Green March, and for the decolonization of the Western Sahara, this has urgent consequences. The Sahrawi population has been living under Moroccan occupation, where the government have tried to resettle Moroccan people towards the Western Sahara in order to limit the Sahrawi influence. Moreover, their human rights have been abused. Article 1 of UN specifies that people have the right to self-determination to freely control their own political status and economic and cultural development. This is particularly significant to develop friendly relations among nations. UN had therefore a responsibility to take action towards this situation. At the end of 1980s, the UN saw a possibility to seek a peaceful resolution in the Western Sahara, and made a Settlement Plan between the two parties of Morocco and Frente Polisario. The plan entailed that the Sahrawi people could choose between independence or integration into Morocco, and therefore a pathway to self-determination. This would happen through a free and fail referendum. However, in the step of doing the referendum, Morocco wanted that their own citizens to be able to vote as well. That did not go though and as a consequence, Morocco made their citizens lodge against the UN voter list which damaged the referendum and weakened the hope for self-determination for the Sahrawi population. In 2003 the UN proposed a new peace plan for self-determination which the Polisario accepted, while Morocco in 2004 rejected the plan and would not accept independence of Western Sahara.

Several solutions were proposed to solve the hope for self-determination including the Settlement Plan and division of the territory which was rejected by both parties, there was a question of whether the UN should announce that they would not be able to resolve the situation or coming up with a new plan. James A. Baker, which served as the UNs secretary-general's personal's envoy for Western Sahara from 1997 to 2004, was asked by the UN to come up with a new plan, but this did not work out either. Baker decided to resign as he was no longer able to find a mutually accepted solution from both sides. Morocco was content with this solution as they felt this was positive for the diplomacy for Morocco, while the Polisario felt that they lost someone that was willing to fight for their cause. Today, the fight for self-determination for Western-Sahara still remains.

List of programmes broadcast by MBC Action

This is a list of programmes broadcast by on MBC Action.

Dubbing and subtitling of all series is in Arabic.

For schedule information, see MBC action Website.








































Lakselvbukt

Lakselvbukt is a small village located in the Tromsø Municipality of Troms county in Norway. It is situated on the inner part of the Ullsfjorden and is around northeast of the village of Laksvatn in the neighboring Balsfjord Municipality. The village is also located near the western edge of the Lyngen Alps, which is around away from the city of Tromsø. The Lakselvbukt Church is located on the outskirts of the village.

Lakselvbukt Church

Lakselvbukt Church (Norwegian: ) is a parish church of the Church of Norway. It is in Tromsø Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. It is located in the village of Lakselvbukt on the southeastern shore of the inner Ullsfjorden. It is one of the churches for the Ullsfjord parish which is part of the Tromsø domprosti (arch-deanery) in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The blue and red, wooden church was built in a long church style in 1983 using plans drawn up by the architect Harry Gangvik. The church seats about 250 people.

Dental fillings

Dental fillings, or Dental restoration, is the work of dentists repairing teeth. For a filling the dentist has to remove decay with a drill, a laser or air abrasion. Air abrasion is a bit like sand blasting. Then the hole must be filled, usually with amalgam. There are different kinds of fillings.

For some problems inlays and onlays, crowns, bridges, and veneers may be used.

If the tooth has been removed it may be replaced by a "d"ental implant which is fixed into the jaw, or by a denture (false teeth), which may be fixed to the remaining teeth or may be removeable.

Hugh Magnus

Hugh Magnus (French: "Hugues le Grand") (1007 – 17 September 1025) was co-King of France under his father, Robert II, from 1017 until his death in 1025.

Hedwig of France, Countess of Nevers

Hedwig (or Advisa) of France (c. 1003–1063) was a French princess, the daughter of Robert II of France and Constance of Arles. She married Renauld I, Count of Nevers, on 25 January 1016, and they had the following children:


Prince Philippe, Count of Paris

Prince Philippe of Orléans, Count of Paris (Louis Philippe Albert; 24 August 1838 – 8 September 1894), was disputedly King of the French from 24 to 26 February 1848 as Louis Philippe II, although he was never officially proclaimed as such.

Palliative care

Palliative care is care for people approaching the end of life. It is designed to improve the quality of their life. It is not only for people near the end of life, but for people with problems that are not thought to be curable. According to the World Health Organization it should include the treatment of pain and other problems, physical, psychosocial, and spiritual. Treatment that is designed to cure people may be unpleasant and often neglects problems which are not medical. 

Medical treatment is to deal with the symptoms of an illness. There may be counselling or therapy, which may include a chaplain, or pets, to deal with a person's worries. There is a lot more attention to dealing with pain than in curative treatment. 

This care may happen in the person's own home, a hospital or a hospice. In the United States, hospice treatment is a benefit provided by the federal government since 1982. In other countries a hospice is a specialized service often from a charity. Even in the richest countries only a minority of people get any palliative care. 

Traumatology

Traumatology (from Greek "trauma", meaning injury or wound) is the study of wounds and injuries caused by accidents or violence to a person, and the surgical therapy and repair of the damage. It is often linked to orthopedic surgery. Psychological traumatology deals with the mental problems caused by accidents or violence. These problems may happen to a person who is close to someone who has been damaged, even if they have not themselves been injured. Post-traumatic stress disorder is not an uncommon reaction. 

Head and neck injuries require the most care after surgery and are most likely to cause death and disabilities.

Whopper Whopper

Whopper Whopper is a song that was made by Burger King in 2022, debuting as a commercial that year advertising the Whopper, it became a single in 2023, it then became a popular sensation that same year due to it being a very catchy song. often driving fans mad of specifically NFL mad due to the big amount of time it was played 

The song became a popular sensation in 2023, it's catchy tune has been both loved and hated. It was played many times during the NFL Playoffs of 2023. The song has become an internet meme.

Rhizoprionodon

Rhizoprionodon is a genus of requiem sharks that have a long, pointed snout. An example is the Atlantic sharpnose shark, "Rhizoprionodon terraenovae." They are also known as sharpnose sharks.

Otorhinolaryngology

Otorhinolaryngology also known as otolaryngology, otolaryngology – head and neck surgery, or ear, nose, and throat (ENT) is a speciality within medicine that deals with the surgical and medical management of the head and neck. Doctors who specialize in this area are called otorhinolaryngologists, otolaryngologists, head and neck surgeons, or ENT surgeons. People go to them for diseases of the ear, nose, throat, base of the skull, head, and neck. These affect eating, drinking, speaking, breathing, swallowing, and hearing.

It takes 12–14 years to train. In the United States in 2023, the average annual income was $118,230.

Air ambulances

Air ambulances use fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters to provide various kinds of medical care, especially emergency care for people mostly in rescue operations.

This started in World War I. In Australia the Flying Doctor Service started in 1928. That was not only for emergencies, but also to take doctors to see people who lived in remote places. More recently helicopters have been used in cities for major trauma cases where time matters most, and people need very specialised care, but they are more common in rural areas where there are few people and they are a long way away from hospitals.

Some of these services are run by governments. They are quite expensive. Some are run for profit and in some places they are run as charities. Some businesses pay for them as as a goodwill or public relations gesture. 

Large, generally fixed-wing, air ambulances are used by military forces to support overseas combat operations. 

Both pilots and medical staff need to be very highly trained. The aircraft are generally equipped for advanced life support. They are very noisy and there is not much space so some medical tests cannot be done. There have been quite a few crashes.

Chris Minns

Christopher John Minns (born 17 September 1979) is an Australian politician. He has been the Premier of New South Wales since 2023. He has been the leader of the Labor Party since 2021 and has been the member for Kogarah since 2015.

[[Category:1979
Liberal Party of Australia (New South Wales Division)

The Liberal Party of Australia (New South Wales Division), commonly called the NSW Liberals, is the New South Wales branch of the Liberal Party, a centre-right, liberal conservative political party in Australia. It is currently in Opposition. It forms the Coalition with the National Party. Its current leader is Mark Speakman and its deputy leader is Natalie Ward.

Liberal Party of Australia (Victorian Division)

The Liberal Party of Australia (Victorian Division), commonly called the Victorian Liberals, is the Victorian branch of the Liberal Party, a centre-right, liberal conservative political party in Australia. It is currently in Opposition. It forms the Coalition with the National Party. Its current leader is John Pesutto and its deputy leader is David Southwick.

Liberal Party of Australia (Queensland Division)

The Liberal Party of Australia (Queensland Division), commonly called the Queensland Liberals, was the Queensland branch of the Liberal Party, a centre-right, liberal conservative political party in Australia. It merged with the National Party in 2008 to become the Liberal National Party (LNP).

Liberal Party of Australia (Western Australian Division)

The Liberal Party of Australia (Western Australian Division), commonly called the WA Liberals, is the Western Australian branch of the Liberal Party, a centre-right, liberal conservative political party in Australia. It is currently in Opposition. It forms the Coalition with the National Party. Its current leader is Libby Mettam and the deputy leader is Steve Thomas.

Liberal Party of Australia (South Australian Division)

The Liberal Party of Australia (South Australian Division), commonly called the SA Liberals, is the South Australian branch of the Liberal Party, a centre-right, liberal conservative political party in Australia. It is currently in Opposition. Its current leader is David Speirs and its deputy leader is John Gardner.

Liberal Party of Australia (Tasmanian Division)

The Liberal Party of Australia (Tasmanian Division), commonly called the Tasmanian Liberals, is the Tasmanian branch of the Liberal Party, a centre-right, liberal conservative political party in Australia. It currently forms the state's Government. Its current leader is Jeremy Rockliff (who is the current state Premier) and the deputy leader is Michael Ferguson.

Liberal Party of Australia (Australian Capital Territory Division)

The Liberal Party of Australia (Australian Capital Territory Division), officially and commonly called the Canberra Liberals, is the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) branch of the Liberal Party, a centre-right, liberal conservative political party in Australia. It is currently in Opposition. Its current leader is Elizabeth Lee.

Country Liberal Party

The Country Liberal Party (CLP), commonly called the Country Liberals, is a centre-right, liberal conservative political party in the Northern Territory. It is a merger of the Liberal Party and the National Party. Its current leader is Lia Finocchiaro and its deputy leader is Gerard Maley.

If She Knew What She Wants

"If She Knew What She Wants" is a 1986 song by The Bangles. It was taken from their second studio album "Different Light". It went to number 17 in Germany, number 20 in Belgium and Switzerland, number 23 in Ireland, number 29 in Canada and the United States, number 30 in Austria, number 31 in Australia and the United Kingdom and number 39 in New Zealand. 

Nordreisa

Nordreisa (Northern Sami: ; Kven: ) is a municipality in Troms county, Norway. It was created on January 1, 1886, when Skjervøy Municipality was split in two. The southern part of Skjervøy was broken to form the new municipality. It has an area of . Its administrative center is the village of Storslett, where the river Reisaelva meets the Reisafjorden. Other villages in the municipality include Oksfjordhamn, Sørkjosen, and Rotsund.

The municipality is named after the Reisafjorden, named after the river Reisaelva. The prefix Nord- was added to the name to distinguish the municipality from the nearby Sørreisa Municipality to the south. The coat of arms of Nordreisa has two salmon, which were chosen to represent the local Reisaelva river.

Most people living in Nordreisa have ancestors who were settlers from Finland who came over in the 18th century, escaping famine and war. Some people living there have Sámi or Norwegian ancestors. Today the Norwegian language is most commonly used. Few old buildings survive in Nordreisa; virtually everything was destroyed in early 1945 by retreating German troops. However, in the old trading post at Havnnes, there are old homes that escaped the damages of the war. There is also the waterfall of Mollisfossen, which is high.

All municipalities in Norway, including Nordreisa, are run by a municipal council. The members of that council, will again choose a mayor in 2027. The municipality is in charge of things like schools, healthcare for people who don't stay in the hospital, support for senior citizens or older adults, helping people without jobs, planning land use, improving the economy, and keeping the roads in good shape. Nordreisa's legal cases are handled by the Nord-Troms District Court and the Hålogaland Court of Appeal.

Nordreisa Municipality is located by a fjord and a valley. It also includes part of an island and a mountain. Other municipalities and countries surround it. 

The weather is mostly cold, and the rainy season is in the autumn. It can get very hot in the summer sometimes. The highest temperature recorded was in August 2018. A weather station has been there since 1974 to record the weather.


Bentley Bentayga

It is a luxury SUV made by Bentley. It is four wheel drive.it started production in 2016. It has two generations

Let's Spend the Night Together

"Let's Spend the Night Together" is a 1967 song by English rock band The Rolling Stones and was released with its A-side "Ruby Tuesday". It went to number 1 in Germany, number 2 in Norway, number 3 in Austria and the United Kingdom, number 6 in Sweden, number 7 in Belgium, number 14 in Finland and Ireland and number 55 in the United States.

In 1973, David Bowie covered "Let's Spend the Night Together" for his sixth studio album "Aladdin Sane". It went to number 19 in the Netherlands. It also released as a single in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Europe, New Zealand, Japan, Australia, the United States, Canada and Japan.

BBC News Arabic for Sudan

BBC News Arabic for Sudan also called BBC Arabic Emergency Radio Service for Sudan has been begun British Broadcasting Corporation to serve the people of Sudan in the Arabic language. It will be twice a day for a short time starting in the afternoon on 2 May 2023 while the fighting in Sudan continues. It hopes to help the public in Sudan while the fighting continues. The radio will be on 21,510 kHz at 09:00 (07:00 UTC) and on 15,310kHz at 17:00 (15:00 UTC).

Sorry Not Sorry

"Sorry Not Sorry" is a 2017 song by Demi Lovato and is the lead single from her sixth studio album "Tell Me You Love Me". It went to number 1 in Malaysia, number 3 in Israel, number 6 in New Zealand and the United States, number 8 in Australia and number 9 in Hungary and the United Kingdom.




The Lost Dream

The Lost Dream () is a romantic drama television series which premiered 4 November 2008, on MBC 4.


Omer moves to Istanbul to get a job and live a normal life after he experiences the death of his whole family, except his sister, who is lost. Omer falls in love with Pinar, though her father, Nagaty, is angry about their relationship and Pinar does not know why. Later she discovers that Nagaty took some extra money to build poorly constructed buildings, which collapsed in an earthquake, killing many people including Omer's family. Pinar looks for the right way to tell Omer of everything but she cannot do it. Later Omer discovers that Asmaa, Pinar's best friend, is his sister. Asmaa knows everything now and Pinar has to tell both of them. Beginning with episode 86 everybody knows everything and a feud starts between the two families. Omer forgives Pinar and tells her that whatever happens she will always have a special place in his heart.

Khoekhoe language

The Khoekhoe /ˈkɔɪkɔɪ/ language ("Khoekhoegowab"), or Nama ("Namagowab") /ˈnɑːmə/, Damara ("ǂNūkhoegowab"), Nama/Damara, and Hottentot, is the most common of the non-Bantu languages of Southern Africa that make much use of click consonants. Because of that, Khoekhoe used to be Khoisan, but this group is not used now. It is part of the Khoe language family, and is used in Namibia, Botswana, and South Africa, usually by three ethnic groups: Namakhoen, ǂNūkhoen, and Haiǁomkhoen.

The Haiǁom, who before used a Juu language, moved to Khoekhoe. The name "Khoekhoen", is from the word "khoe" "person", copied twice and the suffix "-n" to be the general plural. Georg Friedrich Wreede was the first European to look at the language, after going to ǁHui!gaeb (later Cape Town) in 1659.

Khoekhoe is a national language in Namibia. In Namibia and South Africa, state-owned broadcasting corporations make and give out radio programs in Khoekhoegowab.

It is thought that only about 167,000 users of Khoekhoegowab live in Africa, making it an endangered language. In 2019, the University of Cape Town did an amount of short courses (classes) teaching the language, and on 21 September 2020 started its new Khoi and San Centre. An undergraduate degree series of classes is being developed.

Present-day scholars generally see three dialects:


They are different enough that it possibly may be thought of as two or three different languages.


Khoekhoe uses 5 vowel qualities, seen as oral (sounds produced with the help of the mouth) /i e a o u/ and nasal /ĩ ã ũ/. /u/ is strongly rounded, /o/ only softly. /a/ is the only vowel with a good amount of allophony; it is pronounced [ə] before /i/ or /u/.

Nama is seen as having three or four tones, /á, ā, à/ or /a̋, á, à, ȁ/, that may take place on different mora (vowels and final nasal consonants). The high sound is higher when it takes place on one of the high vowels (/í ú/) or on a nasal (/ń ḿ/) than on mid or low vowels (/é á ó/).

The sounds combine, (move together) starting a small number of 'tone melodies' (word sounds), which have sandhi forms in certain syntactic places. The most important melodies, in the way that it is said and main sandhi forms, are as follows:
Under a phrase (part of a sentence), lexical words receive greater stress than grammatical words. Using a word, the first syllable receives the most stress. Syllables afterwards get less and less stress and are spoken more and more quickly.

Nama has 31 consonants: 20 clicks and only 11 non-clicks.

Orthography in brackets.

Between vowels, /p/ is said [β] and /t/ is said [ɾ]. The affricates strongly aspirate, and may be thought of phonemically as aspirated stops; in Korana they use [tʰ, kʰ].

Beach (1938) said that the Khoekhoe of the time had a velar lateral ejective affricate, [kʟ̝̊ʼ], commonly seen in languages with clicks. This sound no longer occurs in Khoekhoe but remains in its cousin Korana.

The clicks are twice articulated consonants. Each click consists of one of four primary articulations or "influxes" and one of five secondary articulation or "effluxes". The mix results in 20 phonemes.

The aspiration on the aspirated clicks is usually light but is 'raspier' than the aspirated nasal clicks, with a sound like the "ch" of Scottish "loch". The glottalised clicks are clearly voiceless because of the hold before the release, and they are used as simple voiceless clicks in the traditional orthography. The nasal part is not able to be heard in initial position; the voiceless nasal component of the aspirated clicks is also hard to hear when not between vowels, so to foreign ears, it may sound like a longer but less raspy version of the contour clicks.

Tindall says that European learners usually pronounce the lateral clicks by placing the tongue against the side teeth and that this way is "harsh and foreign to the native ear". The Namaqua cover the whole of the palate with the tongue and produce the sound "as far back in the palate as possible".

Lexical root words consist of two or rarely three moras, in the form CVCV(C), CVV(C), or CVN(C). (The initial consonant is required.) The middle consonant may only be "w r m n" ("w" is "b~p" and "r" is "d~t"), while the final consonant (C) may only be "p, s, ts". Each mora has tone, but the second may only be high or medium, for six tone "melodies": HH, MH, LH, HM, MM, LM.

Oral vowel lines in CVV are /ii ee aa oo uu ai [əi] ae ao au [əu] oa oe ui/. Due to the reduced number of nasal vowels, nasal lines are /ĩĩ ãã ũũ ãĩ [ə̃ĩ] ãũ [ə̃ũ] õã ũĩ/. Lines ending in a high vowel (/ii uu ai au ui ĩĩ ũũ ãĩ ãũ ũĩ/) are said quicker than others (/ee aa oo ae ao oa oe ãã õã/), more like diphthongs and long vowels than like vowel sequences in hiatus. The tones are contours. CVCV words usually have the same vowel sequences, but there are many exceptions. The two tones are also more different.

Vowel-nasal sequences are stuck to non-front vowels: /am an om on um un/. Their tones are also contours.

Grammatical particles have the form CV or CN, with any vowel or tone, where C may be any consonant but a click, and the next letter cannot be NN. Suffixes and a third mora of a root, may have the form CV, CN, V, N, with any vowel or tone; there are also three C-only suffixes, "-p" 1m.sg, "-ts" 2m.sg, "-s" 2/3f.sg.

There have been a few orthographies used for Nama. "A Khoekhoegowab dictionary" (Haacke 2000) uses the modern standard.

In standard orthography, the consonants "b d g" are used for words with one of the lower tone melodies and "p t k" for one of the higher tone melodies. "W" is only used in the middle of vowels, but it may be replaced with "b" or "p" depending on melody. Overt tone marking is otherwise generally omitted.

Nasal vowels are written with a circumflex. All nasal vowels are long, as in "hû" /hũ̀ṹ/ 'seven'. Long (double) vowels are written with a macron, as in "ā" /ʔàa̋/ 'to cry, weep'; these make two moras (two tone-bearing units).

A glottal stop is not written at the beginning of a word (where it is predictable), but it is written with a hyphen in compound words, such as "gao-aob" /kȁòʔòȁp/ 'chief'.

The clicks are written using the IPA symbols:


Sometimes other characters are used, like the hash (#) in place of ǂ.

Nama has a subject–object–verb word order, three noun classes ("masculine/gu-class, feminine/di-class" and "neuter/n-class") and three grammatical numbers ("singular, dual" and "plural"). Pronominal enclitics are used to mark person, gender, and number on the noun phrases.
The PGN (person-gender-number) markers are enclitic pronouns that get on to noun phrases. The PGN markers make a difference between first, second, and third person, masculine, feminine, and neuter gender, and singular, dual, and plural number. The PGN markers can be cut into nominative, object, and oblique paradigms.

Khoekhoe has four articles: "ti", "si", "sa", "ǁî". These articles can be combined with PGN markers.

Examples from Haacke (2013):


There are three clause markers, ge (declarative), kha (interrogative), and ko/km (assertive). These markers appear in matrix clauses, and appear after the subject.

After this is a sample text in the Khoekhoe language.



Rock 'n' Roll Suicide

"Rock 'n' Roll Suicide" is a 1972 song by David Bowie. It was the closing track from his fifth studio album "The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars". It was released as a single in 1974. It went to number 12 in Ireland, number 22 in the United Kingdom, number 30 in France and number 39 in Belgium.

All tracks written by David Bowie.

Shams al-Ma'arif

Shams Al Ma'rif ( The Sun of Knowledge) is a mysterious Arabic 'black magic' book provoking evil spirits, and making people go insane. It is greatly feared in Saudi Arabia and Muslim countries.Its brings sins and is not meant to be read, unless you literally want to die.

1994 Nepalese general election

General elections were held in Nepal on 15 November 1994 to elect the Nepal House of Representatives (Pratinidhi Sabha).


Haugesund FK

Haugesund FK or FKH is a Norwegian soccer club based in Haugesund.

Turksploitation

Turksploitation is a mockbuster exploitation remake film subgenre after cashing on American films during in time were mostly low-budget unauthorized adaptations with ripoffs of popular movies uses music from various sources and insane plotlines, unintentional references, badly acting and shoddy special effects.


Zhangixalus prasinatus

The tribitary flying frog, green tree frog, emerald green tree frog, or emerald tree frog ("Zhangixalus prasinatus") is a frog. It lives in northern Taiwan. People have seen it between 400 and 600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 48 to 63 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 65 to 77 mm long. This frog is green in color with a yellow stripe on each side and a white belly. It has disks for climbing on all of its toes. Its front and back feet have webbed skin. Sometimes it has spots.

This frog is threatened because human beings change the places where it lives to build farms, towns, and places for other animals to eat grass.

Recluse

A recluse is someone who avoids others and lives alone. This is different from a hermit, who is someone who lives by themselves away from everyone else.


Exmilitary

Exmilitary (also known as Ex Military) is the first mixtape by Death Grips. Death Grips is a hip hop music group. The mixtape was released on April 25, 2011. It was put on the band's website. People did not have to pay money to listen to it. The mixtape was later released on vinyl, compact disc and cassette tape.

The mixtape had one single. It is named "Guillotine". It was released on iTunes in August 2011. Many of the songs on the mixtape had music videos.

1970–71 Austrian Cup

The 1970-71 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. FC Wacker Innsbruck were the defending champions. In the event of a draw, overtime + replay, in the event of a draw in the replay, overtime + drawing of lots. 

First round with teams from the first and second league.

Replay match: 

Replay matches:

Sepp Schneider – Robert Sara, Eduard Krieger, Alfons Dirnberger (109. Willi Huberts), Franz Zeger, Helmut Weigl, Karl Weber (75. Kurt Foka), Josef Hickersberger, Johann Geyer, Ernst Fiala, Alfred Riedl<br> coach: Heinrich Müller

Bent Martin – Erich Fak, Egon Pajenk, Theodor Hoffmann, Walter Gebhardt, Werner Walzer (80. Ewald Ullmann), Alois Jagodic, Rudolf Flögel, Johann Buzek, Jörn Bjerregaard, Geza Gallos <br>coach: Gerd Springer

Dodge Super Bee

The Dodge Super Bee is a performance car built by Dodge from 1968 to 1980. It was built again from 2012 to 2013 on the Charger Platform.

It was built on the Coronet platform, it was similar to the Plymouth Roadrunner 

It was now built on the Charger as a trim, sales had fallen since 1970 due to declining intrests with only 5,054 built

PM

PM or pm may refer to:



Cheryl Chase (actress)

Cheryl Chase (born Cheryl Christine Hudock, December 25, 1958) is an American actress, she is best known for voicing Angelica Pickles on the animated series Rugrats and it’s subsequent spinoffs and for voicing Little Miss Bossy and Little Miss Curious on The Mr. Men Show, while being credited as "Sophie Roberts".

South East Coast Ambulance Service

The South East Coast Ambulance Service NHS Foundation Trust is the NHS trust for running ambulance services in south-eastern England. It covers Kent (including Medway), Surrey, West Sussex and East Sussex (including Brighton and Hove). It also covers a part of north-eastern Hampshire around Aldershot, Farnborough, Fleet and Yateley.

It started in July 2006, with the merger of the ambulance services for Kent, Surrey and Sussex.

It was put into special measures in September 2016 after the Care Quality Commission rated it inadequate because of bullying, delays and putting people at risk.

Healthcare in Afghanistan

Healthcare in Afghanistan has improved since the end of the wars in 2006, but is still very limited. In 2018 there were 3,135 clinics and hospitals. About 87% of the people lived within two hours travel. However many people, especially children, die from illnesses which would be cured in other countries. Some hospitals don't have any ventilators. Things have got worse because money from other countries mostly stopped in 2021.

East Midlands Ambulance Service

The East Midlands Ambulance Service NHS Trust runs emergency medical services, urgent care and patient transport services for about 4.8 million people in Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire (except Glossop, Hadfield and Tintwistle), Leicestershire, Rutland, Lincolnshire and Northamptonshire. It was started in 1999. 

About 3,290 people work for it in more than 70 places.

In 2011 it had the worst performance in England after some bad weather.

London Ambulance Service

The London Ambulance Service NHS Trust is an NHS trust. It runs ambulances within the London region of England where there are about 8.6 million people living or working. About 5,300 people work for it. 

The first ambulance service in London was started by the Metropolitan Asylums Board in 1879. It was for infectious patients, but it started carrying accident victims and emergency medical cases. The London County Council started an emergency ambulance service in February 1915 under the control of the chief of the London Fire Brigade. It was the first public body to employ women drivers, because so many men had volunteered for military service. By July 1916, the London County Council Ambulance Corps staff were all women. In 1930 it had 150 motor ambulances.

During World War II, the London Auxiliary Ambulance Service was run by over 10,000 auxiliaries, mainly women. There were 139 Auxiliary Stations around the city. 

In 2008 it had 450 emergency ambulances with 100 fast response units - cars, motorcycles, or bicycles.

Alcuin

Alcuin of York ( 735 – 19 May 804), also known as Alcuinus of York, was a scholar, teacher, and theologian. He was born in York, Northumbria around the year 735. He was taught at the cathedral school there. He went on to become a prominent figure at the court of Charlemagne in Aachen, where he served as an advisor and educator.

Alcuin was known for his knowledge of literature, history, and religion. He was also known for his work to help people learn throughout the Frankish Empire. He was important in making the Palace School at Aachen. This was a place of intellectual and cultural activity in the Carolingian period.

Alcuin's work in education was very important. He thought teaching children to read and write was important. He helped make a standardized curriculum for schools in Frankish Empire. He also wrote many books on grammar, rhetoric, and religion. These books were widely used in schools in the Middle Ages.

Alcuin also wrote many letters. Many of them have been kept. He wrote letters to Charlemagne and other leading figures of the time.

Alcuin was a Christian. He wrote many theological treatises and poems. He helped make the liturgy of the Roman Catholic Church. He was canonized as a saint in the Roman Catholic Church in the eleventh century. Alcuin died in Tours, France, in the year 804. 

Minister for Health (Koshi Province)

The minister of Health, formerly style minister in the Government of Koshi Province and leads the ministry of Health. The minister for Health is responsible for healthcare in the Koshi Province and related services.

The incumbent minister is Nirmala Limbu, took office on 9 January 2023.




Rudolf Flögel

Rudolf 'Rudi' Flögel (born 13 December 1939) is an Austrian former professional footballer. He played most of the time as a striker for Rapid Vienna. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Rudi Flögel began his career in 1952 at FC Weißgärber. In 1958 he moved to SK Rapid Wien. Rudi Flögel played almost his entire career at this club. He played 14 seasons for them, playing 333 matches and scoring 145 goals. He won the Austrian Championship and and the Austrian Cup four times. 

At the end of his career he played for SV Admira Wiener Neustadt. There he played another year in the top league. After the team were relegated, he moved to 1. Simmeringer SC. In 1974 he ended his playing career.

He made his debut for Austria in a May 1960 friendly match against Scotland. He earned 40 caps, scoring 6 goals. His last international was a September 1969 friendly match against West Germany. 
He managed 1. Simmeringer SC, SC Neusiedl am See, Wiener Sport-Club, Favoritner AC and other smaller clubs from Vienna.


List of Ireland ODI cricketers

This list includes all players from Ireland who have played at least one ODI match after debuting in 2006.

Andreas Reisinger

Andreas Reisinger (born 14 October 1963) is an Austrian football manager and former player. He played mainly for clubs in Vienna. He also played for the Austrian national football team

He started his professional career with Wiener Sport-Club in 1983. 1986 he went to SK Rapid Wien. He also spent three seasons with SV Casino Salzburg. In the 1993/1994 season he became Austrian Champion with this club. After that season he moved to Vorwärts Steyr in Upper Austria. At the end of his career he went back to the Wiener Sportclub.

Reisinger made his debut for Austria in an April 1989 friendly match against Czechoslovakia . He was a participant at the 1990 FIFA World Cup. 
He earned 10 caps, no goals scored. His final international was an October 1990 European Championship qualification match against Yugoslavia. 
From 2005 to June 2011 Reisinger coached the amateurs at SK Rapid Wien. From June 2013 to January 2014 he was a coach at Wiener Viktoria and was replaced by Anton Polster on 14 January 2014. He also managed the Wiener Sport-Club and other clubs in Vienna and Lower Austria.


The Bandit of Zhobe

The Bandit of Zhobe is a 1959 British historical adventure movie directed by John Gilling and starring Victor Mature, Anne Aubrey, Anthony Newley, Norman Wooland, Dermot Walsh, Walter Gotell, Denis Shaw, Paul Stassino. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Foreign language

A foreign language is a language that is not the official language of a country. Native speakers (people who can speak their first learned language) from that country usually need to learn the language through lessons, self-teaching, or language courses.

Charlie and Lola

Charlie and Lola are created by the English writer and illustrator Lauren Child in 2000. They were introduced in a series of picture books and later adapted as animated television characters. Lola is an energetic and imaginative little girl; Charlie is her kind and patient older brother who is always willing to help Lola learn and grow. Charlie and Lola's parents, as well as their friends' parents, are often mentioned, but never seen.

The series' first book is "I Will Not Ever Never Eat a Tomato", published by Orchard Books in 2000. The U.S. edition was published in the same year by Candlewick Press, with the title: "I Will Never NOT EVER Eat a Tomato".
For that first book in the series, Child won the 2000 Kate Greenaway All-Medal Trophy from the Library Association, recognising the year's best children's book illustration by a British subject. For the 50th anniversary of the Medal (1955–2005) it was named one of the top ten winning works, selected by a 2007 panel to compose the ballot for a public election of the all-time favourite.

The series was made into an animated TV show.


Amber Liu (singer)

Amber Josephine Liu is a Taiwanese-American singer, rapper, and songwriter. She was born on September 18, 1992, in Los Angeles, California, and raised in Taiwan and the United States. Amber first gained prominence as a member of the K-pop girl group f(x), which debuted in 2009 under SM Entertainment.

Amber joined f(x) as the group's rapper and sub-vocalist, and quickly gained a reputation for her unique style and androgynous appearance. The group released several successful albums and singles, including "Electric Shock", "Rum Pum Pum Pum", and "4 Walls", before going on hiatus in 2016.

After f(x) went on hiatus in 2016, Amber began to focus on her solo career. She released her first solo EP, "Beautiful", in 2015, and followed it up with the album "X" in 2018. In 2019, she released the EP "Rogue Rouge", which showcased her versatility as an artist and songwriter.

Furthermore, Amber has been recognized for her contributions to the entertainment industry and to society as a whole. In 2018, she was named one of Forbes Asia's 30 Under 30 in Entertainment, and in 2020, she was included in Forbes Korea's Power Celebrity list.

Despite facing challenges and criticism throughout her career, Amber has remained true to herself and her values. She has spoken openly about her experiences as a Taiwanese-American woman in the K-pop industry, and has used her voice to advocate for greater diversity and representation in entertainment.

Throughout her career, Amber has received recognition and awards for her contributions to the entertainment industry. In 2015, she won the "Best Female Group Rapper" award at the SBS MTV Best of the Best awards. In 2018, she was named one of Forbes Asia's 30 Under 30 in Entertainment, and in 2019, she won the "Best Solo Artist" award at the Korean Music Awards.

In addition to her musical achievements, Amber has also been recognized for her social activism and philanthropy. In 2018, she was awarded the "Social Impact Award" at the Kore Asian Media Unforgettable Gala for her work in promoting LGBT rights and mental health awareness.

Amber has also made numerous appearances on television and in films. She has appeared in a variety of Korean and Chinese variety shows, as well as in the web series "SKY Castle" and the feature film "The Eagle and the Albatross".

Amber has also been involved in various charitable organizations and causes, including the Make-A-Wish Foundation and UNICEF. She has used her music and social media presence to raise funds and awareness for these organizations, and has also participated in several benefit concerts and events.

Amber's dedication to music, social activism, and philanthropy have made her a role model and inspiration for many people around the world. She continues to inspire and empower her fans with her talent, authenticity, and passion for making a positive impact on the world.

Amber is known for her charismatic personality and unique style, both on and off stage. She has been praised for her openness and honesty about her personal struggles, and has become a role model for many young people around the world.

Abdel Qawi Khalifa

Abdel Qawi Khalifa is an Egyptian engineer and professor. He has degrees in civil engineering and petroleum engineering from universities in Egypt, Canada, and the United States. He has worked as a consultant for the Egyptian government and owned his own engineering office. He was also chairman of a government water company and governor of Cairo. In 2012, he became the minister of water and wastewater utilities. He left that position in 2013. He is back again to share the KCE company from 2013 until now.

Ramy Adeeb

Ramy Adeeb is a venture capitalist investor and founder/CEO of Snip.it, a social curation platform. 

He started writing software at the age of 12 and built a database for a large Egyptian corporation's employee records when he was 13. He attended Pearson College UWC in Canada on scholarship and later earned a bachelor's and master's degrees in Computer Science from Harvard University, as well as an MBA from Stanford University. Adeeb worked at Tellme Networks before becoming a principal at Khosla Ventures, where he worked with noted investors Vinod Khosla and Pierre Lamond on investments such as Square and Groupme. Adeeb founded Snip.it in 2011 as a way to share information about the Arab Spring uprisings. In 2013, Yahoo! acquired Snip.it for $10 million.

Ihab Ilyas

Ihab Francis Ilyas is a computer scientist and a professor of computer science at the University of Waterloo. 

Ilyas was born and raised in Alexandria, Egypt. He completed bachelor's and master's degrees at Alexandria University in 1995 and 1999. Also, he earned a PhD at Purdue University in 2004. Ilyas held a Cheriton Faculty Fellowship at the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science from 2013 to 2016 and he received the Google Faculty Award in 2014.

He is also the leader of the Knowledge Platform team at Apple Inc. He co-founded Tamr Inc. and Inductiv Inc., both of which focus on large-scale data integration and cleaning. Apple acquired Inductiv in 2020. Ilyas is known for his research on database systems and data science, including data quality, data cleaning, managing uncertain data, and rank-aware query processing. He has received numerous awards and honors for his contributions to the field, including being named an ACM Fellow in 2020 and an IEEE Fellow in 2022.

North East Ambulance Service

The North East Ambulance Service NHS Foundation Trust is an NHS trust which runs NHS ambulance services in North East England. It is in Newcastle upon Tyne, and also runs services in Gateshead, North Tyneside, South Tyneside, Sunderland, County Durham, Northumberland and part of North Yorkshire called Teesside.

Yorkshire Ambulance Service

Yorkshire Ambulance Service NHS Trust is the NHS ambulance service covering most of Yorkshire in England. Its base is in Wakefield.

It was formed on 1 July 2006. 

There are about 4,500 paid workers and more than 1,000 volunteers. 

It runs patient transport services as well as emergency ambulances. It has more than 500 emergency vehicles. It uses modified Skoda Kodiaq SUVs as Rapid Response Vehicles.

Yorkshire Air Ambulance, a charity, has two rescue helicopters

Leboncoin

Leboncoin is a French website for classified ads.

The company founded in 2006 by the Norwegian company Schibsted. It allows individuals to buy and sell goods locally, and its free service is funded by charging fees to professionals and advertisers. Optional functions are also available for a fee. Leboncoin has become a trusted third party for consumer goods transactions and vacation rentals, and acts as an online payment intermediary through a partnership with the Dutch company Adyen. It is the fourth most visited website in France, with a monthly audience of 28 million unique visitors in early 2017, and recorded 20.4 million visits in a single day in February 2021.

Occupational disease

An occupational disease or industrial disease is a long term illness caused by work. It is an important part of occupational safety and health. They are found when they are more common in a given body of workers than in other people. The first such disease to be recognised was squamous-cell carcinoma of the scrotum. It was found in chimney sweep boys by Sir Percival Pott in 1775. This led to the Chimney Sweepers Act 1788. Problems caused by accidents (such as falls by roofers) are not counted as occupational diseases.

In many countries workers can get compensation if they are affected by these diseases, sometimes from the employer and sometimes as social security.

The most common occupational diseases are those affecting the and the .

Wilson Airport

Wilson Airport (IATA: WIL, ICAO: HKNW) is an airport in Nairobi, Kenya. It operates flights to several airports within Kenya, while Jomo Kenyatta International Airport and Moi International Airport which are the primary airports in Nairobi and Mombasa respectively, serve destinations both inside and outside Kenya.

Wilson Airport is located at an altitude of 5,546 feet (1,690 m) above sea level. It has two runways made of asphalt. Runway 1 has a length of 4,798 feet (1,462 m) and a width of 72 feet (22 m). Runway 2 has a length of 5,052 feet (1,540 m) and a width of 76 feet (23 m). The two runways have different headings, with Runway 1 heading 07/25 and Runway 2 heading 14/32.

I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love

I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love is the first studio album by American rock band, My Chemical Romance. It was released on July 23rd, 2002 by Eyeball Records. It was made after lead singer Gerard Way saw the 9/11 attacks and made the band in 2001.

HMS Salisbury (1707)

The Salisbury was a warship made in 1707, had lots of important adventures. Philip Carteret, the leader of the ship, went on many memorable trips with its crew. In 1711, it fought a tough battle against a Spanish ship, showing how strong it was.

Later on, the British Navy decided to sell the Salisbury. Even though it wasn't used anymore, the ship stayed important. It wasn't just a ship; it became a symbol of power and strength, making the crew really look up to it.

Nowadays, the Salisbury means more than just a ship from the past. It's a sign of not giving up and staying strong. Its story gives hope and inspiration to people who hear about it. The Salisbury's adventures are like a reminder of how powerful the spirit of determination can be in the history of ships.

Joey Castillo

Joseph Castillo (born March 30, 1966) is an American drummer. He is best known for playing the drums for Queens of the Stone Age from 2002 to 2012. He is a member of many bands. He is in Circle Jerks, Zakk Sabbath, The Bronx, and Doom Regulator. He was also in Danzig, Wasted Youth, Eagles of Death Metal, and California Breed. 

From 1994 to 2002, Castillo was the drummer for Danzig. He helped the band make three studio albums. In 2002, he joined Queens of the Stone Age. He joined the band after they made "Songs for the Deaf". This was their first popular album. He played the drums for the band at concerts. He helped the band make three albums: "Lullabies to Paralyze" (2005), "Era Vulgaris" (2007) and "...Like Clockwork" (2013). While Queens of the Stone Age was making "...Like Clockwork", Josh Homme made Castillo leave the band.

Helena (song)

"Helena" is the third single of American rock band, My Chemical Romance's second album, "Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge". Helena was released on March 8th, 2005. It is a tribute to Gerard Way and Mikey Way's late grandmother, Elena. It went to number 20 in the United States, number 27 in New Zealand and number 33 in the United States.

Zhangixalus duboisi

Dubois' whipping frog or Dubois' tree frog ("Zhangixalus duboisi") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam and China. People have seen it between 1780 and 1950 meters above sea level.

Bombtrack

"Bombtrack" is a 1993 song by American metal band Rage Against the Machine and is the opening track to their self-titled debut studio album. It discusses about social inequality.

CD


7"


On June 24, 1994, a special edition of the "Bombtrack" CD single was released for the Pinkpop Music Festival's 25th birthday. This version contains an alternative track listing.


Tracks three and eight recorded live at Melkweg in Amsterdam, February 7, 1993. Track six recorded live in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, April 11, 1993. Track nine recorded live in Minneapolis, United States, April 5, 1993. Track five remix by Sir Jinx.

The Evening Session version of "Bombtrack" is a completely reworked, slower "swing" version of the song with altered lyrics, which later appeared on "Evil Empire"s "Without a Face".

Decathlon (retailer)

Decathlon SE is a French sporting goods retailer founded by Michel Leclercq in 1976. It is the largest sporting goods retailer in the world, with over 2,080 stores in 56 countries and regions. The company manages its research, design, production, logistics, and distribution in-house, partners with global suppliers, and markets its own brands directly to consumers in Decathlon-branded big-box stores.

Decathlon started with a store in Lille, France, and expanded abroad to Germany in 1986, Spain in 1992, Italy in 1993, Belgium in 1997, and many other countries in subsequent years. The company employs more than 87,000 staff from 80 different nationalities and markets its products under more than 20 brands. Its research and development facilities are located across France, where the company develops its product designs, registering up to 40 patents per year. In January 2022, Decathlon named Barbara Martin Coppola as its new global CEO. Decathlon is an official partner of the Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games.

Leaving New York

"Leaving New York" is a 2004 song by alternative rock band R.E.M. and is the leading single from their 13th studio album "Around the Sun". It went to number 2 in Italy, number 3 in Hungary, number 4 in Spain, number 5 in the United Kingdom and Croatia, number 7 in Norway and Scotland, number 10 in Denmark, number 11 in Sweden, number 14 in Ireland, number 18 in Switzerland, number 19 in Greece, number 32 in Austria, number 43 in the Netherlands, number 57 in Australia and number 60 in Romania. It did not chart in the United States and New Zealand.

All tracks were written by Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Michael Stipe unless otherwise stated.

UK CD1

UK CD2

Bobex

Bobex is a European platform that was founded in Brussels, Belgium in 1999. It serves as a comparison platform for construction and renovation offers, including solar panels, windows, insulation, and water softeners.

Bobex was established by two Arthur D. Little Inc. consultants, Jean-Louis Van Marcke and David Schnall. The platform started with an investment of €62,000 and initially only operated in the Belgian market. In 2006, it expanded its operations to the Netherlands through a partnership with Dutch entrepreneurs. Bobex also launched its UK operations in 2008 in cooperation with a partner. In 2013, Bobex acquired its competitor, Offertex. The company made several acquisitions in the Dutch and Belgian markets in 2021 and 2022. During the energy crises of 2022-2023, Bobex users focused on sustainability rather than aesthetics.

Veepee

Veepee is a French retail company that sells products through online flash sales, previously known as vente-privee.com until January 2019.

Founded in 2001 by Jacques-Antoine Granjon and his seven business partners, Veepee specializes in limited-time sales events of designer brands only for its members with discounted prices from 50% to 70% off. The site offers a diverse selection of product categories, including fashion, accessories, toys, watches, home appliances, sports equipment, technology, wines, travel, entertainment tickets, and music. In 2017, the company invested 80 million euros in R&D and Open Innovation policy, and it rolled out three projects: Veepee Impulse, two in-house Lab’innovation, and launched a recruitment plan for 250 IT talents.

Mr. Brightside

"Mr. Brightside" is a 2003 debut single by alternative rock band The Killers and is the leading single from their debut studio album "Hot Fuss". It went to number 10 in the United Kingdom and the United States, number 12 in Scotland, number 15 in New Zealand, number 23 in Australia, number 40 Italy and number 48 in Ireland.

UK 7-inch white vinyl (2003)

UK limited-edition CD single (2003)

UK limited-edition 7-inch red vinyl single (2004)

UK CD1 (2004)

UK CD2 (2004)

US promo CD (2004)

Australian limited-edition enhanced CD single (2004)

European CD single (2004)

European enhanced maxi-single (2004)

US 2×12-inch vinyl (2005)

Deel

Deel is a company based in San Francisco that helps businesses hire and pay international workers and contractors. The company provides hiring and payments services.

It was founded in 2018 and has raised millions of dollars in funding. Deel offers a platform to hire employees and contractors remotely and manages compliance with local employment laws. It also helps with international payroll and provides insurance options. The company processes international payroll, with a range of withdrawal options in multiple currencies, including Coinbase, PayPal, Payoneer, Revolut, and bank transfer.

In June 2022, Deel offered to acquire PayGroup, a public Australian payroll company. The company partnered with the United Arab Emirates government to expedite visas for foreign workers. Deel is headquartered in San Francisco, California. As of January 2023, it reported having 2000 employees. The company operates completely remotely.

Babooshka (song)

"Babooshka" is a 1980 song by Kate Bush and is the second single from her third studio album "Never for Ever". It went to number 2 in Australia, number 4 in France and Norway, number 5 in Ireland, Israel and the United Kingdom, number 6 in Italy, number 8 in New Zealand, number 12 in South Africa, number 14 in Germany, number 24 in the Netherlands, number 25 in Finland and number 186 in France.

Aklanon language

Aklanon (Akeanon) language is a language spoken in the Philippines. It is spoken by around 560,000 people.

Aklanon Test-Wikipedia

Okhaldhunga District

Okhaldhunga District () is one of 14 districts of Koshi Province in eastern Nepal. The district, with Okhaldhunga as its district headquarters, covers an area of and had a population of 156,702 in 2001 and 147,984 in 2011.

Khotang District

Khotang District () is one of 14 districts of Koshi Province of eastern Nepal. The district, with Diktel as its district headquarters, covers an area of and has a population (2021) of 206,312. The district has been bordered by Bhojpur District in the east, Udayapur District in the south, Okhaldhunga District in the west and Solukhumbu District in the North. In this district there are 2 municipalities and 8 rural/urban municipalities.

3 Giant Men

3 Giant Men or "3 Dev Adam", also known as "Turkish Captain America, Santo vs. Spider-Man" is a 1973 Turkish superhero mockbuster movie directed by T. Fikret Ucak, loosely based on "Captain America", "El Santo" and "Spider-Man". 
Set in Turkey, while Captain America and Santo, takes down the villainous mob boss Spider.



Katya Soldak

Katya Soldak (; born 1977 in Kharkiv, Soviet Union (now Ukraine)) is a journalist, documentary filmmaker, and author who currently lives in New York City. She works as the editorial director for Forbes Media's international editions, focusing on Eastern Europe and the post-Soviet territories.

Soldak grew up in Kharkiv, Ukraine. and worked for one of the first independent TV stations in Ukraine during the 90s while attending H.S. Skovoroda Kharkiv National Pedagogical University. After studying at Emerson College from 2001 to 2003, she graduated from Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism with a Master’s degree in digital media in 2008.

Soldak began her journalism career after graduation, covering Eastern Europe-related issues for CBS News and various production houses in New York City before starting her career at Forbes Media. Her work is featured in NewsBreak, Forbes Argentina, BEAMSTART, and Forbes Ecuador.

She is the author of the memoir-essay "This Is How Propaganda Works", which discusses her experiences growing up in the Soviet Union. Soldak directed the documentary "The Long Breakup" in 2020 and created the podcast series "From Socialism to Capitalism" in 2021. Since the start of the Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022, she has been reporting on the situation in Ukraine. She often speaks publicly about the war, Ukrainian identity, and the importance of Ukrainian perspectives in news coverage.

Soldak lives and works in New York City with her daughter.



Riemann surface

In mathematics, a Riemann surface is a connected one-dimensional complex manifold.

List of villages in Massachusetts





















Occident

Occident is a term meaning "the west".

Edward Said also used the term in his book Orientalism (1978). He used it to mean Western countries that had colonized the Orient. This in particular includes France, Great Britain and later the United States.

Larry Rivers (basketball)

Larry Rivers (May 6, 1949 – April 29, 2023), also known as Gator Rivers, was an American basketball player, coach, business owner, and civil servant. He performed as a dribbler for the Harlem Globetrotters, and served as a coach, from 1973 to 1986. In 2020, he was elected to the Chatham County Commission, in Chatham County, Georgia, and served in the District 2 seat from 2021. He died on April 29, 2023, a week before his 74th birthday.

Jhapa 5 (constituency)

Jhapa 5 () is one of five parliamentary constituencies of Jhapa District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Jhapa 5 incorporates Damak Municipality, Kamal Rural Municipality, wards 1–8 of Gauradaha Municipality and wards 3–6 of Gauriganj Rural Municipality.

It encompasses the following Koshi Provincial Assembly segment




Kinloch, New Zealand

Kinloch (from ) is a small town on the most northern by of Lake Taupo in the Taupō District. It is situated 20 kilometers northwest of Taupō. It has a golf course and a mixture of permanent residents and holiday homes.

Zhangixalus arvalis

The farmland green tree frog ("Zhangixalus arvalis") is a frog. It lives in Taiwan. People have seen it as high as 1000 meters above sea level.

DXWW-TV

DXWW-TV (channel 9) is a VHF television station of Philippine television network Radio Philippines Network, the official affiliate of RPTV. Its studios and transmitter are located at RPN Davao Broadcast Tower Broadcast Avenue, Shrine Hills, Matina, Davao City.



Mount Gilboa

Mount Gilboa is a mountain in Israel. According to The Bible, King Saul died there.

Spamalot

Spamalot is a musical comedy by Eric Idle. It’s based on the movie Monty Python and the Holy Grail.

National Party of Australia – NSW

The National Party of Australia - NSW, also called the NSW Nationals, is the New South Wales branch of the National Party, a centre-right agrarian party in Australia. It is the junior partner in the Coalition with the Liberal Party, which is currently in Opposition. The current leader of the party is Dugald Saunders and its deputy leader is Bronnie Taylor.

National Party of Australia – Victoria

The National Party of Australia - Victoria, also called the Victorian Nationals, is the Victorian branch of the National Party, a centre-right agrarian party in Australia. It is the junior partner in the Coalition with the Liberal Party, which is currently in Opposition. The current leader of the party is Peter Walsh and its deputy leader is Emma Kealy.

National Party of Australia – Queensland

The National Party of Australia - Queensland, also called the Queensland Nationals, was the Queensland branch of the National Party, a centre-right agrarian party in Australia. In 2008, it merged with the Liberal Party to become the Liberal National Party (LNP).

National Party of Australia (WA)

The National Party of Australia (WA), also called the WA Nationals, is the Western Australian branch of the National Party, a centre-right agrarian party in Australia. It is the senior partner in the Coalition with the Liberal Party, which is currently in Opposition. The current leader of the party is Shane Love and its deputy leader is Peter Rundle.

National Party of Australia (SA)

The National Party of Australia (SA), also called the SA Nationals, is the South Australian branch of the National Party, a centre-right agrarian party in Australia. Unlike most other states, the SA Nationals do not currently form the Coalition with the Liberal Party due to the fact that the Nationals hold no seats in the South Australian Parliament.

National Party of Australia – Tasmania

The National Party of Australia - Tasmania, also called the Tasmanian Nationals, is the Tasmanian branch of the National Party, a centre-right agrarian party in Australia. Unlike most other states, the Tasmanian Nationals do not currently form the Coalition with the Liberal Party due to the fact that the Nationals hold no seats in the Tasmanian Parliament.

Western Metropolitan Region

The Western Metropolitan Region is one of the eight electoral districts in Victoria. The people in these districts can vote for the Victorian Legislative Council. It is for people who live in the western Melbourne suburbs of Footscray, Kororoit, Laverton, Niddrie, Point Cook, St Albans, Sunbury, Sydenham, Tarneit, Werribee and Williamstown. Five politicians are elected based on how many votes each party gets. The current members are: Lizzie Blandthorn, Moira Deeming, David Etteshank, Trung Luu and Ingrid Stitt.

Pabitra Niraula Kharel

Pabitra Niraula (or Pabitra Niraula; Nepali:पवित्रा निरैला खरेल) is a Nepalese politician and one of only six women MPS to be elected under the FPTP system in the 2017 Nepalese general election from Jhapa-2.

Las Vegas Aces

The Las Vegas Aces are an American professional basketball team. They are based in Las Vegas, Nevada. The Aces play basketball in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). They are in the WNBA's Western Conference. When they play basketball in Las Vegas, the Aces play at Michelob Ultra Arena in Mandalay Bay. The Aces won the 2022 WNBA Championship.

The team was made in Salt Lake City, Utah. It was first named the Utah Starzz. It then moved to San Antonio, Texas, and was named the San Antonio Silver Stars. Later, the name was changed to San Antonio Stars. In 2018, the team moved to Las Vegas. The Aces are one of three WNBA teams that plays in a place with no NBA team. The other two are the Connecticut Sun and the Seattle Storm. The team has gone to the WNBA Finals three times. They went in 2008, 2020, and 2022. 

Many good basketball players have been on the Aces, such as Ann Wauters, Dearica Hamby and A'ja Wilson. As of 2022, the team is coached by Becky Hammon. Hammon played for the San Antonio Stars from 2007 to 2014.

Just Dance

Just Dance may mean:


Bill Belichick

William Belichick (born April 16, 1952) is an American football coach. He is the head coach of the New England Patriots, a team in the National Football League (NFL). Many people think he is one of the best football coaches ever. He has won six Super Bowls as a head coach. He won all of them with the Patriots. He also won two Super Bowls as a coach for the New York Giants.

Belichick started coaching in 1975. In 1985, he became the coach for the New York Giants' defense. He worked with Bill Parcells on the Giants. Parcells and Belichick won two Super Bowls together. In 1991, Belichick left the Giants. He became the head coach of the Cleveland Browns. He coached the Browns for five seasons. He was fired from the Browns in 1995. He joined the New York Jets, but left the team after one day. He became the head coach of the New England Patriots on January 27, 2000.

Hercules Mulligan

Hercules Mulligan was a tailor who worked as a spy against the British in the American Revolution.

John Laurens

John Laurens was a soldier in the American Revolution who was against slavery and commanded freed slaves in South Carolina but was shot and killed.

The Year of Fury

The Year of Fury () is a 2020 Spanish Uruguayan Argentine drama movie directed by Rafa Russo and starring Alberto Ammann, Joaquín Furriel, Daniel Grao, Martina Gusman, Sara Sálamo, Maribel Verdú.


Dev Raj Ghimire

Dev Raj Ghimire (Nepali: देव राज घिमिरे) is a Nepalese politician who is currently serving as Speaker of the House of Representatives of Nepal. He was elected via 2022 Nepalese general election from Jhapa 2. 

Gopal Tamang

Gopal Tamang (Nepali: गोपाल तामाङ) is a Nepalese politician and a member of the Koshi Provincial Assembly from Nepali Congress. He was elected via 2022 Provincial Assembly election from Jhapa 1 (A).

Policarpa Salavarrieta

Policarpa Salaivarrieta (also known as La Pola, which is Spanish for the Pola) was a seamstress and spy for the Revolutionary Forces. She was born in Guaduas, Colombia on the 26th of January, 1795, and was executed for high treason on the 14th of November, 1817. 
She had eight siblings, two of whom died in 1802 because of a smallpox epidemic. Policarpa's mother and father also died because of smallpox. 

Little is known of Policarpa's childhood, including whether or not she was a fan of carrots. We know that her family was relatively respectable and 'well-off', according to many other sites, but her family collapsed after the epidemic in 1802. 

Barhadashi Rural Municipality

Barhadashi () is a rural municipality (gaunpalika) out of seven rural municipality in Jhapa District of Province No. 1 of Nepal. There are a total of 15 municipalities in Jhapa in which 8 are urban and 7 are rural.

According to Ministry of Federal Affairs and Local Developme Jhapa has an area of and the total population of the municipality is 33653 as of Census of Nepal 2011.


Came a Hot Friday

Came a Hot Friday is a 1985 New Zealand comedy movie directed by first time director Ian Mune and was based on the 1964 novel by Ronald Hugh Morrieson. It stars Billy T. James, Peter Bland, Marshall Napier, Don Selwyn, Prince Tui Teka, Roy Billing and Bruce Allpress.


You're in a Bad Way

"You're in a Bad Way" is a 1993 song by British pop band Saint Etienne and is the second single from their second studio album "So Tough". It went to number 12 in the United Kingdom and number 26 in Iceland.

All tracks written and composed by Stanley and Wiggs; except where indicated





Charlie and Lola (TV series)

Charlie and Lola is a British animated children's television series based on the popular children's picture book series of the same name by Lauren Child. The show started on 21 March 2005. The series was produced by Tiger Aspect Productions, and has won multiple BAFTA awards. The animation uses a collage style that emulates the style of the original books. Charlie and Lola is also available on BBC iPlayer for over a year.

2023 Ishikawa earthquake

On May 5, 2023, a strong earthquake hit in Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan. The maximum intensity of Shindo 6+

The earthquake occurred at 2:42 p.m. JST measuring M 6.2, at a depth of 8.7 kilometers.

Cosmic Girl (song)

"Cosmic Girl" is a 1996 song by English funk band Jamiroquai and is the third single from their third studio album "Travelling Without Moving". It went to number 3 in Italy and Spain, number 4 in Iceland, number 6 in the United Kingdom and Hungary, number 9 in Scotland, number 10 in Czech Republic and Finland, number 12 in Ireland, number 23 in France, number 29 in New Zealand, number 33 in Australia, number 45 in Sweden and number 78 in the Netherlands.








Iysert

"Iysert Energy Research Private limited" is the Manufacturer of Portable Micro Solar and wind turbine company , having world class manufacturing cum Research & Development Facility in Jaipur Rajasthan India.

Awards & Recogination
1. ET MSME MOST INNOVATIVE COMPANY OF THE YEAR 2022 , ECONOMICS TIMES

2. RECIPIENT OF NATIONAL AWARD ATAL SAMMAN 2022 , GOVT OF INDIA .

3.NATIONAL AWARD "DR BR AMBEDKAR BUSINESS EXCELLENCE AWARD BY GOVT OF INDIA ON 14 APRIL 2022 , New Delhi

4.Recognized and selected India’s Top Covid 19 Project development company by COVID 19 Task Force , Government of India .

5.Recognized India's Top 10 Clean Company of India 2022 by Silicon India .

The Story of Tracy Beaker (TV series)

The Story of Tracy Beaker is a British drama series based on the book of the same name by Jacqueline Wilson. It ran on CBBC for five series, from January 2002 to December 2005. 

The series follows Tracy Beaker (Dani Harmer), a young British girl who grows up in a children's care home. 


Alpha Sculptoris

Alpha Sculptoris is the brightest star in the generally faint constellation Sculptor, it is the brightest star in the constellation because it has an apparent visual magnitude of +4.30. Parallax measurements collected during the Hipparcos mission give an estimated distance for this star at about , with a 4% margin of error.

Alpha Sculptoris is a B-type giant star. It is classified as an SX Arietis type variable star. It's magnitude changes by less than a tenth of a magnitude.

The luminosity of Alpha Sculptoris is about 1,500 times brighter than that of the Sun and is very hot with a surface temperature of 13,600 K. It is 7 times larger than the Sun in radius and is 5 times massive than the Sun.

Santiago Peña

Santiago Peña Palacios (; born 16 November 1978) is a Paraguayan politician and economist. He became the 52nd President of Paraguay on 15 August 2023. He was the Minister of Finance of Paraguay from 2015 to 2017. He is a member of the Colorado Party. He ran for president before in 2018.

Atomic spies

Atomic spies or atom spies were people in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada who are known to have illicitly given information about nuclear weapons production or design to the Soviet Union during World War II and the early Cold War.

Atlanta Dream

The Atlanta Dream are an American professional basketball team. They are based in Atlanta, Georgia. The team was made in 2008. The Dream plays basketball in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). They are in the WNBA's Eastern Conference. The team is owned by Larry Gottesdiener, Suzanne Abair and Renee Montgomery. Montgomery was a member of the Dream in 2019. The Dream is not related to the Atlanta Hawks, the NBA team that is also in Atlanta. When they play basketball in Atlanta, the Dream plays at the Gateway Center Arena in College Park, Georgia.

As of 2023, the team has gone to the WNBA Playoffs eight times. They have gone to the WNBA Finals three times. In 2010, they lost the Finals to the Seattle Storm. In 2011 and 2013, they lost to the Minnesota Lynx.

Frascati

Frascati is an Italian city in Lazio, on the Alban Hills. It is southeast of Rome. About 22,500 people live there. Frascati is known for the white wine with the same name.

Marino, Lazio

Marino is an Italian city in Lazio, on the Alban Hills. It is southeast of Rome. About 45,000 people live there.

Les Moëres

Les Moëres is a former commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 978 people lived there. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the commune of Ghyvelde.


Téteghem

Téteghem is a former commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 6,905 people lived there. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Téteghem-Coudekerque-Village.

Coudekerque-Village

Coudekerque-Village is a former commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,380 people lived there. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Téteghem-Coudekerque-Village.

Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors

The Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors was a mythological group of demigods, rulers, and deities from ancient China. 

In the stories, the Three Sovereigns were demigods that created life and humans, and gave them common skills. The Five Emperors were amazing sages who showed great personalities. They were traditionally thought to have invented fire, writing and irrigation. 
This was a golden age when "communications between the human order and the divine were central to all life" . The sages were like gods. They helped humans in messaging divine forces.

Xertigny

Xertigny is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.


Carmona, Spain

Carmona is a municipality of 29,279 people (2022). It is in the province of Seville in the autonomous community of Andalusia in south Spain. It is 33 km northeast of Seville.

Yalta

Yalta (Ukrainian and Russian: Я́лта) is a resort city on the south coast of the Crimean Peninsula surrounded by the Black Sea. Yalta is internationally recognised as part of Ukraine, and is thought to be part of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea. In 2014, 76,746 people lived there.

List of British royal consorts

A royal consort is the spouse of a reigning king or queen. Consorts of monarchs of the United Kingdom and Great Britain have no legal status or power but many have had significant influence. There have been 11 royal consorts since Britain's union of the crowns in 1707, eight women and three men.

The current consort is Queen Camilla. She became queen when her husband, Charles II, became king on 8 September 2022.


Northern Province, Sierra Leone

The Northern Province is one of the five administrative regions of Sierra Leone. Its area is 35,936 km² and 2,502,865 people lived here in 2015. The capital is Makeni.

The province has four districts:

Sarah &amp; Duck

Sarah & Duck is a British television currently on CBeebies.

Eastern Province, Sierra Leone

The Eastern Province is one of the five administrative regions of Sierra Leone. Its area is 15,553 km² and 1,641,012 people lived here in 2015. The capital is Kenema.

The province has 3 districts:

Kenema

Kenema is the third largest city in Sierra Leone (after Freetown and Bo). It is the capital and largest city of Eastern Province. In 2015, 200,354 people lived there.

Bo, Sierra Leone

Bo is the second largest city in Sierra Leone (after Freetown). It is the largest and capital of Southern Province. In 2017, 233,684 people lived there.

Southern Province, Sierra Leone

The Southern Province is one of the five administrative regions of Sierra Leone. Its area is 19,694 km² and 1,438,572 people lived here in 2015. The capital is Bo.

The province has four districts:

North West Province, Sierra Leone

The North West Province, also known as North Western Province, is one of the five administrative regions of Sierra Leone. The province has 34 chiefdoms and 1,162,065 people lived here in 2017. The capital is Port Loko.

The province was created in 2017 as a split from the Northern Province.

The province has three districts:

Western Area

The Western Area is one of the five administrative regions of Sierra Leone. It comprises the national capital Freetown and its surrounding suburbs. Its area is 557 km² and 1,493,252 people lived here in 2015. The Western Area is not a province.

It is divided into two districts:

Terdeghem

Terdeghem is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 522 people lived there.


Thiennes

Thiennes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 912 people lived there.


Thun-l'Évêque

Thun-l'Évêque is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 751 people lived there.

Thun-Saint-Martin

Thun-Saint-Martin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 541 people lived there.


Tilloy-lez-Cambrai

Tilloy-lez-Cambrai is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 651 people lived there.


Toufflers

Toufflers is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,911 people lived there.


Tourmignies

Tourmignies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 903 people lived there.


Trélon

Trélon is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,771 people lived there.


Tressin

Tressin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,405 people lived there.


Vieux-Condé

Vieux-Condé is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 10,465 people lived there.


Vieux-Mesnil

Vieux-Mesnil is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 635 people lived there.


Vieux-Reng

Vieux-Reng is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 881 people lived there.


Wannehain

Wannehain is a commune in the Nord department in north France. It is on the border with Belgium.

Wargnies-le-Grand

Wargnies-le-Grand is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,102 people lived there.


Wargnies-le-Petit

Wargnies-le-Petit is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 767 people lived there.


Warhem

Warhem is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,996 people lived there.


Wignehies

Wignehies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,855 people lived there.


Saint-Pol-sur-Mer

Saint-Pol-sur-Mer is a former commune in Nord department in north France. Since 9 December 2010, it is part of the commune of Dunkirk. In 2019, 20,250 people lived there. It is the second-largest suburb of the city of Dunkirk.


Connecticut Sun

The Connecticut Sun are an American professional basketball team. They are based in Uncasville, Connecticut. The Sun play basketball in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). They are in the WNBA's Eastern Conference. When they play basketball in Connecticut, the Sun play at Mohegan Sun Arena. The team is owned by the Mohegan Indian tribe.

The team was made in 1999. It was first named the Orlando Miracle. It was in Orlando, Florida. It was related to the Orlando Magic, a basketball team in the NBA. In 2003, the Mohegan Indian tribe bought the team. They were the first Native American tribe to own a sports franchise. The team moved to Connecticut. The Sun are one of three WNBA teams that plays in a place with no NBA team. The other two are the Las Vegas Aces and the Seattle Storm. 

As of 2022, the team is coached by Stephanie White. White was a player for the Indiana Fever before she started coaching. As of 2023, the Sun have been to the WNBA Playoffs eight times.

Fort-Mardyck

Fort-Mardyck is a former commune in the Nord department in north France. Since 9 December 2010, it is part of the commune of Dunkirk. In 2019, 3,403 people lived there.

Genouilly, Cher

Genouilly is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. In 2019, 676 people lived there.

Germigny-l'Exempt

Germigny-l'Exempt is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in central France. In 2019, 296 people lived there.

Givardon

Givardon is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in central France. In 2019, 301 people lived there.

Riboux

Riboux is a commune of 49 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Rocbaron

Rocbaron is a commune of 5,250 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

La Roquebrussanne

La Roquebrussanne is a commune of 2,203 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

La Roque-Esclapon

La Roque-Esclapon is a commune of 256 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Rougiers

Rougiers is a commune of 1,662 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Bradyrhizobium

Bradyrhizobium is a genus of Gram-negative soil bacteria that naturally occur as free-living soil bacteria or in symbiotic relationships with legumes. "Bradyrhizobium" is known for nitrogen fixation, which converts atmospheric nitrogen into ammonia (N - NH). This process allows plants and other organisms to use organic compounds, such as nitrates, more readily. Nitrogen-fixing bacteria such as "Bradyrhizobium" are crucial to chemical cycles in the soil.

"Bradyrhizobium" species are Gram-negative, rod-shaped (also called bacilli) with a flagella (like a tail) to help them move through their environment. Gram-negative bacteria are smaller types of bacteria with thin cell walls that are sensitive to drought or water stress. They are commonly found in the soil where they can form relationships with plant roots such as peas, clover, and other legumes in a mutually beneficial, or symbiotic, relationship. In exchange for their nitrogen fixation, the "Bradyrhizobium" benefit from carbohydrates made by the plant. They are also common in forest soils, although these species tend not to fix nitrogen.

"Bradyrhizobium" genus comprises the following species:


The following species have been published, but not validated according to the 


Saint-Antonin-du-Var

Saint-Antonin-du-Var is a commune of 722 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Koprivnica

Koprivnica is a city in northern Croatia. It is the capital and the largest city of the Koprivnica-Križevci County. In 2011, 30,854 people lived there.

Acquanegra Cremonese

Acquanegra Cremonese is a "comune" in the Province of Cremona in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Sparone

Sparone is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Strambinello

Strambinello is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Torrazza Piemonte

Torrazza Piemonte is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Sangano

Sangano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Sauze di Cesana

Sauze di Cesana is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Micromonospora

"Micromonospora" is a genus of bacteria that are commonly found in soils, sediments, and in close contact with 

the roots of different plants. In 1923, they were named "ray fungi" on the basis of their shape (also known as morphology). The genus is a source of chemicals that are used in medicine to treat bacterial infections.

In the environment, they form networks called mycelium to enable them to break down and digest dead plant matter to gain energy. This process is called saprotrophy.

"Micromonospora" are Gram-positive, spore-forming, and live in areas of the soil with access to air, as they are aerobic (use oxygen).

"Micromonospora" includes the following species:


Killing of Tim McLean

On July 30, 2008, Tim McLean, a 22-year-old Canadian man, was stabbed several times, beheaded, and cannibalized while riding a Greyhound Canada bus by a Chinese-Canadian man Vincent Weiguang Li.

According to witnesses, McLean was sitting infront of the restroom whereas Vin Li sat next to him whilst the bus made a stop, then McLean was sleeping with his headphones on when Vin Li was sitting next to him and suddenly started stabbing him in the chest and neck with a large knife. After the attack began, the bus driver stopped on the side of the road, and the driver and all the other passengers fled the vehicle. The attacker then decapitated McLean and displayed his severed head to other passengers outside who had fled the bus.

On July 31, 2008 at 1:30 a.m., the suspect attempted to escape from the bus by breaking through a window; however, the bus driver and a few passengers who were brandishing weapons to prevent the suspect from the leaving the bus. He was quickly apprehended, handcuffed and placed in the back of a police cruiser.

Febrero Amargo

Febrero Amargo is an independent documentary by Gastón Goicoechea Pérez and Agustín Lorenzo Arana. The documentary narrates the military insurrection that took place in Uruguay on February 9, 1973. It details the resistance put up by the National Navy in defense of democratic institutions, along with the speculations of the political system as well as social organizations at the time regarding the possibilities of a civil-military regime based on Communiqués 4 and 7.

The title of the documentary was taken from the book "Febrero Amargo", written by Senator Amílcar Vasconcellos in March 1973, which was republished in 2017 as part of the Uruguayan Classics Collection of the National Library.

The film was completed in January 2019, and prepared for premiere at the Punta del Este Film Festival.

Febrero Amargo focused on collecting testimony from academic historians, journalists who conducted historical research, political and union figures, as well as protagonists who lived through the period. The co-directors discarded the use of photography in order to use the historical video archive, applying Roland Barthes conception that film represents a "being there of things", as opposed to the "having been there" of photography. In other words, the aim was for the documentary to become a "time machine"..

In addition, he not only sought to "document" what happened, but also to construct and reconstruct a history experienced in the present. For this reason, it questions the traditional date of the anniversary of the 1973 civil-military coup, which is celebrated on June 27, with the dissolution of the cameras. Instead, the film states that the coup took place on February 9, 1973, when the military insurrection of the Army and the Air Force took place, and that the National Navy opposed it in defense of democratic institutions.

In 2018, we participated in a call of the Audiovisual Incentive Fund of the Municipality of Maldonado to finance the production costs of "Febrero Amargo". The film won first place and the amount of money needed to cover expenses related to filming, post-production and editing. 

It was completed in January 2019 and prepared for its premiere at the Punta del Este Film Festival. Since then, it has been screened at international film festivals in Uruguay, such as the Piriápolis International Film Festival, the Montevideo International Film Festival (MONFIC), the New DETOUR Film Festival and Atlantidoc 16 - International Documentary Film Festival.

Zhangixalus aurantiventris

The orange-bellied tree frog or orange-belly tree frog ("Zhangixalus aurantiventris") is a frog. It lives in Taiwan.

Zhangixalus jarujini

Jarugin's tree frog ("Zhangixalus jarujini") is a frog. It lives in eastern Thailand. Scientists think it might also live in Laos and Cambodia.

The adult male frog is about 38 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 44 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is brown in color with dark marks.

Zhangixalus achantharrhena

Zhangixalus achantharrhena is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: on Bukit Kaba and Guning Dempo mountains in Sumatra, Indonesia. Scientists think it could live in nearby mountains too.

Zhangixalus pachyproctus

The protruded vent tree frog, thick anus tree frog, or white-lipped tree frog ("Zhangixalus pachyproctus") is a frog. It lives in eastern China, Vietnam, and Thailand. Scientists think it might also live in Laos and Myanmar.

The adult male frog is about 74.2-83.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 102.4 mm long. The frog has white stropes down the sides of its jaw, body, and legs.

Indiana Fever

The Indiana Fever are an American professional basketball team. It is based in Indianapolis, Indiana. The Fever play basketball in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). They are in the WNBA's Eastern Conference. The team was made in 2000. The Fever are related to the Indiana Pacers, a basketball team in the NBA.

As of 2023, the Fever have been to the WNBA Playoffs thirteen times. In 2009, the Fever went to the WNBA Finals. They lost to the Phoenix Mercury. In 2012, the Fever won the WNBA Championship. They beat the Minnesota Lynx to win. The Fever has had many good basketball players on their team, such as Tamika Catchings and Katie Douglas.

Jhargram

Jhargram is a planned city and a municipality in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is the headquarters of the Jhargram district. It is a popular tourist destination known for its forests, ancient temples and royal palaces.

A'ja Wilson

A'ja Riyadh Wilson (born August 8, 1996) is an American basketball player. She plays for the Las Vegas Aces, a team in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). Wilson played for the South Carolina Gamecocks when she was in college. She helped the Gamecocks win the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship in 2017. She has scored more points than any other South Carolina women's basketball player. In 2018, she was the best player in women's college basketball.

In 2018, Wilson joined the Las Vegas Aces. She was the first pick in the 2018 WNBA Draft. In the 2020 Summer Olympics, Wilson won a gold medal for women's basketball. She helped the Aces win the 2022 WNBA Championship.

Working Class Hero

"Working Class Hero" is a 1970 song by John Lennon and taken from his 1970 album "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band". It is the A-side to his biggest hit "Imagine". It has been covered by numerous artists including punk rock band Green Day.

Kleines Wiesental

Kleines Wiesental is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It was created on 1 January 2009 and consists of the former municipalities of Bürchau, Elbenschwand, Neuenweg, Raich, Sallneck, Tegernau, Wies and Wieslet. It is named after the river Kleine Wiese, which has its source there.

Bürchau

Bürchau is a village and a former municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the new municipality of Kleines Wiesental.

Elbenschwand

Elbenschwand is a village and a former municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the new municipality of Kleines Wiesental.

Neuenweg

Neuenweg is a village and a former municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the new municipality of Kleines Wiesental.

Raich

Raich is a village and a former municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the new municipality of Kleines Wiesental.

The Masked Singer (American TV series)

The Masked Singer is a famous reality TV show which started on January 2, 2019. The show is hosted by Nick Cannon , a famous American TV host, and Actor. The show is related to Masked Singer, a TV show which features celebrities singing songs. This show has panelists who identify celebrities through clues given in each season. These are the awards won by this show,


Bhati

Bhati is a clan of Rajputs, Gurjars, and Jats found in India and Pakistan. Both Bhati and Bhatti Jats claim to be Yadavas. But Bhatis are probably Turks and seem to have no connection to the name Yadava. Jaisalmer State was founded by the Bhati Rajputs and they ruled it till Indian independence in 1947. Sometimes, all these Rajput clans, Bhattis, Jadauns, Chudasamas & Sammas are said to be the royal descendants of the Jadam Aheers.

Overjoyed (Stevie Wonder song)

"Overjoyed" is a 1985 song by Stevie Wonder. It was taken from his 20th studio album "In Square Circle". It went to number 10 in Ireland, number 17 in the United Kingdom, number 24 in the United States, number 33 in Belgium and number 55 in Canada. It has been covered by numerous artists.

Canned Heat (song)

"Canned Heat" is a 1999 song by English funk band Jamiroquai and is the second single from their fourth studio album "Synkronized". It went to number 2 in Hungary, Iceland and Spain, number 3 in Finland and Scotland, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 7 in Canada and Italy, number 9 in Switzerland, number 14 in Ireland, number 20 in Australia, number 26 in New Zealand and number 35 in Sweden.

UK CD1 and Japanese CD single

UK CD2

UK and US cassette single; US CD and 7-inch single

European CD single

Australian CD single; US maxi-CD and maxi-cassette single

US 12-inch single

1978–79 Austrian Cup

The 1978-79 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. SSW Innsbruck were the defending champions. 
First round with teams from the second league.

First round with teams from the first league.

Egon Katnik – Fernando Zappia (68. Werner Kriess), Ronald Freimüller, Gerhard Forstinger, Robert Auer, Walter Stöffelbauer, Werner Schwarz (68. Franco Castellano), Peter Schwarz, Günter Kronsteiner, Werner Zanon, Werner Seubert<br> coach: Lajos Baróti

Gerhard Fleischmann – Ferdinand Bartosch, Heinrich Strasser, Herbert Oberhofer, Robert Kro, Helmut Weigl, Hans-Peter Troindl, Johannes Demantke, Wilhelm Cerny, Ewald Gröss (69. Erich Kroboth), Alfred Gassner<br>coach: Rudolf Illovszky

Gerhard Fleischmann – Ferdinand Bartosch, Heinrich Strasser (46. Erich Kroboth), Herbert Oberhofer, Helmut Weigl, Zenon Kasztelan (66. Hans-Peter Troindl), Johannes Demantke, Wilhelm Cerny, Walter Binder, Ewald Gröss, Alfred Gassner<br>coach: Rudolf Illovszky
Egon Katnik – Robert Auer, Fernando Zappia, Ronald Freimüller, Gerhard Forstinger, Walter Stöffelbauer, Peter Schwarz, Günter Kronsteiner, Robert Hanschitz, Werner Zanon, Werner Seubert<br> coach: Lajos Baróti

South Central Ambulance Service

The South Central Ambulance Service NHS Foundation Trust runs the ambulance service for the counties of Berkshire, Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire and most of Hampshire. It also runs a patient transport service, first aid training fornthe public, a community equipment service and logistic services. 

In June 2011, it was said to be England's top performing ambulance service, but it was rated Inadequate by the Care Quality Commission in 2022.

Toto (album)

Toto is the debut studio album by American rock band Toto and was released on October 15, 1978 through Columbia Records. It went to number 2 in Australia, number 5 in Sweden, number 8 in Germany, number 9 in Canada and the United States. It peaked at number 37 in the United Kingdom.

Hydra (Toto album)

Hydra is the second studio album by American rock band Toto and was released in October 1979 through Columbia Records. It went to number 1 in Norway, number 10 in Canada, number 15 in Sweden, number 29 in New Zealand, number 37 in Japan and the United States, number 38 in Germany and number 41 in Australia.

Patient transport service

A Patient transport service carries people to and from medical services when there isnt an emergency. This may be to or from their own home or a hospital or care home.

The transport usually has life-support equipment, and people with fewer qualifications than ambulance people. Some services are run commercially and some by government healthcare services. 

In the United Kingdom there is a separate Hospital Travel Costs scheme which gives people help with the costs of these journeys.

S/2011 J 3

S/2011 J 3 is a small natural satellite of Jupiter discovered by Scott S. Sheppard on 27 September 2011, using 6he 6.5-meter Magellan-Baade Telescope at Las Campanas Observatory, Chile. It was announced by the Minor Planet Center 11 Years later on 20 December 2022, after observations were collected over a long enough time span to confirm the satellite' orbit.

S2011 J 3 is part of the Himalia group, a tight cluster of prograde irregular moons of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Himalia at semi-major axes between 11-12 million km 6.8-7.5 million mi and inclinations between 26-31 .

With an estimated diameter of 3 km 1.9 mi for an absolute magnitude of 16.3, it is among the smallest known members of the Himalia group

The Boys in the Band (1970 movie)

The Boys in the Band is a 1970 American drama movie directed by William Friedkin and was based on the 1968 play of the same name by Mart Crowley. It stars Kenneth Nelson, Leonard Frey, Cliff Gorman, Laurence Luckinbill, Frederick Combs, Keith Prentice, Reuben Greene and Elaine Kaufman. It was distributed by National General Pictures. It was remade in 2020.


Toto IV

Toto IV is the fourth studio album by American rock band Toto and was released on March 26, 1982 through Columbia Records. It topped the album charts in Australia, Canada and the Netherlands. It went to the top 10 in Japan, New Zealand, Norway, the United Kingdom and the United States. It won for 2 Grammy Awards in 1983.

Camas, Seville

Camas is a municipality of 27,443 people (2022). It is in the province of Seville in the autonomous community of Andalusia in Spain.

Football player Sergio Ramos was born here.

Saint-Julien, Var

Saint-Julien is a commune of 2,402 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Saint-Mandrier-sur-Mer

Saint-Mandrier-sur-Mer is a commune of 6,095 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Saint-Martin-de-Pallières

Saint-Martin-de-Pallières is a commune of 247 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Saint-Maximin-la-Sainte-Baume

Saint-Maximin-la-Sainte-Baume is a commune of 17,095 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Saint-Paul-en-Forêt

Saint-Paul-en-Forêt is a commune of 1,757 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Saint-Zacharie

Saint-Zacharie is a commune of 6,051 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Salernes

Salernes is a commune of 3,761 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Kim Seon-ho

Kim Seon-ho (; born May 8, 1986) is a South Korean actor who began his career on stage. He made his screen debut in 2017 with Good Manager. He gained fame with the television series Start-Up (2020) and Hometown Cha-Cha-Cha (2021), which were aired on tvN and Netflix respectively.

Kim was an only child who grew up in Bongcheon-dong, Seoul. As a child, he experienced a traumatic incident when his mother was stabbed during a home robbery. He was able to overcome this trauma through acting, thanks to an acting academy he attended during his third year of high school.


Les Salles-sur-Verdon

Les Salles-sur-Verdon is a commune of 226 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Sanary-sur-Mer

Sanary-sur-Mer is a commune of 16,889 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Seillans

Seillans is a commune of 2,669 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Sallneck

Sallneck is a village and a former municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the new municipality of Kleines Wiesental.

Xaffévillers

Xaffévillers is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Nord Department

Nord Department may refer to:

I'll Supply the Love

"I'll Supply the Love" is a 1979 song by American rock band Toto. It is the second single from their debut studio album "Toto". It went to number 45 in the United States, number 73 in Canada, number 92 in Australia and number 29 in New Zealand.

Georgy Porgy (song)

"Georgy Porgy" is a 1979 song by American rock band Toto. It is the third single from their debut studio album "Toto" and went to number 48 in the United States and number 11 in New Zealand. It was covered by Eric Benét featuring Faith Evans for his second studio album "A Day in the Life". It went to number 2 in New Zealand.

UK CD1

UK CD2

UK 12-inch single

European CD single

Australian CD single

G5 Entertainment

G5 Entertainment Group (also known as G5 Games) is a developer and publisher of free-to-play adventure and puzzle games such as , mahjong and match 3 games. It was founded in 2001 by Vlad Suglobov, Alexander Tabunov and Sergey Shultz. The company headquarters is located in Stockholm, Sweden.

As of the end of 2022, the group had 961 employees in Sweden, Malta, United States, Ukraine, Armenia, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Georgia, Montenegro and Kazakhstan.

G5 Entertainment was founded in 2001. 

In 2006, the group started developing PC games and then went on to release mobile games such as "" and "Virtual City". The games were later launched on the Apple App Store. Developed by the company, "Mahjong Artifacts", was eventually adapted into a free game called "Mahjong Journey".

In 2011, G5 released its first free mobile game, "Virtual City Playground". And in 2013, after the release of "Virtual City Playground", the group decided to focus only on free games.

G5 Entertainment became the first developer of games for mobile phones in the CIS, as well as the first gaming company from the CIS to conduct an IPO.

In 2022, G5 Entertainment opened its offices in Armenia, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Georgia, Montenegro and Kazakhstan.

Games published by G5 Entertainment include: "Hidden City: Hidden Object" & "Mystery Games, Sherlock: Hidden Match-3 Cases", "Jewels of Rome", "Jewels of the Wild West", "Mahjong Journey" and "The Secret Society".

In October 2006, G5 Entertainment AB listed its shares on the Nordic MTF in Stockholm under the trading symbol G5EN. 

In 2008, trading in G5 shares was moved from NGM Nordic MTF to Aktietorget (now renamed Spotlight Stock Market) in Stockholm. In 2013, the company listed the company's shares on the Nasdaq Stockholm Main Market. G5 Entertainment shares have been listed on Nasdaq Stockholm's Main Market under the symbol G5EN.ST since 2014. In August 2019, the company started trading on OTCQX Market in New York under the symbol GENTF. In 2020, G5 had the second largest gain among the 365 members of the .


Hymn for the Weekend

"Hymn for the Weekend" is a 2016 song by British alternative rock band Coldplay featuring uncredited vocals from American singer Beyoncé and is taken from their seventh studio album "A Head Full of Dreams" (2015). The song peaked at number six in the United Kingdom and number 25 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. It went to top 10 single charts in many countries around the world. The music video was shot in India.

Bad Ischl

Bad Ischl is a spa town in Gmunden in the Austrian state of Upper Austria. It is at the Traun River in the centre of the Salzkammergut region. About 14,000 people live there.

Bluffdale, Utah

Bluffdale is a city in Salt Lake and Utah counties in the U.S. state of Utah.

Lathrop, California

Lathrop is a city in San Joaquin County, California, United States.

Manteca, California

Manteca is a city in San Joaquin County, California, United States.

Ripon, California

Ripon is a city in San Joaquin County, California, United States.

Chatfield, Minnesota

Chatfield is a city in Fillmore and Olmsted counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota.

Pine Island, Minnesota

Pine Island is a city in Goodhue and Olmsted counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota.

I Believe in Love (Kenny Loggins song)

"I Believe in Love" is a 1976 song first introduced by Barbra Streisand as a B-side to her single "Evergreen (Love Theme from "A Star Is Born")". Loggins later recorded for his debut studio album "Celebrate Me Home" and went to number 66 in the United States and number 45 in Canada. It was covered by Johnny Mathis for his 1984 live album "Live".

Tegernau

Tegernau is a village and a former municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the new municipality of Kleines Wiesental.

Wies, Baden-Württemberg

Wies is a village and a former municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the new municipality of Kleines Wiesental.

Miracle (Whitney Houston song)

"Miracle" is a 1991 song by Whitney Houston. It is the third single from her third studio album "I'm Your Baby Tonight" and was written and produced by L.A. Reid and Babyface. It went to number 9 in the United States and number 17 in Canada.


Wieslet

Wieslet is a village and a former municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Since 1 January 2009, it became part of the new municipality of Kleines Wiesental.

Malsburg-Marzell

Malsburg-Marzell is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

I Wanna Dance with Somebody (Who Loves Me)

"I Wanna Dance with Somebody (Who Loves Me)" is a 1987 song by American singer Whitney Houston and is the lead single from her second studio album "Whitney" (1987). It topped the single charts in a lot of countries. It won a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance in 1988. The single sold 14 million copies worldwide.

"I Wanna Dance with Somebody (Who Loves Me)" was written by George Merrill and Shannon Rubicam, who wrote Houston's 1985 song "How Will I Know". The duo sent a copy of the lyrics of this song to Arista Records, but they did not approve it, saying it was not right for Houston.

When the single came out, it received mixed reviews with many critics saying it sounded like Cyndi Lauper's "Girls Just Want to Have Fun".

On July 28, 1987, the single was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and re-certified Platinum. This made it Houston's first single to do this.

The single sold over 14 million copies worldwide. After Houston's death, the single returned to the Billboard Hot 100 debuting at number 35 the same week "I Will Always Love You" re-entered at number 7, giving Houston two posthumous Top 40 hits.

Didn't We Almost Have It All

"Didn't We Almost Have It All" is a 1987 song by American singer Whitney Houston and was taken from her second studio album "Whitney". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 2 in Canada, number 4 in Ireland, number 12 in Spain, number 14 in the United Kingdom, number 16 in Belgium, number 17 in the Netherlands and number 20 in Germany.

I Learned from the Best

"I Learned from the Best" is a 1999 song by American singer Whitney Houston and is the fifth and final single from her fourth studio album "My Love Is Your Love" (1998). It went to number 1 in Romania, number 6 in Finland, number 8 in Spain, number 10 in Hungary, number 15 in the Czech Republic, number 18 in Ireland, number 19 in the United Kingdom, number 23 in Sweden and number 27 in the United States.

Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies

The Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies, or the Geneva Graduate Institute (), abbreviated IHEID, is a postgraduate school. It is located in Geneva, Switzerland.

Seillons-Source-d'Argens

Seillons-Source-d'Argens is a commune of 2,492 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Signes

Signes is a commune of 2,927 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Sillans-la-Cascade

Sillans-la-Cascade is a commune of 745 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Solliès-Pont

Solliès-Pont is a commune of 11,762 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Solliès-Toucas

Solliès-Toucas is a commune of 5,753 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Solliès-Ville

Solliès-Ville is a commune of 2,526 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Tanneron

Tanneron is a commune of 1,671 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Taradeau

Taradeau is a commune of 1,784 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Tavernes

Tavernes is a commune of 1,405 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Le Thoronet

Le Thoronet is a commune of 2,552 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

It is known for the romanesque Le Thoronet Abbey which was built in the 12th and 13th century.

Tourrettes, Var

Tourrettes is a commune of 2,877 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Slippery When Wet

Slippery When Wet is the third studio album by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and was released on August 18, 1986 by Mercury Records in North America and Vertigo Records internationally. It topped the album charts in Australia, Canada, Finland, New Zealand, Norway, Switzerland and the United States. It went to number 2 in Austria, number 3 in Sweden, number 5 in the Netherlands, number 6 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Japan and number 11 in Germany.

New Jersey (album)

New Jersey is the fourth studio album by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and was released on September 19, 1988 through Mercury Records. It topped the album charts in Australia, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. It went to number 2 in Japan, number 4 in Germany and Norway and number 5 in Austria.

Keep the Faith

Keep the Faith is the fifth studio album by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and was released on November 3, 1992 through Mercury Records. It topped the album charts in Australia, Finland and the United Kingdom. It went to number 2 in Austria and Germany, number 3 in Hungary, Japan, the Netherlands, Sweden and Switzerland, number 5 in the United States, number 7 in Norway, number 9 in Canada and number 15 in New Zealand.

Have a Nice Day (Bon Jovi album)

Have a Nice Day is the ninth studio album by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and was released on September 20, 2005 through Island and Mercury Records. It topped the album charts in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands and Switzerland. It went to number 2 in Spain, the United Kingdom and the United States, number 3 in Sweden, number 4 in Finland and Italy and number 5 in Belgium.

Tourtour

Tourtour is a commune of 585 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Tourves

Tourves is a commune of 5,042 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Tourves is twinned with:

Trans-en-Provence

Trans-en-Provence is a commune of 5,947 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Trigance

Trigance is a commune of 203 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Le Val, Var

Le Val is a commune of 4,292 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Varages

Varages is a commune of 1,176 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

La Verdière

La Verdière is a commune of 1,603 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Vérignon

Vérignon is a commune of 9 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Vidauban

Vidauban is a commune of 12,616 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Villecroze

Villecroze is a commune of 1,466 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Vinon-sur-Verdon

Vinon-sur-Verdon is a commune of 4,248 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Vins-sur-Caramy

Vins-sur-Caramy is a commune of 963 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Perinaldo

Perinaldo is a "comune" in the Province of Imperia in the Liguria region in Italy.

The 17th-century Italian naturalised French astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini was born here.

Perinaldo is twinned with:


Graçay

Graçay is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in central France. In 2019, 1,432 people lived there.

Groises

Groises is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in central France. In 2019, 133 people lived there.

Gron, Cher

Gron is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in central France. In 2019, 458 people lived there.

Ivoy-le-Pré

Ivoy-le-Pré is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in central France. In 2019, 790 people lived there.

Scalenghe

Scalenghe is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Scalenghe is twinned with:

Scarmagno

Scarmagno is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Santena

Santena is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Achenheim

Achenheim (Alsatian: Àchene) is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Albé

Albé is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Alteckendorf

Alteckendorf (Alsatian: Àltackedorf) is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Jacob Breuer

Jacob Breuer or Yaakov Bar-Or (Hebrew: יעקב בר-אור) was born to his parents Jenny and Isaac Breuer in Germany. He studied law in Germany and became a successful attorney. Later, he later Israel and took the name "Yaakov Bar-Or".

Breuer came to Israel in the 1930s and became a lawyer in 1943. In 1959, Jacob was appointed District Attorney General in Tel Aviv. That same year he was appointed Israeli delegate to the United Nations and sat on the committee for human rights. In 1961 Breuer was assistant prosecutor in the trial of Adolf Eichmann.

He died in 2008 in Jerusalem at the age of 92.

Zhangixalus suffry

The Suffry red-webbed tree frog or Bordeloi's tree frog ("Zhangixalus suffry") is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: the Suffry tea estate in India. People think it could live in Bhutan too.

New York Liberty

The New York Liberty are an American professional basketball team. The team is based in Brooklyn, a place in New York City. The Liberty play basketball in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). They are in the WNBA's Eastern Conference. The team was made in 1997. It is one of the eight original WNBA teams. When they play basketball in Brooklyn, the Liberty play at Barclays Center.

As of 2023, the Liberty have been to the WNBA Playoffs seventeen times. They have been to the WNBA Finals four times. In 1997, 1999, and 2000, they lost the Finals to the Houston Comets. In 2002, they lost to the Los Angeles Sparks. The team has never won a WNBA Final. 

Art of Love (song)

"Art of Love" is a 2009 song by Australian singer Guy Sebastian featuring Jordin Sparks. It is the second single from his fifth studio album "Like It Like That". It went to number 7 in New Zealand and number 8 in Australia.

Le Val

Le Val may refer to these places in France: 


Curious Pictures

Curious Pictures was a American animation studio that produced "" for Cartoon Network and "Team Umizoomi" for Nick Jr..

Jacques d'Arc

Jacques d'Arc was a farmer who was the father of Joan of Arc. 
Jacques died from a unknown illness 1440.

Isabelle Romée

Isabelle d'Arc (née Isabelle Romee {unverified} also known as Isabelle de Vouthon and Ysabeau Romee; 137728 November 1458) was the mother of Joan of Arc. Besides her she had four other children. On November 28, 1458, she died near Orleans in France.

Josef Adelbrecht

Josef Adelbrecht (8 January 1910 – 15 September 1941) was an Austrian football player at the position of a striker.
Josef Adelbrecht began his professional career at Vienna in 1928. The striker won the Austrian Cup (1929, 1930) and the championship (1931, 1933) twice with Döblinger. His greatest success was winning the Mitropacup, the forerunner of today's European Cup, in 1931. In the final Josef Adelbrecht scored a goal to win 2:3 in the first leg in Zurich against Wiener AC . Vienna also won the second leg on the Viennese Hohe Warte. In 1934 Josef Adelbrecht decided to go to France. There he was rarely used at Racing Club de Paris. He left the club in 1935. He then worked in Switzerland at the Grasshopper Club Zurich.

After a year and a half abroad, Josef Adelbrecht returned to Vienna in January 1936 . Then he played for FK Austria Wien for a season and a half. In 1937 he moved to SK Rapid Wien. This season he was able to become Austrian champion for the third time with Rapid. In the years that followed, the striker played a few more games for Austro Fiat, Red Star Vienna and Floridsdorfer AC .
In March 1940 he was drafted into the Wehrmacht. On 15 September 1941 he was killed during the invasion of Russia at Ivashkovo, about a hundred kilometers northwest of Moscow. 


Tīrau

Tīrau is a small town in the Waikato Region, New Zealand. It has a population of 804, in Maori language Tirau means place of Cabbage Trees. It has a primary school and has three major intersections with State Highway 1 going to Tokoroa and Taupō, State Highway 5 going to Rotorua and State Highway 27 to Matamata. The town was originally named Oxford before it renamed Tirau in 1896.

Happier (Marshmello and Bastille song)

"Happier" is a 2018 song by American DJ Marshmello and British band Bastille. It peaked at number two in Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States. It went to the top ten in Austria, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Germany, Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Slovakia, Sweden and Switzerland.

HV 986

HV 986 (also known as WOH S368) is a red supergiant variable star, it is 867 times larger than the radius of the Sun. It is located in the Large Magellanic Cloud in the constellation of Dorado. It has a spectral type of M4I C. It has an effective temperature of 3,861 K. The radial velocity of HV 986 is 280 km/s.

Altenheim

Altenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is not be confused with the German village of the same name, part of the municipality Neuried in the state of Baden-Württemberg.

Neuried

Neuried is a municipality in Ortenaukreis in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Young and Wild (1958 movie)

Young and Wild is a 1958 crime movie directed by William Witney and starring Gene Evans, Scott Marlowe, Robert Arthur, Tom Gilson, Ken Lynch, Morris Ankrum, John Zaremba. It was distributed by Republic Pictures.

Altorf

Altorf (; Alsatian: Àldorf) is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Lingolsheim

Lingolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is a suburb of Strasbourg.

Altwiller

Altwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Andlau

Andlau is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Obernai

Obernai is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. In 2020, 12,015 people lived there.



Artolsheim

Artolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Aschbach, Bas-Rhin

Aschbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Asswiller

Asswiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Auenheim

Auenheim is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Rountzenheim-Auenheim.

Rountzenheim

Rountzenheim is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Rountzenheim-Auenheim.

Allenwiller

Allenwiller is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Sommerau.

Rountzenheim-Auenheim

Rountzenheim-Auenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Rountzenheim (the seat) and Auenheim.

Avolsheim

Avolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Baerendorf

Baerendorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Balbronn

Balbronn is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Baldenheim

Baldenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Barembach

Barembach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Barr, Bas-Rhin

Barr is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Batzendorf

Batzendorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Beinheim

Beinheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bellefosse

Bellefosse is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Mutzig

Mutzig is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Belmont, Bas-Rhin

Belmont is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Benfeld

Benfeld is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is on the river Ill.

Ersa (moon)

Ersa is a moon of the planet Jupier. It is also called Jupiter LXXI. Scott S. Sheppard discovered it on on 11 May 2018, using the 4.0- meter Victor M. Blanco Telescope at Cerro Tololo Observatory,Chile. This discovery was announced with other discoveries about Jupiter moons, on 17 July 2018 . The object got the temporary designation S/2018 J 1 by the Minor Planet Center, after observations were collected over a long enough time span to confirm its orbit. The satellite has been found in precovery observations as early as 6 August 2000.

Ersa is part of the Himalia group, a tight cluster of prograde irregular moons of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to Himalia at semi-major axes between 11-12 million km 6.8-7.5 million mi and inclinations between 26-31 . With an estimated diameter of 3 km 1.9 mi for an absolute magnitude ofr 15.9, it is one of the smallest known members of the Himalia group.

Berg, Bas-Rhin

Berg is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bergbieten

Bergbieten is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bernardswiller

Bernardswiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bernardvillé

Bernardvillé is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Under the Milky Way

"Under the Milky Way" is a 1988 song by Australian rock band The Church. It appears on their fifth studio album "Starfish". It went to number 22 in Australia, number 24 in the United States, number 25 in New Zealand, number 69 in Canada, number 70 in the Netherlands and number 90 in the United Kingdom. It has been covered by Strawpeople and Sia.

Bernolsheim

Bernolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bischheim, Bas-Rhin

Bischheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Berstett

Berstett is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Berstheim

Berstheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Betschdorf

Betschdorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Güzel İstanbul

Güzel İstanbul is a sculpture made of concrete, located in Yildiz Park in Istanbul, Turkey. The statue shows a naked woman and was created by an artist named Gürdal Duyar.

In 1973, the Istanbul Municipality asked artists to create 20 sculptures to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Turkish Republic. Güzel Istanbul is one of these sculptures, and it shows a naked woman to represent the city. The base of the sculpture has pictures that represent the history of Istanbul.

Originally, Güzel Istanbul was placed at Karaköy Square. But some conservative politicians and media outlets said it was offensive and wanted it taken down. In March 1974, the sculpture caused a big argument in the government. After nine days of debate, Güzel Istanbul was removed and damaged on March 18th. It was left in Karaköy Square for over a month. Eventually, on May 2nd, the statue was moved to Yildiz Park and put back up on a temporary base. It still remains in Yildiz Park today, but nobody has fixed the damage done to it.<mapframe latitude="41.02365" longitude="28.97512" zoom="18" width="264" height="270" align="right" text="The sculpture was first placed in a spot that was formed like a triangle where two roads, Bankalar Caddesi and Kemeralti Caddesi, meet." />

In 1972, the governor's office in Istanbul created a group called the Board for the Celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Republic. The board was made to plan for the anniversary which would happen in the next year. The Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality, the Istanbul Fine Arts Academy, and the State College of Fine and Applied Arts worked together to make the Fine Arts Committee. This committee was part of the Board for the Celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Republic. The committee included Şadi Çalık, Mustafa Aslıer, and Hüseyin Gezer. They asked 50 artists to make sculptures to celebrate the anniversary. The sculptures were put in many places around Istanbul, like parks and squares.

There was not enough money to make 50 sculptures, so the number was changed to 20. The Board also made the qualifications to be a sculptor stricter. They only picked artists who lived in Istanbul and who had either won a state award or were well-known in the art world. This meant 30 artists were not able to participate. The artists that did participate included Kuzgun Acar, Tamer Başoğlu, Zerrin Bölükbaşı, Ali Teoman Germaner, Yavuz Görey, Zühtü Müritoğlu, Füsun Onur, Kamil Sonad, Nusret Suman, Seyhun Topuz and Gürdal Duyar.

The Fine Arts Committee did not tell the artists what kind of sculpture to make, so they could create something in their own unique style. The committee wanted the sculptures to be diverse and represent the different styles of sculpture in Turkey at the time. The artists were also not told where their sculptures would be placed. They could be put in a park, a square, or on the side of a road. The artists had to submit their ideas for the sculpture they wanted to make to the State Art and Sculpture Museum by 20 August 1973.

Gürdal Duyar submitted a sketch of a nude female figure which he named "Beautiful Istanbul" (Güzel Istanbul in Turkish) as his proposal. The board approved his proposal during a meeting attended by local government officials, and selected Karaköy Square as the location for the sculpture. The design and nudity of the sculpture were not considered problematic at any point during the selection process.

The sculpture is also known as Ah Güzel İstanbul ("Oh Beautiful Istanbul").

Gürdal Duyar's idea was to symbolize Istanbul through a sculpture of a naked woman whose arms were tied by a chain, which represented the defensive chain put up by the Byzantine Empire in 1453 to block the Ottoman fleet from entering the Golden Horn. The woman in the sculpture was trying to break free from the chains, which was supposed to represent the Ottoman conquest of Constantinople, which was later renamed Istanbul. Duyar explained that he associated his hometown, Istanbul, with the natural beauty of the female form.

In Duyar's final design, the female figure is depicted leaning slightly backwards with her arms wrapped behind her, and her head inclined backwards as she gazes at the sky. Her hands are bound by a chain, which is not visible from the front. The upper part of the sculpture sits on a decorated plinth adorned with reliefs of pomegranates, figs, honeysuckle, and a bee. According to Duyar, the pomegranates represent Istanbul's many legends, figs represent its divinity, honeysuckle represents its air, and the bee represents its population density, dynamism, and abundance. Apart from its historical and political significance, Duyar's work has also been interpreted as a universal representation of women's liberation. The sculpture, which used 7,000 kilograms (15,000 lb) of poured concrete, was 4.8 meters (15.7 ft) tall when it was first installed.

On March 10, 1974, Güzel İstanbul was installed in Karaköy Square, which is an open and busy area located near the northern end of Galata Bridge in Istanbul. The sculpture received a lot of attention and caused controversy. According to Ahu Antmen, the controversy was caused by the sculpture's placement in a crowded area. On the other hand, Onat Kutlar believed that the controversy was due to the sensuality or realism present in Duyar's sculptures, including Güzel İstanbul.

A media campaign against Güzel İstanbul started shortly after it was installed in Karaköy Square. For ten days, various newspapers described the sculpture as indecent and erotic. One newspaper, Sabah, even printed a front-page article on 21 March 1974 that accused the sculpture of corrupting the morals of Muslim Turks. This led to the sculpture becoming a topic of discussion in the government. Deputy-Prime Minister Necmettin Erbakan called the sculpture immoral and suggested its removal on 17 March. The Minister of the Interior, Oğuzhan Asiltürk, said that the sculpture was disgraceful to Turkish mothers and should be removed. The mayor of Istanbul, Ahmet İsvan, said he disliked the sculpture because he found it tasteless, not because it was a nude. The Governor of Istanbul, Namık Kemal Şentürk, stated that he could not judge the sculpture on an artistic level, but that it had been placed in the wrong location and thus had it removed.

The controversy over Güzel İstanbul led to a heated debate, with some Republican intellectuals and others defending the sculpture and arguing for its right to remain. However, the controversy also had political implications, almost leading to the collapse of Turkey's newly formed governing coalition. The CHP, the other party in the coalition, supported the National Salvation Party's position that the sculpture was indecent in order to avoid political conflict, despite this going against their own ethical values. Some scholars, such as Hüseyin Gezer, defended the sculpture, stating that there is a difference between a naked woman and a nude sculpture.

On the night of 18 March 1974, nine days after its installation, "Güzel İstanbul" was removed from Karaköy Square. In a midnight intervention, the sculpture was broken off its base and damaged: its arm was broken off. It was removed from the park and placed on a pile of sand near the Kumkapı municipal construction site. The front page of the newspaper "Milliyet" showed a photograph of people standing on top of the empty plinth on the night the sculpture was removed, as well as the rubble resulting from the plinth's destruction. An article in the newspaper "Sabah" stated the goal of their campaign to have the sculpture removed had been accomplished. This was countered by articles in the newspapers "Milliyet" and "Cumhuriyet", which described the sculpture's right to remain as a necessity for democracy.

Some Turkish intellectuals reacted to the events. Burhan Felek criticized the removal, saying a sculpture should not be removed just because a minister does not like it, and that there is not a referendum of beliefs for every issue. Melih Cevdet Anday criticized the government for choosing what the people should and should not like. Hıfzı Veldet Velidedeoğlu stated dominance of the mentality that puts forward religious conservative traditions in the context of fine arts would regress Turkey to a desert of bigotry. "Güzel İstanbul" was also defended by cartoonists and caricaturists such as , , Nejat Uygur, , Ferruh Doğan, and , who made cartoons commenting on its removal. One of the cartoons showed those that removed the sculpture as backwards and outdated, another criticized the politicization of art, and another criticized censorship; and others asked why fake issues were being made in the news.

Cartoonists and artists who opposed the removal wanted to protesting it by covering all sculptures in Istanbul in black cloth but they cancelled their protest. The removal from Karaköy Square was seen as being against freedom of expression in art; to protest this, the Association of Turkish Sculptors organized an exhibition around the theme of nudity to show that the creative will of artists would continue. Many sculptors participated in the show, including Füsun Onur.

The debate about "Güzel İstanbul" spread beyond Istanbul; provinces Manisa and Zonguldak offered to have "Güzel İstanbul" moved to their cities. "Güzel İstanbul" was one of 20 sculptures of which many others were damaged or removed.

On 20 March 1974, the Istanbul Public Prosecutors Office, considering the articles published about the sculpture in newspapers as charges, opened an inquiry to decide whether the sculpture was obscene. According to a news report, if the sculpture was found to be obscene, the 50th Anniversary Committee would face prosecution under articles 426 and 576 of Turkish law. Mustafa Aslıer, a member of the committee, reflected on the events that led to the removal of "Güzel İstanbul"; he had been implicated in the statements and publications by the press and the MSP that led to the charges.

On 3 May 1974, through the secret intervention of Bülent Ecevit, "Güzel İstanbul" was taken to Yıldız Park and left lying on its side underneath a tree. The move ended the heated political and public debate regarding the sculpture which had lasted almost two months, although "Güzel İstanbul" was left in an poor physical condition. In the subsequent months, photographs of the sculpture lying on its side in the park appeared; several newspapers published opinion pieces — including articles by Burhan Felek and Bedi Faik — describing the sculpture being left in this state and asking why the process was disrespectful to the artwork and the artist. The statue was eventually mounted onto a new makeshift plinth without the motifs, all of which had been destroyed. , the sculpture stands in a small corner near the park's Ortaköy entrance. According to some press accounts, it has not been well maintained; parts of its concrete are crumbling and its inner structure is exposed.

Gürdal Duyar, the sculptor of "Güzel Istanbul", said little about the statue's fate and did not participate in the controversy. In 1995, Turkish journalist Nebil Özgentürk asked Duyar about the repeated removals of the artist's work. Duyar said his role as the artist was limited to creation of sculptures, adding: "Our job is making sculptures; removing, breaking or changing their location is a different area of expertise".

In 2017, the Istanbul Municipality hid the sculpture by surrounding it with a fence made of saplings after parents had complained about it being visible from a nearby playground. After news of this censorship spread, a campaign on social media criticized the censorship and succeeded in having the saplings removed.



Bettwiller

Bettwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Biblisheim

Biblisheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bietlenheim

Bietlenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bilwisheim

Bilwisheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bindernheim

Bindernheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Birkenwald

Birkenwald is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Sommerau.

Words and Music (song)

"Words and Music" is a 1975 debut single by English singer Andy Gibb and is the B-side from his single "Westfield Mansions" was released in Australia as a double A-side. It went to number 29 in New Zealand and number 78 in Australia.

I Just Want to Be Your Everything

"I Just Want to Be Your Everything" is a 1977 song by English singer Andy Gibb and is the leading single from his debut studio album "Flowing Rivers". It went to number 1 in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile and the United States, number 2 in New Zealand, number 13 in Spain, number 24 in the Netherlands and number 26 in the United Kingdom. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1978.

Bischholtz

Bischholtz is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bischoffsheim

Bischoffsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Schönenberg, Baden-Württemberg

Schönenberg is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Tunau

Tunau is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Ibarra, Spain

Ibarra is a municipality in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

Torriglia

Torriglia is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in the Liguria region in Italy.

Sciolze

Sciolze is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Torre Canavese

Torre Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Trana

Trana is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Torre Pellice

Torre Pellice is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is the centre of the Waldensian church.

Pecco

Pecco is a "frazione" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont. On 1 January 2019, it was an independent comune merged with Alice Superiore and Lugnacco to form the new "comune" of Val di Chy.

Lugnacco

Lugnacco is a "frazione" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont. On 1 January 2019, it was an independent comune merged with Alice Superiore and Pecco to form the new "comune" of Val di Chy.

Val di Chy

Val di Chy is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It was created on 1 January 2019 from the former municipalities of Alice Superiore, Lugnacco and Pecco.

Usseaux

Usseaux is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Vaie

Vaie is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Bischwiller

Bischwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Wittlingen

Wittlingen is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Stabiae

Stabiae was a Ancient Roman settlement, about southwest of Pompeii. Like Pompeii, this seaside resort was largely buried by tephra ash in the 79 AD eruption of Mount Vesuvius, in this case at a smaller depth of up to five metres. It is only from Mount Vesuvius.

Stabiae is most famous for the Roman villas found near the ancient. They are some of the most stunning architectural and artistic remains from any Roman villas. They are the largest concentration of well-preserved, enormous, elite seaside villas found from the entire Roman world. The villas were on a 50 m high headland overlooking the Gulf of Naples. Although it was discovered before Pompeii in 1749, unlike Pompeii and Herculaneum, Stabiae was reburied by 1782 and so failed to establish itself as a destination for travellers on the Grand Tour.

Many of the objects and frescoes taken from these villas are now in the National Archaeological Museum of Naples.

There had already been a settlement there, before the Romans. The port of Stabiae already existed in the 6th century BC, but was much smaller than that of Pompeii. In 89 BC, Sulla descroyed much of Stabiae.Pliny the Elder repüorted that the city was rebuilt soon afterwards. According to him, it was a popular destination for wealthy Romans.

Zell im Wiesental

Zell im Wiesental is a town in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is in the Black Forest, on the river Wiese, 26 km northeast of Basel, and 32 km south of Freiburg.

The town is known for being the birthplace of Constanze Weber, wife of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.

Wieden (Lörrach)

Wieden is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Utzenfeld

Utzenfeld is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Dancer, Texas Pop. 81

Dancer, Texas Pop. 81 is a 1998 American comedy-drama movie directed by first time director Tim McCanlies. It stars Breckin Meyer, Peter Facinelli, Eddie Mills, Ethan Embry, Ashley Johnson, Patricia Wettig, Michael O'Neill, Eddie Jones, Wayne Tippit and Alexandra Holden. It was distributed by Tri-Star Pictures.


To Play Some Music

"To Play Some Music" is a 1975 debut single by Journey. It is the fourth track from their debut studio album "Journey" and was only single from the album. The album would peak at number 138 on the Billboard 200 chart.

Lights (Journey song)

"Lights" is a 1978 song by Journey and it was taken from their fourth studio album "Infinity". It was released as a single in 1993 as the live version from their box set album "Time³". It went to number 30 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart.

Ralph Boston

Ralph Harold Boston (May 9, 1939 – April 30, 2023) was an American track athlete who received three Olympic medals and became the first person to break the 27 feet (8.2 m) barrier in the long jump. He died on April 30, 2023, nine days before his 84th birthday.

Oplontis

Oplontis is an archeological site, south of Naples. The site is localted in modern-day Torre Annunziata. Like other sites in the region, it was destroyed by the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD. The excavated site comprises two Roman villas, the better-known of which is Villa A, the so-called Villa Poppaea.

Like the nearby towns of Pompeii and Herculaneum, Oplontis was buried in ash during the volcanic eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD. However, the force of the eruption was even stronger than at these cities as not only roofs collapsed, but walls and columns were broken and pieces thrown sideways.

The first villa, called villa A, or later Villa Poppea is very big and richly decorated. Domenico Fontana, descovered it in 1593 -1600 when he constructed the Sarno aqueduct. The oldest part of this villa date to around 50 BC. The villa was badly< damged in the AD 62 Pompeii earthquake, and later rebuilt. When Vesivius eruped in 79 Ad,Villa A was problably still being rebuilt. Very likely, no one lived there.

A second villa, Villa B, was discovered in 1974, east of Villa A, during the construction of a school. The villa was partially excavated until 1991.

In contrast to the sumptuously decorated Villa Poppaea, Villa B is much smaller and has buch less decoration. Villa B is a rustic, two-story structure with many rooms left unplastered and with tamped earth floors. The structure's plan reveals a central courtyard surrounded by a two-story peristyle of Nocera "tufa" columns. Nevertheless, more than seventy rooms were found on both ground and second-story levels. On the ground floor all four sides of the courtyard have barrel-vaulted rooms in "opus incertum" and "opus reticulatum".

A bronze seal bearing the name of L. Crassius Tertius was found at the site.

It was built at the end of the 2nd c. BC. The complex was part of a wider settlement built before the construction of neighbouring Villa A.

This villa was not deserted at the time of the eruption: the remains of 54 people were recovered in one of the rooms of the villa. Therse people died in the surge that hit Oplontis. They were split into two groups, one group with fine jewellery, silverware, and coins and another one without. 

Recent archaeology has shown that it suffered unique type of destruction because of its proximity to the sea, different from Pompeii or Herculaneum. The volcanic eruption generated a pyroclastic flow that sped down the mountain toward Oplontis. The impact of the flow on the sea surface led to a type of ""tsunami"" which caused the violent entry and deposition of a water-heavy layer in the barrel-vaulted rooms (similar to the deposit that buried the skeletons on the shore of Herculaneum). The people sheltering at Oplontis died beneath a mixed mass of superheated gas, ash, and water. The impact of the wave probably also caused the collapse of the barrel-vaults.

Some of the rooms seem to have been used for manufacturing, and others were storerooms, while the upper floor contained the living quarters of the house. These circumstances, along with more than 400 "amphorae" recovered in the excavations, indicate the property was devoted to the production of wine, oil, and agricultural goods. The discovery of a series of weights seems to confirm this; a bronze seal found at the site preserved the name of "Lucius Crassius Tertius". This was probably its last owner.

The southern part of the upper floor is perhaps the owner's living quarters, as some rooms are decorated with paintings in the "Fourth Style", and there is also a rare example of a second style painting from the Republican era.

A rare very ornate strongbox was found in the peristyle, perhaps fallen from the upper floor, containing over 200 coins, jewellery, and a seal ring. It was finely decorated with inlay in silver, copper, and gilded bronze typical of late Hellenistic design, and it had a complex locking system that was still used in the 19th century.

A sophisticated water drainage system was added late in the villa's history. At the north of the site the ground floor rooms were reconfigured and the street repaved.


Make It with You

"Make It with You" is a 1970 song by American band Bread. It was taken from their second studio album "On the Waters". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 2 in Canada, number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 6 in New Zealand, number 7 in Australia and number 10 in Ireland. It was their only number 1 song in the United States.

Marie Neurath

Marie Neurath (27th May 1898 - 10. October 1986, aged 87) was a German Illustrator. Before marrying, she was called "Marie Reidemeister". Neuratrh studied mathemathics and physics, in Göttingen. She also went to an art shool. She met Otto Neurath, and became his assistant in Vienna, before marrying him. The Dollfuss regime closed the instutue, and the couple fled to the Netherlands, and then to England. 

Today, Neurath is mostly credited for starting Isotype. Isotype is a standarized system of illustrations, called pictograms. There are rules, how to combine these pictugrams, called a grammar. Neurath founded the Isotype institute with her husband in 1942. She continued it, until the 1970s, after her husband died in 1945. She also wrote some children's books, where she used illustrations toeducate the childrten.

Isotype was originally developed to illustrate statistics, and to make them easier to understand.

Shah Idrees (artist)

Shah Idrees is a Kashmiri actor and model known for his work in the Indian entertainment industry. He was born on February 25th, 2005, in Lolab Kupwara, Kashmir. Idrees began his career in the entertainment industry as a television actor before moving into the music industry and later making his debut in Bollywood. He is known for his romantic and villainous roles and has been recognised for his work both in India and overseas.

Shah Idrees was born into a Muslim family in Lolab Kupwara, Kashmir, to Ali Muhammad, a police officer, and Mumtaza Beagum. Idrees began his career in the entertainment industry as a television actor before moving on to the music industry. His album "Malanga" has over 1.5 million views on YouTube, and his song "Wadas Wafa" has over 6.3 lakh views and was the first Kashmiri song to be captured in Dubai. In 2022, Idrees made his Bollywood debut with "Malanga," which won the prestigious Dada Saheb Phalke Award. He has also worked with brands such as Amazon and Flipkart and is considered the most successful Kashmiri star in the world today.


Zhangixalus yinggelingensis

The Yinggelin tree frog ("Zhangixalus yinggelingensis") is a frog. It lives in the Yinggeling Mountains in Hainan Province, China. People have only seen it more than 1300 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in a type of forest called primary rainforest.

The adult male frog is about 43.4 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog is green in color with white spots. There is webbed skin on the front feet and back feet. The inner parts of the legs are yellow or reddish in color. The iris of the eye is silver in color with some gold color on the top. The frog sounds like "Auuu" when it sings.

The name "Yinggelin" means "Mountain of parrots" in Chinese.

Ride Like the Wind

"Ride Like the Wind" is a 1980 debut single by Christopher Cross. It is the leading single from his debut studio album "Christopher Cross". It went to number 2 in the United States, number 3 in Canada, number 25 in Australia, number 31 in New Zealand and number 69 in the United Kingdom. The single is dedicated to singer Lowell George who died in 1979. It was covered by East Side Beat and Laurent Wéry.

Sailing (Christopher Cross song)

"Sailing" is a 1980 song by Christopher Cross. It is the second single from his debut studio album "Christopher Cross". It topped the single charts in both the United States and Canada and made number 8 in New Zealand and number 48 in the United Kingdom. It won 3 Grammy Awards in 1981.

Never Be the Same (Christopher Cross song)

"Never Be the Same" is a 1980 song by Christopher Cross and is the third single from his debut studio album "Christopher Cross". It went to number 15 in the United Kingdom, number 12 in Canada, number 41 in New Zealand, number 25 in Ireland and number 42 in Australia.

All Right

"All Right" is a 1983 song by Christopher Cross and is the leading single from his second studio album "Another Page". It went to number 12 in the United States, number 51 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Italy and Canada, number 44 in New Zealand, number 5 in Switzerland and Norway, number 4 in Sweden, number 16 in the Netherlands and number 14 in Ireland.


Think of Laura

"Think of Laura" is a 1983 song by Christopher Cross and was taken from his second studio album "Another Page". It went to number 9 in the United States and was his last top 10 single to date and was used in the ABC soap "General Hospital". It was covered by Boyz II Men as a tribute to singer Aaliyah.

Caught Up in the Rapture

"Caught Up in the Rapture" is a 1986 song by Anita Baker and taken from her second studio album "Rapture". It went to number 37 in the United States and number 51 in the United Kingdom.

Same Ole Love (365 Days a Year)

"Same Ole Love (365 Days a Year)" is a 1987 song by Anita Baker and is the third single from her second studio album "Rapture". It went to number 44 in the United States and number 6 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary charts.

Body and Soul (Anita Baker song)

"Body and Soul" is a 1994 song by Anita Baker and is the leading single from her fifth studio album "Rhythm of Love". It went to number 36 in the United States, number 48 in the United Kingdom and Scotland and number 14 in the Netherlands. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1995.

Zhangixalus pinglongensis

The Pinglong tree frog ("Zhangixalus pinglongensis") is a frog. Scientists have seen it in Guangxi Province, China. People have seen it between 1500 and 2000 meters above sea level. It lives in evergreen forests. Scientists think it might also live in Vietnam.

The adult male frog is about 32.0-38.5 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin on the frogs back is smooth and green with white blotches. The iris of the eye is silver in color. The undersides of the feet are bright tangerine orange in color.

Lonely Boy (Andrew Gold song)

"Lonely Boy" is a 1977 song by Andrew Gold. It was taken from his second studio album "What's Wrong with This Picture?". It went to number 7 in both the United States and Canada, number 40 in New Zealand, number 11 in the United Kingdom and number 32 in Australia. It was his biggest hit in the United States.

Thank You for Being a Friend

"Thank You for Being a Friend" is a 1978 song by Andrew Gold and is taken from their third studio album "All This and Heaven Too". It went to number 7 in Canada, number 25 in the United States, number 42 in the United Kingdom and number 58 in Australia. It was the theme song the NBC hit series "The Golden Girls".

Never Let Her Slip Away

"Never Let Her Slip Away" is a 1978 song by Andrew Gold and it is taken from his third studio album "All This and Heaven Too". It went to number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 67 in the United States, number 2 in Ireland, number 60 in Canada and number 23 in the Netherlands. It was covered by dance group Undercover in 1992.

Charles Lee (general)

General Charles Lee was a man from England who moved to Virginia in 1773. Lee became a soldier in the American Revolution and tried to become the leader even though George Washington got that job instead. General Lee won his early fights but then lost the Battle of Monmouth and was fired from the army. Lee died of tuberculosis in 1782.

In the 1850s, some historians started to think that Lee had committed treason by secretly helping the British against the Revolution. 

In the television show Turn, Lee is a spy for the British Empire and in Hamilton, Lee fights a duel against John Laurens.

Minnesota Lynx

The Minnesota Lynx are an American professional basketball team. They are based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The Lynx play basketball in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). They are in the WNBA's Western Conference. When they play basketball in Minneapolis, the Lynx play at Target Center. The team won the 2011, 2013, 2015, and 2017 WNBA Championships.

The team was made in 1999. It is one of the eight original WNBA teams. The Lynx are related to the Minnesota Timberwolves, a basketball team in the NBA. The team has had many good basketball players, such as Lindsay Whalen, Rebekkah Brunson, Seimone Augustus, and Teresa Edwards.

Rebecca Forstadt

Rebecca Forstadt, also credited as Reba West, is an American voice actress best known for voicing young sounding characters in various animated series, she is also probably best known for voicing Little Miss Giggles on The Mr. Men Show and is also best known for voicing Lynn Minmei in the English-language dub of Robotech.

Lindsay Crocker

Lindsay Mervyn Crocker was born 16 May, 1958 in Taumarunui and died 7 May, 2023. He was a New Zealand cricketer who played 54 first class matches for Northern Districts in the Plunket Shield during the 1980s. He was involved in administration with Auckland and New Zealand cricket.

Roger Hargreaves

Charles Roger Hargreaves (9 May 1935 – 11 September 1988) was an English children’s author and illustrator. He is best known for creating The Mr. Men book series, which became very successful shortly after it’s release. The first book in the series, Mr. Tickle, was published in August 1971. Hargreaves would pass away on 11 September 1988 at the age of 53 following a stroke. Shortly after his death, his son, Adam, would continue writing and illustrating the books (while signing in his father’s signature).

Advice for the Young at Heart

"Advice for the Young at Heart" is a 1990 song by British new wave band Tears for Fears and is the third single from their third studio album "The Seeds of Love". It went to number 15 in Ireland, number 22 in the Netherlands, number 25 in Canada, number 31 in France, number 34 in Belgium, number 36 in the United Kingdom, number 49 in Italy and number 89 in the United States.




GSC 02620-00648

GSC 02620-00648 is a binary star system in the constellation Hercules. The brighter and the primary star of the binary star system has an apparent magnitude of 12. The star is located about 1,660 light years away from us, and is about 1.18 times as massive as the Sun and 1.9 times larger than the Sun.

Kepler-69

Kepler-69 (also known as KOI-172, 2MASS J19330262+4452080 and KIC 8692861) is a G-type main sequence star that is similar to the Sun. It is located about 2,430 light years away from the Earth in the constellation Cygnus. It has a radius of 0.93 times smaller than the Sun. On April 18, 2013 It was announced that two exoplanets were found orbiting this star, but further studies have shown that the terrestrial planet Kepler-69c is not in the habitable zone and is more like Venus than Earth, making it a lifeless planet.

A Small Victory

"A Small Victory" is a 1992 song by Faith No More. It is the second single from their fourth studio album "Angel Dust". It went to number 11 in the Billboard Alternative Airplay, number 17 in Finland, number 29 in the United Kingdom and number 84 in Australia.

More (The Sisters of Mercy song)

"More" is a 1990 song by The Sisters of Mercy. It is the leading single from their third studio album "Vision Thing". It went to number 10 in Ireland, number 14 in Germany and the United Kingdom, number 41 in New Zealand and number 74 in Australia. It was covered by Meat Loaf in 2016.


Glentunnel

Glentunnel is a small town in the Selwyn District, New Zealand. It is situated 14.5 kilometers west of Darfield and 50 kilometers west of Christchurch on State Highway 77. It has a primary school. It suffered from damages in the 2010 Canterbury earthquake and was flooded in May 2021 when the Selwyn River burst its banks.

Kepler-69b

Kepler-69b is the closest planet of the Kepler-69 system. It is likely a hot super-Earth or mini-Neptune. It is 2.24 times the radius of the Earth and 4.48 times the diameter of the Earth.

Supreme (song)

"Supreme" is a 2000 song by Robbie Williams and is the third single from his third studio album "Sing When You're Winning". It topped the single charts in Hungary and Poland. It went to the top 20 in Australia, Austria, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Scotland, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

UK CD1 and cassette single

UK CD2

Australasian CD single

1992 Suusamyr earthquake

On August 19, 1992, a magnitude 7.5 occurred at 02:04 UTC in the border area of Kyrgyzstan. Maximum felt intensity of IX (Violent) on the Mercalli intensity scale. 75 peoples have died, including 14 peoples who were killed by landslides.

The earthquake ruptured an east-west-trending, south-dipping thrust fault in the Suusamyr Basin with the epicenter beneath the Aramsu Range.

The Kyrgyz government and international humanitarian organizations responded to the disaster by providing aid and assistance to the affected communities.

Sonny's Blues

"Sonny's Blues" is a story that James Baldwin wrote in 1957 and then re-released again in 1965. The story is about a black algebra teacher living in Harlem in the 1950s. He tells the story about his brother Sonny's drug problems, getting arrested, and then getting better. The story was first printed in Partisan Review.

"Sonny's Blues" is about two brothers, Sonny and the narrator. The story is told from the narrator's point of view. The story goes back and forth between the present and the past. The narrator is a math teacher, and he reads about Sonny's arrest for using drugs. He worries about Sonny and the boys in his class. Later, after the narrator's daughter dies, he decides to reach out to Sonny.

The story then goes back to when Sonny was a teenager and became obsessed with playing the piano. Sonny drops out of school to pursue his passion. Later, Sonny joins the Navy, and when he returns, he and the narrator have a poor relationship. In the present, the narrator realises that his unavailability in Sonny's life may have slowed Sonny's growth and decides to reconnect with him.

In the story, the narrator thinks about searching Sonny's room while his wife Isabel takes their kids to see their grandparents. However, he changes his mind when he sees Sonny performing in a revival meeting on the street below.

Later on, Sonny invites the narrator to watch him play in Greenwich Village. The narrator agrees and asks Sonny about his heroin addiction. Sonny explains that using drugs made him feel in control, but he wanted to escape from that life. At the jazz club, Sonny's playing is initially shaky, but he eventually wins over the crowd, including the narrator. They bond over a drink, and the narrator realises that music is how Sonny deals with his pain. However, the story ends with a symbol that suggests the brothers will face challenges in the future.



The story mentions a war a few times. It is not stated which war, it could either be the Second World War or the Korean War.


Instinct (song)

"Instinct" is a 1996 song by Crowded House. It was taken from their 1996 greatest hits album "Recurring Dream". It went to number 7 in Scotland, number 12 in the United Kingdom, number 17 in New Zealand, number 68 in the United States and number 90 in Australia. It did not chart in the United States.

"Instinct" was released as a two CD set available separately. Disc one in a double case; disc two in a sleeve ready to insert the disc into the case with disc one. "Recurring Dream" originally from the film "Tequila Sunrise" and later released on Crowded House rarities album "Afterglow". "In the Lowlands" originally from "Temple of Low Men". "Chocolate Cake" features The Beatles song "Rocky Raccoon" as its intro. All songs written by Neil Finn unless otherwise indicated.

UK CD1

UK CD2

White Bird (movie)

White Bird is a 2023 American war drama movie starring Ariella Glaser, Gillian Anderson and Helen Mirren. It is directed by Marc Forster. It is based on the 2019 novel "" by R. J. Palacio. It is a prequel to the 2017 movie "Wonder".


Brigade of Gurkhas

The Brigade of Gurkhas are a specialised unit in the British Army. Members of the Brigade are recruited from Nepal to fight for the British Army. The brigade includes 2 infantry battalions, 1 engineer regiment, 1 communications regiment, 1 logistics regiment and 1 support regiment. As of 1st July 2023, the regiment was made up of 4,140 people. Gurkhas carry a Kukri for both tradition and combat and as a result it features on the cap badges of the brigade.

Tangled Up in Blue

"Tangled Up in Blue" is a 1975 song by Bob Dylan. It is the opening track to his 15th studio album "Blood on the Tracks". It went to number 31 in the United States after being released as a single. It was produced by David Zimmermann, Dylan's brother. It has appeared on numerous albums since its release.

Hugh I, Count of Ponthieu

Hugh I of Ponthieu, died 1000. He was also known as Hugo Miles.

He was chosen by Hugh Capet, duke of France (not yet king), to be "advocate of the abbey of Saint-Riquier and castellan of Abbeville". He also married Hugh Capet's daughter.

Hugh married 994 Gisèle Capet, daughter of Hugh Capet and Adelaide of Aquitaine. They had:

2007 Asian heat wave

The 2007 Asian heat wave affected South Asian countries like India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, and Nepal. It also affected Russia, Japan, and the People's Republic of China. The heat wave ran during the months of May and June. For Japan, it continued to September.

Canary melon

The Canary melon is a large, yellow melon with a pale green to white inner flesh. It has a sweet flavor, and it's slightly tangier than honeydews. The flesh looks like pear flesh but is softer.

Its name comes from the yellow color, which looks like a canary.

Wing on wing

Wing on wing designates a sail position in boats with sloop rigging, running "downwind", when the jib is held out by a spinnaker pole to catch more wind on the opposite side of the main sail.

Is a term used to define in fore-and-aft-rigged sailboat, when sailing directly away from the wind, with the sails set on opposite sides of the vessel with its foresail and mainsail opened to a 180-degree angle (e.g. with the mainsail to port and the jib to starboard) so as to maximize the amount of canvas exposed to the wind. 

The position of the boom is decisive for the avoidance rules . If possible, the main boom will therefore be left on the port side - otherwise every other sailing ship has to be avoided

The English term "´Goosewing" is also common for this sail position.


Solarisbank

Solaris SE is a Berlin-based fintech company that provides a banking-as-a-service platform with its German banking license. It was founded in 2015 as part of Finleap and launched in March 2016. The company has partnerships with MasterCard and has raised funds from various investors. Solarisbank offers banking service modules for digital companies and financial services startups. In January 2022, the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) of Germany ordered a special audit due to organizational deficiencies.

Gliese 229

Gliese 229 (also designated as Gl 229 or GJ 229) is a binary system that has a red dwarf and the first brown dwarf discovered by astronomers. It is located 18.8 light years away in the constellation Lepus. The main star of the binary system has 58% of the mass of the Sun, 69% of the Sun's radius, and a very low projected rotation velocity of 1 km/s at the stellar equator.

The star sometimes randomly gets brighter in luminosity because it is a low activity flare star, which means there is magnetic activity on its surface that causes it to get randomly brighter. It gives off light in the H and K bands due to calcium. It also gives off X-rays from its corona, caused by the interaction between magnetic loops and the gas in its outer atmosphere. There are no large spots on the star that have been detected.

The star is moving through space with a velocity of +12 km/s in the U direction, –11 km/s in the V direction, and –12 km/s in the W direction. Its path around the Milky Way is a little bit squashed, with an eccentricity of 0.07. Its orbit is also tilted just a little bit, with an inclination of 0.005.

AMC Pacer

The AMC Pacer is a small car made by American Motors, it was made from 1975-80. 

AMC Spirit

The AMC Spirit is a compact car sold by American Motors Corporation from 1979-83. it was a revised version of the 1977 Hornet hatchback. 
Tompouce

A tompouce or tompoes is a pastry often eaten in the Netherlands or Belgium. It is named after Admiraal Tom Pouce, the stage name of a Frisian actor with dwarfism called Jan Hannema. The tompoes is a different form of a mille-feuille, otherwise known as a Napoleon.

The first tompouce was made by a baker in Amsterdam in 1858. The actor it was named after had gotten his name from another actor, Charles Sherwood Stratton. Stratton called himself Tom Thumb, the literal translation of Tom Pouce. Tom Thumb is a fairy tale about a small man.

The tompouce is often associated with the day the people of the Netherlands celebrate the birthday of their monarch (In Dutch: "Koningsdag"; King's Day). The colour of the icing on top of the pastry is changed for this event. The icing is normally pink, but it is changed to orange. Orange is the national colour of the Netherlands. The orange tompouce is also eaten during large events the Netherlands takes part in, such as the FIFA World Cup. 

The tompouce is known for being difficult to eat. When you try to put a fork in it, the cream on the inside tends to spill out. Because of this, the Dutch have come up with many different ways to eat the pastry.

Zhangixalus hongchibaensis

The Wuxi tree frog ("Zhangixalus hongchibaensis") is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Hongchiba in Wuxi County. This is in Chongqing Province, China. People have seen it 1747 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 46.5–49.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 55.3 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is light green in color with yellow spots. The spots have dark edges. It has short front legs. There is light red color on the bottoms of the back legs. There is brown color on the toes. The insides of the back legs are white with brown spots.

Scientists named this frog "hongchibiensis" after the place where they found it: Hongchiba. Honchiba is the largest alpine grassland in China.

Theloderma

Theloderma, the bug-eyed frogs, mossy frogs, or warty frogs, is a genus of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae, subfamily Rhacophorinae. They live in northeastern India and southern China, through Southeast Asia, to the Greater Sunda Islands; the highest species richness is in Indochina. Some species, especially "T. corticale", can live in captivity, with humans.

They are small and medium-sized frogs with maximum snout–vent lengths that range from . Their skin can be smooth or it can have warts or bumps on it. Some of the species look very different from each other, but most have good camouflage: Their colors make them look like plants or bird droppings so that animals that want to eat them cannot see them.

Scientists do not know much about what these frogs do, but they eat small animals without bones, for example insects. Scientists have seen some of these species lay eggs in small pools of water in holes in trees, in bamboo, or in karst rocks. The female lays 4–20 eggs just above the water. After about one to two weeks they hatch into tadpoles that fall into the water. They become small frogs after a few months or a year.

The sister taxon of "Theloderma" is "Nyctixalus". Scientists have changed their minds about exactly which species should be in the genus "Theloderma" and which in "Nyctixalus", especially with "Theloderma moloch". Today both AmphibiaWeb and Amphibian Species of the World say the two genera are both good.

Amphibian Species of the World says there are 26 species in the genus "Theloderma":


Los Angeles Sparks

The Los Angeles Sparks are an American professional basketball team. They are based in Los Angeles, California. The Aces play basketball in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). They are in the WNBA's Western Conference. The team was made in 1997. It is one of the eight original WNBA teams. The Sparks are not related to any NBA teams, such as the Los Angeles Lakers or Clippers. When they play basketball in Los Angeles, the Sparks play at Crypto.com Arena.

As of 2023, the Sparks have been to the WNBA Playoffs twenty times. They have been to the WNBA Playoffs more times than any other team. Many good basketball players have been on the Sparks, such as Candace Parker and Tina Thompson. In 2001, 2002, 2003, 2016 and 2017, the Sparks went to the WNBA Finals. They won in 2001, 2002, and 2016. In 2001, they beat the Charlotte Sting. In 2002, they beat the New York Liberty. In 2016, they beat the Minnesota Lynx.

If (Bread song)

"If" is a 1971 song by American band Bread. It was taken from their third studio album "Manna". It went to number 4 in the United States, number 6 in Canada and number 41 in Australia. It was covered by Telly Savalas where it topped the single charts in the United Kingdom in 1975.

Baby I'm-a Want You (song)

"Baby I'm-a Want You" is a 1971 song by American band Bread and is the title track to their fourth studio album of the same name. It went to number 3 in the United States, number 5 in Canada, number 8 in Australia and number 14 in the United Kingdom.

The Guitar Man

"The Guitar Man" is a 1972 song by American band Bread and is the title track from their fifth studio album "Guitar Man". It went to number 6 in Canada, number 8 in New Zealand, number 11 in the United States, number 14 in Ireland, number 16 in the United Kingdom and number 22 in Australia.

Lost Without Your Love (song)

"Lost Without Your Love" is a 1976 song by Bread and is the title track to their sixth and final studio album "Lost Without Your Love". It went to number 9 in the United States, number 8 in Canada, number 19 in Australia, number 27 in the United Kingdom and number 23 in New Zealand.

Washington Mystics

The Washington Mystics are an American professional women's basketball team. They are based in Washington, D.C. The Mystics play basketball in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). They are in the WNBA's Eastern Conference. When they play basketball in Washington, the Mystics play at the Entertainment and Sports Arena. The team won the 2019 WNBA Championship.

The team was made in 1999. It is one of the eight original WNBA teams. The Mystics are related to the Washington Wizards, a basketball team in the NBA. As of 2023, the Mystics have been to the WNBA Playoffs thirteen times. The team has had many good basketball players, such as Elena Delle Donne and Chamique Holdsclaw. Delle Donne was the most valuable player in the WNBA two times. They have been to the WNBA Finals two times. They went in 2018 and 2019. In 2018, they lost to the Seattle Storm. In 2019, they won the WNBA Championship.

Burkholderia

Burkholderia is a genus of "Pseudomonadota". These bacteria are gram-negative and they are aerobic (require oxygen to grow). They are rod-shaped and are motile, moving using a single or many flagella (tails), except for "", which is not motile.

Some bacteria in this genus cause disease in humans and animals. "" causes , a disease mostly found in horses. "" must infect a host mammal to live and it is transmitted from one host to another. , typically found in soil and water, is a pathogen that may cause pulmonary infections in people with cystic fibrosis. "" mainly lives in soil and it can cause in humans through contact with contaminated soil or water. 

"Burkholderia" species are gram-negative bacteria. They are aerobic so require oxygen to grow.

Antibiotic resistance is a problem when treating "" and "" infections.

Burkholderia genus includes the following species:

Phoenix Mercury

The Phoenix Mercury are an American professional basketball team. They are based in Phoenix, Arizona. The Mercury play basketball in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). They are in the WNBA's Western Conference. When they play basketball in Phoenix, the Mercury play at the Footprint Center. The team won the 2007, 2009, and 2014 WNBA Championship.

The team was made in 1997. It is one of the eight original WNBA teams. As of 2023, the Mercury have been to the WNBA Playoffs fifteen times. In 1998, 2007, 2009, 2014, and 2021 the Mercury went to the WNBA Finals. They lost to the Houston Comets in 1998, and to the Chicago Sky in 2021. In 2007, they won against the Detroit Shock. In 2009, they won against the Indiana Fever. In 2014, they won against the Chicago Sky.

Many good basketball players have been on the Phoenix Mercury, such as Brittney Griner, Diana Taurasi, and Candice Dupree. As of 2023, the team's coach is Vanessa Nygaard. Nygaard was a player for the New York Liberty from 1999 to 2003.

Castor (star)

Castor is the second brightest object in the zodiac constellation of Gemini. It has the Bayer designation α Geminorum, which is Latinised to Alpha Geminorum and shortened to Alpha Gem or α Gem. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 1.93, which makes it one of the brightest stars in the night sky. Castor appears as a single star to the naked eye, but it is actually a sextuple star system (six stars) organized into three binary pairs of stars designated Castor A, Castor B and Castor C, each containing two stars. Even though it is the 'α' (alpha) member of the constellation, it is fainter than 'β' (beta) Geminorum, Pollux.

Castor is a multiple star system made up of six different stars; there are three visual stars, all of which are spectroscopic binaries. Appearing as a single star to the naked eye, Castor was first recorded as a double star in 1718 by James Pound, but it may have been changed into at least two sources of light by Cassini as early as 1678. The separation between the binary systems Castor A and Castor B has increased from about 2″ (2 arcseconds of angular measurement) in 1970 to about 6″ in 2017.

Castor Aa and Ba both have orbits of a few days with a much fainter star.

Castor C, or YY Geminorum, was discovered to change in brightness with a regular period. It is an eclipsing binary with additional changes due to areas of different brightness on the surface of one or both stars, as well as irregular flares. The Castor C stars orbit in less than a day. Castor C is believed to be in a orbit around Castor AB, but with an extremely long period of several thousand years. It is 73″ distant from the bright stars in the system

The combined apparent magnitude of all six stars is +1.58.

Kepler-62

Kepler-62 is a K-type main sequence star that is smaller and colder than our Sun, it is 0.660 times smaller than the Sun and 726°C colder than the Sun. It located in the constellation Lyra about 980 light years away from us. The Kepler spacecraft that NASA's Kepler Mission used as a satellite found five planets orbiting around this star, and two of them are in the habitable zone, they are called Kepler-62e and Kepler-62f. The furthest planet from the star, called Kepler-62f, is most likely to be a rocky planet.

List of Thailand Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Twenty20 International cricketers who have played for Thailand after debuting in 2019.

The Everlasting (song)

"The Everlasting" is a 1998 song by Welsh band Manic Street Preachers and is the second single from their fifth studio album "This Is My Truth Tell Me Yours". It went to number 3 in Iceland, number 9 in Scotland, number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 22 in Ireland, number 47 in the Netherlands and number 88 in Germany.

All music was written by James Dean Bradfield and Sean Moore except where indicated. All were lyrics written by Nick Jones except where indicated.

CD single 1 (UK) 

CD single 2 (UK) 

CD single (EU) 

CD single (Australia) 

Cassette single

12-inch vinyl single 

About You Now

"About You Now" is a 2007 song by English band Sugababes. It was taken from their fifth studio album "Change". It went to number 1 in Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Scotland and the United Kingdom. It went to the top 20 in Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway and Slovakia. It also went to number 57 in Australia. It has been covered by Miranda Cosgrove for iCarly.


Glenelg Football Club

Glenelg Football Club, nicknamed the Tigers, is an Australian rules football club from Glenelg, a suburb of Adelaide. The club competes in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).

4 May 2023 Serbia shootings

On the evening of the 4 May 2023, eight people were killed in a drive-by shooting in Dubona and Šepšin, Serbia. Fourteen people were injured. The suspect is 21-year-old Serbian man Uroš Blažić.

Police found four bombs, a flare gun, a submachine gun, two silencers, a hunter's knife and ammunition in the house of the suspect's grandfather.

Serbian gun laws are strict however Serbia also has one of the world's highest gun ownership rates per person and the highest in Europe. In 2021, it was estimated that there was 39 owned guns every 100 people, Serbia was ranked third on this statistic, only behind the United States and Yemen. Along with a culture of gun ownership and many houses keeping war trophies, illegal weapons became widespread in certain countries in the Balkans following the Yugoslav wars in the 1990s.

Mass shootings are rare in Serbia and the rest of the Balkans. In the 21st century there were previously four mass shootings: the Jabukovac killings in which nine people were killed, the 2013 Velika Ivanča shooting in which 14 people were killed, the 2016 Žitište shooting in which five people were killed and the Belgrade school shooting that happened the day before, in which nine people were killed, leading the government to propose stricter gun laws.

Adam Hargreaves

Adam Hargreaves (born June 18, 1963), is an English author and illustrator best known for being the son of the late Roger Hargreaves, creator of the Mr. Men book series, continuing his late father’s successful book series. Adam reportedly served as inspiration for the series, when at 8 years old, he asked his father "what does a tickle look like?" his father was inspired by the question and drew what would become the first book of the series, Mr. Tickle, published in August 1971.

Imperial anthems of the Ottoman Empire

The Ottoman Empire used to have a different anthem for each ruler. The first Sultan that appeared to have a personal anthem was Mahmud II. He started reforms which included the modernization of Ottoman imperial and military bands. This process went to Italian-born composer Giuseppe Donizetti, who was also the composer of first Ottoman Imperial anthem – "Mahmudiye Marşı", and second – "Mecidyie Marşi". Mehmed VI, the last Ottoman sultan didin't choose a special march composed for him but rather chose to use the “Mahmudiye”.


Only the "Hamidiye Marşı" and "Reşadiye Marşı" used to have lyrics, the first three anthems were completly instrumental. The lyrics of the "Reşadiye Marşı" seem to have been lost to history.

Ey velîni'met-i âlem şehinşâh-ı cihan<br>
Taht-ı âlî baht-ı Osmaniye verdin izz ü şan<br>
Sâye-i lûtf-i hümayûnunla âlem kâm-ran<br>
Saltanatta çok zaman Sultan Hamid zevk et heman<br>
Çok yaşa ey padişahım devletinle çok yaşa<br>
Çok yaşa ey padişahım şevketinle çok yaşa<br>

Yah Mo B There

"Yah Mo B There" is a 1983 song by James Ingram featuring Michael McDonald and was taken from his debut studio album "It's Your Night". It went to number 19 in the United States and number 12 in the United Kingdom and Ireland and won a Grammy Award in 1985 for Best duo or group.

Mercury Cougar

The Mercury Cougar is a car sold by Mercury from 1967-2002. during it's life, it was a 2 door, 4 door, wagon, and convertible, and was a muscle car, a luxury car, and a compact car during it's lifespan.

It went over multiple changes over the years, such as becoming a personal luxury car, then a sporty compact car based on the European Ford Cougar.

1924 United States presidential election

The 1924 United States presidential election occurred on November 4, 1924. It was the 35th election in the history of the United States. The election was won by incumbent President Calvin Coolidge, who had been president since the death of Warren G. Harding in 1923.
Robert M. La Follette, the losing candidate from the Progressive Party, would be the last major third-party candidate in a presidential election as well as the last candidate from neither the Republicans nor Democrats to secure any electoral votes until George C. Wallace in 1968



Aston

Aston is an inner city area of Birmingham.

Aston was first mentioned in the Domesday Book in 1086. It was originally governed by its own council until it part of Birmingham in 1911.

Old buildings such as the Barton Arms and Aston Hippodrome became well known.

Mr. Tumnus

Mr. Tumnus is a fictional character in the "The Chronicles of Narnia" books. He is a faun from a magic place called Narnia. 

Uma Ukpai

Uma Ukpai (born on 7 January 1945) is a Nigerian religious figure known all over the world as an international Christian evangelist. He is married to Pastor Dr. Mrs Philomena Uma Ukpai.

Eupogonesthes

The Exotic snaggletooth (Eupogonesthes xenicus) is a species of barbeled dragonfish. It is the only species in the genus.

Cueretú language

Cueretú (Curetu) is an extinct language from the Amazon basin. It is a part of the Tucanoan language family. Not much is known about it.

Joe Davis

Joe Davis (15 April 1901 10 July 1978) was a British snooker player. He was born in Whitewell, Derbyshire, England. He died in Hampshire.

Davis was the world snooker champion from 1927 until his retirement in 1946. He turned professional in the year 1919. He scored 689 century breaks. He held the world title for a maximum break of 147.

Davis was awarded the order of the British Empire in 1963. He was known as the "grand old man". He was the world champion 15 times.

Lee Ving

Lee James Jude Capallero (born April 10, 1950), also known as Lee Ving, is an American guitarist, singer and actor. 

Ving is the frontman of the Los Angeles-based hardcore punk band Fear.

Queen's Service Medal

The Queen's Service Medal is a medal given by the government of New Zealand to recognize and reward people who help their communities. It was established in 1975. It replaced the Imperial Service Medal as an award of New Zealand.

Zhangixalus jodiae

Jodi's tree frog ("Zhangixalus jodiae") is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: a forest that is in Cao Ma and Ta Van in Ha Giang Province, Vietnam.

The adult male frog is about 36.1–39.8 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is green in color with no spots. The sides of the frog's body are cream-white in color. There is black color on the back legs and where the front legs meet the body.

Seattle Storm

The Seattle Storm are an American professional women's basketball team. They are based in Seattle, Washington. The Storm play basketball in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). They are in the WNBA's Western Conference. When they play basketball in Seattle, the Lynx play at Climate Pledge Arena. The team was made in 2000. The team won the 2004, 2010, 2018, and 2020 WNBA Championships.

As of 2023, the Storm have been to the WNBA Playoffs sixteen times. Many good basketball players have been on the Storm, such as Sue Bird, Breanna Stewart, and Lauren Jackson. The Storm are one of two WNBA teams who have never lost a WNBA Final. The other is the Houston Comets. However, the Comets are not a team anymore. In 2004, they beat the Connecticut Sun. In 2010, they beat the Atlanta Dream. In 2018, they beat the Washington Mystics. In 2020, they beat the Las Vegas Aces.

The Storm was related to the Seattle SuperSonics, a team in the NBA. However, the SuperSonics became the Oklahoma City Thunder in 2008.

Homework (album)

Homework is the first studio album by the French electronic music duo, Daft Punk.

Eastern Conference (WNBA)

The Eastern Conference of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) has six basketball teams in it.

The WNBA gave conference championship awards to the winners of the Conference Finals in the playoffs. They did this from 1998 to 2015 Conference championships were not awarded in the WNBA's first season (1997). The WNBA stopped doing this in 2016. 


Ini Edo

Ini Edo (born on 23 April 1982), also known as Iniobong Edo Ekim, is a Nigerian actress. She started acting in 2000 and has appeared in over 100 films since then. In 2013, she served as a judge for the Miss Black Africa UK Pageant. In 2014, the United Nations made her a United Nations Habitat Youth Envoy.

In April 2023, Ini Edo dismissed rumours of her alleged affair with fellow actress Empress Njamah's ex-boyfriend, George Wade.

Always on Your Side

"Always on Your Side" is a 2006 song by Sheryl Crow featuring Sting. It is the third single from fifth studio album "Wildflower". It went to number 2 in Canada, number 30 in Hungary and number 35 in the United States. It was nominated for a Grammy award in 2007.

Yellow Flicker Beat

"Yellow Flicker Beat'" is a 2014 song by New Zealand singer Lorde. It was released as a single to the "" soundtrack. It went to number 4 in New Zealand, number 16 in Hungary, number 21 in Canada, number 25 in Australia, number 27 in Switzerland, number 34 in the United States, number 35 in Austria, number 38 in Germany, number 54 in Scotland and number 71 in the United Kingdom.



AH Scorpii

AH Scorpii (shortened as AH Sco) is a red supergiant variable star in the constellation Scorpius. It is a very large star at 1,411 times the radius of our Sun and one of the most luminous stars of its type. It is one of the largest stars in the Milky Way.

SS&amp;C Technologies

SS&C Technologies Holdings is an American multinational holding company based in Windsor, Connecticut. It sells software and software as a service to the financial services industry and specializes in fund administration, wealth management accounting, and insurance and pension funds.

SS&C was founded in 1986 by William C. Stone, went through an IPO in 1996, was taken private in a leveraged buy-out in 2005, and went through a second IPO in 2010. In 2021, Mammoth Scientific selected SS&C as the administrator and technology partner for its $100 million venture capital fund, and Gordian Capital started using SS&C's Eze Investment Suite for its trading, portfolio, and risk management services. In May 2022, Liontrust Asset Management extended its mandate with SS&C. In June, SS&C released a new asset allocator platform for institutional investors. The company has numerous acquired subsidiaries, such as Advent Software, Varden Technologies, Eze Software, and Primatics Financial.

Dialer

A piece of software that allows people to connect to a phone number, for example over the internet, or by speaking a name or number into their mobile phone

Lynx Software Technologies

Lynx Software Technologies, Inc. is a California-based software company that specializes in secure virtualization and real-time operating systems (RTOS) for safety- and security-critical software systems. 

The company was founded in 1988 as Lynx Real-Time Systems and later merged with Integrated Software & Devices Corporation (ISDCorp) to become LynuxWorks in 2000. The company changed its name to Lynx Software Technologies in May 2014. Lynx's flagship RTOS is LynxOS, which is UNIX-compatible and POSIX-compliant. LynxOS-178 is a specialized version of LynxOS for avionics applications that require certification to industry standards such as DO-178B/C. Lynx's technology is used in medical, industrial, and communication systems around the world by companies such as Airbus, Bosch, General Dynamics, Lockheed Martin, Raytheon, Rohde and Schwartz, and Toyota. In early 2020, Lynx announced that its LYNX MOSA.ic software development framework was adopted by the TR3 modernization program for the Joint Strike Fighter. 

The F-35 Lightning II Program is the US Department of Defense's program for defining affordable next-generation strike aircraft weapon systems, intended to replace a wide range of existing fighter, strike, and ground attack aircraft for the United States, the United Kingdom, Italy, Canada, Australia, the Netherlands, and their allies.

Get Close

Get Close is the fourth studio album by The Pretenders. It was released on 20 October, 1986 through Sire Records. It went to number 2 in Iceland, number 6 in Sweden and the United Kingdom, number 7 in Finland, number 9 in Canada, number 12 in Australia, number 13 in New Zealand, number 18 in Norway, number 22 in Switzerland and the Netherlands, number 25 in the United States and number 33 in Germany.

Unit4

Unit4 is a company that makes software and provides services for businesses and organizations. They focus on areas like education, nonprofits, and public services. Their software helps manage things like finances and talent. They have offices in many countries around the world. 

The company started in 1980 and has gone through some changes over the years. In 1998, Unit4 was d listed on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange. In March 2014, Unit4 was acquired by international venture capital firm Advent International. They recently released a new software called ERPx for mid-sized organizations. In 2021, they were bought by a private equity firm for over $2 billion.

Jive Software

Jive Software is a company that provides communication and collaboration software for businesses. It was founded in 2001 and is now a part of Aurea Software. Jive has offices in many locations worldwide, including the US, Canada, the UK, Germany, Brazil, Israel, Australia, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, and France.

Jive had its IPO on the NASDAQ stock exchange in 2011, raising more money than planned. On February 10, 2015, Elisa Steele was named CEO. After a period of declining customer and revenue growth, Jive was acquired by Aurea in 2017 for $462 million in cash.

These Dreams

"These Dreams" is a 1986 song by American hard rock band Heart and is the third single from their eighth studio album "Heart". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 6 in Canada, number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Ireland, number 23 in Finland, number 27 in Australia and number 38 in the Netherlands.

Gypsy (Fleetwood Mac song)

"Gypsy" is a 1982 song by British American band Fleetwood Mac. It was taken from their 13th studio album "Fleetwood Mac". It went to number 12 in the United States, number 16 in Canada, number 17 in Australia, number 25 in Ireland, number 35 in Germany, number 42 in the Netherlands and number 46 in the United Kingdom. It did not chart in New Zealand.

Show Me Love (Robyn song)

"Show Me Love" is a 1997 song by Swedish singer Robyn. It was taken from her debut studio album "Robyn is Here". It went to number 2 in Canada, number 7 in the United States, number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in New Zealand, number 14 in Sweden, number 20 in Scotland, number 27 in the Netherlands, number 34 in Australia, number 36 in France and number 70 in Germany. It was used in the 1998 movie "Fucking Åmål".






"Side A"
"Side B"

"Side A"
"Side B"

Mohil

Mohil are a clan/Gotra of Yadavas British Historians H.A. Rose, Ibbetson and Maclagan have stated Mohals as a gotra of Yaduvanshi Ahirs.

Hoogland

Hoogland (in English; High land) is a district and a town in Amersfoort, The Netherlands. Until 1974, it was its own municipality, but it was taken over by Amersfoort.

"Het Hogeland" (In English; The high land) used to be the name for a larger piece of land around Hoogland. People lived here since at least the 8th century AD. People assume that they probably started working together in the 12th century. This resulted in many cooperations between farmers and the like.

Between 1811 and 1974, Hoogland was a municipality. This was because the French, who had taken over the Netherlands during this time, were changing the way the country was organised.

In 1967, it was revealed that Hoogland would be broken apart and would be given to two other municipalities, Amersfoort and Bunschoten. Not everyone was happy with this change. Many people from Hoogland wanted to stay independent. But their protests didn't manage to stop the change.

Hoogland is known for its farms and the people living there being close together. Every year, a festival is held so that people have the chance to chat and catch up with each other. It also entertains people and is known for it's horse races. Thousand of people visit this event every year,

Somewhat after World War II ended, in 1947, the first horse events, which featured horse racing, but also stunts and the like, started being held. A group called the JBTB continued hosting horse events. These events proved popular, the 40th yearly "Paardesportdag" (Horse sports day) managed to pull at least 5000 visitors in, with people from all around the region.

1971–72 Austrian Cup

The 1971-72 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions. In the event of a draw, overtime + penalty shootout. 
First round with teams from the Second League.

First round with teams from the first league.

bye: Wiener AC 

Gerald Fuchsbichler – Helmut Wallner, Stefan Vasgyura, Roland Gareis, Anton Auer, Anton Wustinger, Josef Schulz, Herbert Onger, Anton Herzog, Günther Happich, Günther Rinker<br> coach: Josef Argauer

Erwin Fuchsbichler – Ewald Ullmann, Günter Scheffl (63. Stanislaus Kastner), Norbert Hof, Erich Fak, Werner Walzer, Alois Jagodic, Rudolf Flögel, Clemens Kos (30. Jürgen Ey), Geza Gallos, Jörn Bjerregaard <br>coach: Ernst Hložek

Adolf Antrich – Ewald Ullmann, Günter Scheffl (105. Karl Müller), Egon Pajenk, Norbert Hof, Werner Walzer, Alois Jagodic, Rudolf Flögel, Bernd Lorenz, Clemens Kos (6. Jürgen Ey), Stanislaus Kastner<br> coach Ernst Hložek

Gerald Fuchsbichler – Anton Auer, Helmut Wallner, Stefan Vasgyura, Roland Gareis, Anton Wustinger, Herbert Onger (96. Ferdinand Janotka), Anton Herzog, Günther Happich, Günther Rinker, Johann Hörmayer<br> coach: Josef Argauer

Geza Gallos

Geza Gallos (7 September 1948 – 3 November 2013) was an Austrian footballer He played as a forward. Gallos played for different teams in Austria. He played most matches for SK Rapid Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
His career began at ASV Neufeld. In July 1968 he moved to SC Eisenstadt in the Austrian national league. After one yer he moved to SK Rapid Wien. Later he played for LASK and FC Admira Wacker Mödling. He completed 450 league games in Austria's top division and scored 104 goals. He ended his career with ASV Neufeld and ASV Hornstein.

Since 2015 ASV Neufeld has organized the international "Geza Gallos commemorative tournament" for youth teams every year.
He played 6 matches for Austria. He debuted on 4 April 1971 versus Hungary. His last match was on 8 June 1974 versus Italy.


Shepherd moon

A shepherd moon is a moon that orbits inside a planet's rings.

Saturn's Prometheus and Pandora moons

Strangelove (song)

"Strangelove" is a 1987 song by British band Depeche Mode and is the leading single from their sixth studio album "Music for the Masses". It went to number 2 in Finland, Germany and South Africa, number 3 in Denmark and Switzerland, number 5 in Ireland and Sweden, number 12 in Spain, number 14 in Italy, number 16 in the United Kingdom, number 25 in France, number 29 in Austria, number 30 in the Netherlands and number 38 in Hungary.

All tracks are written by Martin L. Gore.












Eagar, Arizona

Eagar is a town in Apache County, Arizona, United States.

Nahata Dziil, Arizona

Nahata Dziil, sometimes written Nahatadzill, is a Chapter situated in Apache County, Arizona, United States.

Huachuca City, Arizona

Huachuca City is a town in Cochise County, Arizona, United States.

Fredonia, Arizona

Fredonia is a town in Coconino County, Arizona, United States.

Tusayan, Arizona

Tusayan is a town in Coconino County, Arizona, United States.

Payson, Arizona

Payson is a town in Gila County, Arizona, United States.

Star Valley, Arizona

Star Valley is a town in Gila County, Arizona, United States.

Pima, Arizona

Pima is a town in Graham County, Arizona, United States.

Thatcher, Arizona

Thatcher is a town in Graham County, Arizona, United States.

Duncan, Arizona

Duncan is a town in Greenlee County, Arizona, United States.

Carefree, Arizona

Carefree is a town in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.

Cave Creek, Arizona

Cave Creek is a town in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.

Gila Bend, Arizona

Gila Bend is a town in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.

Guadalupe, Arizona

Guadalupe is a town in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.

Youngtown, Arizona

Youngtown is a town in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.

Colorado City, Arizona

Colorado City is a town in Mohave County, Arizona, United States.

Pinetop-Lakeside, Arizona

Pinetop-Lakeside is a town in Navajo County, Arizona, United States.

Taylor, Arizona

Taylor is a town in Navajo County, Arizona, United States.

Marana, Arizona

Marana is a town in Pima County, Arizona, United States.

Oro Valley, Arizona

Oro Valley is a town in Pima County, Arizona, United States.

Sahuarita, Arizona

Sahuarita is a town in Pima County, Arizona, United States.

Kearny, Arizona

Kearny is a town in Pinal County, Arizona, United States.

Mammoth, Arizona

Mammoth is a town in Pinal County, Arizona, United States.

Superior, Arizona

Superior is a town in Pinal County, Arizona, United States.

Patagonia, Arizona

Patagonia is a town in Santa Cruz County, Arizona, United States.

Camp Verde, Arizona

Camp Verde is a town in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States.

Chino Valley, Arizona

Chino Valley is a town in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States.

Clarkdale, Arizona

Clarkdale is a town in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States.

Dewey-Humboldt, Arizona

Dewey-Humboldt is a town in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States.

Jerome, Arizona

Jerome is a town in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States.

Retrograde (2004 movie)

Retrograde is a 2004 Italian Luxembourgian American British science fiction action movie directed by Christopher Kulikowski and starring Dolph Lundgren, Gary Daniels, Annabelle Apsion, Joe Montana, David Jean Thomas. It was distributed by Franchise Pictures.


Wellton, Arizona

Wellton is a town in Yuma County, Arizona, United States.

WCYB-TV

WCYB-TV (channel 5) is a television station in Bristol, Virginia, United States. It serves the Tri-Cities area as a partner of NBC and The CW.

1920 United States presidential election

The 1920 United States presidential election was the 34th election in the history of the United States. It occurred on November 2, 1920. This election was between Governor of Ohio James M. Cox and U.S Senator from Ohio Warren G. Harding. Harding won the election by 404 electoral votes. James M. Cox got only 127 electoral votes.

This election would be historic as almost every candidate would later serve as President, as Harding served from 1921-1923, Coolidge from 1923-1929, and Franklin D. Roosevelt from 1933 to 1945.



Zhangixalus lishuiensis

Zhangixalus lishuiensis is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Fengyang Forest Station. This is in Zhejiang Province, China. People have seen it 1100 meters above sea level.

Jörn Bjerregaard

Jörn Bjerregaard (born 19 January 1943) is a retired Danish footballer and coach.
He started his career at Aarhus GF at the age of 12. Aarhus was Denmark's top team in the 1950s. In addition to football, he began studying economics, which he ended prematurely in the mid-1960s in favor of sports. In 1962 he made his debut for Aarhus in the first Danish league. He scored 13 goals in his first season. This made him to the club's second-best goalscorer. In 1965, Bjerregaard won his first title by winning the cup. 

1966 he went to Austria and signed a contract with SK Rapid Wien. This was his first professional contract, since a professional league was not introduced in Denmark until 1978. In his first game for Rapid he scored three goals against Kapfenberger SV and three in the first round of the European Cup against Galatasaray Istanbul.

In the 1971/72 season he had problems with the new coach Ernst Hlozek. So he went to SC Eisenstadt. After 23 goals in his first season for Eisenstadt, he played as midfielder the following year . At the age of 32 he ended his career as defender. The reason for the end of his career was physical problems.
Between 1962 and 1966 he played five matches for the Danish U-21 national team. Bjerregaard never played in an official game for the Danish national football team. He became a professional player when he switched to Rapid and Denmark was an amateur team.
In 1976, Bjerregaard became coach of his first club Aarhus GF. In this season Aarhus was promoted to the 1st division After this resigned and returned to Austria. 
Bjerregaard's son, Carsten Bjerregaard, was also a professional footballer. He played for Vienna and Admira Wacker in the Austrian Bundesliga between 1990 and 1995.

Quaternary numeral system

A quaternary numeral system uses the digits 0, 1, 2, and 3 to represent any real number. It is a base-4 system, which means it works in a similar way to how we count in regular decimal numbers, but with only four possible digits. Converting from binary (a base-2 system) to quaternary is easy.

The number four is a useful choice for a base in counting because it is the highest number that can be quickly recognized without counting each item one by one (subitizing). It is also both a square number and a highly composite number (in the same way 36 is), making it quite easy. Despite being twice as large as binary, it has the same radix economy for counting. However, it is not the best choice for identifying prime numbers (the smallest better choice being the primorial base six, or senary).

Quaternary is like other numeral systems with a fixed-radix in that it has certain properties, such as the capability to represent any real number using a standard representation that is almost unique. Additionally, it has similar characteristics for the representation of irrational and rational numbers as systems like decimal or binary. See discussions on binary and decimal for more information on these properties.

New South Wales Labor Party

The Australian Labor Party (New South Wales Branch), commonly known as NSW Labor, is the New South Wales branch of the Australian Labor Party, a centre-left social democratic political party in Australia. It is currently in Government (having formed a minority government since 2023). The party's leader is Chris Minns (who is the current state Premier) and the party's deputy leader is Prue Car.

Victorian Labor Party

The Australian Labor Party (Victorian Branch), commonly known as Victorian Labor, is the Victorian branch of the Australian Labor Party, a centre-left social democratic political party in Australia. It is currently in Government. The party's leader is Jacinta Allan (who is the current state Premier) and the party's deputy leader is Ben Carroll.

Queensland Labor Party

The Australian Labor Party (Queensland Branch), commonly known as Queensland Labor, is the Queensland branch of the Australian Labor Party, a centre-left social democratic political party in Australia. It is currently in Government. The party's leader is Annastacia Palaszczuk (who is the current state Premier) and the party's deputy leader is Steven Miles.

Western Australian Labor Party

The Australian Labor Party (Western Australian Branch), commonly known as WA Labor, is the Western Australian branch of the Australian Labor Party, a centre-left social democratic political party in Australia. It is currently in Government. The party's leader is Roger Cook (who is the current state Premier) and the party's deputy leader is Rita Saffioti.

South Australian Labor Party

The Australian Labor Party (South Australian Branch), commonly known as SA Labor, is the South Australian branch of the Australian Labor Party, a centre-left social democratic political party in Australia. It is currently in Government. The party's leader is Peter Malinauskas (who is the current state Premier) and the party's deputy leader is Susan Close.

Executioner

An executioner is an official who carries out a sentence of death on a legally condemned person.

Tasmanian Labor Party

The Australian Labor Party (Tasmanian Branch), commonly known as Tasmanian Labor, is the Tasmanian branch of the Australian Labor Party, a centre-left social democratic political party in Australia. It is currently in Opposition. The party's leader is Rebecca White and the party's deputy leader is Anita Dow.

ACT Labor Party

The Australian Labor Party (Australian Capital Territory Branch), commonly known as ACT Labor, is the Australian Capital Territory branch of the Australian Labor Party, a centre-left social democratic political party in Australia. It is currently in Government in a coalition with the Greens. The party's leader is Andrew Barr (who is the current Chief Minister) and the party's deputy leader is Yvette Berry.

Territory Labor Party

The Australian Labor Party (Northern Territory Branch), commonly known as Territory Labor, is the Northern Territory branch of the Australian Labor Party, a centre-left social democratic political party in Australia. It is currently in Government. The party's leader is Natasha Fyles (who is the current Chief Minister) and the party's deputy leader is Nicole Manison.

The Greens NSW

The Greens NSW are the New South Wales state branch of the Australian Greens, a left-wing green party in Australia. The party has no leader, but instead has collective leadership.

Australian Greens Victoria

The Victorian Greens are the Victorian state branch of the Australian Greens, a left-wing green party in Australia. The party's leader is Samantha Ratnam.

Queensland Greens

The Queensland Greens are the Queensland state branch of the Australian Greens, a left-wing green party in Australia. The party has no leader, but instead has collective leadership.

Greens Western Australia

The Greens WA are the Western Australian state branch of the Australian Greens, a left-wing green party in Australia. The party has no leader, but instead has collective leadership.

Greens South Australia

The Greens SA are the South Australian state branch of the Australian Greens, a left-wing green party in Australia. The party has no leader, but instead has collective leadership.

Tasmanian Greens

The Tasmanian Greens are the Tasmanian state branch of the Australian Greens, a left-wing green party in Australia. The Tasmanian Greens formed out of several environmental activist groups. It is the oldest green party in Australia and one of the oldest in the world. The party's leader is Cassy O'Connor.

ACT Greens

The ACT Greens are the Australian Capital Territory branch of the Australian Greens, a left-wing green party in Australia. The party currently forms a coalition government with the Labor Party. The party's leader is Shane Rattenbury.

Northern Territory Greens

The NT Greens are the Northern Territory branch of the Australian Greens, a left-wing green party in Australia. The party has no leader, but instead has collective leadership.

WOH S281

WOH S281 (also known as IRAS 05261-6614) is a red supergiant located in the constellation of Dorado. It is also one of the largest known stars with a radius of 1,376 times that of the Sun. If it was placed at the center of the solar system, its photosphere would reach past the orbit of Jupiter.

Demon Cleaner (song)

"Demon Cleaner" is a 1994 song by stoner rock band Kyuss. It is the leading single from their third studio album "Welcome to Sky Valley". It was released as a single in September 1994 and it was their biggest hit. It went to number 78 in the United Kingdom. It has been covered live by Tool.

Australia CD, Europe CD1 (limited edition), Germany CD

Germany CD2

UK 7" (limited edition)

US promo CD

Günter Kaltenbrunner

Günter Kaltenbrunner (born 28 July 1943) is a former Austrian football player and manager. He played as striker for different clubs in Austria. He also played for the Austrian national football team between 1962 and 1968. 
He started his career with Wiener AC and SK Admira Wien. There he played with his older brother Ernst Kaltenbrunner. Then he played for Schwarz-Weiß Bregenz, Wiener Sport-Club and SK Rapid. From 1970 to 1972 he played in France for Nice. At the end of his career he played again for Admira Wien and Wiener Sport-Club.
Between 1962 and 1968 he played 4 international matches for the Austrian national football team. His first match was on 28 October 1962 in a 2-0 away loss versus Hungary. He played his last match on 22 September 1968 in a 1-0 loss versus Switzerland.
He managed SC Eisenstadt, Wiener Sport-Club and Kremser SC.
From 1995 to 1999 he was President of Rapid Wien. Before that, he was an employee of Bank Austria and rescued SK Rapid in 1994 after the collapse of Rapid-AG. In June 2022 he was appointed Honorary President of SK Rapid.

All About Soul

"All About Soul" is a 1993 song by Billy Joel and is the third single from his 12th studio album "River of Dreams". It went to number 9 in Canada, number 22 in New Zealand, number 29 in the United States, number 30 in Iceland, number 32 in the United Kingdom, number 34 in Australia, number 42 in the Netherlands and number 51 in Germany.

UK CD single

African-American LGBT community

The African-American LGBT community, otherwise referred to as the Black LGBT community, is part of the overall LGBT culture and overall African-American culture. LGBT African Americans experience discrimination from both their race and sexuality/LGBT background.

African-American Muslims

African-American Muslims are African Americans who practice the Muslim faith. Most black Muslims are converts who converted from other religions such as Christianity. 2% of African Americans are Muslims in the United States.

Kevin Gates

Kevin Jerome Gilyard (stage name: Kevin Gates; born February 5, 1986) is a American rapper.

Shooting Star (Bad Company song)

"Shooting Star" is a 1975 song by British band Bad Company. It is the fourth track from their second studio album "Straight Shooter". Although never released as a single it has become a radio staple and has been featured on their live albums and compilation albums.

Train in Vain

"Train in Vain" is a 1980 song by English punk rock band The Clash and is the third and final single from their third studio album "London Calling". In the United States the song was re-titled Train in Vain (Stand by Me) to avoid confusion with the Ben E. King song "Stand by Me". It went to number 23 in the United States, number 26 in New Zealand and number 62 in Canada. It was sampled by alternative rock band Garbage for their single "Stupid Girl".

"Train in Vain" was released in mainland Europe as a 33 rpm single in June 1980 (catalogue number CBS 8370) and included the tracks "Bankrobber" and "Rockers Galore... UK Tour". In the UK, "Train in Vain" was not released as a single at the time; only "Bankrobber" and "Rockers Galore... UK Tour" were released on a 7" single in August 1980 (catalogue number CBS 8323). The song was released in the US as a 10" white label promo in 1979 (catalogue number AS 749). The US commercial release of 12 February 1980 (catalogue number 50851) consisted of a 7" that included the track "London Calling". The 1991 UK re-release (catalogue number 657430 7) included the track "The Right Profile". The formats and track listings of "Train in Vain (Stand By Me)" are tabulated below:

Snap pea

Snap peas are also known as sugar snap peas. They are a cross between snow peas and garden peas. The whole pod is eaten and has a crunchy texture and very sweet flavor. Snap peas may be eaten raw or cooked.

FIS (company)

Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS) is an American company that provides financial technology products and services. It helps businesses process transactions and offers solutions for banking and capital markets. FIS is known for its acquisitions, including the largest one with Worldpay. It has a strong financial performance, with increased revenue and earnings. FIS plays a vital role in the financial technology industry, serving clients worldwide.

Virtu Financial

Virtu Financial is an American company that provides financial services, trading products, and market-making services. It offers a range of solutions in execution, liquidity sourcing, analytics, and broker-neutral platforms. Virtu operates in various markets and exchanges globally, trading in equities, commodities, currencies, options, fixed income, and other securities. The company uses proprietary technology for high-volume trading. It was founded in 2008 by Vincent Viola and Douglas Cifu, and it went public on Nasdaq in 2015. Virtu has made several acquisitions to expand its operations and has offices in multiple locations worldwide. The company has been involved in investigations related to high-frequency trading practices.

ESTO

ESTO is a financial technology company that offers different payment options for B2B and B2C clients in the Baltics: from payments facilitation and BNPL solutions to consumer loans. 

The company was founded in 2017 in Tallinn, Estonia and has since expanded to have offices in four other cities all over the Baltics. ESTO has developed several products including ESTO Checkout for B2B merchants; ESTO account, a consumer digital banking product, and ESTO Market, a shopping and marketing platform - for B2C clients. 

The company has partnerships with over 2000 merchants in the Baltics, including major retailers such as IDeal and JYSK. 

In 2021, ESTO opened representative offices in Lithuania and Latvia, and received a 4 million euro loan from Citadele Bank to strengthen operations and expand in the Baltic market. As of 2022, ESTO has facilitated over 100 million euros in credit.

Worldline

Worldline SA is a French multinational company that provides payment and transactional services. It was founded in 1974 and has become the European leader in the industry, operating in over 50 countries with more than 20,000 employees. Worldline offers various services, including merchant services, financial services, and mobility services. In 2021, Worldline generated a revenue of 3.7 billion euros. The company has a history of acquisitions and mergers to expand its services and market presence. Notably, they merged with Equens in 2015 and acquired SIX Payment Services in 2018. In 2020, Worldline acquired Ingenico, a leading company in the payment terminal market.

Central African Empire

Central African Empire (French: "Empire centrafricain") was a name of Central African Republic from 1976 to 1979 during monarchy of Jean-Bédel Bokassa.

The former president Jean-Bédel Bokassa on 4 December 1976 dissolved the government and declared himself emperor. Bokassa crowned himself on 4 December 1977. The coronation ceremony costed 20 milion dollar, which was 1/3 of the budget of Empire. The ceremony was huge, the coronation centre was built. Also were brought exhibitional uniforms, pink feathers, white gloves and red carpets. The orchestra brought from Paris played waltzes and marches. All Bangui citizens had to get involved in a parade through the city centre. No head of state came to the coronation, even from friendly dictatorships – China, North Korea, Romania or Iran. Also any influent African leader didn't came to the ceremony.

The emperor Bokassa have been overthrown by the French commados on September 1979. He escaped from Central Africa to Ivory Coast and later he went into exile to France. In 1986, he returned to the Republic and was arrested when he was charged with murder treason, cannibalism and others. Bokassa was sentenced to the capital punishment, which was changed to life sentence. As a result of the amnesty in 1993, he was released and died in 1996 because of a heart attack.

Coat of Arms of the Central African Republic

The Coat of Arms of the Central African Republic is divided on five fields, its small cardiac shield contains the golden star, symbol of African freedom and aspirations to unite the continent. The star is located on contour of the "Black Africa". The silver head of the elephant on green background and green Baobab tree on a silver background represents strenght and rich Fauna and Flora of the Central Africa. Three diamonds on yellow field symbolizes mineral richness, they are also a reference to national motto of the Central Africa ""Unite Dignite, Travail"" (Unity, Dignity, Work) placed on a blue ribbon under the shield. The hand on fourth blue background is emblem of Independent movement founded in 1952 by Barthélemy Boganda. The pointing finger of the hand indicates on a star – symbol of freedom. Above the shield is "Sun of the Freedom" and on its background the date of 1 december 1958 (French: 1 DECEMBRE 1958), on this day was founded autonomic republic of Central Africa. The slogan above the sun in Songo language is ""Zo Kwe Zo"" which means ""Human is equal to human"". The coat of arms is complemented by two flags and republican "Order of Merit." 

Stellar population

Stars are grouped into stellar populations, depending on the fractions of chemical elements inside the star. In astronomy, all elements except hydrogen and helium are called "metals". Elements like carbon and oxygen are called "metals" in astronomy, even though they are non-metals in chemistry. The "metallicity" of a star is the amount of "metals" in it.

There are three stellar populations: population 1, population 2, and population 3.



2023 United Nations Climate Change Conference

COP28 was the 28th session of the Conference of Parties. COP is held annually to discuss and find solutions for climate change. COP28 was held in the UAE at Dubai Expo City from November 30 to December 12, 2023. 

A zero-carbon and resilient world is the theme of COP 28. About 70,000 people were expected.

Beef patty

A beef patty is a piece of ground beef pressed into a flat, round shape. The meat in a hamburger is usually a beef patty.

William Rowan Hamilton

William Rowan Hamilton (August 4, 1805 – September 2, 1865) was an Irish mathematician, physicist and astronomer. He made important contributions to the development of optics, dynamics, mathematics, geometry and algebra. His discovery of quaternions is the most famous work. His work was important in the development of quantum mechanics. Hamilton's talent was discovered very early by the astronomer John Brinkley. In 1823, when Hamilton was eighteen, John Brinkley said: "I don't say he would be but now he is the leading mathematician of his age". Hamilton was the first to introduce the term "vector", "association law".

Theloderma leporosum

The Malaya bug-eyed frog ("Theloderma leporosum") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia and Indonesia.

1975–76 NBA season

The 1975–76 NBA season was the 30th season of the National Basketball Association. The season ended with the Boston Celtics winning the NBA Championship. The Celtics beat the Phoenix Suns 4 games to 2 in the NBA Finals. This is also the year Foster Shore joined the Warrior Glazers Group making him the league's 3rd commissioner.

Michael Tavera

Michael Anthony Tavera (born September 24, 1961) is an American composer best known as his animation score. He has also worked on countless television series, live-action films and direct-to-video sequels.

Tavera grew up in Los Angeles.

Nick Glennie-Smith

Nickolas Glennie-Smith (born October 3, 1951) is an English composer.

Glennie-Smith was born in London.

In 1975 he started his music career.

Proto-Indo-European mythology

Proto-Indo-European mythology is the possible mythology of the Proto-Indo-Europeans. These are the people who spoke the Proto-Indo-European language. Scholars believe many mythologies like Greek mythology have elements from it. 


1912 United States presidential election

The 1912 United States presidential election was the 33rd election in the history of the United States. It occurred on November 5, 1912. This election was a 4-way race between Governor of New Jersey Woodrow Wilson, Former President Theodore Roosevelt of New York, Incumbent President William Howard Taft of Ohio, and former Congressman Eugene V. Debs of Indiana. Wilson won the election with 435 electoral votes, while Roosevelt got 88 electoral votes, Taft got 8 electoral votes, and Debs received 0 electoral votes.




List of Argentina Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Argentine Twenty20 International cricketers.

Kush

Kush or Cush may refer to:




Guerrilla Radio

"Guerrilla Radio" is a 1999 song by American metal band Rage Against the Machine and is the leading single from third studio album "The Battle of Los Angeles". It went to number 9 in Spain, number 17 in Norway, number 23 in Scotland, number 32 in the United Kingdom, number 42 in Sweden, number 57 in Australia and number 69 in the United States. It won a Grammy Award in 2001.




YooHoo and Friends (2012 TV series)

YooHoo and Friends (2012) also known as "David Feiss's YooHoo and Friends" was an American-Canadian animated children's series created by David Feiss, aired in January 8, 2012 to August 8, 2012. is a re-edited gag dub and retelling of the 2009 series, about a group of corrupt corporate executives who are turned into the eponymous animal gang by Father Time who tasks them to go around the world and fix all of the environmental disasters that they caused.


Kordylewski cloud

Kordylewski clouds are clumps of dust located at 2 out of the 5 special points in space between the Earth and the Moon. The 2 special points are called L and L Lagrange points. They were discovered by a Polish astronomer in the 1960s, and recently confirmed by the Royal Astronomical Society in October 2018.
Kordylewski searched for clouds of dust at the Lagrange points in 1951. He first saw them in 1956. He then succeeded in photographing two bright patches near the L Lagrange point in between 6 March 1961 to 6 April 1961. J. Wesley Simpson observed the clouds in 1967 using the Kuiper Airborne Observatory, and in 2018, the Royal Astronomical Society confirmed their existence. However, the Japanese Hiten space probe did not find the clouds in 1992, although this does not mean they are not there.

Mr. Wonderful (Fleetwood Mac album)

Mr. Wonderful is the second studio album by British blues band Fleetwood Mac. It was released on 23 August, 1968 through Blue Horizon. It is a full throttle blues album was broadly similar to their debut studio album. It went to number 8 in Norway and number 10 in the United Kingdom.

Frozen (Madonna song)

"Frozen" is a 1998 song by American singer Madonna. It is the leading single from her seventh studio album "Ray of Light". It topped the single charts in Costa Rica, Finland, Greece, Honduras, Hungary, Italy, Scotland, Spain and the United Kingdom. It went to the top five in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan and the United States.

US 7-inch and CD single; Japanese CD single

US 12-inch vinyl and CD maxi-single

Digital single (2021)

Digital single – Sickick remix

Digital single – Sickick & Fireboy DML remix

Digital single – Sickick & 070 Shake remix

Digital single – "Frozen on Fire"

The Unguarded Moment (song)

"The Unguarded Moment" is a 1981 song by Australian rock band The Church and taken from their debut studio album "Of Skins and Heart". It went to number 19 in New Zealand and number 22 in Australia.

One by One (Cher song)

"One by One" is a 1996 song by Cher. It was taken from her 21st studio album "It's a Man's World". It went to the top 10 in Hungary, Scotland and the United Kingdom. It performed in the United States where it reached number 52.








Harlem Shuffle

"Harlem Shuffle" is a 1963 song by Bob & Earl and it went to number 44 in the United States. In 1969 it when to number 7 in the Netherlands and the United Kingdom and number 8 in Belgium. It was covered by The Rolling Stones in 1986.

In 1986, The Rolling Stones released a cover version of "Harlem Shuffle" and it was taken from the 1986 "Dirty Work". It went to number 1 in New Zealand, number 2 in Finland, number 4 in Belgium, number 5 in Canada, the Netherlands and the United States, number 6 in Australia and Norway, number 7 in Spain, number 8 in Ireland, number 10 in Switzerland, number 11 in Germany and Sweden, number 13 in Austria and the United Kingdom, number 24 in Poland, number 28 in France and number 30 in South Africa. It features the backing vocals of Bobby Womack.

HORISEN

HORISEN is a Swiss technology software house. It develops technology used by wholesale and retail SMS trading businesses. It owns SMS Platform, Business Messenger, SS7 Platform and MNP Service which help to manage the messaging business.

HORISEN was established in 2001 as a service for sending SMS from a browser application. Later it became a full-service provider of multimedia applications with marketing agency and SMS trading business.

Horisen Messaging became one of the leading mobile messaging providers in Switzerland while also working in 175 countries globally.

In 2010, HORISEN offered its independent, commercial SaaS product—SMS Platform. In 2017, the company sold 100% of Horisen Messaging to the telecommunications firm LINK Mobility Group to focus on its software development in the field of messaging technology.

In 2022, HORISEN started working with with Odine Solutions for SMS and voice services in 2022.

With Communication Platform as a Service HORISEN provides two major platforms:

HORISEN SMS Platform, a vendor-neutral SMS trading platform with a highly scalable environment created for businesses to manage their SMS wholesale and retail businesses.

HORISEN Business Messenger, an omnichannel tool for messenger marketing which allows companies to communicate with their customers.

Withings

Withings is a French consumer electronics company. 

It was founded in 2008 by Éric Carreel, Cédric Hutchings, and Fred Potter. Withings gained recognition for introducing the first Wi-Fi scale in 2009. It measures weight and fat mass and sends data to the user's app over Wi-Fi. It has since developed products such as an FDA-cleared blood pressure monitor, a smart sleep system, and activity tracking watches. In 2016, Withings was acquired by Nokia and became a division of Nokia Health. The brand changed to the Nokia name in 2017.

Throughout its history, Withings has had venture capital funding, formed partnerships with companies like MyFitnessPal, and integrated with Apple's HealthKit platform. The company continues to develop innovative health and wellness products and operates a factory in France as of April 2019.

In 2024 it produced a new device, BeamO. This is a handheld "multiscope" with sensors to take health readings without being worn on the body. It can measure body temperature, heart health, lung health, and blood-oxygen levels. 

Aftermath (Rolling Stones album)

Aftermath is a studio album by the Rolling Stones. The Rolling Stones are an English rock band. It was released in the United Kingdom on 15 April 1966 by Decca Records. It was released in the United States in late June or early July 1966 by London Records. It is the band's fourth British studio album, and sixth American studio album. The band made the album in December 1965 and March 1966. The album was released after the band had many hit singles that made them more popular.

It is the band's first album that is made up of only original music. All of the songs on "Aftermath" were written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards. Brian Jones also helped make many songs. He used musical instruments that were not common in rock music, such as the sitar, dulcimer, and castanets.

All tracks are written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards.

Side one


Side two



All tracks are written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards.

Side one


Side two



Andrew Loog Oldham

Andrew Loog Oldham (born 29 January 1944) is an English music producer, talent manager and writer. He was the manager and producer for the Rolling Stones from 1963 to 1967.

(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction

"(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction" is a song by the Rolling Stones. The Rolling Stones is an English rock band. The song was written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards. The song was released as a single in the United States in June 1965. The song is on the American version of the album "Out of Our Heads". "Satisfaction" was the band's first number one single in the US. The song was released as a single much later in the United Kingdom. This was because the song was considered to be too sexual. It was later the band's fourth number one song in the UK.

TRAPPIST-1d

TRAPPIST-1d, also known as 2MASS J23062928-0502285 d, is a small exoplanet which is about 40% the mass of the Earth. It orbits on the inner edge of the habitable zone of the ultracool dwarf star TRAPPIST-1. It is located 40.7 light years away from Earth in the constellation of Aquarius. The exoplanet was found by using the transit method, which means the dimming effect that a planet causes as it crosses in front of its star is measured. The first information about the planet were announced in 2016, but it wasn't until the following years that more information about the likely nature of the planet was obtained. TRAPPIST-1d is the second-least massive planet of the TRAPPIST-1 system and is likely to have a thin hydrogen-poor atmosphere that is closely packed together similar to Venus, Earth, or Mars. It gets just 4.3% more sunlight than how much sunlight the Earth gets from the sun, placing it on the inner edge of the habitable zone. It has about less than 5% of its mass as a volatile layer, which could consist of atmosphere, oceans, and/or ice layers. A 2018 study by the University of Washington came to a opinion that TRAPPIST-1d might be a Venus-like exoplanet with an uninhabitable atmosphere. The planet is an eyeball planet candidate.

Names of China

The names of China are expressed differently in different languages and different times. Some of these names come from ancient times, while others are from modern times. In Chinese, the name of China is "Zhōngguó" (/, "central country") in its national language, Standard Mandarin. China, while the name in English for the country, came from Portuguese in the 16th century. This became common usage in the West in the subsequent centuries. It is believed to come from Middle Persian. Though some people thought it traced further back to Sanskrit. Some also thought that the ultimate source of the name China is the Chinese word "Qin" (), the name of the dynasty of China. However, others have different opinions. 

In addition to these names, names of China also include "Zhōnghuá" (/, "central beauty"), "Huáxià" (/, "beautiful grandness"), "Shénzhōu" (, "divine state") and "Jiǔzhōu" (, "nine states"). "Hàn" (/) and "Táng" () . The People's Republic of China () and Republic of China () are the official names for the two sovereign states now claiming sovereignty over the traditional area of China. "Mainland China" is used to refer to areas under the control of the PRC, usually not including Hong Kong and Macau. 

There are also names for China used around the world. "Cathay" from the Khitan language and "Tabgach" from Tuoba are examples.


Montigny-le-Bretonneux

Montigny-le-Bretonneux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France. In 2020, 31,854 people lived in Montigny-le-Bretonneux.

The commune is in the southwestern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Montigny-le-Bretonneux is twinned with:


Marostica

Marostica is a city in northern Italy. Marostica is in the Veneto Region. About 14,000 people live there.

Denton, Greater Manchester

Denton is a town in Tameside, Greater Manchester, England. In 2011, 36,591 people lived there.

Kierspe

Kierspe is a town in Märkischer Kreis in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Kierspe is twinned with:


Lunca, Mureș

Lunca () is a commune in Mureș County, Romania. It has five villages: Băița ("Mezőbanyica"), Frunzeni ("Mezőharasztos"), Logig ("Szászludvég"), Lunca and Sântu ("Mezőszentandrás").

1908 United States presidential election

The 1908 United States presidential election was the 31st election in the history of the United States. It occurred on November 3, 1908. This election was between Secretary of War William Howard Taft of Ohio and former Congressman from Ohio and Democratic Party Nominee in 1896 and 1900 William Jennings Bryan. Taft won the election with 321 electoral votes. Bryan got only 162 electoral votes.

This would be the fourth and most recent election in the history of the United States, where both major candidates share the same first name, with the last three being in 1860, 1896, and 1900.



Malus sieversii

Family: Rosaceae

Status: Vulnerable

Malus sieversii is a wild apple native to Central Asia. It is the ancestor of the Apple. Malus sieversii tastes sweet and then goes from sour very quickly. Some of the apples have different tastes to one another. Malus sieversii tree can grow up to 5 to 12 meters. (16 to 39 ft.) It is very similar in appearance to the Apple.

Wicklow

Wicklow () is the county town of County Wicklow in Ireland. In 2016, 10,584 people live in Wicklow. The River Vartry flows through the town.

1904 United States presidential election

The 1904 United States presidential election occurred on November 8, 1904. It was the 30th election in the history of the United States. The election was won by incumbent President Theodore Roosevelt, who had been president since the death of William McKinley in 1901.

This election was between incumbent President Theodore Roosevelt of New York and Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals Alton B. Parker. Roosevelt won the election with 336 electoral votes. Parker got only 140 electoral votes.





Supplementary Benefit

Supplementary Benefit was part of the social security system in the United Kingdom. It replaced National Assistance in 1966. It was means-tested and paid to people on low incomes. It stopped and was replaced by Income Support on 11 April 1988. 

To get it a person had to show that their savings were less than £6000 and the weekly money they had to live on was less than they needed. It could be paid on top of other benefits, but not to people who were working.

San Fernando, Cádiz

San Fernando is a city in the province of Cádiz, Spain. About 95,000 people live there.

San Fernando is twinned with:

Rockstar (Post Malone song)

"Rockstar" is a 2017 song by American rapper Post Malone featuring British rapper 21 Savage and is the lead single from his second studio album "Beerbongs & Bentleys" (2018). It topped the single charts in Australia, Austria, Canada, the Czech Republic, Finland, Greece, Ireland, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Slovakia, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States. It also went to number 2 in Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and Switzerland, number 3 in Belgium, number 4 in Lebanon and the Netherlands and number 5 in Belgium and France.

1900 United States presidential election

The 1900 United States presidential election was the 29th election in the history of the United States. It happened on November 6, 1900. William McKinley, the incumbent president, won reelection.

This election was a rematch of 1896 being held between incumbent President William McKinley of Ohio and former Congressman William Jennings Bryan of Nebraska. McKinley won the election with 292 electoral votes. Bryan got only 155 electoral votes.



Better Now

"Better Now" is a 2018 song by American rapper Post Malone and is the fifth and final single from his second studio album "Beerbongs & Bentleys". It went to top 10 single charts in Australia, Austria, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, New Zealand, Norway, the Netherlands, Portugal, Slovakia, Sweden, the United States and the United Kingdom. It also went to number 11 in Germany and number 12 in Switzerland.

The Palm (Schifano)

The Palm (also known as Palm Springs or La Palma or Senza Titolo) is a 20th-century late Pop art iconic painted in enamel on canvas by Mario Schifano. It was painted about 1987, in Rome, Italy. Palm trees are Schifano's most iconic and significant subject, like Fontana's cuts.

In 1987 in Milano, Mario Schifano aroused the enthusiasm and emotion of the public for the "No title" art work that represent a palm.
The work aims to be a denunciation of environmental protection and an awareness of sustainability inspired by the principles of advertising.
The painting executed in the mid eighty, represents the typical figure of a palm tree, with the red, white and green colors of the Italian flag, enriched by pink which is one of the most precious colors of Schifano. Schifano with Andy Warhol and Roy Lichtenstein is considered the founder of pop art.

This work is registered in the Archivio Monica Schifano, Mario Schifano's wife, and the only authorized official archive by sentences of the Italian judiciary.

After returning from the USA, he rediscovers the techniques of the past with brilliant enamel, and rediscovers the figuration of the past, landscape and geometry, but the enamel is less juicy, the landscape, as the titles say, is an "anemic" landscape, but wants to contrast any impressionist interpretation

In Schifano's work we perceive the link between nature and technology, and the characterization of the materiality of color which gives the surface a highly elegant path and rhythm.

Mario Schifano was the most relevant exponent of the Italian art movement which, in the early 60s, anticipated the concepts of American Pop Art. "Schifano starts from the zeroing of the image to move on to a new figuration, thus focusing once again on the very meaning of painting. “I want to paint while painting” Schifano said in those days. Starting from his first monochromes, by resetting the degree of the pictorial gesture, he will turn towards the addition of enlarged images. Schifano transforms the canvas into a screen where he projects the images that are selected from his own memory. He isolates them, frames them, dilates them, imprints them on that film which has now become the surface of the picture. “This idea that the canvas is nothing but a support, a sort of place of memory, guides Schifano throughout his future journey".

Schifano passes to new pictorial images where he finds the representation of nature. Especially the latter is introduced in his "anemic landscapes" of 1963, where memory, through allusive phrases, rapid gestures and details, becomes the voice of the representation of nature itself. This will then further evolve in the series Trees, Oxygen Oxygen, Oasis, and imagination above all in the depiction of the Palm, where it finds its most complete maturity and where the artist carries forward his idea of ​​the painting and its function as a screen. It also alludes to the protection of the environment, in times when it was not lived like today, and it alludes to a human and cultural problem, representing the theme of escape, where to rediscover the soul. The escape from this solitude of the tree as an individual without roots, the escape from a way of building one's present through a rigid series of values, Schifano, in these paintings where the dream evidently begins to appear, the moment of detachment from reality, where the continuum of perspective space […] tends to fracture, Schifano begins to analytically dissociate the image”<ref>AA.VV. , Mario Schifano, Parma, 1974/ref>, it presents itself as a complete manifesto of his cultured art at a key moment.




Vélez-Málaga

Vélez-Málaga is a municipality and the capital of the Axarquía comarca in the province of Málaga, in the Spanish autonomous community of Andalusia. The municipality is part of the Costa del Sol region. In 2022, 83,899 people lived there.

Almayate, Benajarafe, Cajiz, Caleta de Velez, Chilches, Lagos, Mezquitilla, Trapiche, Triana, Torre del Mar, Valle-Niza, Vélez-Málaga

Income Support

Income Support is a meanstested social security benefit in the United Kingdom for some people who are on a low income, but have a reason for not actively seeking work. People who get it may get Housing Benefit, Council Tax Reduction, Child Benefit, Carer's Allowance, Child Tax Credit and help with health costs. A person with savings over £16,000 cannot get Income Support, and savings over £6,000 affect how much Income Support they get.

It is being replaced by Universal Credit. 

Bissert

Bissert is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bitschhoffen

Bitschhoffen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Blaesheim

Blaesheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Blancherupt

Blancherupt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Blienschwiller

Blienschwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bœrsch

Bœrsch is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bœsenbiesen

Bœsenbiesen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bolsenheim

Bolsenheim (Alsatian: Bolsene) is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Boofzheim

Boofzheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bootzheim

Bootzheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bosselshausen

Bosselshausen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. Between 1974 and 2007 was a only commune. In January 2007, the communes Bosselshausen and Kirrwiller were separated.

Kirrwiller

Kirrwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. Between 1974 and 2007 was a only commune. In January 2007, the communes Bosselshausen and Kirrwiller were separated.

Bossendorf

Bossendorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Elsenheim

Elsenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ohnenheim

Ohnenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bourg-Bruche

Bourg-Bruche is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Sickness benefit

Sickness benefit was part of the Social Security system in the United Kingdom. It started with the National Insurance Act 1911. People had to get a sick note and they had to have paid enough National Insurance Contributions. It lasted for six months. After that people got Invalidity Benefit if they were still ill. That was more money. 

After 1983 most people got Statutory Sick Pay from their work for the first 8 weeks they were ill instead of sickness benefit. From 1986 Statutory Sick Pay lasted for 28 weeks, so people didn't get sickness benefit unless they couldn't get Statutory Sick Pay. 

In 1948 it was 26 shillings a week, but married women only got 16 shillings because they were expected to rely on their husband for money. In 1987 it was £30.05 a week for both men and women. 

Invalidity Benefit

Invalidity Benefit was a social security benefit from the United Kingdom's National Insurance scheme that was introduced in 1971 by Edward Heath's government. It was paid to people who were sick for more than six months. It was replaced by Incapacity Benefit in 1995.

In 1977 a special benefit was started for married women who had not paid National Insurance. It was called Housewives Non-contributory Invalidity Pension. They had to show that they could not do "normal household duties", like shopping, cooking and cleaning, for at least 28 weeks, 

Maraca

A maraca (sometimes called a shaker or chac-chac) is a rattle used in Caribbean and Latin music. It makes noise when it is shaken. Two of them are usually played at the same time.

Incapacity Benefit

Incapacity Benefit was a United Kingdom social security benefit that was paid to people who were sick for more than 28 weeks. It replaced Invalidity Benefit in 1995. The government began to stop Incapacity Benefit in 2008 by stopping new people claiming it. They moved people onto Employment and Support Allowance.

To get it people had to pass the All Work Test, to show that there was no work they could do. 

Bourgheim

Bourgheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bouxwiller, Bas-Rhin

Bouxwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Breitenau, Bas-Rhin

Breitenau is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Breitenbach, Bas-Rhin

Breitenbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Breuschwickersheim

Breuschwickersheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

La Broque

La Broque is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Brumath

Brumath is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Buhl, Bas-Rhin

Buhl is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Trimbach, Bas-Rhin

Trimbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Triembach-au-Val

Triembach-au-Val is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Burbach, Bas-Rhin

Burbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bust, Bas-Rhin

Bust is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Buswiller

Buswiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Butten

Butten is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Châtenois, Bas-Rhin

Châtenois is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Cleebourg

Cleebourg is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Climbach

Climbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Colroy-la-Roche

Colroy-la-Roche is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Cosswiller

Cosswiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Crastatt

Crastatt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Crœttwiller

Crœttwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Dachstein, Bas-Rhin

Dachstein is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Dahlenheim

Dahlenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Dalhunden

Dalhunden is a commune which is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Dambach, Bas-Rhin

Dambach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Dambach-la-Ville

Dambach-la-Ville is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Dambach-la-Ville is known for its wine.

Dangolsheim

Dangolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Employment and Support Allowance

Employment and Support Allowance is a United Kingdom social security benefit for adults younger than the State Pension age who are having difficulty finding work because of sickness. It was started in 2008.

It is paid when Statutory Sick Pay comes to an end. People who have paid enough National Insurance can get contributory ESA. Income-related ESA is for people who have not paid enough National Insurance contributions. People who have more than £16,000 savings cannot get that.

After 13 weeks most people have to have a Work Capability Assessment.

Daubensand

Daubensand is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Dauendorf

Dauendorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is the site of Neubourg Abbey, a former Cistercian monastery, destroyed during the French Revolution.

Dettwiller

Dettwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Diebolsheim

Diebolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Diedendorf

Diedendorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Oberhausbergen

Oberhausbergen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is a northwestern suburb of Strasbourg.

Dieffenbach-au-Val

Dieffenbach-au-Val is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hey Brother

"Hey Brother" is a 2013 song by Swedish DJ Avicii and is the third song from his debut studio album "True". American bluegrass singer Dan Tyminski provides vocals for the track. It topped the single charts in Austria, Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland. It also went to number 2 in Australia, Denmark, Ireland, the Netherlands, South Africa and the United Kingdom, number 3 in Italy, number 4 in New Zealand, number 10 in Canada and number 16 in the United States.

The Power of Good-Bye

"The Power of Good-Bye" is a 1998 song by Madonna. It is the fourth single from her seventh studio album "Ray of Light". It went to the top twenty in Austria, Belgium, Canada, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, the Netherlands, Scotland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. It also went to number 25 in New Zealand and number 33 in Australia.





Theloderma asperum

The Malaya pied warted tree frog, hill garden bug-eyed frog, Larut bug-eyed tree frog, or pied warty tree frog ("Theloderma asperum") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia, Thailand, Cambodia, and Myanmar. People say they live in Sumatra and Borneo too, but scientists say these are probably different frogs. People have seen this frog as high as 1400 meters above sea level. It lives in tropical forests and subtropical forests.

This frog is 25 – 35 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin on the frog's back is brown and black in color with white warts. This makes the frog look like bird droppings. This helps it hide from animals that want to eat it. Sometimes people call it "bird poop frog" in English.

The frog has disks on its toes for climbing. This frog has some webbed skin on its feet.

Other frogs in "Theloderma" have vomerine teeth but this frog does not.

The tadpoles are gray in color.

Theloderma albopunctatum

The dotted bubble-nest frog, warty tree frog, rough-skinned small tree frog, cobalt-gray warted frog, rough-skinned whistling tree frog, rough-skinned small tree frog, rough paddle-leg frog, white-banded small tree frog, white-patterned small tree frog, white-spotted bug-eyed frog, or pied warted tree frog ("Theloderma albopunctatus") is a frog. It lives in China. Scientists think it might also live in Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia. There are some frogs in India, Myanmar, and Thailand, but scientists are not sure if this is the same species of frog.

List of Switzerland Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Swiss Twenty20 International cricketers. They made their Twenty20 debut in October 2021.

V346 Puppis

V346 Puppis (shortened as V346 Pup) is a red supergiant star located 4332.09 light years away in the constellation Puppis. It is a carbon star, meaning it contains carbon more than oxygen in its atmosphere, and that is why It has a spectral type of C D. It has a radius of 1,025 times that of the radius of the Sun. It has an effective temperature of 1,875 K.

Killing in the Name

"Killing in the Name" is a 1992 debut single by American metal band Rage Against the Machine. It is the leading single from their debut studio album "Rage Against the Machine". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, number 2 in Ireland and Scotland, number 7 in Australia, number 8 in New Zealand and number 13 in the Netherlands.

"Darkness of Greed" and "Clear the Lane" were re-mastered versions of the respective demo tracks. Another version of "Darkness of Greed", titled merely "Darkness", was included on the for "The Crow". The previously unreleased demo appeared on the XX 20th Anniversary Edition of their debut album, which was released on November 27, 2012.

Messier 80

Messier 80 (also known as M80 or NGC 6093) is a globular cluster located 32,620 light years away in the constellation Scorpius, it was discovered by Charles Messier in 1781, it was also one of his first discoveries.
M80 can be seen in a field of the Milky Way that has many nebulae. It is located between Antares and Beta Scorpii when looking from Earth. With less light pollution, it can be seen as a round patch of light with a small telescope below the 67th parallel north.

It one of the densest globular cluster in the Milky Way. It is at twice the distance of the Galactic Center in regions known as the Galactic halo. It contains many hundred thousand stars and has an apparent angular diameter of 10 arcminutes. It is 32,600 light years away, making its true diameter around 95 light years.

M80 contains a lot of blue stragglers. Blue stragglers are stars that seem younger than the rest. It is thought that this is because they lost some layers due to encounters or collisions with other stars in the dense cluster. With the help of the Hubble Space Telescope, images reveal many of these stragglers in the center of the cluster, suggesting a high rate of capture and collisions.

On May 21, 1860, a nova was found in M80 that had an magnitude of +7.0 and was possible to see it using telescopes, binoculars and people with good vision. This variable star, named T Scorpii, reached an absolute magnitude of −8.5 and briefly shone brighter than the cluster.

Dieffenbach-lès-Wœrth

Dieffenbach-lès-Wœrth is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Dieffenthal

Dieffenthal is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Diemeringen

Diemeringen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Two Less Lonely People in the World

"Two Less Lonely People in the World" is a 1982 song by English-Australian band Air Supply. It is the third single from their seventh studio album "Now and Forever". It went to number 38 in the United States and number 46 in Australia. It was a better hit on adult contemporary radio in Canada and the United States. 

Dimbsthal

Dimbsthal is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Santaquin, Utah

Santaquin is a city in Utah and Juab counties in the U.S. state of Utah.

Cedar Fort, Utah

Cedar Fort is a town in Utah County, Utah, United States.

Fairfield, Utah

Fairfield is a town in Utah County, Utah, United States.

Genola, Utah

Genola is a town in Utah County, Utah, United States.

Goshen, Utah

Goshen is a town in Utah County, Utah, United States.

Minersville, Utah

Minersville is a town in Beaver County, Utah, United States.

Check the Meaning

"Check the Meaning" is a 2002 song by Richard Ashcroft and is the leading single from his second studio album "Human Conditions". It went to number 10 in Scotland, number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Italy, number 19 in Ireland, number 21 in Canada and number 94 in Germany.

UK CD single 

UK 7-inch single and European CD single 

UK DVD single 

Apple Valley, Utah

Apple Valley is a town in Washington County, Utah, United States.

Leeds, Utah

Leeds is a town in Washington County, Utah, United States.

The Essential Heart

The Essential Heart is a greatest hits album by American hard rock band Heart and was released on 26 November, 2002. It contains their greatest hits from 1975 to 1995. It went to number 15 in New Zealand.




New Harmony, Utah

New Harmony is a town in Washington County, Utah, United States.

Rockville, Utah

Rockville is a town in Washington County, Utah, United States.

Springdale, Utah

Springdale is a town in Washington County, Utah, United States.

Virgin, Utah

Virgin is a town in Washington County, Utah, United States.

Industrial Disease (song)

"Industrial Disease" is a 1982 song by British rock band Dire Straits. It was taken from their fourth studio album "Love over Gold". It went to number 4 in the United States and was a B-side in the United Kingdom to the single "Private Investigations". It deals with the strike of the British television in the early 1980s.

Love in an Elevator

"Love in an Elevator" is a 1989 song by American hard rock band Aerosmith and is the lead single from their 10th studio album "Pump". It went to number 5 in the United States, number 9 in the Netherlands and number 13 in the United Kingdom.

Tomar

Tomar (also called Tomara, Tanwar and Tuar) is a Hindu clan, the members of which ruled parts of North India at different times. The Tomars claim descent from the Puruvanshi lineage of Indraprashtha of Mahabharata times. People belonging to the Tomar clan are found among the Rajputs and Jats of northern India.
Historian Augustus Hoernle was of the opinion that the Tomaras were one of the ruling clans of Rajput in the Gurjara-Pratihara era of North India- 4th - 8th century AD,
Ancient Kuru Kingdom continuing its existence in the ages when India was ruled by Gupta Kings. It remained one of the 18 Great States under Gupta Kings.

Valchiusa

Valchiusa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It was created on 1 January 2019 from the former municipalities of Meugliano, Trausella and Vico Canavese.

Meugliano

Meugliano is a "frazione" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. On 1 January 2019, it was merged with Trausella and Vico Canavese to form the new "comune" of Valchiusa.

Trausella

Trausella is a "frazione" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. On 1 January 2019, it was merged with Meugliano and Vico Canavese to form the new "comune" of Valchiusa.

Vico Canavese

Vico Canavese is a "frazione" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. On 1 January 2019, it was merged with Meugliano and Trausella to form the new "comune" of Valchiusa.

Valperga

Valperga is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Valgioie

Valgioie is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Val della Torre

Val della Torre is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Xaronval

Xaronval is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Heidolsheim

Heidolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hessenheim

Hessenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Say It Ain't So

"Say It Ain't So" is a 1995 song by American rock band Weezer. It is the third and final single from their debut studio album "Weezer (The Blue Album)". It went to number 37 in the United Kingdom and number 43 in Scotland. It is frequently voted as the best songs by Weezer.

Standard CD, 10-inch, and cassette single

Pettenasco

Pettenasco is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Ariccia

Ariccia is an Italian city in Lazio. It is southeast of Rome. About 18,600 people live there.

Valprato Soana

Valprato Soana is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Varisella

Varisella is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Vauda Canavese

Vauda Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Venaria Reale

Venaria Reale is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.



Venaus

Venaus is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Verolengo

Verolengo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Verrua Savoia

Verrua Savoia is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Vestignè

Vestignè is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Billboard Global 200

The Billboard Global 200 is a weekly music chart that is published by Billboard magazine from USA, which ranks songs globally every week. It was officially launched in September 2020. There is a similar chart, the Billboard Global 200 Excluding USA chart, which lists the sales globally excluding those sold in the United States, which can combine with the Billboard Hot 100 to combined equal the Billboard Global 200.

Vialfrè

Vialfrè is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Vidracco

Vidracco is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Vistrorio

Vistrorio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Vigone

Vigone is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

National Socialist Network

The National Socialist Network are a neo-Nazi group from Australia.

Villafranca Piemonte

Villafranca Piemonte is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is about 35 km southwest of Turin.

Villafranca Piemonte is next to these municipalities: Barge, Cardè, Cavour, Faule, Moretta, Pancalieri and Vigone.

Villafranca Piemonte is twinned with:

Belhomert-Guéhouville

Belhomert-Guéhouville is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Eure-et-Loir department in north France.

Saint-Maurice-Saint-Germain

Saint-Maurice-Saint-Germain is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Eure-et-Loir department in north France.

Roll On down the Highway

"Roll On Down the Highway" is a 1975 song by Bachman-Turner Overdrive. It was taken from their third studio album "Not Fragile". It went to number 4 in Canada, number 14 in the United States, number 18 in Germany, number 20 in New Zealand, number 22 in the United Kingdom and number 80 in Australia.

Dingsheim

Dingsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Villanova Canavese

Villanova Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Conegliano

Conegliano is an Italian city in Veneto. About 35,000 people live there.

In 2019, Le Colline del Prosecco di Conegliano e Valdobbiadene became a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Steve Porcaro

Steven Maxwell Porcaro (born September 2, 1957) is an American keyboardist, songwriter and movie composer. He is known as a member of the rock band Toto. He was born in Hartford, Connecticut.

Tom Ruegger

Tom Ruegger () is an American animator and songwriter. Ruegger is known for his association with Disney Television Animation and Warner Bros. Animation. He also created "Tiny Toon Adventures", "Animaniacs", "Pinky and the Brain", and "Histeria!".


Lost in Love (Air Supply song)

"Lost in Love" is a 1979 song by English-Australian band Air Supply. It was originally taken from their fourth studio album "Life Support" and was re-recorded for their fifth studio album "Lost in Love". It went to number 3 in the United States and New Zealand, number 4 in Australia, number 10 in France and number 13 in Australia. It went to be covered by Greek singer Demis Roussos and New Zealand band Deep Obsession where it topped the single charts in August 1998.

All Out of Love

"All Out of Love" is a 1980 song by English-Australian band Air Supply. It was taken from their fifth studio album "Lost in Love". It went to number 2 in Canada and the United States, number 3 in France, number 9 in Australia, number 10 in Ireland, number 11 in the United Kingdom and South Africa, number 21 in New Zealand and number 31 in the Netherlands.

In 1999, Jamaican singer Andru Donalds released a cover version of All Out of Love. It went to number 3 in Germany, Austria and Switzerland where it was a big hit in the German-language countries.

CD-maxi

The One That You Love

"The One That You Love" is a 1981 song by English-Australian band Air Supply and is the title track to their sixth studio album "The One That You Love". It went to number 1 in the United States where it was their only chart-topper, number 26 in New Zealand, number 10 in Australia and number 2 in Canada.

Sweet Dreams (Air Supply song)

"Sweet Dreams" is a 1981 song by English-Australian band Air Supply. It was taken from their sixth studio album "The One That You Love". It went to number 5 in the United States and number 14 in Canada. It was an emotional ballad by the band.


Young Love (Air Supply song)

"Young Love" is a 1982 song by English-American band Air Supply. It is the second single from their seventh studio album "Now and Forever". It went to number 38 in the United States but when to number 3 on the Canadian Adult Contemporary charts and number 13 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary charts. 


Princess Amélia of Brazil

Princess Amélia, Mrs Alexander James Spearman (Amélia Maria de Fátima Josefa Antônia Miguela Gabriela Rafaela Gonzaga; born 15 March 1984) is a member of the Brazilian imperial family. She is the oldest daughter of Antônio, Prince Imperial of Brazil, and Princess Christine of Ligne. She is the niece of Bertrand, Prince of Brazil and a granddaughter of Pedro Henrique, Prince of Brazil. She was 5th in the line of succession to the Brazilian throne until you renounce your rights to the throne by marrying.

Upon her marriage she was commited to resign her dynastyc rights and the Brazilian princely title, although such thing is not legally allowed by Brazil's monarchical constitution without parliamentary approval. She "de facto" was the fifth in the line of succession to the Brazilian throne until her supposed renunciation.

Title

15 March 1989-16 July 2014: Her Highness Princess Amelia of Brazil, Princess of Orleans-Braganza

16 July 2014 Her Highness Princess Amelia of Orleans-Braganza, Princess of Brazil

Villar Dora

Villar Dora is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Villar Focchiardo

Villar Focchiardo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Villar Pellice

Villar Pellice is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Villar Perosa

Villar Perosa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Villarbasse

Villarbasse is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Villareggia

Villareggia is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Villastellone

Villastellone is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Vinovo

Vinovo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is home to the training ground of football club Juventus.

Virle Piemonte

Virle Piemonte is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Vische

Vische is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Volpiano

Volpiano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Volvera

Volvera is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Cardè

Cardè is a "comune" in the Province of Cuneo in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Moretta

Moretta is a "comune" in the Province of Cuneo in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Peaceful Easy Feeling

"Peaceful Easy Feeling" is a 1972 song by the Eagles and is taken from their debut studio album "Ealges". It went to number 22 in the United States and number 35 in Canada. It is one of the band's popular songs of 1972.

Tequila Sunrise (song)

"Tequilla Sunrise" is a 1973 song by Eagles and is the leading single from their second studio album "Desperado". It went to number 64 in the United States and number 68 in Canada and was covered in 1993 by country artist Alan Jackson for the tribute album "".

Desperado (Eagles song)

"Desperado" is a 1973 song by Eagles. It is the fifth track from their second studio album "Desperado". Although it was never released as a single, it is one of the Eagles best known tracks and has been featured on numerous compilation albums.

Outlaw Man

"Outlaw Man" is a 1973 song by Eagles and is the second single from their second studio album "Desperado". It went to number 59 in the United States.

One of These Nights (Eagles song)

"One of These Nights" is a 1975 song by Eagles and is the title track to their fourth studio album "One of These Nights". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 5 in the New Zealand, number 7 in the Netherlands, number 8 in Belgium, number 13 in Canada, number 23 in the United Kingdom and number 33 in Australia.

Take It to the Limit (Eagles song)

"Take It to the Limit" is a 1975 song by the Eagles and is the third single from their fourth studio album "One of These Nights". It went to number 4 in the United States, number 16 in Canada, number 12 in the United Kingdom, number 30 in Australia and number 23 in New Zealand.

In 1983, Waylon Jennings and Willie Nelson covered "Take It to the Limit" for Nelson's album "Take It to the Limit". It topped the country singles chart in Canada.

Life in the Fast Lane

"Life in the Fast Line" is a 1977 song by Eagles. It was the third single from their fifth studio album "Hotel California". It went to number 11 in the United States and number 12 in Canada.

Heartache Tonight

"Heartache Tonight" is a 1979 song by Eagles. It was taken from their sixth studio album "The Long Run". It went to number 1 in Canada and the United States, number 7 in New Zealand, number 10 in Ireland and Switzerland, number 13 in Australia, number 20 in the Netherlands, number 22 in Belgium and number 40 in the United Kingdom. It won a Grammy Award in 1980. It was covered by Conway Twitty in 1983.

The Long Run (song)

"The Long Run" is a 1979
song by Eagles and is the title track to their sixth studio album "The Long Run". It went to number 8 in the United States, number 9 in Canada, number 30 in New Zealand and number 66 in the United Kingdom.

The Heat Is On (Glenn Frey song)

"The Heat Is On" is a 1984 song by Glenn Frey and it was taken from the 1984 movie soundtrack "Beverly Hills Cop". It went to number 2 in Australia, Norway and the United States, number 4 in Germany, number 5 in Sweden and Switzerland, number 8 in Canada, number 12 in the United Kingdom, number 19 in the Netherlands, number 22 in New Zealand, number 27 in Austria and Belgium and number 47 in France. It also became a theme song to NBA team Miami Heat.

Smuggler's Blues

"Smuggler's Blues" is a 1984 song by Glenn Fry and is the third and final single from his second studio album "The Allnighter". It went to number 12 in the United States, number 22 in the United Kingdom and number 37 in Canada. It was used in the television series "Miami Vice" 

You Belong to the City

"You Belong to the City" is a 1985 song by Glenn Frey and is taken from the television series "Miami Vice". It went to number 1 in Poland, number 2 in the United States, number 6 in Canada, number 20 in Australia, number 26 in Ireland, number 37 in the Netherlands, number 46 in New Zealand and number 63 in France.

Fantastic (Wham! album)

Fantastic is the debut studio album by English pop duo Wham! and was released on 1 July 1983. It topped the album charts in New Zealand and the United Kingdom. It went to number 5 in Australia, number 7 in Germany, number 8 in Finland, the Netherlands and Norway, number 15 in Sweden, number 17 in Japan, number 25 in Switzerland and number 83 in the United States.

Make It Big

Make It Big is the second studio album by English pop duo Wham! and was released in 1984. It topped the album charts in Australia, Canada, Finland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. It went to number 3 in Sweden, number 4 in Austria and number 5 in Germany.

Music from the Edge of Heaven

Music from the Edge of Heaven is the third and final studio album by English pop duo Wham! and was released on June 27, 1986 through Columbia Records. It went to number 9 in Canada and Japan and number 10 in the United States.

Wham Rap! (Enjoy What You Do)

"Wham Rap! (Enjoy What You Do)" is a 1982 debut single by English pop duo Wham! and is the lead single from their debut studio album "Fantastic" (1983). It went to number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Australia and the Netherlands, number 12 in Belgium and did not chart in the United States.

Young Guns (Go for It)

"Young Guns (Go for It)" (sometimes called "Young Guns (Go for It!)") is a 1982 song by English pop duo Wham! and is the second song from their debut studio album "Fantastic". It went to number 1 in Sweden, number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in Australia and New Zealand, number 8 in Belgium, number 9 in the Netherlands, number 10 in Norway, number 11 in Finland, number 20 in Germany and did not chart in the United States. The song was Wham!'s first hit, reached with some help from the BBC music programme "Top of the Pops".


Bad Boys (Wham! song)

"Bad Boys" is a 1983 song by English pop duo Wham! and is the fourth single from their debut studio album "Fantastic". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Finland, number 6 in Switzerland, number 8 in Belgium and Norway, number 9 in Australia, number 10 in New Zealand, number 11 in Sweden, number 12 in Germany, number 26 in the Netherlands and number 60 in the United States.

Club Tropicana

"Club Tropicana" is a 1983 song by English pop duo Wham! and is the fifth and final single from their debut studio album "Fantastic". It went to number 4 in Ireland and in the United Kingdom, number 8 in the Netherlands, number 10 in Norway and number 13 in Germany.

Freedom (Wham! song)

"Freedom" is a 1984 song by English pop duo Wham! and is taken from their second studio album "Make It Big". It went to number 1 in Iceland, Ireland, Norway and the United Kingdom, number 2 in Belgium and the Netherlands, number 3 in the Netherlands and the United States, number 5 in Finland and Switzerland, number 8 in New Zealand and South Africa, number 9 in Sweden, number 10 in Canada, number 14 in Germany, number 16 in France and number 23 in Austria.

I'm Your Man (Wham! song)

"I'm Your Man" is a 1985 song by English pop duo Wham! and was taken from their albums "Music from the Edge of Heaven" and "The Final". It went to number 2 in Scotland and the United Kingdom and number 10 in Ireland.

The Edge of Heaven

"The Edge of Heaven" is a 1986 song by English pop duo Wham! and was taken from their albums "The Final" and "Music from the Edge of Heaven". It went to number 1 in Belgium, Greece, Ireland, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, number 2 in Australia, Iceland, Italy and Norway, number 3 in Finland and New Zealand, number 4 in Germany and Switzerland and number 10 in Canada, Sweden and the United States.

Scandic Hotels

Scandic Hotels is a company that owns and manages hotels. It is based in Stockholm, Sweden, and mostly operates in countries like Sweden, Norway, Finland, and Denmark. They also have hotels in Germany and Poland. As of the end of 2018, the company had 11,560 employees and ran 283 hotels with 51,693 rooms for guests. They have been committed to being environmentally friendly since 1994.

The first hotel that started the Scandic chain was called Esso Motor Hotel. It opened in 1963 in Laxå, Sweden, and was popular because people were traveling more by car. The chain grew to 59 hotels in Europe by 1972. Esso then sold the hotels outside of Scandinavia, and the remaining 32 hotels, including five in Norway and Denmark, became the biggest hotel chain in Sweden in 1973.

In 1983, a Swedish group led by Ratos bought the company and named it Scandic Hotels. Ratos became the sole owner in 1985. In 1986, they opened their first hotel outside Scandinavia in Germany.

During the Gulf Crisis in 1990/91, the business was affected, and new management took over in 1992. In 1996, they bought Reso Hotels and became a publicly traded company. They expanded into Finland and Estonia in the following years.

In 2001, Scandic Hotels was bought by the Hilton Group, which is based in London. Then, in 2007, a Swedish company called EQT purchased the hotel chain for 833 million euros. In July 2013, Scandic Hotels teamed up with Swiss Hospitality to improve its digital systems. In 2014, Scandic Hotels acquired the Rica Hotels chain, which included 72 hotels in Norway and Sweden.

In December 2015, Scandic Hotels went back on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.

In 2014, Scandic Hotels introduced a new brand called HTL hotels, but in June 2016, they stopped using it and turned the four hotels in Stockholm and Oslo back into Scandic Hotels. In 2017, Scandic Hotels bought 43 Restel hotels in Finland, including Cumulus and Holiday Inn, for 114.5 million euros.

In March 2020, due to the Coronavirus pandemic, many Scandic employees were laid off. By April of that year, Scandic Hotels had a very low occupancy rate of only six percent, which caused them to lose over six billion in 2020.

By the end of 2018, the company had 11,560 employees and ran 283 hotels with 51,693 rooms for guests. In 2018, they made a profit of SEK 1,957 million.

Scandic Hotels has been committed to being environmentally friendly since 1994. They teach their employees about sustainability and have eco-friendly rooms. In 2001, their breakfasts in Swedish hotels received a special ecological certificate, and by 2004, all Swedish hotels had earned the "Swan" ecolabel.

Since 2015, Scandic Hotels has aligned with the UN's Sustainable Development Goals. They have teamed up with Too Good To Go and Karma to reduce food waste in their hotels.

Aldridge

Aldridge is an industrial town next to Walsall, in the West Midlands, England.

Dinsheim-sur-Bruche

Dinsheim-sur-Bruche is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Domfessel

Domfessel is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Donnenheim

Donnenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Nanba Shrine

Nanba Shrine is a Shinto Shrine in Osaka. It is a shrine for Gion worship dedicated to Susanoo-no-Mikoto.

It has a large lion-shaped building which is famous in Japan.

Some people think it was the Soja shrine of Settsu Province. Soja shrines are shrines where all the kami of a province can be worshipped at once.

Audenshaw

Audenshaw is a town in Tameside, Greater Manchester, England. In 2011, 11,419 people lived there.

Dorlisheim

Dorlisheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

The headquarters of Bugatti Automobiles is in Dorlisheim.

Dossenheim-Kochersberg

Dossenheim-Kochersberg is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Dossenheim-sur-Zinsel

Dossenheim-sur-Zinsel is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Drachenbronn-Birlenbach

Drachenbronn-Birlenbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Drulingen

Drulingen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Château de Drulingen was built in 1816.

Drusenheim

Drusenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France, on the bank of the Rhine River.


Duntzenheim

Duntzenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

San José del Guaviare

San José del Guaviare is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Guaviare Department.

1972–73 Austrian Cup

The 1972-73 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. SK Rapid Wien were the defending champions. From the quarter-finals onwards, two legs were played.
First round with teams from the Second League.

First round with teams from the first league.













SSW Innsbruck:

Friedrich Koncilia – Werner Kriess, Engelbert Kordesch, Johann Eigenstiller, Walter Skocik, Kurt Jara, Roland Hattenberger, Manfred Gombasch, Ove Flindt-Bjerg (42. Günther Rinker), Wolfgang Breuer, Hans Rebele<br>coach:Robert Gebhardt

SK Rapid Wien:
Adolf Antrich – Günter Scheffl, Norbert Hof, Erich Fak, Peter Werner, Werner Walzer, Karl Ritter, Bernd Lorenz, Hans Krankl, Herbert Gronen, Geza Gallos
coach: Ernst Hložek

SK Rapid Wien:
Adolf Antrich – Günter Scheffl (46. Egon Pajenk), Norbert Hof, Erich Fak, Peter Werner, Werner Walzer, Karl Ritter, Bernd Lorenz, Hans Krankl, Herbert Gronen (70. Stanislaus Kastner), Geza Gallos<br>coach: Ernst Hložek

SSW Innsbruck:

Friedrich Koncilia – Werner Kriess (81. Günther Rinker), Engelbert Kordesch, Johann Eigenstiller, Walter Skocik, Kurt Jara, Roland Hattenberger, Manfred Gombasch, Ove Flindt-Bjerg, Wolfgang Breuer, Hans Rebele<br>coach:Robert Gebhardt

Adolf Antrich – Ewald Ullmann, Günter Scheffl (105. Karl Müller), Egon Pajenk, Norbert Hof, Werner Walzer, Alois Jagodic, Rudolf Flögel, Bernd Lorenz, Clemens Kos (6. Jürgen Ey), Stanislaus Kastner<br> coach Ernst Hložek

Gerald Fuchsbichler – Anton Auer, Helmut Wallner, Stefan Vasgyura, Roland Gareis, Anton Wustinger, Herbert Onger (96. Ferdinand Janotka), Anton Herzog, Günther Happich, Günther Rinker, Johann Hörmayer<br> coach: Josef Argauer

List of Cambodia Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Cambodian Twenty20 International cricketers. They made their Twenty20 debut in May 2023.

One Headlight

"One Headlight" is a 1997 song by alternative rock band The Wallflowers. It was taken from their second studio album "Bringing Down the Horse". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 14 in Australia, number 29 in Iceland, number 54 in the United States, number 58 in Scotland and number 88 in Germany. It did not chart in the United States and New Zealand. It won 2 Grammy Awards in 1998.

Australian CD single, UK 7-inch and CD single

European CD single

Bernard D. Beitman

Bernard D. Beitman (born 1942) is a professor of psychiatry. At present time he is Founder and President of The Coincidence Project. He works as a private practitioner in psychiatry. He was the head of the psychiatry department at University of Missouri, Columbia. He has authored a number of books on psychology and related topics.

Beitman also has experiences in sports, such as Rugby. Since the early to mid 1970s, Beitman began to be fascinated on the subject of coincidences and has psychologically studied them. He became fascinated with them after experiencing one in 1973.

He has also began writing books on the same subject. His continuing research on coincidences includes launching a project called "the coincidence project." His research is not "completed" and he is continuing it and has also included publishing psychological papers on coincidence.

He also studied at Yale University and Stanford.

Beitman also coined the term simulpathity from his research into coincidence. Simulpathity is a coincidence in which an individual feels the pain or suffering of a loved one. In 1973, Bietman claims he experienced chocking despite having no objects in his throat. The next day, he was informed by his brother that his father, who was living on the other side of America, was chocking on his own blood and died. Beitman learned the timing of his fathers fatal chocking was occurring the same time as his, despite being thousands of miles apart.

He and his coincidental experiences have also been inspired by the works of Swiss psychiatrist, Carl Jung.

This coincidence then set him off on a curious mission to try and better understand the phenomenon. His research of interest in this topic is equally shared by other researchers.


Zangbeto

The traditional voodoo night guards among the Ogu (or Egun) people of Benin, Togo, and Nigeria are called Zangbeto. The Zangbeto cult, a traditional police and security group, is in charge of keeping law and order and ensuring safety and security in Ogu communities. 

They are much respected and serve as an unofficial police force, patrolling the streets, particularly at night, keeping an eye on residents and their possessions, looking out for offenders, and bringing them before the community for punishment. Zangbeto, who was originally meant to scare away the adversary, will patrol the streets looking for thieves and witches while defending law and order. 

Zangbeto is a term in the Gun language that means "Men of the night" or "Night-watchmen," relating to its basic cultural role in neighborhood vigilantism and neighborhood policing in Ogu cultures. The Zangbeto appears in a multilayered pattern of teeny-tiny ropes of hay, raffia, or other threadlike materials, which are occasionally dyed in vibrant colors. 

They have the capacity to enter trances during which, according to belief, spirits with specialized understanding of human behavior can inhabit their bodies. However, Ogu legend tells that there are no humans under the costume, only spirits of the night.

Castillon-du-Gard

Castillon-du-Gard is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Gard department in south France.

Danilo Pereira

Danilo Luís Hélio Pereira (born 9 September 1991), known as Danilo Pereira, is a Portuguese football player. He plays as a defensive midfielder or centre-back for Paris Saint-Germain and the Portugal national team.

Villers, Vosges

Villers is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Villers-aux-Bois

Villers-aux-Bois is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.


Duppigheim

Duppigheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Durningen

Durningen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Durrenbach

Durrenbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Durstel

Durstel is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Duttlenheim

Duttlenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is about southwest of Strasbourg, and about 20 km from the German border.

Former football manager of Arsenal F.C. Arsène Wenger grew up here.


Eberbach-Seltz

Eberbach-Seltz is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ebersheim

Ebersheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Paradise (2013 Mexican movie)

Paradise (Spanish: Paraíso) is a 2013 Mexican romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Mariana Chenillo. It is based on the novel by Julieta Arévalo. It stars Andrés Almeida, Miryam Gallego, Luis Gerardo Méndez, Camila Selser and José Sefami.

Ebersmunster

Ebersmunster is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

It is known for its 1727 baroque church, a work by Austrian architect Peter Thumb.

Eckartswiller

Eckartswiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Eckbolsheim

Eckbolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

The Magic Face

The Magic Face is a 1951 American Austrian drama movie directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Luther Adler, Patricia Knight, Jaspar von Oertzen, William L. Shirer, Manfred Inger, Rolf Wanka, Erik Frey, Heinz Moog. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Eckwersheim

Eckwersheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is about north of Strasbourg.

On 14 November 2015, the Eckwersheim derailment during testing of a TGV train along the LGV Est high-speed rail line. Ten people were killed.

Eichhoffen

Eichhoffen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Engwiller

Engwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Entzheim

Entzheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Strasbourg Airport is in the commune.

Epfig

Epfig is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Erckartswiller

Erckartswiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ergersheim, Bas-Rhin

Ergersheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. The main sights are the chapel of Saint Michel and the church of Saint Nicolas.

Ergersheim is twinned with:

Ergersheim

Ergersheim can mean:

Ernolsheim-Bruche

Ernolsheim-Bruche is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ernolsheim-lès-Saverne

Ernolsheim-lès-Saverne is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Erstein

Erstein is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Eschau, Bas-Rhin

Eschau is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Eschau (disambiguation)

Eschau can mean:

Eschbach, Bas-Rhin

Eschbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Eschbourg

Eschbourg is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Eschwiller

Eschwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ettendorf

Ettendorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Eywiller

Eywiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Fegersheim

Fegersheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Fessenheim-le-Bas

Fessenheim-le-Bas is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Flexbourg

Flexbourg is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Forstfeld

Forstfeld is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.


Condat-sur-Vienne

Condat-sur-Vienne is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Haute-Vienne department in west France.


Cilavegna

Cilavegna is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Lombardy region in Italy.


Forstheim

Forstheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Fort-Louis

Fort-Louis is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Fouchy

Fouchy is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Fouday

Fouday is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Friedolsheim

Friedolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Friesenheim, Bas-Rhin

Friesenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Frœschwiller

Frœschwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Frohmuhl

Frohmuhl is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Furchhausen

Furchhausen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Furdenheim

Furdenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Gambsheim

Gambsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Geispolsheim

Geispolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Geiswiller

Geiswiller is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Geiswiller-Zœbersdorf.

Zœbersdorf

Zœbersdorf is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Geiswiller-Zœbersdorf.

Geiswiller-Zœbersdorf

Geiswiller-Zœbersdorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2018 and consists of the former communes of Geiswiller (the seat) and Zœbersdorf.

Gerstheim

Gerstheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Gertwiller

Gertwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Geudertheim

Geudertheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Gaggiano

Gaggiano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.


Sulzburg

Sulzburg is a town in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

A Different Corner

"A Different Corner" is a 1986 song by George Michael. It was taken from Wham! albums "Music from the Edge of Heaven" and "The Final". It went to number 1 in Canada, Norway, Portugal, the United Kingdom and Zimbabwe, number 2 in Belgium, Ireland and the Netherlands, number 3 in Finland, New Zealand and Switzerland, number 4 in Australia, number 6 in Austria, number 7 in Germany, Iceland and the United States, number 16 in France, number 18 in Sweden, number 28 in Spain and number 78 in Japan.




Gingsheim

Gingsheim is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Wingersheim-les-Quatre-Bans.

Jumper (Third Eye Blind song)

"Jumper" is a 1998 song by American rock band Third Eye Blind. It is the fifth and final single from their debut studio album "Third Eye Blind". It went to number 5 in the United States and number 10 in Canada. It deals with suicide in the LGBT community.


Heaven (Bryan Adams song)

"Heaven" is a 1985 song by Bryan Adams and is the third single from his fourth studio album "Reckless". It topped the single charts in the United States and made the top 30 in Australia, Belgium, Canada, Germany, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland. It was covered by DJ Sammy in 2002.





Live tracks recorded at the Hollywood Palladium on February 1, 1985.

Gœrlingen

Gœrlingen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Gœrsdorf

Gœrsdorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Gottenhouse

Gottenhouse is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Mussig

Mussig is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Gottesheim

Gottesheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

The economy is based on agriculture.

Jumpin' Jack Flash

"Jumpin' Jack Flash" is a song by the Rolling Stones. The Rolling Stones are an English rock band. The song was released as a single in 1968. It is not on any of the band's studio albums. It is one of the group's most popular songs. Many music makers have made cover versions of the song, such as Aretha Franklin and Tina Turner. The Rolling Stones have played the song over 1,000 times at concerts. 

"Jumpin' Jack Flash" is a blues rock song. The band was known for making blues rock. However, the band also made other types of music, such as psychedelic music and baroque pop. Albums such as "Between the Buttons" (1967) and "Their Satanic Majesties Request" (1967) did not have blues rock on them. Because of this, "Jumpin' Jack Flash" was the band's return to making blues rock. 


U.S. Route 366

U.S. Route 366 might refer to:

Ancient Celtic religion

Ancient Celtic religion or Celtic paganism was followed by the Celtic people in Europe long ago. 

Since there aren't written records of their beliefs, we learn about them from what they left behind. The Celts believed in many gods and goddesses, and their religion was similar across different regions. and "a basic religious homogeneity" among the Celtic peoples. Some popular deities were Lugus, Toutatis, Taranis, Cernunnos, Epona, Maponos, Belenus, Ogmios, and Sucellos. They also believed in spirits in nature.

The priests of the Celtic religion were called druids, but we don't know much about them. The Celts held ceremonies in special places like groves and shrines. Caesar says the Gauls believed they all descended from a god of the dead and underworld. They made offerings of valuable items in water or wells. They sometimes sacrificed animals, and there are stories of human sacrifice, but it might be exaggerated.

We don't know all the festivals they celebrated, but they had four important ones during different seasons. After the Romans took over Gaul and southern Britain, the Celtic religion mixed with Roman ideas. Later, the Celts started following Christianity, and their old religion faded. However, Celtic mythology and beliefs had a lasting influence and inspired a modern religious movement called Celtic neopaganism. Therefore, all there is to study their religion from is the literature from the early Christian period, commentaries from classical Greek and Roman scholars, and archaeological evidence.

Always (James Ingram song)

"Always" is a 1986 song by James Ingram. It was taken from his second studio album "Never Felt So Good". It went to number 27 on the Billboard R&B charts.

I Don't Have the Heart

"I Don't Have the Heart" is a 1990 song by James Ingram and is the fourth single from his third studio album "It's Real". It went to number 1 in the United States and number 78 in Australia. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1991. It was covered by Stacy Lattisaw for her tenth studio album "What You Need".

Badenweiler

Badenweiler is a municipality and a spa town in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Buggingen

Buggingen is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. It is between the Rhine Valley and the Black Forest on the northern edge of Markgräflerland.


Heitersheim

Heitersheim (Alemannic: "Heitersche") is a town in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. The name of the school in Heitersheim is Johanniterschule.

It was the seat of the Grand Prior of Germany of the Knights Hospitaller from 1505 until 1806 and also the seat of the Principality of Heitersheim of the Holy Roman Empire from 1546 until 1806.

The town is in Markgräflerland in south Baden. The city has older central part Heitersheim and newer Gallenweiler.


Heitersheim is twinned with:


London Recordings

London Recordings (or London Records) is a British record label. It sold records for Decca Records from 1947 to 1980. It sold these records in places such as the United States, Canada, and Latin America. After 1980, London started to work in a more independent (working alone) way. The label is owned by Because Music.

London Records has owned many other record labels. Some of these are:

Urology

Urology also known as genitourinary surgery, is the branch of medicine that looks at diseases of the urinary system and the reproductive organs. This includes the kidneys, adrenal glands, ureters, urinary bladder, urethra, and the male reproductive organs (testes, epididymis, vas deferens, seminal vesicles, prostate, and penis).

Some problems are managed by surgery and some by drugs.

The Actor (Michael Learns to Rock song)

"The Actor" is a 1991 song by Danish band Michael Learns to Rock and was taken from their debut studio album "Michael Learns to Rock". It went to number 1 in Norway and Indonesia, number 32 in Switzerland, number 7 in Norway and number 4 in Denmark.

Standard

Dutch maxi-CD single

Egypt–Israel peace treaty

The Egypt–Israel peace treaty was a peace treaty between Egypt and Israel. It was signed by both countries in 1979, at the end of the Camp David Accords. It was the first treaty between a Middle-Eastern Arab nation and Israel. After signing it, Egypt was removed from the Arab League.

The Egypt–Israel treaty was signed by Egyptian president Anwar Sadat and Israeli prime minister Menachem Begin, and witnessed by United States president Jimmy Carter.

In 1947, the United Nations announced the Partition Plan for Palestine, which planned to divide Mandatory Palestine into different parts for Arabs and Jews. Many people were unhappy with this solution, and so a civil war broke out between the different religious communities.

When the British Mandate of Palestine ended and the State of Israel was founded on May 14, 1948, some Arab countries that were part of the Arab League attacked the young country. Among them were Syria, Egypt, and Jordan. Many believed it had been built on Palestinian territory without permission.

The Arab-Israeli War ended with Israeli victory in January 1949, and more than 18,000 people died in the many clashes. In Israel, the war is called "War of Independence", while Palestinians often call it "Nakba", which means catastrophe. More than 750,000 Palestinians were forced to leave their homes and lost everything. Today, there are more than 7 million Palestinian refugees in the world.

In the early 1950s, Egypt's president Gamal Abdel Nasser and his government planned to build a new dam in the country. They needed money, which they hoped to get from other countries. However, the United States and Great Britain did not support this project because of Egypt's connections to communist countries.

Nasser then decided to nationalise the Suez Canal in 1956 to earn profits from tolls. Britain and France, the countries that owned the Suez Company, were unhappy with this decision: they were afraid to lose control and to be cut off from the oil supply. They allied with Israel, whose government wanted to use the canal as well but couldn't because of continuous tensions.

On October 29, 1956, the Israeli army invaded Egypt and gained control of Gaza. Britain and France then demanded a ceasefire as planned, and their troops occupied the canal in November.

This conflict happened during the Cold War. To avoid a conflict between the East and the West, the UN, the United States of America, and the Soviet Union urged all foreign troops to leave Egypt. British and French forces left in December, but Israel occupied the area until March 1957.

The European powers lost control in the region, while the Soviet Union gained influence in many Middle-Eastern countries. President Nasser and Egypt were the winners in this war, and this led to stronger feelings of nationalism in the region.

The different wars and continuing conflict between Israel and Egypt led to the Six-Day War on June 5, 1967. Israel attacked Egyptian positions in the air and on land. The soldiers captured the Gaza Strip, the Sinai Peninsula, the West Bank, and the Golan Heights, and took control of the whole city of Jerusalem on June 7. This was especially important because Jerusalem as a holy city represented an important symbol for religion and nationalism.

The war lasted six days, until June 10, 1967. More than 20,000 Egyptian and 800 Israeli soldiers died in the battles. Because of Israel's victory and expansions, President Nasser resigned but soon returned to office. The war and Israel's new territories made the conflict worse.

The Yom-Kippur War began during the festivities of Yom Kippur and Ramadan, which are holy periods in Judaism and Islam. On October 6, 1973, Egypt and Syria attacked the territories Israel had won during the Six-Day War. Their forces quickly conquered the Sinai Peninsula and the Golan Heights. Because of the holiday, the Israeli army was not prepared. When Israel reacted, it took back control over the territories, and moved into Egypt and Syria.

The United States of America were on Israel's side and supplied weapons, while Egypt and Syria were supported by the Soviet Union. This proxy war was dangerous, because it could have led to a conflict between the United States and the Soviet Union. On October 25, 1973, the war ended with a ceasefire.

The Camp David Accords were the agreements made after the secret Camp David talks at the President of the United States' country retreat on September 17, 1978. The talks between Israel and Egypt lasted 12 days, until both sides agreed on certain terms. President Carter was a leading force for the agreements, and these accords led to the Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty in 1979.

After Gamal Abdel Nasser's death, Anwar Sadat became president, and Egypt's nationalist and Pan-Arabist politics changed. Sadat wanted to sign a peace treaty with Israel. After the Yom-Kippur War of 1973, he first made a state visit to Israel and officially recognised the country. Then, encouraged by the United States and Jimmy Carter, both sides secretly met at Camp David. 

The first agreement focused on "A Framework for Peace in the Middle East", which was supposed to end the conflict between Israel and its neighbours. It also tried include the Palestinian problem. However, the agreement failed, because both parties, Egypt and Israel, interpreted it differently. It did not answer the Palestinian question and created room for conflict.

The second agreement focused on "A Framework for the Conclusion of a Peace Treaty between Egypt and Israel", stating that the signing countries would enter a peace treaty with each other. This also meant that Egypt would receive back its lands in the Sinai Peninsula, but the country had to partially demilitarise. Israel would be allowed to use the Suez Canal. The agreement made sure the countries recognised each other.

These talks at Camp David made the Egypt–Israel Peace Treaty possible. The Egyptian people were happy because they hoped that these agreements would help their country's economy. Egypt's tourism flourished, and both sides became trading partners in the following years. But because the problem of Palestinian autonomy had not been solved, many, especially in Israel, believed the conflict would continue.

On March 26, 1979, Egypt's president Anwar Sadat and Israel's prime minister Menachem Begin signed a peace treaty at the White House in Washington, D.C.. The President of the United States, Jimmy Carter, was also present. He had helped the relations between the countries. The treaty ended the war between Egypt and Israel. It included an agreement to end the conflict and three major points: the determination of final lines and zones, a promise of good relations between the two countries, and the problem of Palestinian autonomy. However, the problem of Palestinian autonomy remained unanswered.

The Sinai Peninsula was divided into four zones, A, B, C, and D.

Zones A, B, and a part of Zone C were controlled by Egypt. Here, 22,000 soldiers and 248 tanks could be stationed. The rest of Zone C was under the control of the United Nations. Zone D was controlled by Israel, and could contain up to 4,000 personnel.

The problem of Palestinian autonomy was not solved with the peace treaty. Egypt and Israel agreed that Palestinians would become independent when a "self-governing authority has been freely elected". This meant that the Palestinian fate was still not secured.

Because Egypt signed the peace treaty, the most powerful Arab state had left the Arab-Israeli conflict. As the strongest among them was no longer fighting, many Arab states ended their active fight for Palestinian independence.

The peace treaty officially ended the war between Israel and Egypt, the first Arab country to officially recognise Israel.

Israel agreed to removed its armed forces from the Sinai Peninsula. In return, Egypt gave the country free access to the Suez Canal, and agreed to build good relations with Israel. Egypt also started receiving several billions of US-dollars from the United States for military goods and the economy.

The peace treaty meant Egypt officially recognised Israel. Because of this, many Arab countries doubted if Egypt was still fighting for the Palestinian cause. By April 1979, nine Arab countries did not have diplomatic relations to the country.

Several Arab countries also sanctioned Egypt, stopped economic aid to the country, and boycotted Egyptian goods. Egypt was suspended from the Arab League, and the organisation's headquarters were moved out of the country. 10 years later, in 1989, the country became a member of the Arab League again. The peace treaty formally ended the conflict between Egypt and Israel. There have been no wars between the countries since 1979. This has led to a decrease of military spending in Egypt. Since signing the treaty, Egypt and Israel have become trade partners. 

For their role in making peace between their countries, Anwar Sadat and Menachem Begin received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1978. Sadat was later assassinated in 1981 by Egyptian soldiers, who saw the treaty as an act of betrayal.

Sleeping Child (Michael Learns to Rock song)

"Sleeping Child" is a 1993 song by Danish rock band Michael Learns to Rock. It is the leading single from their second studio album "Colours" and went to number 43 in Sweden.

Wild Women (song)

"Wild Women" is a 1993 song by Danish rock band Michael Learns to Rock and is the second single from their second studio album "Colours". It went to number 52 in Germany and was very popular in Germany.

Chemical industry

The chemical industry changes raw materials (oil, natural gas, air, water, metals, and minerals) into more than 70,000 different products. Some chemical companies produce plastics as well as chemicals. Most chemical products are not sold to the public, but are used by chemists and technicians to make other things.

The chemical industry employs many people including chemical engineers, chemists and laboratory technicians.

The chemical industry really started with the Industrial Revolution. The first big factory was built in Prestonpans, Scotland, in 1749, to make sulfuric acid.

Castleford

Castleford is a town within the City of Wakefield. There were about 45,106 people living there in 2021. It used to be in the West Riding of Yorkshire. To the north of the town centre the River Calder joins the River Aire and the Aire and Calder Navigation. It is north east of Wakefield, north of Pontefract and south east of Leeds. Castleford is the largest town in the Wakefield district after Wakefield itself.

The town is the site of a Roman settlement. Within the old Municipal Borough of Castleford are the suburbs of Airedale, Cutsyke, Ferry Fryston, Fryston Village, Glasshoughton, Half Acres, Hightown, Lock Lane, Townville, Wheldale and Whitwood.

Castleford is home to the rugby league Super League team Castleford Tigers.

Theloderma horridum

The Thai bug-eyed frog, black-brown warted frog, Malayan warted tree frog, horrible bug-eyed frog, or spiny wart frog ("Theloderma horridus") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore, and Borneo. Scientists say it might also live in Sumatra.

Theloderma khoii

Khoi's mossy frog ("Theloderma khoii") is a frog. It lives in northern Vietnam and southern China, in Yunnan Province. People have seen it between 1320 and 1750 meters above sea level in Vietnam and about 1600 meters above sea level in China.

The adult male frog is about 52.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 59.4 mm long. The skin on the frog's back has many warts on it. The skin on the frog's back is dark green, like moss. There is some magenta color.

Judea and Samaria Area

Judea and Samaria (also known as the West Bank region of Palestine) is a land spanning from the Jordan River in the east, to Israel in the west. The total population of the West Bank surpasses 3.2 million.

The West Bank is Controlled by the State of Israel, but at the same time has some autonomy over itself, with its own government called the Palestinian National Authority, in contrast to the (until recently) more independent region of the Gaza Strip.

Temperance hall

A temperance hall is a building where people could meet, talk, and do things. They had rules so people could come and not be bothered by others who were behaving badly by drinking too much wine and other alcoholic drinks. Many temperance halls were built in the 1800s for the "temperance movement" and many still can be found today.

I'm Over You (Martine McCutcheon song)

"I'm Over You" is a 2000 song by English singer and actress Martine McCutcheon. It is the leading single from her second studio album "Wishing". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 3 in Scotland and number 23 in Ireland. It was her second successful song in the United Kingdom following her 1999 single "Perfect Moment".

UK CD single

UK cassette single

U.S. Route 20A

U.S. Route 20A may refer to:


Ordinary World (song)

"Ordinary World" is the 23rd single by English new wave band Duran Duran and is the leading single from their seventh studio album "Duran Duran (The Wedding Album)". It went to number 1 in Canada and Italy, number 2 in Iceland and Sweden, number 3 in Ireland, New Zealand and the United States, number 5 in Norway, number 6 in France and the United Kingdom, number 7 in Denmark, number 11 in Switzerland, number 15 in Austria, number 16 in Germany and the Netherlands, number 18 in Australia and number 20 in Belgium.







In 2000, English electronica band Aurora featuring Irish singer-songwriter Naimee Coleman released a cover version of "Ordinary World". It went to number 4 in Scotland, number 5 in the United Kingdom and number 6 in Ireland.






Anytime You Need a Friend

"Anytime You Need a Friend" is a 1994 song by Mariah Carey and is the fifth and final single from her third studio album "Music Box". It went to number 1 in Finland, number 5 in Canada and New Zealand, number 7 in Panama, number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Iceland, number 11 in the Netherlands, number 12 in Australia, France, Scotland and the United States, number 13 in Belgium, number 15 in Switzerland, number 16 in Ireland, number 25 in Austria, number 34 in Japan and number 41 in Germany.





Double Jeopardy (1999 movie)

Double Jeopardy is a 1999 American German Canadian crime thriller movie directed by Bruce Beresford and starring Ashley Judd, Tommy Lee Jones, Bruce Greenwood, Annabeth Gish, Roma Maffia, Jay Brazeau, Michael Gaston, Brian Croucher. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Epsilon Piscis Austrini

Epsilon Piscis Austrini, also known as ε Piscis Austrini, is a blue-white star in the constellation of Piscis Austrinus. It can be seen with the naked eye and has an apparent visual magnitude of +4.17. The system is located about 400 light years from the Sun and has an annual parallax shift of 8.0981 ± 0.3582 mas as seen from the GAIA satellite.

Four Seasons in One Day

"Four Seasons in One Day" is a 1992 song by Crowded House. It is from their third studio album "Woodface". It went to number 26 in the United Kingdom, number 33 in New Zealand, number 47 in Australia, number 50 in the Netherlands and number 68 in Canada. It did not chart in the United States.

UK 7-inch and cassette single

UK CD single

Track 2; outtake from the "Woodface" sessions later to be released on "Afterglow", track 3: remix version from "Tequila sunrise" soundtrack, track 4; outtake from the "Woodface" sessions" previously released on the "Chocolate Cake" CD single and later to be released on "Afterglow".

Alternate UK CD single

"Weather with You" and "Italian Plastic" were recorded at The Town & Country Club, London, 9 November 1991. "Message to My Girl" was recorded live at the Birmingham Town Hall on 5 March 1992 and not previously recorded by Crowded House.

Australian CD

"There Goes God" was recorded in Maastricht, Netherlands.

Australian extended single

"Italian Plastic" was recorded at the State Theatre, Sydney. "Love You til the Day I Die", "It's Only Natural" and "Four Seasons in One Day" were recorded at the Newcastle Civic Theatre, Australia.

List of Belgium Twenty20 International cricketers

This list includes all players from Belgium who have played at Twenty20 International matches. They made their debut in Twenty20 Internationals in 2019.

Middle Eastern music

Middle Eastern music is a form of art created in the region named Middle East. Rhythm is key in the Middle East, think about Quranic texts, prayercalls, and everyday conversations. Its characteristics are the use of quarter tones and the lack of chords. Middle Eastern music uses a lot of different instruments. A characterizing instrument is the qanun, a zither instrument. Other instruments are the oud, and the saz, both string instruments, similar to a guitar. 

These musical terms will come often in this page. A short guide with definitions of these terms could be useful. 

Scale = a collection or group of musical notes that are organized in a specific order. It gives music its characteristic sound in a particular culture.

Mode = a collection of notes that are related to a central note, and together they create a specific type or style of music. They determine the rules and conditions for playins this music.Rhythm = Arrangement of sounds and pauses that form a song's beat. It sets the pace and makes you feel the groove. It controls the length and timing of each sound.

Beat = The basic unit of time in music. A constant, regular pulse that repeats throughout a piece.

Musical tone = A steady periodic sound.

Pitch = The position of a sound in the full range of sounds. How high or low a sound is.

Chords = combination of three or more notes, with a harmonic pitch.

Instrument = Anything that is used to produce a musical sound.

Genre = Category that groups music together based on shared traditions and conventions.

The main religion in the Middle East is Islam. There is very little ceremonial music as music is seen as problematic in Islam. Rhythms are used for to recite the Qu'ran but not music itself. Rhythmic modes are used in Islamic music, these modes are called "īqāʿāt in Arabic." Folk music and art music are similar and common in the Middle East.

Music was already known in the pre-islamic society. Musicians at that time had a high rank in society. The Muezzin is the person that calls for the daily prayers. Prophet Muhammad would ask the Muezzin to do a call for prayers as his soothing voice was comforting. During the time of the Prophet, music was not tolerated but recitation and rhythm were commonly used. Many musicians appeared during the Umayyad and Abbasid Caliphates. Culture was exchanged: Arabs, Persians, Turks and Byzantines were coming together through music and creating new styles and forms. Later, the Islamic Empire grew even bigger. This led to more musical exchanges in Asia, Europe, Africa and Byzantium. 

Arab music became more and more popular over time. Today, Arab music is considered as one of the richest and most unique musical traditions. The music reflects historical interactions with various genres and types. Middle Eastern musicians continue impressing the world with their musical talent.

Turkish music is a form of art created in Turkey. It was formed through Central Asian Turkic people, the Ottoman Empire and modern Western music.

The music from Turkey is different from the music from other Middle Eastern countries. When you explore the heart of Turkish music, you will find two main genres: classical and folk music. The key elements of Turkish music include being experimental, melodic, and easy to understand.

Turkish music is characterized by unique scales and rhytmic patterns. Just like Middle Eastern music, Turkish music also uses a lot of instruments. The instruments are the oud, the saz, the ney (type of flute), the kemenche (string instrument that is bowed), and the darbuka (a type of hand-drum). 

Turkish classical music is called "Klasik Türk Musikisi" in Turkish. It is a genre on its own under Turkish music. It has the human voice as its basis. The classical music of Turkey is based on a scale. This scale has seven notes and a specific pattern of breaks between each note. This system of notes and breaks is called "makam" in Turkish, which is essential for Turkish classical music. There are different "makamlar" (plural of "makam") and they each have their own set of rules. The scale covers a wide range of musical pitches, because of the wide range of high and low notes. This wide range of high and low notes is referred to as "two and a half octaves" in the music world. Also important is singing. Skilled vocalists, which are called "sanatkar", are known for their ability to give rise to emotions of the lyrics.

Reading about Turkish Classical music is helpful, but hearing it can be too. Clicking on the name of the video will give a chance to listern to Turkish Classical music. The video is called "Yaşar Kurt - Yaz Günleri".

Turkish pop music was born in the 1950's. It started with the making of covers of popular styles from other countries. "Hafif-batı" means "light western" and refers to these imported songs. Later, Turkish artists began writing their own songs and develop their own style.

Turkish pop music has been influenced by the West, yet it continues to promote national values. Turkish ordinary music is said to be multicultural as it mixes Western cultures with Eastern cultures. Turkish pop songs promote modern sounds as well as traditional sounds. Names that are big in this genre are: "Tarkan, Hadise, Aleyna Tilki" and "Mustafa Sandal".

Reading about Turkish Pop music is helpful, but hearing it can be too. Clicking on the name of the video will give a chance to listen to Turkish pop music. The video is called "Mustafa Sandal - Araba".

Turkish Rock is also known as "Anatolian Rock". This is a genre under Turkish music. This genre is a mix of Turkish folk music and Western rock. Atatürk, founding father of Turkey, wanted to make Turkey more like the West (more European and American). Thus, music also became more like that of the West, but still with some Ottoman elements. It combines Turkish and Western elements in language, instruments, rhythm, melody, and harmony. Seen as Western elements, instruments like the electric guitar, bass guitar and drums are used. Names that are big in this genre are: "Barış Manço, Erkin Koray" and "Selda Bağcan."

Reading about Turkish Rock music is helpful, but hearing it can be too. Clicking on the name of the video will give a chance to listen to Turkish Rock music. The video is from one of the artists mentioned above, "Barış Manço." The video is called "Barış Manço - Dönence (1982-TRT)".

Gulliver's Land

Gulliver's Land is a theme park containing 25 rides including a pirate ship (bucaneer) spinning cups (giant tea cups) and more. There is also a log flume containing two drops.

It is located in Newlands near MK (Milton Keynes) and was opened in 1999. Gully and Gilly are the two mascots of the Theme Park. 

Gulliver's Land is the third park opened by Gullivers the other two are Gulliver’s World in  and Gullivers Kingdom (Matlock). The biggest Gulliver's Theme park is Gulliver’s World in Warrington.

Gulliver’s Land includes four different Zones which are called Splash Zone (closed in 2020), blast arena, the SFEAR and Dinosaur and Farm Park.

Mr Stink

Mr. Stink is a book by David Walliams. 

It was published on 29 October 2009. 

"Mr. Stink" was originally published by HarperCollins in hardcover format. 

The book has been adapted as a stage musical and has been made into a television film of the same name by the BBC shown during Christmas 2012 on BBC1.

It is an adventurous-themed book for children and according to Henry IX from the Guardian 'It is a really, really hilarious book, probably one of the best I have read in my life'. The book was shortlisted for the Blue Peter Best Book of the Decade.  

A 60-minute film of "Mr. Stink" aired on 23 December 2012 on BBC One after it was originally scheduled to air on Boxing Day. The film was the most watched in its 6:30-7:30pm timeslot with 6.34 million viewers tuning in. It was also broadcast in 3D and was the BBC's first ever narrative program to be filmed in 3D                                                              

A girl who saw a man on a bench with his dog called duchess.  Duchess loves sausages and he also likes Chloe the girl.

She invites Mr. Stink to her house and her mum gets mad.

Hamza Yassin

Hamza Yassin is a wildlife cameraman and TV presenter. He was born in Sudan and traveled to England with his parents to continue his studying. He went to and worked on Zoology. Then he found his passion for nature.

History of Kurds

The Kurds are an Iranian ethnic group in the Middle East. They live in the mountainous areas to the south of Lake Van and Lake Urmia, a geographical area collectively referred to as Kurdistan. Most Kurds speak Northern Kurdish Kurmanji and Central Kurdish (Sorani).

The Shaddadids were a Kurdish dynasty that ruled in Armenia and Arran between 951 and 1174. It was between the Kura and Araxes rivers. They dominated a large part of the Caucasus until the Seljuk ruler Toghrul came to the region.The dynasty was first established in Dvin, and it also dominated Barda and Ganja. The Shaddadis army organized expeditions against the Bagratuni dynasty and the Khazars from 1020 onwards. Fadl I successful in the beginning, but on his way back from a successful campaign in 1030, he met Georgian and Armenian forces and was defeated. They fought against the Byzantine army between 1047 and 1057. Then the influence of the Shaddadis in the region dwindled. From 1067 onwards, the Shaddadis dynasty was occupied by the Seljuks. It continued as a dependent dynasty until 1174. The cities of Ani and Tbilisi were given as gifts due to his service to the Seljuks.

Originally of Azdi Arab descent, the Rawadids ruled Tabriz and northeastern Adharbayjan in the late 8th and early 9th centuries.

The Marwanids were a Kurdish dynasty in the Diyar Bakr region of Upper Mesopotamia and Armenia. The founder of the Marwanids, Bad or Baz was a shepherd, took up arms and became a war chief. He was popular. From the middle of the tenth century he made conquests in Eastern Anatolia. He first came from the south and took Erciş and the fortified positions around it. Baz strengthening his influence, captured Diyarbakir (Amid) and Silvan and Nusaybin, which were under the control of the Buyids.

In 984 he defeated Samsam al-Dawla, the sultan of the Buyids, and captured Mosul. Although he wanted to take Baghdad, he failed and had to leave Mosul. In 991, Baz, who tried to capture Mosul again, was defeated by the Hamdanids, the rulers of the city, and died in this battle. His sister's son Abu Ali Hasan ibn Marwan ascended the throne in 990. Marwan made Mayyafariqin (Silvan) his capital. He continued to fight against the Hamdanids and defeated them twice. When Hasan ibn Marwan was assassinated in Diyarbakır in 997, he was replaced by his brother Said ibn Marwan. The Marwanid dynasty, enjoyed considerable economic and cultural prosperity, but the Kurdish languagedoesnot appear. In 1085, the Seljuk army captured most of the region after a fierce battle.


Mother's Little Helper

"Mother's Little Helper" is a song by the Rolling Stones. The Rolling Stones is an English rock band. Mick Jagger and Keith Richards wrote the song. It is a folk rock song. The song is about Valium and other sedatives. It was recorded in December 1965. The song was the first track on the United Kingdom version of "Aftermath" (1966). It was not on the United States version of the album. It was released as a single in the US on 2 July 1966. The song was on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for nine weeks.


Archery at the 2017 ASEAN Para Games

The archery competitions at the 2017 ASEAN Para Games in Kuala Lumpur took place at National Sports Complex, Malaysia in Kuala Lumpur.

The 2017 Games featured competitions in ten events (men 4 events, women 4 events, and mixed 2 events).

The following events will be contested:

Ice sledge hockey at the 2017 ASEAN Para Games

The ice sledge hockey competitions at the 2017 ASEAN Para Games in Kuala Lumpur was held at the Empire City Ice Arena in Selangor and served as part of the qualification for the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang. This is the only time that ice sledge hockey was included at the ASEAN Para Games. The next edition of the tournament would be included at the 2020 ASEAN Para Games in the Philippines but it was canceled due to COVID-19 pandemic.

The 2017 games featured men's tournament as a official event and women's tournament as a demonstration event.

The following was the competition schedule for the ice sledge hockey competitions:


The tournament will follow a single round robin format with the top team by the end of the tournament winning the gold medal.


"All times are Malaysia Standard Time ()"

Source: IIHF.com

Only the top five goaltenders, based on save percentage, who have played at least 40% of their team's minutes, are included in this list.

Source: IIHF.com


Alpine skiing at the 1986 Asian Winter Para Games

Alpine skiing at the 1986 Asian Winter Para Games took place in Sapporo, Japan from 4 April 1986 with four events contested — two each for men and women.

Cross-country skiing at the 1986 Asian Winter Para Games

Cross-country skiing at the 1986 Asian Winter Para Games took place in the city of Sapporo, Japan with six events contested — three each for men and women.


Alpine skiing at the 1990 Asian Winter Para Games

Alpine skiing at the 1990 Asian Winter Para Games took place in the city of Sapporo, Japan from 10 April 1990 with four events contested — two each for men and women. Slalom events would later be substituted for Super Giant Slalom events in the next Winter Para Asiad but reinstated in the 1999 Winter Asian Para Games in South Korea.

Cross-country skiing at the 1990 Asian Winter Para Games

Cross-country skiing at the 1990 Asian Winter Para Games took place in the city of Sapporo, Japan with six events contested — three each for men and women.


Ice sledge speed racing at the 1990 Asian Winter Para Games

Ice sledge speed racing at the 1990 Winter Asian Para Games took place in Makomanai Skating Centre Sapporo in the city of Sapporo, Japan with nine events contested — five for men and four for women.

A total of 58 athletes from 5 nations competed in speed skating at the 1990 Asian Winter Games:

Somerset, Tasmania

Somerset is a town in Tasmania, Australia. At the , Somerset had a population of approximately 3,900.

Theloderma laeve

The bamboo moss frog, Smith's Asian frog, smooth bug-eyed frog, or Smith's Asian tree frog ("Theloderma laeve") is a frog. It lives in southern Vietnam. People have seen it between 700 and 1200 meters above sea level. Scientists think it may live in Cambodia and Laos too.

Big N' Tasty

The Big N’ Tasty is a hamburger made by the fast food chain McDonald's. It is designed to compete with the Whopper sandwich.

The Big N' Tasty has a seasoned quarter-pound () beef meat patty with ketchup, mayonnaise, slivered onions, two dill pickle slices, lettuce, and one tomato slice on a sesame seed bun.

1892 United States presidential election

The 1892 United States presidential election was the 27th presidential election in the United States. It happened on November 8, 1892. Grover Cleveland, the Democratic candidate and former President of the United States, won the election. He defeated the incumbent president, Benjamin Harrison, and the third-party candidate James B. Weaver, a former Congressman from Iowa, who ran as a member of the Populist Party.






Theloderma petilum

The slender warted tree frog or slender bug-eyed frog ("Theloderma petilus") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam in the Muong Nhe Nature Reserve. It also lives in Laos and Thailand. Scientists think it may live in China.

The adult frog is about 33.8 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog is soft yellow-brown in color with black stripes. There is some lavendar color on the tops of the legs.

McDouble

The McDouble is a hamburger sold by the fast-food restaurant chain McDonald's. It is like the double cheeseburger, with only one slice of cheese placed between the two beef patties. It was introduced in 1997. It is one of the cheapest products sold by the company. It is also said that people would buy the McDouble rather than buying the Big Mac.

Volkswagen emissions scandal

The 2016 Volkswagen’s Dieselgate scandal involves the car brand Volkswagen. The United States Environmental Protection Agency found a program which was intentionally put in Volkswagen vehicles that made their Turbocharged Direct Injection (TDI) engines to activate emissions controls only during laboratory emissions testing, which caused the vehicle to meet US standards only during testing. The vehicles ended up emitting 40 times more emissions in real world driving conditions than in the lab. This caused Volkswagen (and it’s sub-brands such as Audi and Skoda), to recall 11 million cars altogether worldwide which were produced within the years of 2009-2015 that had their Diesel engines equipped.

McRib

The McRib is a barbecue-flavored pork sandwich sold by the fast food restaurant chain McDonald's. It was first on the McDonald's menu in 1981, following testing the year before.

After low sales it was removed from the menu in 1985. It was reintroduced in 1989 and stayed on the menu until 2005 in many countries. Since 2006, it has been made available for a short time each year where it is sold during the fall season, although it is a permanent menu item at McDonald's restaurants in Germany and Luxembourg. It was reintroduced again in late 2023 to some stores in the United States. 

The McRib consists of a restructured boneless pork patty shaped like a miniature rack of ribs, barbecue sauce, onions, and pickles, served as a sandwich on a roll.

The sandwich along with the cultural phenomenon of "chasing the McRib" were the subject of a subplot in "The Simpsons" episode "I'm Spelling as Fast as I Can". It is parodied as the "Ribwich" and gains a cult following.

An Easier Affair

"An Easier Affair" is a 2006 song by George Michael. This is the leading single from his second greatest hits album "Twenty Five". It topped the single charts in Hungary and Italy and also went to the top 40 in Australia, Denmark, Greece, Ireland, the Netherlands, Scotland, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

CD single and digital single

Syncopation (Band)

Syncopation is an Indian Contemporary Jazz and Funk band led by guitarist and composer Risshi S Sachdeva. Founded in 2009, the band plays an eclectic mix of Modern Jazz blended with elements of funk, swing, and bebop. Their music is characterized by soulful melodies, modern grooves, and frenzied improvisations, showcasing their unique approach to Jazz as an evolving art form.

The band was formed as a trio by Risshi S Sachdeva in 2009 after completing his music studies From Melbourne, Australia. With a deep passion for jazz and a desire to create innovative music, Risshi assembled a group of talented musicians who shared his vision. The band's lineup has evolved over the years, but the core essence of their music remains constant.

The first set of line-up included Joshua Grant on drums and Brenen Denfer on bass guitar, followed by Nikhil Vasudevan replacing grant on drums, he continues to be an active member of the band. He was joined by Sahil Warsi on acoustic bass in 2010. This was the longest running trio format for the band which lasted till 2013 when Warsi left to pursue music studies at the berklee college of music. Warsi was replaced by Shashank Das on acoustic bass for a short period which lasted two years finally being replaced by virtuoso bass player, Sonic Shori who is an active member of group.

The Current line-up of the band includes Risshi S Sachdeva on guitars, Nikhil Vasudevan on drums, Sonic Shori on electric bass, Vatsal Bakhda On keys, Aniket Chaturvedi on tenor saxophone and Abhay Sharma On alto sax.

In 2019, Syncopation released their highly acclaimed debut album titled 'TUNE IN.' This landmark release has been hailed as an Indian Jazz masterpiece, pushing the boundaries of the genre and showcasing the band's growth as musicians and composers. The album features a collection of original compositions that reflect Syncopation's unique attitude and musical direction.

Syncopation's music is characterized by a fusion of Modern Jazz, funk, swing, and bebop. They skillfully blend soulful melodies with modern grooves, creating an exciting and vibrant sound. The band's approach to Jazz reflects their belief that the genre is an evolving art form that should constantly push boundaries and embrace new influences.

Syncopation has established itself as one of the prominent Jazz bands in India, having performed at numerous independent and corporate shows. They have also graced the stages of highly coveted music festivals and venues, earning accolades for their soulful and energetic performances.

In 2013, Syncopation released their highly acclaimed debut album titled TUNE IN. this landmark release has been hailed as an Indian Jazz masterpiece, pushing the boundaries of the genre and showcasing the band's growth as musicians and composers. The album features a collection of six incredibly written original compositions that reflect Syncopation's unique attitude and musical direction. ‘Tune In’ led the way for many upcoming bands and artists to create original jazz based music.

‘Rishikesh’ was released as a single during the covid period of Feb 2020, incredibly received by the their fans and critics alike. The song become a huge hit in the jazz circuits and continues to remain popular on Spotify jazz playlists, YouTube and other digital platforms alike. This again pillared the band as a true stalwart in the modern jazz scene. There are many bands who have tried to imitate the sound and feel of the band but Syncopations music continues to be unique and forward pushing. Their sound continues to inspire artists and fans across the globe. By creating memorable songs and longing for in their music, they can be regarded as a truly unique band, genuine to their artform. The band has performed for the biggest brand names like Rolex, Audi, Honda, Google, Coca Cola, Reliance, BMW, HP, American Centre, Bacardi, Blenders Pride, Lakme Fashion Week, Tuborg, Fratelli Wines, Airtel, Hindustan Times, Brand USA, Asian Paints, JK Tyres, Kingfisher, Jaypee Group, Tata Motors, Mint Newspaper, LPG India, Sabic, Grover Zampa Wines, UNESCO, Yamaha etc.

Syncopation has also headlined some of the most prestigious Jazz Music Festivals like Jazz India Circuit Fest, Area 79 Music Fest, Open hand Jazz Festival, Calcutta Jazz Fest, Wills Fashion Week, International Jazz Day, Blue Frog, Jaipur Polo Fest, Celeste Music Fest and many more. The band is currently working on their new album titled ‘The Indian Sky’ set for release in 2023. the album is going to have 6 tunes and is certainly going to gratify their fans around the world.

Their critically acclaimed debut album, 'TUNE IN,' has received widespread recognition within the Indian music scene. It has been celebrated as an Indian Jazz masterpiece, showcasing the band's artistry and their contribution to the genre.


Whip It (Devo song)

"Whip It" is a 1980 song by American new band Devo and it was taken from their third studio album "Freedom of Choice". It went to number 11 in Canada and New Zealand, number 14 in the United States, number 51 in the United Kingdom and number 77 in Australia. The music video used sexual themes and despite this it became very popular on the fledging television channel MTV.

Got the Time

"Got the Time" is a 1979 song by British new wave singer Joe Jackson. It was taken from his debut studio album "Look Sharp!". It has been played frequently in concerts.

In 1990, American thrash metal band Anthrax covered "Got the Time" for their fifth studio album "Persistence of Time". The single went to number 16 in the United Kingdom in 1991. It was covered again in 2021 by Finnish folk metal band Korpiklaani.

Lips Like Sugar

"Lips Like Sugar" is a 1987 song by Echo & the Bunnymen and is the second single from their fifth studio album "Echo & the Bunnymen". It charted in the United Kingdom, Ireland and New Zealand. It did not chart in the United States.

All tracks written by Will Sergeant, Ian McCulloch and Les Pattinson except where noted.




Shamkhan A

Shamkhan A -Fashion Show Director is a fashion choreographer and show director who is the first Indian from Kerala to direct "Miss Grand International", ‘ Miss India International’ Miss India Earth’ . He has worked as fashion choreographer and show director for over 100 shows across India. 


National Excellence award - Youngest show director of the country - 2019 

1 − 2 + 3 − 4 + ⋯

In mathematics, 1 − 2 + 3 − 4 + ··· is an infinite series.Using sigma summation notation the sum of the first "m" terms of the series can be expressed asformula_1

The series' terms do not approach 0; therefore diverges by the term test. Divergence can also be shown directly from the definition: an infinite series converges if and only if the sequence of partial sums converges to limit, in which case that limit is the value of the infinite series. The partial sums of are:

The sequence of partial sums shows that the series does not converge to a particular number: for any proposed limit "x", there exists a point beyond which the subsequent partial sums are all outside the interval ), so diverges.

Since the terms follow a simple pattern, the series can be manipulated by shifting and term-by-term addition to yield a numerical value. If it can make sense to write for some ordinary number "s", the following manipulations argue for formula_2So formula_3.

Middle Eastern and North African cinema

Middle Eastern and North African Cinema is a term for the movie productions that have taken place in any of the Middle East and North African countries. 

In the 19th Century, the region was divided between France and the United Kingdom. They had claimed protection over the countries through agreements and deals made between them (ie. Sykes-Picot Agreement). Because these countries did not have control over their economies and their political structures it was very hard to build national film industries. Only European movies were available. Culture was also repressed, especially in the French-protected countries, which made it even harder to produce films. 

The Lumière Brothers were the first film producers to present a movie to audiences in the region. They screened a movie for a selected audience in Egypt in Cairo and Alexandria. In 1896 the first movie exhibition took place within the Ottoman Empire, in Istanbul. After the success of the first screenings, in 1897 screenings took place in cities at Algeria (Algiers, Oran), at Tunisia (Tunis), at the Moroccan royal palace Fez. In 1900 screenings were taking place at Jerusalem in the Europa Hotel. All the movies that were shown were only addressing the tastes of the European colonizers. Watching movies as a form of entertainment was directed towards Europeans. There was no representation of the local cultures and there were no moves to make movies more approachable to locals. 

Cinemas, also known as movie theaters, were soon built. The first was built in 1896 in Algiers and, shortly after, the Lumière Brothers built the "Cinematographé Lumière" in Alexandria. Between 1906 and 1908 the French movie company built cinemas in Cairo and Alexandria, and in Tunis. The first cinemas, like the first screenings of movies, were not addressed towards the native people. Egypt was the first country in which movies had voice-overs in Arabic allowing native audiences to watch as well. While cinema, as a form of entertainment, was widely accepted in North Africa, in much of the Arabian Peninsula it was not because of religious reasons. 

Similarly to the first cinemas, the first movie productions were also in the hands of foreigners, mostly Europeans. Algeria, Egypt, and Palestine (specifically Jerusalem) attracted many European film producers who shot movies in what they called the "Orient." The Lumière company and Thomas Edison were some of the production companies that shot movies there. 

Those film productions were dominated by Westerners. Not only were they not made for natives, but they also included very few natives in the production processes. This was not the case for the Ottoman empire. In 1911 the , who were of Balkan origins and Ottoman citizens, filmed the journey of Sultan Reşat Mehmet to different cities in Macedonia. 

Egypt was the first colonized country to develop a national film industry. Already in 1909, the funeral of was filmed by an Egyptian person, and by 1920 Egyptian actors and actresses were already given main parts in movies, as well as directorial roles.

The 1920s were important for the development of film industries in Middle East, and especially North Africa. Egypt became the center of the local film industry. Many popular short and long films were filmed in Egypt, and production companies collaborated with Egyptian actors, cameramen, and directors. is a short movie produced by Bonvelli in 1920. It is one of the first to have an Egyptian actor play an important role. In 1921, the film "The Country of Tutankhamun" (في بلاد توت عنخ أمون) was produced by an Egyptian cameraman, Muhammad Bayyumi. In 1927 the first full-length silent film, "Layla", was made in Egypt and it was fully produced by a native woman, Aziza Amir, who also played the female leading role. In Egypt, in 1928, there were two full length films produced, more than other countries in the region at the time. Opinions regarding who directed "Layla" differ. What is known for sure is that Aziza Amir was the producer and the owner of her own production company "Isis Films". In the beginning, it seems like the movie was to be directed by Wedad Orfi, who was the leading male actor; however, the movie was at the end directed by another man, Stephane Rosti. It is not known why this change happened, and it could explain why the filming process began in 1925 but was completed in 1927. 

In 1922 the first short film was produced in Tunisia, named "Zohra," and shortly after the first long film was produced. In 1928 the first movie was produced in Syria with a native director and leading actor, and in 1929 Jordano Pidutti an Italian director, directed a film about a Lebanese immigrant in the United States. Badr and Ibrahim Lama were the first Palestinian filmmakers. They were born in Chile but moved to Egypt to produce their first film in 1927. They are significant figures of Arab cinema. 

The 1930s begin with Egypt leading another successful production of a full length silent movie, "Zeinab", and with the first Iranian movie being produced, "Abi and Rabi". 1932 was a groundbreaking year. The first two movies with sound were produced. For technical reasons, they had to be recorded in Paris, France. 1932 was also the year that the first movie with clear Zionist ideas emerged, "Oded The Wanderer". There were big waves of immigration of Zionist Jews in the area of Palestine in the 1920s and 1930s because of the Balfour Declaration. 

In 1933 Herta Gargour, a Lebanese woman, financed the opening of a Lebanese production company called "The Lumnar Film Company". This production company produced the first film that was fully financed by Lebanese producers, "In the Ruins of Baalbek". It was also the first movie in which the Lebanese dialect of Arabic was spoken. 

The official start of Palestinian cinema is in 1935, when Ibrahim Hassan Sarhan filmed and produced Saudi Crown Prince Saud bin Abdulaziz‘s visit to Palestine. 

In 1934-35 the Studio Misr was established in Egypt. The film studio was founded by the , which is still a functioning bank, and under Talaat Harb a very well-known economist and co-founder of Banque Misr. Banque Misr was founded in 1920 and it had the goal of nationalizing Egypt's economy. The initiative to open their own film studio was part of Egypt's nationalization process. Harb managed to send young men abroad to learn the newest European techniques in film production and then with funding from Banque Misr acquired sophisticated equipment. The Studio Misr was a very successful project. It produced many successful movies, such as "Wedad, Munyet Shababi, al-‘Azeema, Salama fi Kheir", and many more. The success of many of these movies was due to the movie touching on important social issues of the time such as poverty. Many big stars also grew through this company, such as Umm Kulthum who was already a successful singer, but started a successful acting career. 

Unfortunately, not all the countries saw the growth of national industries, especially those occupied by France, where native culture was repressed and only French culture was promoted. From the 1920s, especially in the 1930s many French movies were produced in Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia. These countries were used as backgrounds due to their "exotic" look and the perceptions that Europeans had about the "Orient." The use of these countries for their "exotic" features caused the reproduction of many negative stereotypes against the natives.

In 1941 Iran's Shah, Reza Shah, had to step down from his position to due foreign pressures. Syria started an independence movement from France. In 1943, the French granted independence to Lebanon. These independence movements increased film production in the region. 

In 1943, the first post-independence movie was produced in Lebanon called "The Rose Seller". The same year in Turkey the first fully dubbed movie was produced, "Troubled Spring". In 1944 the "Centre Cinématographique Marocain" was founded with the goal of producing Moroccan films. In 1946, France established "Studios Africa" in the Maghreb (Algeria, Tunisia, Morocco) to produce documentaries with material from the colonies. Both of these studios had the purpose of creating and sharing propaganda regarding the revolts that were taking place in French colonies. By 1946, the studios were producing films in Arabic, not only French, and they became much more approachable to the audience by producing content that discussed Islam. Nevertheless, the movies' purpose was to spread propaganda especially against resistance fighters that were requesting independence from the French.

In 1948, Turkey, Iran, and Iraq saw growth in their film industries. In Iran, Esmail Kushan founded the "Mitra" film company which could produce sound movies. This was important because until then sound movies had to be filmed in Europe. In Iraq, "Alia and Issam" the first Iraqi movie was produced. In Turkey, the government decreased the tax on cinema tickets which increased the demand for films and the production of films. The State of Israel was established and in 1949, the "Israeli Motion Picture Studios" opened.

Egypt managed to gain independence from the British in 1952 with the "Free Officers" overthrowing the monarch and establishing the Ministry of National Culture and Language. Just two years later, in 1954, war broke out in Algeria. Algeria demanded independence from the French colonial forces. In 1956, Egypt gets attacked by Israel during the Suez Crisis. Morocco and Tunisia are granted independence by France in 1959 as well, but not Algeria, and Spain also gives up its territories in Morocco. By 1958 the first Lebanese Civil War begins. 

Despite all the setbacks, film industries still managed to grow. Youssef Chahine is an important Egyptian director who always included some political commentary in his movies. He lived through very turbulent times in Egypt and he is well-known for not accepting censorship. He discussed topics such as the British occupation, Nasser's rule, Islamism, and the changing relationships between the Arab world and the Western world. One of his most important films is "Jamila the Algerian", produced in 1958. This is his first film in which the message was clearly political. Another important work of his is the documentary "Cairo, As Told By Chahine," released in 1991, which showed the two sides of Cairo: an opulent center of the Arab world and a city ridden by poverty and religious intolerance. In 1953 the first Turkish color film was produced by , called "Carpet-weaving Girl." In Lebanon the were founded. In 1957 the first Jordanian film was produced, "Struggle in Jarash". It was the first movie which was fully produced in Jordan by locals, and it was produced in Arabic. In the same year "Where to?" by was the first fully Lebanese movie that was presented at the Cannes Festival.

The 1960s were a decade of change in the region. This change is connected to liberation, especially in North Africa, and it, can be seen through the expansion of national film industries. Algeria gained its independence in 1962 after 8 years of war. At the time that liberation was granted, Algeria had 424 cinemas, many more than other countries of the Maghreb. Non-print sources of information were very important in Algeria when forming a national identity because of the very high illiteracy rates. The use of cinema, or radio, played such a significant role in the independence war that the French declared those mediums colonial propaganda. By 1964, Algeria had managed to nationalize its film industry with a very important figure of Algerian cinema . Algeria is home to a native group, Amazigh which speaks Berber. This group was always the most suppressed under French colonization, but it continued being suppressed even under an Algerian government. This can be seen in productions of , an Algerian government-owned production company, where Berber languages were strictly forbidden.

Palestinian cinema also grew in the 60s as a form of resistance. Mustapha Abu Ali, Hany Jawhariya, and Sulafa Jadallah established a film unit in Jordan which was owned by Fatah, which at the time was the liberation force in Palestine. It produced documentaries about the Israeli occupation of Palestine. Other organizations such as the PFLP, the , and the PLO also started producing documentaries to spread their cause, but they couldn't be as successful as the Algerian organizations because they had no access to the occupied territories. Their films focused more on the life conditions in refugee camps and in military actions and attacks that were taking place out of the occupied territories. An example of such a documentary is the "Aftermath" which is a short documentary the depicts the humanitarian conditions at the refugee camps after the 1967 war with the goal of gaining humanitarian aid for the Palestinians. What was different about this documentary is that it included interviews from natives speaking Arabic which made the message stronger. However, this movie as well as many others of that time fail to address the problem behind the refugees and present the refugees as "a problem that needs to be solved." 

Morocco gained its independence from France in 1956. The Moroccan state took no control over the cinemas. The first feature films were produced in 1968 by the national film organisation Centre Cinématographique Marocain, which was founded by colonial authorities in 1944. It is still the heart of Moroccan national cinema today. During the 60s Tunisia still struggled for independence so the movies produced in Tunisia were either French productions or films that demonstrated the struggle for independence.

"The Night of Counting the Years" or "The Mummy" was produced in Egypt in 1969 by Shadi Abdel Salam and it is based on a true story. The Egyptian star Nadia Lufti who was featured in this film was an important figure in Egyptian cinema. It is considered to be one of the best Egyptian movies to have ever been produced as it marks the start for the age of realism in Egyptian cinema. Moreover, it was shot in which is very uncommon for Egyptian films. 

The 1970s were a decade of instability in many of these countries. In 1970-71 the situation between Israel and Palestine evolved rapidly with thousands of Palestinians losing their life due to the Black September events. While this was a tragic escalation of the conflict, it allowed Palestinian Resistance Cinema to grow. Palestinian Resistance Cinema is different compared to other resistance cinemas because it did not change public opinion on the conflict, but it did work as a mobilization force for many Europeans as well as a unitary force between Arabs and Palestinians. These were documentary-style films that had the ultimate goal of educating and informing people. One example of such a film is "With Soul, With Blood" which was produced by the Palestinian Film Unit in 1971. It discusses the conflict between the army of the Jordanian king, King Hussein, and the PLO, and the attacks that followed (Black September). It was directed by Mustafa Abu Ali and it was a cornerstone for Palestinian and MENA Resistance Cinema as it made commentary on Western Imperialism in the Middle East in general. In 1976 in Lebanon, which so far was experiencing its "golden-age" in cinema, the second Lebanese Civil War broke out which put an abrupt end to the success of Lebanese cinema for some time.

In Morocco, the film industry did not experience much growth. That is partly due to the fact that Moroccan film production was not nationalized so there was very little incentive to produce films, and partly because cinema did not seem to be that popular in Morocco. That led to many Moroccan films being very popular internationally but not in Morocco. Tunisian cinema did not grow much either, as the film industry was dominated by European and French productions. At a time more approximately 60% of all available films were European.

Other countries were experiencing growth in their national film industries. In 1972, Egypt saw one of its greatest productions "Watch Out for Zuzu" featuring one of the greatest Egyptian actresses, Souad Hosni. In the same year, Syria organized the first International Film Festival for Young Arab Cinema in Damascus, and the production in Turkey reached an average of about 300 productions annually. Algeria also experienced growth in the 70s. In 1975 Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina produced "Chronicle of the Years of Ashes", a movie about resistance and the fight for independence in Algeria. Lakhdar won the Palme D'or at the Cannes Film Festival in 1975 for the production of that film. This was the most expensive Algerian production so far, and it popularized Algerian cinema internationally. In 1978, "The Nubah of the Women of Mount Chenoua" was the first Algerian film directed by a woman, Assia Djebar 

The 1980s inherited much turmoil from the previous decades. Lebanon was still going through Civil War (started 1976 - lasted 15 years), a new war breaks out between Iran and Iraq in 1980, Turkey went through a three year long dictatorship from 1980 to 1983, and in 1982 Israel invaded the south of Lebanon. These developments were a major setback for the film industries of the countries. 

The Israeli attack on Beirut affected the Palestinian film industry significantly. The PLO's headquarters were located in Beirut and many important documents, pictures, videos, etc. were stored there. The destruction of the headquarters caused a decrease in the production of Palestinian films. The loss, however, was not detrimental with a new famous movie being produced in 1987 by director Michel Khleifi. The movie "Wedding in Galilee" was the first fictional Palestinian movie and it was inspired by the challenges Palestinians faced living in territories controlled by the Israeli military. 
The war between Iran and Iraq inspired a new movie genre "sacred defence." About 50 films were produced in that genre during the war. Despite the production of such films, the Iranian regime was overall against cinema. After the 1979 Islamic Revolution and in the first three years of Khomeini's rule more than 150 cinemas were destroyed throughout the country. This was because cinema and film production was seen as a way for the west to "inject" its values into Iran and Islamic states in general. Later on, cinema proved to be a necessary medium for the regime as it could easily spread information. The movies that could be produced from then and on had to be approved by "The Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance" (established in 1982) and had to fit in some specific "boxes." By 1983, the Iranian regime seemed more keen on producing and exporting films and the "Farabi Cinema Foundation" was established. During the 1980s few films were produced in Iran but they were successful. In 1986 two major movies were produced that put Iran on top of film productions internationally, "The Runner" by Amir Naderi and "Bashu, The Little Stranger" by Bahram Beyzai. Three years later, the movie "Where Is My Friend's House?" was the first by Abbas Kiarostami, famous Iranian director. 

By the 1980s most film industries were well-established. Lebanon plaid a significant role in the distribution of Egyptian films internationally due its colonial connections with France. Algeria and Syria provided funds to young native film-makers but Morocco provided no resources to native film-makers and focused all its funds to foreign documentaries. Even the countries that made efforts to nationalize their film industries were missing one main factor, money. Many countries in the region were fighting for survival and depended on foreign funding. 

During the 1980s Palestinian productions saw a decrease because of the ongoing conflict. Despite the harsh conditions that film producers and directors had to work under they still managed to produce few influential movies. One of them was a documentary-style film "Children, Nonetheless" (also known as Children, Nevertheless) which came out on the UN-declared year as Year of the Child and pointed out the discrepancy between the declaration and the living conditions of Palestinian children. 

The 1990s were marked by a new wave of Islamic Fundamentalism in the region, and increased violent conflicts. These two main factors had some effect on the growth of national film industries. Egypt, previously known as one of the countries with the most vibrant and successful film industries, started a "witch-hunt" against artists, including actors/actresses, directors, and script writers. The peak of this era of "witch-hunts" in Egypt was in 1994 when Youssef Chahine, arguably the most important and successful Egyptian director, got sent to court for one of the movies he produced. That movie is called "The Exiled" and Chahine was sent to court for it because it depicted the Prophet Joseph, which according to the religious rulings in Egypt and Islam was not allowed. Despite the court ruling that the movie should be removed from movie theaters, it remained one of the most popular and successful movies of Chahine. Despite the regime's response, in 1997 Chahine went on to create another very successful movie which challenged Islamic Fundamentalism, "Destiny." Not all countries had the same response to the rise in Islamic Fundamentalism. Tunisia in 1994 saw the production of the film "Beb El-Oued City," a film which demonstrated the consequences that Islamic and religious fundamentalism could have in the society. That movie made it to the Cannes Film Festival and won the International Critics' Prize by the F.I.P.R.E.S.C.I., as well as a lot of global recognition. 

In 1990, Iraq invaded Kuwait, and in 1991 the U.S.A. invaded Iraq starting the Gulf War. Just a year later, in 1992, Algeria gets in a 10-year-long Civil War. These conflicts put a rough end, or long pause, to the film industries of these countries. Algerian cinema, once very successful, crumbled with the cinema sector being privatized in 1993 and the government organization responsible for funding closing down by 1998. 

Palestinian films kept getting produced at a steady pace, and got a boost when Rashid Masharawi established the "Cinema Production and Distribution Center" in Ramallah in 1996. In 1995 Khleifi produced what is considered to be one of the greatest Palestinian productions, "Tale of the Three Jewels." It was a successful movie internationally and it made a difference by not showing any violent scenes or scenes from war in general, but rather demonstrating the effects of the war on people, and children more specifically. 

In 1990 the first privately-owned television channel opened in Turkey, with the name of "Magic Box Inter Star 1". This was a first for the region and it put an end to the era of the Turkish film industry as many professionals started working for the TV. However, in 1996 "The Bandit" (Eşkiya) is the first film to be released in the new cinema of Turkey, which managed to somewhat revive domestic film production. 

Iranian cinema flourished in the 1990s. In 1991 Rakshan Bani-Etemad became the first woman to receive the "Best Director" award at the in Iran. She won this award for her movie "Nargess." Later, in 1997, Abbas Kiarostami won the "Palme d'or" at the Cannes Film Festival for the film "Taste of Cherry". Also, a wider range of films were allowed to be released, because the rules for Iranian cinema become less strict. 

In the 2000s, regional cinema grew a lot as some directors started discussing certain taboo topics such as homosexuality and transsexuality. A film released in the year 2000, "Room to rent" (Khaled al-Haggar)"," is about an Egyptian man called Ali who is studying in London. He becomes friends with Mark, a gay photographer. This creates a fresh perspective on sexuality and socially prescribed sexual roles. The 2002 film "Une minute de Soleil en moins," directed by Nabil Ayouch depicts a police inspector who starts a friendship with a transvestite. These are quite well-known examples, but other films that critique sexual repression of queer people more obviously did not reach such a wide audience. Examples are the Lebanese "How much I love you" by Akram Zaatari and Palestinian Tawfik Abu Wad's "Diary of a Male Whore". 

Most national film industries grew in the 2000s, while others had a setback because of conflicts. Egypt still dominated the Arab film scene. However, it has also progressed a lot in the 21st century compared to the three decades beforehand. In the 70s, 80s and 90s cinema in the country was slowed down largely due to government film institutions being made private. Since then, more movies have been produced and have also improved in quality. In the year 2000, three Iranian movies won awards at International Film Festivals, "The Apple" by Samira Makhmalbaf, "Djomeh" by Hassan Yektepanah, and "A Time for Drunken Horses" by Bahman Qobadi. These movies became well-known and established Iranian cinema on the global stage.
In 2004 the Palestinian Film Foundation was created in the United Kingdom to organize Palestinian cinema in the UK. The Palestinian film "Paradise Now" directed by Hany Abu-Assad was released in 2005. This was the first Palestinian film allowed to enter in the United States Academy Awards. The non-governmental organization Shashat was founded in Ramallah. Its primary objective is to encourage women's filmmaking. Many young Palestinian women joined the documentary filmmaking scene in the 2000s. Three important Palestinian documentary filmmakers are Rima Essa, Suha Arraf and May Oday. All of them work and live in Palestine. The dominant themes in modern Palestinian films are "Palestinian displacement, exile, diaspora and statelessness".

In Turkey, domestic cinema brings in more money than international films in 2008. In fact, the top ten films in terms of profit are all national films. It is the first time for this to happen since the years. In post-Yeşilçam Turkey, new themes have appeared in films. Examples are "novel interpretations of Turkification and of Turkey's relationship to digital technologies, globalization and transnationalism".

A new country that has entered the international film industry in the Middle East is the United Arab Emirates. Its first domestically produced film "Dream" was released in 2005 and directed by Hani Al-Shibani. It takes place in the desert, where a group of actors is moving around. Film festivals are taking place in the U.A.E., such as the Middle East International Film Festival, the Dubai International Film Festival, the Emirates Film Competition, and the Gulf Film Festival. The financial base and infrastructure to support filmmaking now exist in the Emirates, as well as film training schools. 

Pita Limjaroenrat

Pita Limjaroenrat (, , ; nicknamed "Tim"; born 5 September 1980) is a Thai politician and businessman. He is the leader of the Move Forward Party. From 2019 to 2023, he was a member of the House of Representatives.

Pita led the Move Forward Party into the 2023 general election.

Pita first joined as a member of the Future Forward Party (Thai:, RTGS: Phak Anakhot Mai). Pita initially joined as a member of the Future Forward Party (Thai:, RTGS: Phak Anakhot Mai). He accepted Thanathorn Juangroongruangkit's invitation to run in the 2019 Thai general election and was chosen as the fourth party-list representative for his party, winning a seat in the House of Representatives. He accepted Thanathorn Juangroongruangkit's invitation to run in the 2019 Thai general election and was elected as the fourth party-list representative for his party, earning a seat in the House of Representatives.

He outlined the "Five-Button Theory" in a speech he gave in the House of Representatives in July 2019. According to this theory, the government should concentrate on the following agricultural policies: land ownership, farmer indebtedness, cannabis usage, agro-tourism, and water resources. Interior Minister Anupong Paochinda appreciated his remarks despite the fact that he is a member of another party.

He was chosen as the new head of the Move Forward Party (Thai:, RTGS: Phak Kao Klai) two weeks after his party was liquidated. He joined 54 other former party members there and was subsequently elected on March 14, 2020.

Pita led the Move Forward Party during the general election of 2023. When his party won the most votes on May 15, he said that he was prepared to take office as prime minister and asked the Pheu Thai Party and several other minor parties to form a coalition government.

Silver Wing

Silver Wing is a care home in Tokyo. 

It is well known for using technology such as bed sensors, robotic walking aids, and interactive entertainment to reduce pressure on staff. Robotic aids are used to lift and move people to and from their beds. 

Steve Barclay visited it in May 2013.

Oh Sherrie

"Oh Sherrie" is a 1984 debut single by Steve Perry. It is the leading single from his debut studio album "Street Talk". It went to number 3 in the United States, number 1 in Canada, number 6 in South Africa, number 5 in Australia and number 8 in New Zealand and received heavy airplay on MTV.

Cryin'

"Cryin'" is the third single off of American rock band Aerosmith's eleventh studio album "Get a Grip". The song was released on June 20, 1993.

The song was able to make it to #1 on the Mainstream Rock, #11 on the Mainstream Top 40, and #12 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts. It was also certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). 

The song is about a relationship that goes from good to bad. Vocalist Steven Tyler said that he considered it a country song and the band just "Aerosmith’d it".

A music video for the song was released. It was directed by Marty Callner. During the video, it cuts back and forth to the band playing in a church and the story. In the story, a girl catches her boyfriend cheating on her in a movie theatre. Later, the couple a driving in a car. She breaks up with him, punches him in the face and kicks him out of the car. She is shown getting a tattoo and having sex with another man. Later, her car breaks down. She gets a naval piercing and eats at a diner. While eating, a man steals her backpack, she chases him down and kicks him. She considers commiting suicide by jumping off an overpass and her ex-boyfriend shows up to the scene. She jumps off and it's shown that she has a bungee jump rope tied to her waist. Her ex-boyfriend looks down to her and she gives him the middle finger.

The video features actors Alicia Silverstone as the girl, Stephen Dorff as the ex-boyfriend, and a then-unknown Josh Holloway as the backpack thief. It is the third Aerosmith music video that Silverstone has appeared in with her also being in "Amazing" and "Crazy".

It was the most requested video on MTV in 1993.

Gustave Marchegay

Gustave Marchegay, born on August 25, 1859 in Saint-Germain-de-Prinçay and died on June 19, 1932 in Bains-les-Bains, is a French architect, watercolourist and sculptor.

Emile Gustave Marchegay was born on August 25, 1859 in Saint-Germain-de-Prinçay, in Vendée. Admitted in 1881 to the École Polytechnique, he joins the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts from which he graduated in 1885.

Gustave Marchegay then becomes architect of the City of Paris, and will thus be an inspector at the facilities of the Great Exhibition of 1900. As an Engineer of Arts and Manufactures, he was named Knight of the Legion of Honor on August 14, 1900.

On behalf of his architectural firm, established rue de Tournon in Paris, he drew up the plans for the châteaux of Coupigny in Orbais-l'Abbaye, and La Bobinière ( Mouchamps, Vendée). We also owe him part of the Célestins barracks and the reconstruction of the buildings of the École alsacienne.

As Protestant, he planned the construction of a number of religious buildings in Île-de-France, such as the chapel in Ville-d'Avray.

From 1928, Gustave Marchegay exhibited at the Salon d'Automne . He quickly became known for his aquatic sculptures, drawing inspiration from the long hours he dedicated to his passion. : fishing . He dies on June 19, 1932 in Bains-les-Bains, and is buried in the Montparnasse Cemetery .
Gustave Marchegay married in 1885 the granddaughter of Désiré Nisard, writer member of the French Academy.
Some of his sculptures are kept at the Musée d'Orsay, in Paris, as well as at the museums of La Roche-sur-Yon and of Mont-de-Marsan.

Pismis 24-1

Pismis 24-1 (also known as HD 319718) is the brightest star in the Pismis 24 open cluster in the NGC 6357 nebula. It is 6,500 light years away. It was thought to be the most massive star known: actually it is made of three stars. These are still some of the most luminous and most massive stars known.

Eccleshall

Eccleshall is a small town and civil parish in the county of Staffordshire in England. The town is seven miles from Stafford and six miles from Stone.

In 2022, it had a population of around 6,500 people.

Eccleshall is located on the A519 road that runs from Newcastle-under-Lyme and Newport. Junction 14 of the M6 motorway is only five miles south of the town.

The nearest railway station used to be Norton Bridge, three miles east of Eccleshall, but this station officially closed in 2017. The nearest railway stations now are at Stafford and Stone.

Eagle House is a Grade II listed building located in the town. Eccleshall Castle is also Grade II listed and is mentioned in the Domesday Book.

The Holy Trinity Church is said to date back to 1195.

The town has a semi-professional association football club called Eccleshall F.C. who play home games at Pershall Park in Pershall, a small village to the west of the town.

Eccleshall is twinned with Sancerre, a small medieval town in France.

Louis Majou

Colonel Louis Majou is a French politician born in 1764 in Mouilleron-en-Pareds ( Vendée ) and died on February, 25 1832 in Sainte-Hermine .
Colonel Majou was born as "Louis Jacques Luc Majou des Grois" on November, 11 1764 in Mouilleron-en-Pareds, although his parents had resided in the nearby market town of La Couture. He was baptized as a Protestant the next day. His father was a landowner (lord of Pacaudières and Cars) and died early, leaving him an orphan at 17 years old.

We know only a few elements of his life before the Revolution. Inheriting some business in La Rochelle, he probably studied law in this city, where he certainly resided during his youth.

In 1792, Louis Majou was recognized enough in La Rochelle to be elected lieutenant of the free company. He took part as an infantryman in the siege of Toulon.
Enlisted in the active army, Majou follows Bonaparte to Italy. In his Memoirs, Antoine Sérieys reports that the latter, then commander of the place of Legnague, was close to being summarily executed by peasants. The scene takes place on 25 germinal year V : Sent as an emissary by General Monleau, Majou negotiates with the authorities of a village located near Florence . An Italian aimed his gun at the officer, who was saved only by the intervention of the priest.

On November 30, 1799, Louis Majou was appointed battalion commander and assigned to the 11 light demi-brigade. During the Egyptian campaign, he befriended General Belliard, also from Vendée. Reformed in 1803, he was reinstated in the army with the rank of lieutenant-colonel and became aide-de-camp to Belliard in Spain . During the Russian campaign, he belonged to the cavalry staff. As such, he was made a legionary knight on the decision of Major-General Berthier de Wagram, in 1812.

Placed on half pay during the first Restoration, Majou was elected deputy of Charente-Maritime on March 11, 1815 for the period of the Hundred Days. He returns to his business in La Rochelle at the end of his mandate.

In April 1816, Colonel Majou took part in a subscription of officers in favor of King Louis XVIIl. He died on February 25, 1832 at La Barre in Sainte-Hermine.

Antoine Dominique Bordes

Antoine Dominique Bordes (1815-1883) was a French shipowner and business manager, founder of the shipping company that bears his name.

Born on July 22, 1815 in the Gers ( France ) where his father was a physician (from the University of Paris), he joined his older brother Antoine Bordes at the age of 16, in Bordeaux. Baptized Antoine Apollinaire, he takes the name of his brother in Chile for his business.

Antoine Dominique Bordes left at the age of 18 on the "Scythian" to Latin America and arrived in Valparaíso ( Chile ). He then began to work as a shipping agent and to create a commercial entourage. In 1837 he founded a consignment house. In 1840, at the age of 25, he joined forces with Captain Casimir le Quellec to create a port trading company between Bordeaux and Valparaiso, which was transformed in 1847 into a maritime shipping company with headquarters in Bordeaux.

The Bordes navigation company was created in 1868. Until the death of the founder, the company established itself on Boulevard Malesherbes in Paris and organized its traffic from the ports of Bordeaux, Nantes, Dunkirk, Le Havre . From the 1870s hits ships also carried Chilean nitrate to Liverpool and Glasgow.

From February 1857 to July 1859, the Pereire brothers hired him to straighten out the helm of the Compagnie Générale Maritime . During this period, he was the extraordinary administrator-general. He and Wulfran Puget, also a ship owner, got along : his sons will baptize one of their ships to his memory.




Alexandre Bordes

Alexandre Bordes (1860-1943) was a French shipowner and senior executive of the shipping company that bears his name.

Alexandre Bordes was born on December 7, 1860 in Valparaíso, Chile, where his father Antoine Dominique was a shipowner. In 1878, he was associated with his brothers in the company, which was transformed in 1883 into the Ant. Dom. Bordes and sons, then MM. Bordes company. On the death of his older brother Adolphe, he headed the "Compagnie française d'armament de d'importation de nitrate de soude".

He became a member of the Superior Council of the Merchant Navy from 1919 to 1925 . As part of his services for National Defense, he was promoted to Officer of the Order of the Legion of Honor. Alexandre Bordes was chosen in 1936 to hold the position of Under-Secretary of State for the Merchant Navy. 

He dies on September 9, 1943 in Paris, at the age of 59. Owner of the Nellcote villa, he is in particular the creator of his tropical park.

The award for the Sailing Club's cruise races in Villefranche-sur-Mer has borne his name since 1928 : Alexandre Bordes Prize.



Minor chord

In music, a minor chord is a combination of three different notes. For example, when using a piano, and you want to play the C minor chord (Cm, as minor chords are always denoted with a small 'm'), you must play C, followed by Eb, followed by G.

Paper Mario: Color Splash

Paper Mario: Color Splash is a 2016 action-adventure role-playing video game developed by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Wii U console. It is the fifth installment in the Paper Mario series, within the larger Mario franchise.

1888 United States presidential election

The 1888 United States presidential election was the 26th election in the history of the United States. It occurred on November 6, 1888. This election was between Incumbent President Grover Cleveland of New York and former U.S Senator from Indiana and grandson of former President William Henry Harrison, Benjamin Harrison. Harrison won the election with 233 electoral votes. Cleveland got only 168 electoral votes.






Foreign relations of Turkey

Turkey, officially the Republic of Türkiye, is a transcontinental country known as the "gateway from Europe to the Middle East". Because of this important position, play a large role in how this region functions.

The Republic of Turkey was founded on 1 November 1923, with Mustafa Kemal Atatürk as the first President of Turkey. He implemented many reforms in the country, including the secularization of Turkey, lessening the importance of Islam. Because of these major reforms in the country, their foreign relations were less important, and the country was relatively isolated on an international level.

Mustafa Kemal Atatürk died in 1938, and his death marked the start for a new period in Turkish foreign relations. The main focus of this new period was World War II. The new president, İsmet İnönü, was in a difficult position, having to choose between the Allies and the Axis powers. In the end, despite signing a treaty with the United Kingdom and France , but Turkey decided to stay neutral, selling chrome to both sides. However, just before the end of the war, Turkey declared war on Germany and Japan in February 1945. This showed some good will to the Allies, and it allowed Turkey to join the United Nations as one of the fifty-one founding members.

As mentioned above, Turkey was one of the fifty-one founding members of the United Nations. Turkey also joined the NATO (North Atlantic Trade Organization) in 1952. The country received Marshall Plan aid, a financial support plan designed by the United States to stop the Soviet Union from spreading communism. This shows Turkey's good relations with the West during the Cold War. 

After the Cold War had ended and the Soviet Union had been dissolved, Turkey went into a process to enter the European Union, which still has not happened yet. Despite this, Turkey can be seen as an intermediary between Russia and the EU, two opposing blocks. 
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan came to power as Prime Minister of Turkey in 2003 and became President of Turkey in 2014. Under Erdoğan, Turkey has implemented a policy of . This policy means that Turkey should honour its Ottoman heritage by maintaining strong relations with all regions formerly under Ottoman rule. This has led to Turkey trying to get more power in neighbouring regions, like the Balkans, the Middle East, and the Caucasus. Additionally, Turkey has shifted away from a Western-oriented foreign policy under Erdoğan, instead having a less democratic and more pro-Russian, pro-Chinese approach. This is a cause for concern for some in the West.

Turkey has been a NATO member since 1952, seeking protection from the threat formed by the Soviet Union. Turkey has been involved in different NATO operations and training programs, and houses various military bases and airbases for NATO. They have participated on NATO's side in the Korean War before they had joined NATO, sent troops to Afghanistan, and received NATO support to defend themselves from the threat of potential airstrikes formed by the Syrian Civil War. In the first half of 2022, Turkey stood central in NATO. Due to the threat of Russia, EU members Sweden and Finland wanted to enter NATO. All member states accepted except for Turkey, stating as reason that these states gave asylum to Turkish refugees, deemed to be migrants by the Turkish state. These people were often part of organisations like the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), the (PYD), or the (YPG), and the Turkish state says that these are terrorist organisations.

The European Union (EU) and Turkey established relations in 1959, and made their relations formal in 1963 with the . The EU and Turkey are also members of the . 
Turkey's foreign relations policies have historically been focussed on relationships with the Western world, moving to the historical goal of . As Turkey's AKP-led government has put more focus on Turkey's regional presence in the Balkans, the Middle East and the Caucasus, the relationship with the Western world has been deteriorating and negotiations of accession to the EU have come to a halt.

Turkey was one of the first few members to join the Council of Europe in 1950. Since the 1963 Ankara Agreement, relations between Turkey and the European Union were improving and in 1987, Turkey applied for membership to the European Economic Community, which later became the European Union. The negotiations for accession are still ongoing, but have come to a standstill in recent years after president Erdogan's crackdown on supporters of the 2016 Turkish coup d'état attempt, the presidential powers created by the and Turkey's path to a more autocratic form of government. Although Turkey is not a member of the EU, have been implemented based on the Ankara Agreement. 

Since the 2016 Turkish purges, relations with the EU have deteriorated significantly. Some of the most notable issues affecting these relations are the , the , the Turkish , and the Turkish . 

Arguably the most pressing issue is the . Since the outbreak of the Syrian civil war in 2011, Turkey has taken nearly 4 million . Many of these refugees moved on to Europe, sparking the 2015 European migrant crisis. In 2016, the EU and Turkey made a 'refugee deal', which resulted in the EU giving financial support to Turkey to strengthen its borders and host refugees. 

"Main article: "

Turkey has an extensive network of embassies and consulates around the world, representing Turkey and providing consular services for Turkish citizens abroad. Turkey has the 5th largest diplomatic network globally, with 258 diplomatic and consular missions worldwide serving as a vital link between Turkey and the rest of the world and promoting trade, culture and diplomatic relations. Turkey is also part of 25 .

"See also: "

The foreign policy of Turkey since the AKP took power in 2002 is commonly called "Neo-Ottomanism". This political ideology encourages , economic neoliberalism, more engagement in neighbouring regions and Turkey as leader of the Islamic world. This has resulted in improved relations with the Middle East, especially with Iraq, Iran and Syria. Turkey currently has 15 diplomatic missions in the Middle East.

"See also: "

Turkey's relation with Africa has been steadily improving since 1998. Trade between Turkey and Sub-Saharan Africa has increased more than tenfold from 1998 to 2015. Turkey has 39 diplomatic missions in Africa.

"See also: "

In the Americas, Turkey maintains very good relations with the United States of America. The two countries maintain excellent strategic, cultural, public and most importantly . Throughout the Americas, Turkey has 29 diplomatic missions.

"See also: "

Turkey has been improving relations with Asia since the AKP took power, especially with its Middle-Eastern neighbours and Russia and China. Relations with Oceania have remained well and largely unchanged for decades. Turkey has 53 diplomatic missions in Asia and Oceania.

Tanzania Environmental Conservation Society

The Tanzania Environmental Conservation Society, also known as TECOSO, is a Tanzania non-governmental organization founded in the year 1998 and registered on February 11, 1999, under the Societies Act CAP.337 R.E.2002 from The Societies (Application for Registration) Rules of 1954. Its focus is environmental protection and habitat conservation, promoting an integrated approach that includes community development, environmental education, nature conservation and ecotourism. The organisation is also a piece of supportive machinery in collaborating and conducting field research projects, leadership development, vocational education that focus on gender parity. 

TECOSO Tanzania also maintains an inter-continental network for information exchange and capacity building of conservation efforts. It works with different partners, including government institutions or associations, researchers, local and international learning institutions, universities and other NGOs. Most of the organisation activities are undertaken in Arusha Region, Manyara Region, Dar es Salaam, and Kilimanjaro Region. 

Theloderma moloch

The Assam Indonesia tree frog, Eerie tree frog, Xizang warty tree frog, or black-spotted frog ("Theloderma moloch") is a frog. It lives in northeastern India and southeastern China. Scientists think it may live in Myanmar.

Theloderma vietnamense

The South Vietnamese bug-eyed frog or South Vietnamese bug eye frog ("Theloderma vietnamense") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam, Cambodia, and Laos. People have seen it no higher than 1400 meters above sea level.

People's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm

People's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm is the first album by A Tribe Called Quest. A Tribe Called Quest was an American hip hop group. The album was released on April 10, 1990. Jive Records released it. A Tribe Called Quest started recording music for the album in 1989. It was finished in 1990.

The album is important in alternative hip hop. It is known for having production that was different from other hip hop albums. The album has inspired many other R&B and hip hop music makers. It was certified gold by the RIAA in 1996.

All tracks written and produced by A Tribe Called Quest. Credits are from the album.

Kingdom of Hanover

The Kingdom of Hanover () was a kingdom in northwest Germany. It was created in October 1814 by the Congress of Vienna. It came after the Electorate of Hanover (officially the Electorate of Brunswick-Lüneburg). It joined 38 other countries in the German Confederation in June 1815. The kingdom was ruled by the House of Hanover. This was a branch of the House of Welf. It was in personal union with Great Britain since 1714. Usually a viceroy controlled Hanover. This was because its monarch lived in London. The viceroys were usually younger members of the British royal family.

The personal union with the United Kingdom ended in 1837 when Queen Victoria became the queen of the UK. This was because females were not allowed to rule Hanover while a related male was still alive. Because of this, her uncle Ernest Augustus thus became the ruler of Hanover. His only son took over from him as George V. However, he was on the losing side of the Austro-Prussian War. His kingdom was then taken over by Prussia in 1866 and lost independence. It became a Prussian province. Hanover became part of the German Empire with the unification of Germany in January 1871. The country came back as the State of Hanover in 1946. But this state was later merged with some smaller states to form the current state of Lower Saxony in then West Germany. The city of Hanover became the capital of this new state.

1975–76 Austrian Cup

The 1975-76 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. SWW Innsbruck were the defending champions. This year a new rule for tied games was introduced. If it was 0-0, there was extra time and, if necessary, a penalty shoot-out - in all other draws, the away team rose thanks to a (misinterpreted) away goal rule.
First round with teams from the Second League.

First round with teams from the first league.

SSW Innsbruck:

Friedrich Koncilia – Werner Kriess, Rudolf Horvath, Bruno Pezzey, Johann Eigenstiller – Werner Schwarz, Peter Koncilia, Manfred Gombasch – Franz Oberacher (50. Helmut Metzler), Kurt Welzl, Günther Rinker<br>coach:Branko Elsner

SK Rapid Wien:
Peter Barthold – Emil Krause, Egon Pajenk, Johann Pregesbauer, Rainer Schlagbauer – Erich Lisak (55. Kurt Widmann), Peter Persidis, August Starek, Wolfgang Kienast (55. Ernst Dokupil) – Johann Krankl, Paul Pawlek<br>
coach: Robert Körner

SK Rapid Wien:
Helmut Maurer – Emil Krause, Peter Persidis, Egon Pajenk, Rainer Schlagbauer – Erich Lisak (46. Werner Walzer), Gerhard Aichhorn (57. Paul Pawlek), Ernst Dokupil, August Starek – Kurt Widmann, Johann Krankl<br>coach: Robert Körner

SSW Innsbruck:

Friedrich Koncilia – Werner Kriess, Rudolf Horvath, Bruno Pezzey, Johann Eigenstiller – Werner Schwarz, Werner Zanon, Peter Koncilia, Manfred Gombasch – Kurt Welzl (73. Helmut Metzler), Günther Rinker<br>coach:Branko Elsner

Forever Young (Bob Dylan song)

"Forever Young" is a 1974 song by Bob Dylan. It is the seventh track from his 14th studio album "Planet Waves". It was released as a single when it was taken from his live album "Bob Dylan at Budokan".

In 1974 Joan Baez covered Forever Young as a single. It reached number 13 in the United States.

In 2015, Louisa Johnson covered "Forever Young" and was released as a single. It went to number 2 in Scotland, number 5 in Ireland and number 9 in the United Kingdom. It was the first "The X-Factor" not to top the single charts in the United Kingdom.

Aurore Gagnon

Marie-Aurore-Lucienne Gagnon, simply known as Aurore Gagnon (31 May 1909 –12 February 1920), was a Canadian girl who was a victim of child abuse. She died of exhaustion and blood poisoning (sepsis), She had about 52 wounds inflicted by her stepmother, Marie-Anne Houde, and her father, Télesphore Gagnon. The story of "l'enfant martyre" (English translation: "The Child Martyr") received great attention in the media. Aurore became an icon of Quebec society and popular culture.

Aurore was born into and raised in a Roman Catholic family. She was the second of five children of farmer Télesphore Gagnon and his first wife Marie-Anne Caron. Her parents married in September 1906. They lived in Fortierville, Quebec. It was a small village on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River. The villiage was a southwest of Quebec. The Gagnons' first child, Marie-Jeanne, was born in August 1907. Aurore's birth was soon followed by that of Lucina then Georges in 1910 and Joseph in 1915. 

In 1916, not long after Joseph's birth, Marie-Anne Caron was hospitalized for tuberculosis. Marie-Anne Houde, the widow of a cousin of Télesphore, soon moved into the Gagnon home. She claimed that she wanted to "take care of the house and children." She was a 30-something-year-old-mother of two sons, Gerard and Henri-Georges. She was born in Sainte-Sophie-de-Lévrard, a nearby municipality of Fortierville, Quebec. On 6 November 1917, 2-year-old Joseph was found dead in his bed. A coroner's inquest showed that it had been a natural death. Some villagers thought that Marie-Anne Houde had something to do with the death. 

On 23 January 1918, Marie-Anne Caron died of tuberculosis at the Beauport Asylum. The next week, Télesphore married Marie-Anne Houde. The villagers were suspicious when two of her children soon died, but there was no investigation. During this time, Télesphore was beating Aurore with an axe handle. At age 10 in September 1919, Aurore was hospitalized for more than a month at the Hôtel-Dieu de Québec. She had a very bad infection in her leg caused by a beating. When she was released from the hospital, the beatings started again.

Aurore died on February 12, 1920. The cause was listed as poisoning. It was not known if she had been poisoned or if it was caused by an infection from her many wounds. Télesphore Gagnon and Marie-Anne Houde were arrested as they tried to leave the church after her funeral on February 16, 1920. Marie-Anne Houde was sentenced to be hanged for murder. The sentence was changed to life imprisonment.

After serving 15 years, she was paroled for "health reasons." She died of breast cancer in May 1936. Télesphore Gagnon was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to life imprisonment. He was released from prison in 1925 for "good behavior" after serving only five years. He returned to his hometown and previous life, where he wrote several letters to Marie-Anne Houde, still in prison. After Houde's death, Télesphore remarried. He died peacefully in 1961.

Aurore Gagnon is still a popular cultural icon in Quebec. She has almost mythical status. Many books have been published about her life. In 1920, the first dramatic production was written by Louis Petitjean. It would eventually become his most famous play. Télesphore Gagnon tried unsuccessfully to block the release of the 1952 movie.


Pao

Pao or PAO may refer to:



Inovonics

Inovonics is an American professional radio broadcast equipment manufacturer. It specializes in audio processors, RDS encoders, AM/FM/HD modulation monitors, and off-air monitoring equipment for AM/FM/HD/RDS/DAB+/Internet Radio.

Anti-Defamation League

The Anti-Defamation League (ADL) is a Jewish international organization headquartered in New York City.

The Anti-Defamation League usually fights against antisemitism, racism and all types of bigotry.

His Brother's Wife

His Brother's Wife is a 1936 American romantic drama movie directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Robert Taylor, Barbara Stanwyck, Jean Hersholt, Joseph Calleia, John Eldredge, Jed Prouty, Leonard Mudie. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Emergency on Planet Earth

Emergency on Planet Earth is the debut studio album by English funk band Jamiroquai. It was released on 14 June, 1993 through Sony Soho Square. It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Switzerland, number 7 in France, number 11 in Austria, number 13 in Sweden, number 15 in the Netherlands, number 17 in Germany, number 21 in Australia, number 27 in New Zealand and number 40 in Japan. It was nominated for a BRIT award in 1994.

Spyker F1

The Spyker F1 Team was a Formula One team owned by Spyker, a Dutch car brand. It existed only in 2007. The team was bought from Midland in 2006 and was sold to become Force India later on in 2007. 

In 2006, during the 2006 Formula One season, it was announced that Spyker had bought the struggling Midland F1 team. Every race that was left would be raced under the Spyker name and the livery would be changed to orange, because that's the national colour of the Netherlands. 
In the 2007 season, the team was fully in the hands of Spyker. However, to the public, the team did not perform better than Midland. It was known as a backmarker, a team that almost always finds itself at the back of the grid. 

On the tenth of July it was announced that the only Dutch driver with Spyker, Christijan Albers, would be fired because his sponsors failed to pay the Spyker F1 team. He would be replaced by Winkelhock and, later on, Yamamoto. 

During the 2007 European Grand Prix, held at the Nürburgring, Markus WInkelhock found himself leading the field in his only race for Spyker and in F1. This was because he was the only driver to make a pitstop before the race started. It was a rainy day and the team decided on wet tyres, as they work better in the rain than other compounds. This move put him in last, but many people in front of him either spun off or decided to get wet tyres for themselves. Suddenly, after passing the man in front, he was leading the race. At the height of his triumphant drive, he was 33 seconds in front of the driver in second. However, this wouldn't last long. Because of a series of crashes caused by the rain, the race was red-flagged. After the race restart, he was quickly overtaken by the faster cars behind him. He later on retired because of a hydraulics issue.

At the end of 2007, Spyker F1 was sold to an Indian holding company called Orange India Holdings. This was officially the end for Spyker in Formula One. The team turned into Force India for the start of 2008. 

Rainforest

Rainforest could refer to:



Navina Jafa

Navina Jafa is a cultural heritage professional, Kathak classical dancer, author, cultural historian, performing arts scholar, cultural activist, and curator of signature heritage tours. She has made contributions in the field of cultural diplomacy and sustainable development through her work as a Fulbright Scholar at the Smithsonian Museum and various other prestigious roles.

"Navina Jafa" was born on June 6, 1964, in Shillong, Meghalaya. She completed her schooling at the Convent of Jesus and Mary in Delhi and Convent High School in Dominica, West Indies. She further pursued her education at St. Mary's Convent (Ramnee) in Nainital. Navina Jafa earned her Bachelor's degree in English Honors from St. Stephen's College (1983-86) and went on to specialize in Culture Management and Cultural Diplomacy as a Fulbright Fellow at the Smithsonian Centre for Folklife & Cultural Heritage in Washington, D.C. (2005-2006). She also pursued a Ph.D. in History & Culture with a focus on the Socio Economics of North Indian Performing Arts at Jamia Milia Islamia under the guidance of and (1991-1999).

Navina Jafa studied Art History and Indian Cultural Heritage in the guru-shishya parampara (traditional teacher-student relationship) with Kapila Vatsyayan.

As a cultural heritage professional, Jafa has conducted extensive research on Indian temples in collaboration with archaeologists such as and Krishna Dev, both . She has also made notable contributions to the field of cultural heritage skill mapping, data analysis, and application in sustainable development programs.

In addition to her academic pursuits, Jafa has actively engaged in cultural diplomacy and public diplomacy. As a Fulbright Scholar, she delivered a lecture on "Brokering Indian Culture In The United States: Perspectives On Cultural Management" as part of the Fulbright Lecture series. She has participated in various cross-cultural projects, including collaborations with Cambridge University on Culture and Artificial Intelligence.

Some of her notable accolades include the Shakti Women's Achiever award by the Travel Agents Association of India (TAAI) for her contributions to Heritage Tourism, the Woman of Wonder award by the Vodafone Foundation, and the CBSE Sahodaya Award for her contributions to Multi-disciplinary Learning - Heritage Education in Schools.

Jafa has been involved in electoral awareness and development communication through Indian performing arts. She worked with the Election Commission of India in 2019 to curate interactive folk performances in 56 villages in Rajasthan to motivate registered women voters. These performances, featuring traditional impersonators and acrobats, were accompanied by surveys to understand the reasons behind women's low voter turnout. Subsequently, Navina Jafa initiated a follow-up program advocating for the formation of jal panchayats (water councils) through a Bahurupiya Jal Yatra.


Gaude Mater Polonia

Gaude Mater Polonia is a polish medieval hymn and one of the oldest polish-latin lyric composed on gregorian chant „Oh salutaris Hostia”, on the occasion of pre-canonization of Stanislaus of Szczepanów. The hymn was written by Wincenty of Kielcza. In the times of the last crowned kings from the Piast dynasty, it served as the royal anthem. The song was first published on 8 may 1254, the oldest record comes from Kielce Antiphonary from 1372. During middle ages the hymn was chanted by polish knights after battle. Later the hymn was used on the national events.

Mae Muller

Holly Mae Muller (born 26 August 1997) is an English singer-songwriter and actress with German ancestry. She represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2023 with her song "I Wrote a Song". The song finished in 25th place in the Grand Final. 

Her debut studio album "Sorry I'm Late" was be released in September 2023. In late 2023, Muller will portray Kelly in the film "Gassed Up". 

Alison Hammond

Alison Hammond (born 5 February 1975) is a British TV presenter, reality star and actress. Hammond was born to Jamaican parents and was raised in Birmingham. In 2023, she became the presenter on "The Great British Bake Off" since 2023.

She is best known for co-presenting ITV's daytime show "This Morning" as well as being a contestant on "Big Brother" in 2002. After appearing on "Big Brother", Hammond appeared in multiple other TV shows including "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!".

In 2023, she started co-presenting "The Great British Bake Off" with Noel Fielding.

Vanguard 1

"Vanguard 1" is an American satellite that was the fourth artificial Earth-orbiting satellite to be successfully launched, following Sputnik 1, Sputnik 2, and Explorer 1. it was launched 17 March 1958. 
Vanguard 1 was the first satellite to have solar electric power.

Purple Day

Purple day is an event that occurs on March 26. It is celebrated by several organizations around the world. The idea is to raise awareness of epilepsy. Many people do not know what epilepsy is, or they have wrong ideas about the condition. Epilepsy is a common condition, yet many people who suffer from it are stigmatized. The organizers also want to reduce the stigma associated with the disease. 

Fortierville

Fortierville is a municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec. It was the birthplace of martyr Aurore Gagnon.

Muhammad Jaber Taha

Muhammad Jaber Taha, an Egyptian writer and screenwriter, born in 1993, was born in Damietta Governorate, and graduated from the Faculty of Computer Science.

“Mohamed Jaber Taha” specialized in the science of marketing and has written books in the science of modern marketing in which he deals with modern marketing strategies, marketing developments through the ages, and the strategic repercussions of the Arab market.

Latvian Green Party

The Latvian Green Party is a green political party in Latvia. It started in 1990. 

Indulis Emsis who in 2004 was Prime Minister of Latvia, is a member, as is Raimonds Vējonis was President of Latvia between 2015 and 2019.

Pirate radio

Pirate radio is the setting up of illegal radio stations to broadcast radio music without a license and is famous after Sealand was made known for engaging in such activities, although other micronations such as the Islamic Sultanate of Qarsherskiy are also known to engage in Pirate Radio activities and most Pirate Radio operators are not in any way affiliated with micronations.

Latvian Railways

Latvian Railway was started as a company on 2 September 1991. It is owned by the government. Before that was the Latvian Railway Board (Latvian Railways) which started on 5 August 1919.
Railways were first built in Latvia in the 1860s. They were damaged in the first and second world wars. 

In 1992 there were of railway lines and 23,000 workers.

Official website

Theloderma bicolor

The Chapa bug-eyed frog or Sapa bug-eyed frog ("Theloderma bicolor") is a frog. It lives in northwestern Vietnam and southeastern and central China. People have seen it between 1400 and 1800 meters above sea level.

Luxembourgish Americans

Luxembourgish Americans are Americans of Luxembourgish ancestry. The United States 2000 Census said that there were 45,139 Americans of Luxembourgish descent. In 1940 there were 100,000 Americans with Luxembourgish ancestry.

The first families from Luxembourg went to the United States around 1842. They left because of the overpopulation and economic change in Luxembourg.

Most Luxembourgish Americans live in the Midwest. This was where most of them settled in the nineteenth century. In 2000, the states with the largest Luxembourgish American populations were Illinois (6,963), Wisconsin (6,580), Minnesota (5,867), Iowa (5,624), and California (2,824).

Kim Petras

Kim Petras (born August 27, 1992, Cologne) is a German singer and songwriter. Between 2016 and 2020, she released music as an independent artist under her own label, BunHead Records, before signing with Republic Records in 2021.

She became known for being one of the youngest people in the world to undergo an operation to change her sex assigned at birth. She began recording music at the age of 19, and was still a teenager when she released her first "extended play" (EP) "One Piece of Tape" in 2011. She released her first single in 2017, titled "I Don't Want It at All", which charted high on Spotify, earning Petras a contract with the company. She was featured on Charli XCX 's mixtape, "Pop 2" (2017), along with Jay Park on the song "Unlock It", and on her album, "Charli" (2019), along with Tommy Cash on the song "Click".

In 2021, Petras signed a contract with the Republic Records label, with whom she released the "Slut Pop" EP in 2022. Later that year, Petras released the single "Unholy" along with Sam Smith. It marked Petras' first number one single on the UK Singles Chart and on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song also earned Petras the Grammy Award for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance, making her the first openly transgender person to win that Grammy Award.

Austro-Prussian War

The Austro-Prussian War (also known by many other names like the Seven Weeks' War, German Civil War, Brothers War or Fraternal War, known in Germany as ("German War"), (; "German war of brothers")) was a war fought in 1866 between the Austrian Empire and the Kingdom of Prussia. Each side was helped by many allies in the German Confederation. Prussia had also allied with the Kingdom of Italy. This connected the conflict to the Third Independence War of Italian unification. The Austro-Prussian War was part of the rivalry between Austria and Prussia. It ended with Prussian control over the German states.

The biggest result of the war was a change in power over the German states away from Austrian and towards Prussian hegemony. The German Confederation was ended and replaced by the North German Confederation. Italy also took the Austrian province of Venetia after the war.

The war started when Prussian troops invaded Schleswig-Holstein. The region had been disputed between Prussia and Austria ever since it was taken by them from Denmark. Prussia then invaded Hanover, Saxony, and the Electorate of Hesse on 15 June. Italy declared war on Austria on 20 June.

Inno al Re

Inno al Re ("Hymn to the King") was a national anthem of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, the author of the lyrics is unknown and the melody was composed in 1787 by Giovanni Paisiello.

I Can't Quit You Baby

"I Can't Quit You Baby" is a 1956 song by blues singer Otis Rush. It was the first recording for the Cobra Records company. It became a record chart hit as well as a blues standard. In 1969 British band Led Zeppelin for their debut studio album "Led Zeppelin".

King for a Day... Fool for a Lifetime

King for a Day... Fool for a Lifetime is the fifth studio album by Faith No More. It was released on 13 March, 1995 through Republic Records. It went to number 2 in Australia, number 3 in New Zealand, number 5 in Sweden and the United Kingdom, number 6 in Belgium and Norway, number 7 in Scotland and Switzerland, number 8 in Germany and the Netherlands, number 9 in Austria, number 22 in Finland, number 31 in the United States and number 39 in Canada.

7×7″ box set track listing

Nutshell (song)

"Nutshell" is a 1994 song by Alice in Chains. It was taken from their extended play "Jar of Flies". It was played on MTV Unplugged in 1996. The live version went on to be featured on 1999 album "Music Bank" and 2006 album "The Essential Alice in Chains".

2023 Emilia-Romagna floods

The 2023 Emilia-Romagna floods were a series of floods in and around the cities of Bologna, Cesena, Forlì, Ravenna, and Rimini, in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. The first floods happened between 2 and 3 May 2023, killing two people. Heavy secondary floods happened on 16–17 May 2023, killing at least 14 people and displacing 20,000 others. The usual amount of rain that falls in seven months fell in two weeks which made twenty-three rivers to overflow causing the floods.

On 17 May, Stefano Bonaccini, the president of Emilia-Romagna said that "in the last 24 hours, more than 300 millimeters of rain have fallen" and described the floods as a "catastrophic event, never seen before".Later on, Bonaccini compared it the impact to the 2012 Emilia earthquakes, saying that the damage was likely to be less significant but would still cost the region billions of euros to repair. Lucia Mercalli, president of the Italian Meteorological Society, said that "two records were broken in 15 days in the same region. An event that occurred on 2 May might happen once in a century, but then other one hit the same areas only 15 days later."

Emergency operations were carried out in response to the flood, including members of the Italian Red Cross, various armed and police forces, Protezione Civile and the Carabinieri. The state-owned energy company Enel made a task-force that would cooperate with local companies and forces to restore electricity to the affected areas.

Cry to Me

"Cry to Me" is a 1962 song by Solomon Burke. It went to number 44 in the United States and number 5 on the R&B charts in the United States. It has been covered by the Pretty Things, The Rolling Stones for their 1965 album "Out of Our Heads" and Dionne Warwick. It was written by Bert Berns.

List of Scotland ODI cricketers

This list has all members of the Scotland cricket team who have played at least one ODI match after debuting at the 1999 Cricket World Cup.


Estádio do Dragão

The Estádio do Dragão (English: Dragon Stadium) is a football stadium in Porto, Portugal. It is the home ground stadium of FC Porto since 2003. It can seat 50,033 people which makes it the third biggest stadium in Portugal.

Nyctimystes multicolor

Nyctimystes multicolor is a frog. It lives in Indonesia, in the Wondiwoi Mountains. People have seen it about 950 meters above sea level.

Alunda

Alunda is a locality in Östhammar Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,317 people lived there.

Gozzano

Gozzano is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is known for its football club A.C. Gozzano.


Locate di Triulzi

Locate di Triulzi is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.


Kenya African National Union

The Kenya African National Union is a Kenyan political party. It ruled for nearly 40 years after Kenya's independence from British colonial rule in 1963 until 2002. It was called Kenya African Union from 1944 but due to pressure from the colonial government it changed its name to Kenya African Study Union mainly because all political parties were banned in 1939 following the start of the Second World War. In 1946 it called itself Kenya African Union after Harry Thuku resigned as president due to internal differences between the moderates who wanted peaceful negotiations and the militants who wanted to use force. The militants formed The forty Group, which later became the Mau Mau. The president was then James Gichuru. After him was Jomo Kenyatta in 1947. The organisation was banned by the colonial government from 1952 to 1960. It was set up again by James Gichuru in 1960 and renamed KANU on 14 May 1960 when it joined with Tom Mboya's Kenya Independence Movement.

Kutzenhausen, Bas-Rhin

Kutzenhausen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.


Castel San Giovanni

Castel San Giovanni is a "comune" in the province of Piacenza, Emilia-Romagna, Italy.

Bagnolo Mella

Bagnolo Mella is a "comune" in the Province of Brescia in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Bagnolo Mella is twinned with:

Brie-Comte-Robert

Brie-Comte-Robert is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France.

Ailoche

Ailoche is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. The main sights are the sanctuary "Santuario della Brugarola" and the parish church "Parrocchiale di San Bernardo".

Caprile

Caprile is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Coggiola

Coggiola is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Pray, Piedmont

Pray is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Crevacuore

Crevacuore is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Sostegno

Sostegno is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. The economy is based on the production of apples and wine.

Crassula ovata

Crassula ovata is a plant from Mozambique, and South Africa. It is commonly known as Jade plant, money tree or money plant. It is a succulent. Usually, it grows to be a small tree. It has green fleshy leaves. When it grows bigger, it spreads easily through branches breaking off. These branches will then develop roots, and a new plant will grow from them (that is a clone of the old one).

It is also grown as a houseplant, worldwide.

Usually, the plant has small white flowers, which appear in the cooler season (in South Africa: July and August). In other parts of the world, the plant may flower when the days are short, and the temperatures are betweeen 5 and 10 degrees Centigrade. 

Mercury Grand Marquis

The Mercury Grand Marquis is a full size car sold by Ford from 1975-2011, it was a trim from 1975-82, after it became its own model. It would be the last Mercury built, on January 4th 2011.

It shared the Panther platform with the Ford Crown Victoria and Lincoln Town Car.

Ford LTD

The Ford LTD was a full-size car made from 1963 to 1986. In 1979, it moved to the smaller Panther platform, and in 1983, it became mid-sized.

Chevrolet Citation

The Chevrolet Citation is a compact car made from 1979-85, it was built on the new X Body platform, which was front wheel drive, and was shared with all other GM brands, including Cadillac. It is often seen as one of the worst failures in automotive history.

Kingdom of Hejaz

The Hashemite Kingdom of Hejaz (, "Al-Mamlakah al-Ḥijāziyyah Al-Hāshimiyyah") was a part of the Hejaz in the Middle East.

Xunzi

Xunzi ( c. 310 – c. after 238 BCE) was a Chinese Confucian philosopher. Many people see him as the third greatest Confucian philosopher after Confucius and Mencius. He was an advocate of the Theory of Evil Human Nature.

Desert kite

Desert kites () are dry stone wall structures found in Southwest Asia (Middle East, but also North Africa, Central Asia and Arabia). They were first discovered form the air, in the 1920s. 

These structures were built in the stone age, from about 10.000 years ago, to about 2.500 years ago. They consist of two walls, at an angle. Very likely, they were used for hunting. Today, over 6.000 structures are known. The sizes range from less than to several kilometres in length. Very often, they are shaped like a kite. Usually, they are made of stone walls, less than high.

Little is known about their ages, but the few dated examples appear to span the entire Holocene. Most peole think that they were used as traps for hunting game animals such as gazelles, which were driven into the kites and hunted there.

Desert kites are stone structures with a convergent shape. They are made of linear piles of stones. The structures have lengths between less than a hundred metres to several kilometres and heights of less than one metre, even accounting for erosion. Often, there are gaps in the lines. These gaps may have been left by the builders on purpose. They may also have been the result of lines formed by alignments of cairns rather than a continuous row. There are different shapes that are referred to as "desert kites". The lines usually form two walls ("antennae") that converge into an enclosure ("head") with attached cells. The common kite type varies by region. Sometimes the existence of these cells is considered essential for a desert kite.

Research published in 2022 has identified that pits several metres deep often lie at the edge of enclosures: these have been interpreted as traps and killing pits. The kites enclose surface areas with a median of . Much larger and much smaller sizes are also known. Dating kites is difficult; various dating methods like radiocarbon dating and optically stimulated luminescence have given ages ranging from the early to the late Holocene. Sometimes, there are reports of their use in travel records. Some kites have been replaced by later archaeological structures, eroded or flooded. Sometimes they were used to build more complex shapes. In some places, structures like cairns, tombs or square walls occur alongside kites.

They are typically found in massifs or topographically complex terrain. They almost never occur in sloping terrain, mountainous regions, or within endorheic basins, although they occur at the margins of mountains. Often, the terrain within the kite is much more open than the outside terrain, lacking vegetation and rocks. In general, the visibility of the kites from their inside is poor, which appears to be a purposeful feature of their construction; for example, the ends and entrances of the kites often coincide with slope breaks (places where the slope changes). Within a given region, the kites tend to have a preferred orientation. They are absent from humid climates and from certain hyperarid areas, and their use may have been influenced by Holocene climate changes.

Their often enormous size and conspicuousness in arid or semiarid terrain renders them visible in aerial images, while their construction in rough terrain makes them almost invisible on the ground. Sometimes, natural features like cliffs are used in conjunction with the artificial walls to form a kite. Clearing vegetation around the lines or using rocks with a different colour from the background has been documented in volcanic terrain. In Arabia, cairns and linear stone alignments have been found associated with kites.

Kites are known from the Middle East and Central Asia, with examples known mainly from Armenia, Egypt, Iraq, Israel-Palestine, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Lebanon, Libya, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Turkey, Uzbekistan and Yemen. They have also been found in South Africa. , there were over 6,000 known kites in Asia and the Middle East, and in some parts of Syria there are as many as 1 kite every , to the point that they are partially overlapping or form complicated structures. Similar large enclosures that were presumably used as traps have been found in Europe, where they were dated to Mesolithic and Neolithic age; North America, where structures known as drive lines have been used into the 19th century AD; South America; and Japan.


Ask a Stupid Question Day

This holiday was created by teachers in the 1980's to encourage students to ask more questions in the classroom. According to HolidayInsights.com, "at the time, there was a movement by teachers to try to get kids to ask more questions in the classroom. Kids sometimes hold back, fearing their question is stupid, and asking it will result in ridicule."

Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen

Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen was a historical country in the North Yemen, that gained indepencence from Ottoman Empire in 1918, and existed to its overthrew and the establishment of the Yemen Arab Republic in 1962. The country was ruled by Zaydi Imams, who formally were vassals of the Ottoman Empire.

Royal Salute (Yemen)

The "Royal Salute" (Arabic. تحية ملكية, Tahiātin Milkiayet) was a national anthem of Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen, used from 1927 to 1962, written by Muhammad Ahmed Haydara.

Theloderma corticale

The Tonkin bug-eyed frog, Kwangsi warty tree frog, or moss bug-eyed tree frog ("Theloderma corticale") is a frog. It lives in China, Vietnam, and Laos. People have seen it between 470 and 1500 meters above sea level.

Andorno Micca

Andorno Micca is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Benna, Piedmont

Benna is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Wahai tree frog

The Wahai tree frog (""Litoria" vagabunda") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.

Bioglio

Bioglio is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Borriana, Piedmont

Borriana is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Brusnengo

Brusnengo is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Callabiana

Callabiana is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Camandona

Camandona is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Ronco Biellese

Ronco Biellese is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Zumaglia

Zumaglia is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Camburzano

Camburzano is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Muzzano, Piedmont

Muzzano is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Occhieppo Inferiore

Occhieppo Inferiore is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Occhieppo Superiore

Occhieppo Superiore is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Campiglia Cervo

Campiglia Cervo is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 from the former municipalities of Quittengo and San Paolo Cervo.

Quittengo

Quittengo is a "frazione" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. On 1 January 2016, it was merged with San Paolo Cervo to form the new "comune" of Campiglia Cervo.

San Paolo Cervo

San Paolo Cervo is a "frazione" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. On 1 January 2016, it was merged with Quittengo to form the new "comune" of Campiglia Cervo.

San Prospero

San Prospero is a "comune" in the Province of Modena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy. It is about northwest of Bologna and about northeast of Modena.


Two Out of Three Ain't Bad

"Two Out of Three Ain't Bad" is a 1978 song by Meat Loaf. It was taken from his best selling album "Bat Out of Hell". It went to number 5 in Canada, number 9 in New Zealand, number 11 in Australia, Austria and the United States, number 25 in Ireland and number 32 in the United Kingdom. It has been covered by Bonnie Tyler and Julian Austin.

Mark 16

Mark 16 is the last chapter of the Gospel of Mark. It describes the Resurrection of Jesus. The oldest manuscripts stop at verse 8. Later manuscripts end with verse 20. 

Frère Jacques

Frère Jacques is a French round. It was composed in the 18th century. The composer is unknown today, but many people believe it was Jean-Philippe Rameau. The text has been translated into many languages, also outside Europe. The third movement of Gustav Mahler's first symphony starts with this tune, which is transposed into minor key. 
<score sound="1">
\relative c' { \key d \major
\addlyrics {
</score>
The tune can be sung in a canon, with four voices.

Japanese economic miracle

The Japanese economic miracle refers to the time in Japan just after WW2, when the country developed quickly over a period of 30 years from a broken war damaged state to a world economic superpower. By the mid 1980s companies like Toyota and Sony were world famous. 

Strontianite

Strontianite (SrCO) is an important raw material. It is used for the extraction of strontium. It is a rare carbonate mineral and also one of a few strontium minerals. It is a member of the aragonite group.

The mineral was named in 1791. It was named after the place Strontian, Argyllshire, Scotland. The discovery of the element strontium was also made the previous year (1790) before the mineral was named in Strontian. Strontium is more common than copper and is found at a level of 370 parts per million by weight, 87 parts per million by moles in the Earth's crust. The ores of strontium are celestine SrSO and strontianite SrCO. Strontium is not found freely in nature and the process of producing strontium metal commercially involves reducing strontium oxide with aluminium. Good mineral samples of strontianite are rare.

1976–77 Austrian Cup

The 1976-77 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. SK Rapid Wien were the defending champions.
First round with teams from the Second League.

First round with teams from the first league.

Wiener Sport-Club/Post:

Peter List – Herwig Tercek, Norbert Hof, Josef Schulz (82. Walter Lehner), Johann Hörmayer – Eduard Thomas, August Starek, Günther Happich – Walter Demel, Manfred Wagner, Helmut Zechner (82. Ernst Brudnar)<br>coach:Erich Hof

FK Austria Wien:
Hubert Baumgartner – Robert Sara, Karl Daxbacher, Josef Sara, Ernst Baumeister – Felix Gasselich, Herbert Prohaska, Alberto Martínez – Friedrich Drazan (65. Wilhelm Pöll), Hans Pirkner, Julio Morales<br>
coach: Karl Stotz

FK Austria Wien:

Hubert Baumgartner – Robert Sara, Karl Daxbacher, Josef Sara, Günther Pospischil – Felix Gasselich (58. Friedrich Drazan), Herbert Prohaska, Alberto Martínez – Wilhelm Pöll, Hans Pirkner, Julio Morales<br>
coach: Karl Stotz

Wiener Sport-Club/Post:

Peter List (46. Erich Pusch) – Herwig Tercek, Norbert Hof, Norbert Lichtenegger (72. Manfred Wagner), Johann Hörmayer – Eduard Thomas, August Starek, Günther Happich – Helmut Zechner, Karl Ritter, Ernst Brudnar<br>coach:Erich Hof

Somewhere Down the Crazy River

"Somewhere Down the Crazy River" is a 1987 song by Canadian singer Robbie Robertson. It was taken from his debut studio album "Robbie Robertson". It went to number 8 in Belgium, number 12 in the Netherlands, number 15 in the United Kingdom, number 40 in New Zealand, number 91 in Canada and number 100 in Australia. It also went to number 24 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart. The music video was directed by Martin Scorsese.

Swanson, New Zealand

Swanson is an outlying suburb of West Auckland, New Zealand. It was established in the 1880s and is situated west of Henderson. It has a primary school and a museum. It had a balefill landfill that shut in November 1996.

Rakaia

Rakaia is a town located on State Highway 1 and is close to Rakaia River. It is located 57 kilometers southwest of Christchurch and 28 north of Ashburton. It has a primary school in the town. In 1899 there was a train accident that killed four people. It has a large fibreglass salmon which is the feature of the town.

Crosa

Crosa is a "frazione" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. On 1 January 2016, Crosa was merged to form the municipality of Lessona.

Casapinta

Casapinta is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Castelletto Cervo

Castelletto Cervo is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Cavaglià

Cavaglià is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Cerrione

Cerrione is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

If You Needed Somebody

"If You Needed Somebody" is a 1990 song by British band Bad Company. It was taken from their 9th studio album "Holy Water". It went to number 16 in the United States making their biggest hit since "Rock 'n' Roll Fantasy" and number 51 in Canada.

975

975 was a common year.




Curino

Curino is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Lessona

Lessona is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. On 1 January 2016, Crosa was merged to form the municipality of Lessona.

Donato, Piedmont

Donato is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Dorzano

Dorzano is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Gaglianico

Gaglianico is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Gaglianico is twinned with:

Graglia

Graglia is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Gifflenga

Gifflenga is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Magnano

Magnano is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Girl U Want

"Girl U Want" is a 1980 song by American new wave band Devo. It is the leading single from their third studio album "Freedom of Choice". It was covered by Robert Palmer and Soundgarden.

In 1994, Robert Palmer released a cover version of Girl U Want for his 12th studio album "Honey". It went to number 57 in the United Kingdom.

7-inch single

CD single (UK/Netherlands release)

CD single (Japan release)

Massazza

Massazza is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Villanova Biellese

Villanova Biellese is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Masserano

Masserano is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Mezzana Mortigliengo

Mezzana Mortigliengo is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Miagliano

Miagliano is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Mongrando

Mongrando is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Mottalciata

Mottalciata is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Netro

Netro is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Pettinengo

Pettinengo is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. On 1 January 2017, Selve Marcone was merged to form the municipality of Pettinengo.

Selve Marcone

Selve Marcone is a "frazione" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. On 1 January 2017, Selve Marcone was merged to form the municipality of Pettinengo.

Piatto

Piatto is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Piedicavallo

Piedicavallo is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Piedicavallo is twinned with:

Avrieux

Avrieux is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Savoie department in southeast France.

Avrieux is twinned with:


Pollone

Pollone is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Ponderano

Ponderano is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Portula

Portula is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Pralungo

Pralungo is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Roppolo

Roppolo is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Russi

Russi is a "comune" in the Province of Ravenna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Russi is twinned with:


Blaze of Glory (Jon Bon Jovi song)

"Blaze of Glory" is a 1990 debut single by Jon Bon Jovi and is the title track from his debut studio album "Blaze of Glory". It is taken from the 1990 movie "Young Guns II". It topped the single charts in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United States. It went to the top 20 in Austria, Finland, Germany, Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It was nominated for 2 Grammys and an Academy Award. It won a Golden Globe Award.

Beaumont, Puy-de-Dôme

Beaumont is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Puy-de-Dôme department in central France.

Beaumont is twinned with:


Bopfingen

Bopfingen is a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is in the Ostalbkreis, between Aalen and Nördlingen. It has the city Bopfingen itself and its districts Aufhausen, Baldern, Flochberg, Kerkingen, Oberdorf, Schloßberg, Trochtelfingen, and Unterriffingen. Bopfingen is known for its landmark Ipf, a table mountain which is part of the neighboring Schwäbische Alb to the east. To the west it borders to Bavaria and the impact crater Nördlinger Ries.

Bopfingen is twinned with:

Abdul Waheed Chowdhury

Major Abdul Waheed Chowdhury (1914 to 1965 ) was a World War ll Veteran British Indian Army Officer. After the independence of Pakistan he served under Pakistan Army .He contributed to the formation of Pakistan Army. He helped set up the East Bengal Regiment . He was the Officer Commanding/Acting Commandant of the newly raised East Bengal Regiment's training establishment known as East Bengal Regiment Center. He raised and commanded the 1st East Bengal Regiment (Senior Tigers). He is well known as "Senior Tiger". 

Abdul Waheed Chowdhury was born on 1 February 1914 in the village of Dariyapur in the former British Indian district of Sylhet, subdivision Habiganj to a prominent Muslim family. His father was Khan Saheb Abdur Rob Chowdhury, Controller of Examinations, Dhaka University .

He went to the Nobokumar Institute Dhaka and passed higher secondary from Dhaka College and later graduated from Dhaka University. In 1938 he did his master's degree in economics . He was good at sports. He was a university blue in sports. He was a student of Dr. Mohammad Shahidullah and he was a friend and classmate of National Professor Abdur Razzak .

Luo

Luo may refer to:


Piancogno

Piancogno is a "comune" in the Province of Brescia in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Nova Milanese

Nova Milanese is a city in northern Italy. It is in the Lombardy Region. About 23,300 people live there.

Luo (surname)

As a Chinese surname, Luo may refer to:

Moonage Daydream

"Moonage Daydream" is a song by English singer-songwriter David Bowie. It is the third track from his 1972 album "The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars". It was produced by Ken Scott. The song lyrics talks about the Moon and outer space.

Sameer Quraishi

Sameer Qureshi is an Indian multi-talented individual known for his work as a musician.

Sameer Qureshi was born in Nautanwa, Uttar Pradesh, to his father Nafeesh Quraishi, a businessman, and his mother Nusrat Jahan, a housewife. He has a younger brother named Saif Quraishi.

The Last Song (Elton John song)

"The Last Song" is a 1992 song by Elton John and is the third single from his 23rd studio album "The One". It went to number 7 in Canada, number 21 in the United Kingdom, number 23 in the United States, number 27 in New Zealand, number 28 in Ireland and number 32 in Australia.

Oromo people

The Oromo are a Cushitic ethnic group from the Oromia region of Ethiopia and parts of Northern Kenya. They speak the Oromo language. They are one of the largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia.

The Oromo people traditionally used the "gadaa" system. A leader is elected by the "gadaa" system for eight years, with an election taking place at the end of those eight years. Although most modern Oromos are Muslims and Christians, about 3% practice Waaqeffanna, the native ancient monotheistic religion of Oromos.

Akan people

The Akan people mostly live in Ghana and in parts of Ivory Coast and Togo in West Africa. They speak the Akan language (also known as "Twi/Fante"). Subgroups of the Akan people include: the Agona, Akuapem, Akwamu, Akyem, Ashanti, Bono, Fante, Kwahu, Wassa, and Ahanta. The Akan subgroups all have a lot in common; most notably tracing matrilineal descent in the inheritance of property, and for succession to high political office.

Rocket Man (song)

"Rocket Man" (officially titled "Rocket Man (I Think It's Going to Be a Long, Long Time)") is a 1972 song by Elton John and is the lead single from his fifth studio album "Honky Château". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 6 in Ireland and the United States, number 13 in Australia and number 18 in Germany. In 2021, it was used in the Elton John and Dua Lipa single "Cold Heart".

Cutro

Cutro is a town and "comune" in the Province of Crotone in the Calabria region in Italy. The town is called "City of chess". Football player Vincenzo Iaquinta was born here.

Cassano d'Adda

Cassano d'Adda is a city in northern Italy. Cassano d'Adda is in the Lombardy Region. It is on the right side of the Adda River. About 19,000 people live there.

Sant Joan les Fonts

Sant Joan les Fonts is a municipality of 3,054 people (2022). It is in the province of Girona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Olot

Olot is a municipality of 36,716 people (2022). It is in the province of Girona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Helene Weigel

Helene Weigel was the second wife of Bertolt Brecht

Panzerlied

The Panzerlied (English: "Tank Song") was a Wehrmacht military song of the Nazi era. It was sung mostly by the Panzerwaffe, the tank force of Nazi Germany during World War II. It is one of the well-known songs of the Wehrmacht and became more popular with the 1965 film "Battle of the Bulge". It is used in the Chilean and Brazilian armies, but it was banned in 2017 to denazify (remove Nazi ideology) Germany. Modern-day Germany has stopped using it because it was used in the Nazi era.

The Panzerlied was composed in 1933 by Oberleutnant Kurt Wiehle.

Some motorized and parachute units of the Italian Army sing the song, especially the 185th Paratroopers Division Folgore under the name ""Sui Monti e Sui Mar"". In France, they changed some of the lyrics to become the ""Marche de Chars"" which is used by the 503e Régiment de chars de combat. Half of the song was used as a Namibian patriotic song and unofficial anthem under South African rule, called ""Das Südwesterlied"". It is called ""Canção da Tropa Blindada"" in the motorized and parachute units of the Brazilian Army. There is a Spanish translation of the song used in the Chilean Army. It is used in the Chilean Armoured Calvary and the Chilean Naval Academy as a pasacalle.

The lyrics were changed and used in a Kriegsmarine song.

Dark Blue World

Dark Blue World () is a 2001 Czech British German Danish Italian French American war drama movie directed by Jan Svěrák and starring Ondřej Vetchý, Kryštof Hádek, Tara FitzGerald, Oldřich Kaiser, Charles Dance.


Rosazza

Rosazza is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Sagliano Micca

Sagliano Micca is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Sala Biellese

Sala Biellese is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Salussola

Salussola is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Sandigliano

Sandigliano is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Sordevolo

Sordevolo is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Strona

Strona is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Trivero

Trivero is a "frazione" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. On 1 January 2019, it was merged to form the new "comune" of Valdilana.

2023 Ecuadorian political crisis

A political crisis began in Ecuador on 17 May 2023 because the impeachment trial against President Guillermo Lasso. The impeachment process began in the National Assembly on 9 May and lasted until 17 May when Lasso dissolved parliament through the constitutional measure known as "muerte cruzada" ("mutual death"). This ended of the impeachment inquiry, it dissolved the National Assembly and caused an earlier general election.

Muerte cruzada

Muerte cruzada (; "mutual death") is the name given for a constitutional measure found in Article 148 of the 2008 Constitution of Ecuador. It gives the President of the Republic the power to dissolve the National Assembly, however a new presidential and legislative election must be held within a certain amount of months afterwards. A regular election for a full four-year period of office then takes place. 

In September 2010, the Constitutional Court called it as "a checks-and-balances tool".

This measure was used once since it was created by President Guillermo Lasso in May 2023.

Mosso, Piedmont

Mosso is a "frazione" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. On 1 January 2019, it was merged to form the new "comune" of Valdilana.

2023 Ecuadorian general election

Snap general elections are scheduled to be held in Ecuador in August 2023. Current president Guillermo Lasso was eligible for a second term, however he declined to run.

The officials elected — to both the executive and legislative branches — will serve out the remainder of the current presidential and legislative terms (2021–2025). A regular election for a full four-year term will happen in early 2025.

Originally scheduled for 2025, the general elections were moved forward earlier after President Lasso used the "muerte cruzada" measure which dissolved the National Assembly to avoid impeachment.

Fernando Villavicencio was shot and killed after an event of campaigning for becoming the next president.


Somali diaspora

The Somali diaspora means Somalis who were born in Greater Somalia and moved to other places. The civil war in Somalia meant that many Somalis moved to Europe, North America, Southern Africa and Australia. The UN estimated that in 2015, about 2 million people from Somalia were living outside of the country's borders, mostly in Kenya, Ethiopia and Yemen. Some people had lived in refugee camps in Kenya or Ethiopia for many years. Many people have now settled in new countries, become citizens and had children. It is difficult to count how many people that is.

There are Somali communities in the United States: 150,000: the United Kingdom: 108,000 (2018); Sweden: 66,369 (2016); Canada: 45,000 (2011): Norway: 43,196 (2016); the Netherlands: 39,465 (2016); Germany: 38,675 (2016); Denmark: 21,050 (2016); and Finland: 20,007 (2017).

Livestreaming

Livestreaming is a kind of streaming media which is recorded and broadcast over the internet in real-time or close to real-time. It is known as streaming. There is non-live media such as video-on-demand, vlogs, and YouTube videos as they are technically streamed, but not live-streamed. An example of this would be Twitch, which is a livestreaming video platform.

Somali Civil War

The Somali Civil War started around 1988. The government of Siad Barre was overthrown in 1991 and the country became lawless. The United Nations sent peacekeeping forces in 1992 but they left in 1995 and the police force they set up collapsed. Somali was called a failed state. Many people left the country as refugees.

Transitional governments were set up in 2000 and fighting was reduced until 2007. In 2006, Ethiopian troops invaded the south of the country and destroyed the newly formed Islamic Courts Union. Al-Shabaab continued the fighting with a new Somali Civil War.

Java bytecode

Java bytecode is an intermediate code that is generalized after successful compilation of a Java program. Byte code once generated, remains the same on all different platforms. It is written by classes.

Ron DeSantis 2024 presidential campaign

Ron DeSantis, the 46th governor of Florida, announced his campaign for president of the United States on May 24, 2023.

DeSantis launched his campaign for the presidency through campaign video on May 24, 2023. That same day, he filed to run for president with the Federal Election Commission. The announcement will be followed by an event in Dunedin, DeSantis' hometown, during the week of Memorial Day.

After winning his gubernatorial reelection bid, DeSantis was seen as a potential 2024 presidential challenger who could beat former president Donald Trump's bid for the Republican nomination. Polls have shown that Trump is the frontrunner for the nomination, however, DeSantis raised more campaign funds in the first half of 2022.

After coming in a distant second place finish in the Iowa caucuses, DeSantis ended his campaign on January 21, 2024 and endorsed former President Donald Trump.

Tim Scott 2024 presidential campaign

The 2024 presidential campaign of Tim Scott was a campaign for the 2024 United States presidential election by United States Senator from South Carolina Tim Scott. After winning reelection, Scott was seen as a potential 2024 challenger to former president Donald Trump's bid for the nomination.

Scott announced the creation of an exploratory committee for the nomination on April 11, 2023.

On May 19, 2023, Scott officially filed with the Federal Election Commission to run for president. He officially announced his candidacy on May 22. 

Scott suspended his campaign on November 12, 2023, due to low poll numbers.

Geography of Somalia

Somalia is a country in the Horn of Africa. There are five federal member states: Galmudug, Hirshabelle, Jubaland, South West, Puntland and the municipality of Benadir. It is bordered by Ethiopia to the west, the Gulf of Aden to the north, the Somali Sea and Guardafui Channel to the east, and Kenya to the southwest. It has a land area of 637,657 square kilometers. The terrain consists mainly of plateaus, plains and highlands. The coastline is more than 3,333 kilometers long, the longest of mainland Africa. It has been described as being roughly shaped "like a tilted number seven".

In the far north, the rugged east–west ranges of the Ogo Mountains lie at varying distances from the Gulf of Aden coast. Hot conditions prevail year-round, along with periodic monsoon winds and irregular rainfall. There are probably valuable mineral deposits.

Statues of Our Lady of Danajon and Sto. Niño

Statues of Our Lady of Danajon and Santo Niño were placed under water in Danajon Bank. Our Lady of Danajon refers to the Virgin Mary. Santo Niño means Holy Child, baby Jesus Christ. They were placed in 2010 to stop blast fishing, fishing using explosives.

Danajon Bank is a double barrier reef, a rare type of reef. There are just six double barrier reefs in the world. Blast fishing was hurting the reef. 

The government of Bien Unido, a municipality of Bohol in the Philippines, worked with a group called SeaKnights to place the statues near the reef. They hoped that the Catholicism of the fishermen would stop the blast fishing. The fishermen stopped using blast fishing so they wouldn't hurt the statues. This kept the reef safe.

Valle Mosso

Valle Mosso is a "frazione" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. On 1 January 2019, it was merged to form the new "comune" of Valdilana.

Soprana

Soprana is a "frazione" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. On 1 January 2019, it was merged to form the new "comune" of Valdilana.

Valdilana

Valdilana is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 from the former municipalities of Mosso, Valle Mosso, Soprana and Trivero.

Tavigliano

Tavigliano is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Ternengo

Ternengo is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Tollegno

Tollegno is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Torrazzo

Torrazzo is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Vallanzengo

Vallanzengo is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Valle San Nicolao

Valle San Nicolao is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Veglio

Veglio is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Verrone

Verrone is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Villa del Bosco

Villa del Bosco is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Erika (song)

Erika is a marching song that was used by the German military, mostly in the Nazi regime. The song was made by Herms Niel in the 1930s. It came into use by the Wehrmacht, especially the Heer. According to Micheal Tillotson, this was the most popular WWII song out of any other marching song.

Viverone

Viverone is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is on the shore of Lago di Viverone.

Zimone

Zimone is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Zubiena

Zubiena is a "comune" in the Province of Biella in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Mercury Bobcat

The Mercury Bobcat is a compact car sold by Mercury. It is similar to the Ford Pinto.

Briga Novarese

Briga Novarese is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Gougenheim

Gougenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Goxwiller

Goxwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Grandfontaine, Bas-Rhin

Grandfontaine is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Grassendorf

Grassendorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Grendelbruch

Grendelbruch is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Gresswiller

Gresswiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hiko Shrine

Hiko Shrine (飛行神社) is a Shinto Shrine in Yawata Kyoto. It has a style of a Greek temple and is dedicated to the people who have died in plane crashes. 

It was founded by Chūhachi Ninomiya on his own land who was one of the first people in Japan to make airplanes.

It has three altars

The building was built again in a Greek style in 1989 to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of Chūhachi Ninomiya's flight discoveries.

Gries, Bas-Rhin

Gries is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Griesheim-près-Molsheim

Griesheim-près-Molsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Griesheim-sur-Souffel

Griesheim-sur-Souffel is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Gumbrechtshoffen

Gumbrechtshoffen is a commune which is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is northwest of Haguenau.

The commune is placed between Niederbronn and Haguenau, a couple of kilometres to the west of the main road that connects the two. It is traversed by the river Zinsel.

Plane crash

A plane crash is an accident where an airplane crashes. Plane crashes can be minor with nobody getting hurt, or they can be severe and kill many people.

Deal with the Devil

Deal with the Devil or a Faustian bargain, also known as a Faustian deal or Faustian pact, is a metaphor in English for a deal in which an ambitious person surrenders moral integrity in order to achieve power and success. The term originates from the legend of Faust, a character in German folklore and literature, who makes a deal with the devil for knowledge and worldly pleasures but pays the ultimate price of his soul.

In a broader sense, a Faustian bargain can refer to any deal or agreement in which someone sacrifices their principles or values for material gain or advantage. It's often used to describe situations where the long-term cost of the deal is much greater than the immediate benefits.

Walter Burnett Jr.

Walter Burnett Jr. (born August 16, 1963) is an American politician. He is a member of the Chicago City Council since 1995. In 2023, he became the Vice Mayor of Chicago.

John P. Daley

John P. Daley (born December 5, 1946) is an American politician. He is the 11th Ward Democratic Committeeman in Chicago, Illinois. He has been a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners since 1992. 

Daley is the son of former Chicago Mayor Richard J. Daley and brother of former Mayor Richard M. Daley, as well as William M. Daley, former White House Chief of Staff under President Obama and United States Secretary of Commerce under President Bill Clinton.

Geoffrey Hinton

Geoffrey Everest Hinton (born 6 December 1947) is a British-Canadian cognitive psychologist and computer scientist. He is known for his work on artificial intelligence (AI). From 2013 to 2023, he worked for Google (Google Brain) and the University of Toronto. In May 2023, he left Google after calling out the risks of artificial intelligence technology.

Irsina

Irsina, until 1895 called Montepeloso (in local dialect: or ), is a "comune" in the Province of Matera in the southern Italian region of Basilicata.

Gundershoffen

Gundershoffen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Theloderma stellatum

Taylor's bug-eyed frog, purple-spotted warted frog, spotty warted tree frog, stellar bug-eyed frog, or Chantaburi bug-eyed tree frog ("Theloderma stellatum") is a frog. It lives in Thailand and Cambodia. Scientists think it may also live in Myanmar.

Jobi tree frog

The Jobi tree frog (""Litoria" obtusirostris") is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Yapen Island in Indonesia.

Paradise Road (1997 movie)

Paradise Road is a 1997 Australian American war movie directed by Bruce Beresford and was based on the diaries by Betty Jeffrey. It stars Pauline Collins, Glenn Close, Frances McDormand, Cate Blanchett, Jennifer Ehle, Wendy Hughes, Elizabeth Spriggs, Pamela Rabe, Aden Young. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.



Brian Booth

Brian Charles Booth (19 October 1933 – 19 May 2023) was an Australian cricketer and hockey player who 29 tests and captaining in 2 of them. He played hockey at the 1956 Olympics in Melbourne.
On 19 May 2023, Cricket Australia announced that Booth had died at the age of 89.

Eagle, Jackdaw and Shepherd

Eagle, Jackdaw, and Shepherd is a story from Aesop's Fables. It teaches a lesson.

An eagle saw a lamb and grabbed it to eat. A jackdaw saw the eagle. The jackdaw wanted to do the same thing! He flew down and landed on a ram. He tried to grab the ram but got stuck.

A shepherd saw the jackdaw. He caught the jackdaw and cut its wings. He took the jackdaw home to his kids.

The kids asked, "What kind of bird is this?"

The shepherd said, "It's a jackdaw. But it wants to be an eagle."

The story teaches us not to try to be something we're not. Stay what you are!

Don't try to be something you're not. Accept yourself.


The Bulls and the Lion

The Bulls and the Lion is one of Aesop's Fables. It teaches that friends should stick together against enemies.

A lion saw some bulls in a field. He wanted to eat them. But he knew they would fight back together. So the lion made the bulls angry at each other. The bulls stopped being friends. 

The lion killed the bulls one by one. None of the bulls could fight the lion alone.

The story teaches that enemies will try to break up friendships. Friends should not listen to people trying to make them argue. They should work together against enemies. Some versions tell leaders to keep their people united. Then enemies cannot defeat them.

The fable has been translated into many languages. Artists have made many pictures to go with the story. Poets have written longer versions to teach the message. One poem in the 1700s used 13 bulls, like the 13 American colonies. It said they should unite against Britain, their enemy.

The fable shows why friends and allies should cooperate against enemies, instead of arguing amongst themselves.

Friends and allies should stick together against enemies. Do not let outsiders cause fights between you.


List of Caillou episodes

This is a list of episodes of Caillou animated show.

List of Sri Lanka Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Sri Lanka Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one twenty20 international since debuting on 15 July, 2006.

Lipari

Lipari () is an island and a "comune" in Sicily in southern Italy. It has seven islands of the Aeolian Islands (Lipari, Vulcano, Panarea, Salina, Stromboli, Filicudi and Alicudi) and is in the Tyrrhenian Sea. The island is part of the 
Metropolitan City of Messina. It has 12,821 people.

Building a Mystery

"Building a Mystery" is a 1997 song by Canadian singer-songwriter Sarah McLachlan. It is the lead single from her fourth studio album "Surfacing". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 13 in the United States, number 23 in Iceland and number 97 in Australia. It won a Grammy Award in 1998.

US CD and cassette single

US maxi-CD single and Australian CD single

What a Fool Believes

"What a Fool Believes" is 1979 song by The Doobie Brothers and was taken from their eighth studio album "Minute by Minute". It went to number 1 in the United States and Canada, number 31 in the United Kingdom, number 12 in Australia, number 10 in the Netherlands and number 5 in New Zealand. It won 2 Grammy Awards in 1980.

Interstate commerce

Interstate commerce, in the United States, is business that is conducted across more than one state.

Come Some Rainy Day

"Come Some Rainy Day" is a 1997 song by country singer Wynonna Judd. It was taken from her fourth studio album "The Other Side". It went to number 12 in the country charts in Canada and number 14 in the Billboard Hot Country charts.

The Right Thing (song)

"The Right Thing" is a 1987 song by British band Simply Red and taken from their second studio album "Men and Women". It went to number 4 in Belgium, number 5 in the Netherlands, number 9 in New Zealand, number 10 in Switzerland, number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 17 in Finland and number 27 in the United States and Germany.

Toto the Hero

Toto the Hero () is a 1991 Belgian French German fantasy comedy drama movie directed by first time director Jaco Van Dormael. It stars Michel Bouquet, Jo De Backer, Thomas Godet, Gisela Uhlen, Mireille Perrier, Sandrine Blancke, Michel Robin, Pascal Duquenne, Jo Deseure.


Rende

Rende is an Italian city in Calabria. About 35,000 people live there.

The University of Calabria is in Rende.

Acri

Acri is an Italian city in Calabria. 19,949 people live there.

Porto San Giorgio

Porto San Giorgio is a town and "comune" in the Province of Fermo, in the Marche region in Italy. About 15,700 people lived here in 2021 and it is on the Adriatic coast.

Sitting on Top of the World (Delta Goodrem song)

"Sitting on Top of the World" is a 2012 song by Australian singer Delta Goodrem and is the leading single from her fourth studio album "Child of the Universe". It went to number 2 in Australia and number 23 in New Zealand. It marked the return to multi-platinum certified singles since "Predictable" in 2003.




Luttra Woman

The Luttra Woman is a bog body that was found near Luttra, Sweden, on 20 May 1943. The body has been dated to the Early Neolithic period, of about 3800-3600 BC. In Swedish, the body is called Hallonflickan(), in Danish, she is called Hindbærpigen. Both names are translated as "Raspberry Girl." This name comes from the fact that when she was found, her stomach showed that raspberries had likely been her last meal. At the time of her death, she was a teenager, or a young adult. There are no traces of injuries or fatal diseases on her body. She was likely tied up before her death, and drowned on purpose. Axel Bagge, an archeolgoist who assisted in the first investigation, said that she had either been a human sacrifice, or she had been executed.

Since 1994, her body has been on permanent display at a museum in Falköping.

, she was the earliest-known Neolithic person from Western Sweden.

When experts looked at the body, they concluded that she must have been a pretty girl or young woman. She was was a little smaller than other women her age. She was tall. Other women of her age, in the region usualy were beteen and tall. In the area where her stomach must have been, a large number of raspberry seeds were found. In the stone age, there were no technologies that would allow to keep raspberries for a longer time period. For this reason, her death must have been in summer, likely in July or August. This makes her a special case, as the other bog bodies found in Sweden all died during the winter months. In the 1990s, scientists tried to determine her age. They found that she must have been at least eighteen years old, more likely 20-25 years. Radiocarbon dating found that the woman had died about 1000 years later than first thought, between 3105 and 2935 BC. When looking at the surrounding soil, remains of freshwater snails were found. Likely, the woman was drowned in open water. Later, the area became a bog. 

Three years before the body of the woman was found, people had found an arrowhead, made of flintstone, about away. People thought, the arrow had missed the woman, and that she had been hit by another arrow. Later her body moved into the water. Further excavations were done, but they neither found another arrowhead, nor any wounds that would explain that an arrow had hit her. Therefore, the arrowhead is likely unrelated to the woman.

, her body has been on a permanent exhibition titled "Forntid på Falbygden" () at the Falbygdens Museum, Falköping, since 1994. There is also a bust of what she might have looked like, displayed at the museum. Stockholm-based model-maker Oscar Nilsson created it.

Bog body

A "bog body"' is a human cadaver, that has been left in a bog. Because of the circumstances, it has been mummified, using natural mummification. The enviroment of the peat bog means that certain features are preserved, which would usually decay. Such bodies are often found, the oldest ones date to about 8000 BC, the most recent ones are those of dead soldiers of the Second World War.

Ōhura

Ōhura is a small town in the Ruapehu District, west of the North Island. It is situated west of Taumarunui in the King Country. It has a primary school and was once the centre of coal mining until 1965, railway network and has hit hard times with the population steadily decreasing since the 1990s. It has Ohura River running the village.

Mattel Television

Mattel Television is the television production division of American toy and entertainment company Mattel, originally founded on 31 March 2016 as the successor to Mattel's earlier entertainment division, "Mattel Playground Productions", under the name Mattel Creations.




Barbara Pravi

Barbara Piévic (born 10 April, 1993) better known as Barbara Pravi, is a French-Serbian singer and writer. She represented France at Eurovision Song Contest 2021 with "Voilà" and was the runner-up. 

Pravi has also written numerous songs for multiple artists including Yannick Noah, Julie Zenatti, Chimène Badi, and Jaden Smith. She also composed the songs "J'imagine" (which won the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2020) and "Oh maman!" (which won the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2022). 

In February 2023, she released a book named "Lève-toi." 

She was born in Paris. Pravi's father is from Serbia and is of Algerian descent. Her mother is of Polish and Iranian origin. Pravi's maternal grandfather is painter Hossein Zenderoudi.

Double Gloucester

Double Gloucester is a is a traditional, semi-hard cheese which has been made in Gloucestershire, England, since the 16th century. There is a Single Gloucester which is more crumbly, lighter in texture and lower in fat, but it is now quite rare. They are both made from milk from Gloucester cattle.

Wensleydale cheese

Wensleydale is a sort of cheese originally produced in Wensleydale, North Yorkshire. It is now mostly made in large commercial creameries in England.

It was started by French Cistercian monks who had settled in northern England. Local farmers carried on making it after the monastery was dissolved in 1540. Wensleydale cheese was made more popular by the "Wallace and Gromit" series.

John Stevenson (director)

John Stevenson (born 1958) is a British animator, film director and puppeteer. He has over 40 years of experience with animation.

Secular Shrine Theory

 


Porto Sant'Elpidio

Porto Sant'Elpidio is a coastal town in the Province of Fermo in Marche, Italy. 25,071 people lived here.

Sant'Elpidio a Mare

Sant'Elpidio a Mare is a town and "comune" in the Province of Fermo, in the Marche region in Italy.

Monterubbiano

Monterubbiano is a "comune" in the Province of Fermo, in the Marche region in Italy.

Gungwiller

Gungwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Gunstett

Gunstett is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Haegen

Haegen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Handschuheim

Handschuheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hangenbieten

Hangenbieten is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Harskirchen

Harskirchen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hatten, Bas-Rhin

Hatten is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hattmatt

Hattmatt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hegeney

Hegeney is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Dog food

Dog food is food Dog food is food made for dogs. Dogs are omnivores but they like to eat meat. They have sharp, pointed teeth and shorter gastrointestinal tracts of carnivores, better suited for meat than vegetables. Their feeding habits evolved as they lived with humans in agricultural societies and ate scrap leftovers and excrement from humans. Dogs' ability to digest carbohydrates easily may be a key difference between dogs and wolves. 

The first food was made specifically for dogs in the nineteenth century, Spratt's Patent Dog Biscuit. In the United States people spent around $23.3 billion in 2022 on dog food.

Lautaro Martínez

Lautaro Javier Martínez (born 22 August 1997) is an Argentine football player. He plays as a striker for Inter Milan and the Argentina national team.

Heiligenberg, Bas-Rhin

Heiligenberg is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Heiligenstein

Heiligenstein is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is known for its wine called Klevener de Heiligenstein.

First inauguration of William McKinley

The first inauguration of William McKinley as the 25th president of the United States happened on March 4, 1897. The inauguration was the beginning of the first four-year term of William McKinley's as president and the only term of Garret Hobart as vice president. Vice president Hobart did not finish his term because he died on November 21, 1899. As there was no system in place to put a replacement for him to serve the rest of his term, his position remained unfilled until the end of McKinley's term.

The ceremony happened in front of the Old Senate Chamber at the United States Capitol Building in Washington, D.C. It was the 28th presidential inauguration. This inauguration was the first to be caught on film. This was the last inauguration to be held in the 19th century. 

Chief Justice Melville Fuller gave the oath of office to McKinley.


Hengwiller

Hengwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Herbitzheim

Herbitzheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Herbsheim

Herbsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Herrlisheim

Herrlisheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hilsenheim

Hilsenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Inauguration of James K. Polk

The inauguration of James K. Polk as the 11th president of the United States happened on March 4, 1845. This was the 15th inauguration and it marked the start of the only four-year term of both James K. Polk as president and George M. Dallas as vice president. The inauguration took place at the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. 

Chief Justice Roger B. Taney gave the oath of office to Polk. This was the first inauguration to be reported by telegraph and to be shown in a newspaper illustration; it appeared in "The Illustrated London News".



Hindisheim

Hindisheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Menominee County, Wisconsin

Menominee County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 4,255 people lived there. The county seat is Keshena.

Oneida County, Wisconsin

Oneida County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 37,845 people lived there. The county seat is Rhinelander.

Manchester tart

Manchester tart is a traditional English baked tart with a shortcrust pastry shell, spread with raspberry jam, covered with a custard filling and topped with flakes of coconut and a Maraschino cherry. Some have thinly-sliced bananas under the custard.

Manchester tart was often on school dinner menus until the mid-1980s.

Robinson's Bakers of Failsworth says it is the home of the Manchester tart.

Wiesloch

Wiesloch is a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is 13 km south of Heidelberg. It is the fourth largest town in the Rhein-Neckar-Kreis, after Weinheim, Sinsheim and Leimen.

Dravograd

Dravograd () is a small town in northern Slovenia, close to the border with Austria. It is the seat of the Municipality of Dravograd and is on the Drava River at the confluence with the Meža and the Mislinja.

Joseph Phua

Joseph Phua (born 1984) is a Singaporean entrepreneur. He is the co-founder of dating app Paktor, a dating app that operates primarily in Asia He is the founder of . Phua is the chairman of Turn capital and also SoundOn Group. He is also the chairman of live streaming platform known as .

Phua graduated from Stern School of Business, New York University, majoring in Finance for his undergraduate degree. After graduating, he launched Paktor in 2014.  The app quickly gained popularity in Asia for offering features such as a swipe-based interface similar to Tinder. Joseph Phua served as the CEO of Paktor until 2017 when he stepped down to become the chairman of the company.

Phua co-founded a new social networking app called M17 Entertainment in 2017 by merging with . M17 Entertainment initially focused on live streaming and online entertainment, targeting Asian markets. The company eventually expanded its services to include dating and social networking features.

Phua founded in 2022 He then hired almost all the staff laid off from Taiwan AppleDaily Taiwan.

Rice pudding

Rice pudding is a dessert made from rice cooked with water or milk and other ingredients such as sugar, cinnamon, vanilla or raisins. It is eaten in many countries and with many different recipes. It may be baked in an oven or boiled. 

Horlicks

Horlicks is a sweet malted milk hot drink powder. 

It was first made in America in 1873 as an artificial infant food. Later it was sold as a powdered meal replacement drink for people who couldnt eat properly. It is now sold as a nutritional supplement and is manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline. In the United Kingdom it is made with a mixture of wheat flour and malted wheat (46%), and malted barley (26%). In different countries it may be made and advertised differently. 

GSK plc

GSK plc, which used to be called GlaxoSmithKline plc. It is a multinational drug and biotechnology company with global headquarters in London, It is the is the tenth largest drug company. 

It was started in 2000 when Glaxo Wellcome and SmithKline Beecham joined together. Its market capitalisation was £60 billion in May 2023. 

It made the first malaria vaccine in 2014.

Travelling Without Moving

Travelling Without Moving is the third studio album by English funk band Jamiroquai. It was released on 28 August, 1996 through Sony Soho Square. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom and France, number 3 in Switzerland, number 4 in Sweden, number 5 in Belgium, number 6 in Australia, Finland and Japan, number 7 in New Zealand, number 9 in Austria and Germany, number 16 in the Netherlands and Norway, number 24 in the United States, number 37 in Canada and number 41 in Poland. The album was Jamiroquai's American breakthrough and marked its debut on the Billboard 200 chart.


Sinner's Prayer

In evangelical Christianity, the Sinners prayer is a short prayer. It admits sin and asks Jesus to save. 

Belantsea

Belantsea is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish that lived during the Lower Carboniferous, about 350 million years ago. It belongs to the order Petalodontiformes, which are called petalodonts, in the family Belantseidae. Its fossils are almost complete individuals.

"Belantsea" is the best known member of the order Petalodontiformes.

"Belantsea" would essentially‭ ‬have‭ ‬been the Carboniferous equivalent of a parrotfish. Its body was leaf-shaped, with muscular fins and a small tail. Its few, large, triangular teeth formed a beak-like arrangement that allowed it to graze bryozoans, sponges, crinoids, and other encrusting animals.

The species in this genus are:




"Belantsea" is a carnivore. 

It's up to‭ ‬70‭ ‬centimeters long.

You can find "Belantsea" fossils in the USA, including Kansas‭ ‬-‭ ‬Zeandale Limestone Formation,‭ ‬Montana‭ ‬-‭ ‬Heath Formation,‭ ‬and Nebraska.

Baskirian to Gzhelian of the Carboniferous.

Because of its rather ungraceful body and veil-like fins, experts believe that "Belantsea" was probably a slow swimmer.




Old World silverside

The Old World silversides are a family, the Atherinidae, of marine and freshwater fish belonging to the order Atheriniformes. Atherinidae are abundant and considered bony fish (teleosts) that are widespread globally, living in rivers, estuaries, and coastal waters. 

They occur worldwide in tropical and temperate waters. About two-thirds of the species are marine, and the others live in fresh water. There are 74 species in 13 genera. 

The genus "Craterocephalus" is the most diverse with 25 species. Four genera are monotypic.


Silversides are relatively small with most being less than 20 cm (7.9 in) in length, with several not attaining lengths of more than 5 cm (2.0 in). The body is generally elongated. Distinctive characters include two dorsal fins widely separated, with the first consisting of flexible spines and the second having one spine followed by soft rays, while the anal fin has one spine on the leading edge followed by soft rays. The pectoral fins tend to be high, and there is no lateral line. On the flanks is a broad, silvery band. The scales are relatively large. Some species, such as the hardyhead silverside, "Atherinomorus lacunosus", are commercially fished.

The family Atherinopsidae (Neotropical silversides) is closely related, while the genus "Atherion" has been given family status in the Atherionidae by some authorities.

The separation between the ancestors of Craterocephalinae and Atherininae caused Atherininae lineage to form in Southern Australia, which has cooler habitats than Northern Australia.

The subfamily Atherininae has five genera. One is "Atherina", which is found near the Eastern Atlantic and Mediterranean oceans; however, the remaining four are restricted to Australia’s southern coastal waters. 

Since "Atherina"’s biogeographic location is significantly different, it is likely that "Atherina" and the four genera are not monophyletic or do not descend from a common ancestor. Instead, "Atherina" is hypothesized to have a sister lineage with the ancestors of Atherininae and the Craterocephalinae.


Irwell, New Zealand

Irwell is a small rural village in the Selwyn District, New Zealand. It once had a school that merged with Leeston in 1937. All that remains is church and small townhouses scattered along Leeston Road in the village. The road has a 60km/h speed limit running through the village.

St Kilda, New Zealand

St Kilda is a suburb of Dunedin. It was named after the Melbourne suburb of St Kilda. It had a racecourse called Forbury Park Raceway that ran until its closure in 2021. From 1875 to 1989 it had a borough until it was adsorbed into Dunedin City Council in 1989. It is located near the suburbs of St Clair, Forbury, Tainui, South Dunedin and Musselburgh.

Standing Still (Jewel song)

"Standing Still" is a 2001 song by American singer Jewel and is the leading single from her fourth studio album "This Way". It went to the top 40 in Australia, the United States, the Netherlands and New Zealand where it went to number 7 on the charts. It did poorly in the United Kingdom.

US 7-inch single

European and Australian CD single

Janassa

Janassa is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish. It lived in marine environments in what is now central United States of America and Europe during the Carboniferous and upper Permian. It is known from teeth and a few poorly preserved body fossils from Germany.

It was possibly related to the modern-day ratfish.

According to the fossils, "Janassa" had a body plan very similar to that of the modern skate. However, "Janassa" was a petalodont, a kind of ancient cartilaginous fish related to chimaeras. Its teeth suggest it crushed and ate shellfish, such as brachiopods.


The type species is "Janassa bituminosa".




Eltham, New Zealand

Eltham is a town in the South Taranaki District, New Zealand. It is located 50 kilometers south of New Plymouth, 11 kilometers south of Stratford, 13 kilometers east of Kaponga and 19 kilometers north of Hāwera. It is situated on State Highway 3 and is the largest of the Taranaki dairy industry. It has a primary school located in the town. From 1901 to 1989 it was a borough until it was adsorbed into South Taranaki District in 1989. It is the home of All Black and Taranaki rugby player Brian Muller.

Chomatodus

Chomatodus (from Greek: χωμα "choma", 'mound' and Greek: ὀδούς "odoús" 'tooth') is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish belonging to the family Petalodontidae. 


There is no type species.

We don't know what it looks like. Some people draw it as a slender shark. Others mistake it for a perciform fish. So far, people have found teeth and tooth fossils instead of complete fossils.



Antliodus

Antliodus is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish, a petalodont from the Carboniferous. It is known from the Mississippian of the United States, Britain, and Belgium. Though many species have been reported in the past, a lack of recent revisions means some may be dubious.



Helicoprion

Helicoprion is an extinct genus of cartilaginous fish. Almost all fossil specimens are of spirally arranged clusters of the individuals' teeth, called tooth whorls, which in life were embedded in the lower jaw. As with most extinct cartilaginous fish, the skeleton is mostly unknown. It is one of the most popular sharks of all time. It was always assumed that the "Helicoprion" was a shark, but it is more closely related to ratfish.

It had skeletons made of cartilage. As a result, the entire body disintegrated once it began to decay, unless preserved by exceptional circumstances. This can make it difficult to draw precise conclusions on the full body appearance of "Helicoprion".

The tooth was unusual-looking. Many shark fans call the tooth a tooth whorl. The largest known "Helicoprion" tooth whorl, specimen IMNH 49382 representing an unknown species, reached 56 cm (22 in) in diameter and 14 cm (5.5 in) in crown height, which would have belonged to an individual over 7.6 m (25 ft) in length.

"Main article: Tooth whorl"

A tooth whorl is a structure found on the "Helicoprion". Almost all "Helicoprion" specimens are known solely from tooth whorls, which is a name shark lovers call when they see a tooth whorl.


Several large whorls are difficult to assign to any particular species group, "H. svalis" among them. IMNH 14095, a specimen from Idaho, appears to be similar to "H. bessonowi", but it has unique flange-like edges on the apices of its teeth. IMNH 49382, also from Idaho, has the largest known whorl diameter at 56 cm (22 in) for the outermost volution (the only one preserved), but it is incompletely preserved and still partially buried. "H. mexicanus", named by F.K.G. Müllerreid in 1945, was supposedly distinguished by its tooth ornamentation. 

Its holotype is currently missing, though its morphology was similar to that of IMNH 49382. In 1922, Karpinsky named a new species of "Helicoprion", "H. ivanovi", from Gzhelian (latest Carboniferous) strata near Moscow. However, this species has subsequently been removed from "Helicoprion" and placed as a second species of the related eugeneodont "Campyloprion".

Hypotheses for the placement and identity of "Helicoprion"'s tooth whorls were controversial from the moment it was discovered. Woodward (1886), who referred the first known "Helicoprion" fossils to "Edestus", discussed the various hypotheses concerning the nature of "Edestus" fossils.

Karpinsky's hypothesis of the placement of the tooth whorl was putting it on the nose. Many people said that "the tooth whorl on the nose looks so weird." It now has its tooth whorl in its lower jaw.

"Helicoprion" was a famous animal because it has been found in many websites. People have given it the name buzzsaw shark.




Tooth whorl

A tooth whorl is a structure found on the "Helicoprion". It is a name shark lovers call when they see one. Almost all "Helicoprion" specimens are known solely from them.

Puerto Ayacucho

Puerto Ayacucho () is the capital and largest city of Amazonas State in Venezuela.

Black Capricorn Day

"Black Capricorn Day" is a 2000 song by English funk band Jamiroquai and is the fifth and final single from their fourth studio album "Synkronized". It went to number 14 in Japan and only released in Japan and was not released in the United Kingdom. The single contains remixes of their singles "Canned Heat" and "Supersonic".


UNESCO Global Geoparks

UNESCO Global Geoparks (UGGp) are places and landscapes with interesting, unusual geology. They are certified by the UNESCO Global Geoparks Council. They have to meet a set of criteria. The GGN is a network of geoparks. It is also an agency of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) which administers the network.

Condenser (heat transfer)

A condenser is a heat exchanger used to condense a gaseous substance into a liquid state through cooling. In so doing, the latent heat is released by the substance and absorbed into the environment around it. Condensers are used for efficient heat rejection in many industrial systems. Condensers can be made in multiple designs and they come in many sizes ranging from small (hand-held) to very large (industrial-scale units used in plant processes). For example, a refrigerator uses a condenser to get rid of heat extracted from the interior of the unit to the outside air. This cools the food inside of it.

Condensers are used in air conditioning, industrial chemical processes such as distillation, steam power plants, and other heat-exchange systems. Use of cooling water or surrounding air as the coolant is common in many condensers.

A "condenser coil" used in air conditioning systems normally has a heat exchanger section to cool down and condense the refrigerant vapor into liquid, a compressor to raise the pressure of the refrigerant and move it along, and a fan for blowing outside air through the heat exchanger section to cool the refrigerant inside. A normal setup of a condenser unit is as follows: The heat exchanger coil section wraps around the sides of the unit with the compressor inside. In this heat exchanger section, the refrigerant goes through multiple tube passes, which are surrounded by fins through which cooling air can circulate from outside to inside the unit. There is a motorized fan inside the condenser unit near the top, which is covered by a cover to keep any objects from accidentally falling on the fan. The fan is used to pull outside cooling air in through the heat exchanger section at the sides and blow it out the top through the grate. These condenser units are located on the outside of the building they are trying to cool, with tubing between the unit and building, one for vapor refrigerant entering and another for liquid refrigerant leaving the unit to the Evaporator.

Novostav (Rivne Oblast)

Novostav (until the 1940s — "Jurydiko-Novostav") — a village in the Zoryanska village community of the Rivne district of the Rivne region of Ukraine. The population is 779 people.

The village is located one kilometer north of Klevan on the southern (partially northern) side of the railway near the already dried Stubla floodplain on both sides.

Novostav has named objects: Dacha (Dachi) "Sanatorna district", where in 1924 the burgher Svishchuk built the first rest house in the purchased forest; Busli "an inhabited riverbank, where storks and storks once gathered before departure" and many others.

The name Novostav comes from the two-component Novy Stav, which, in turn, was the result of distinguishing two Stavs: the older and the newer. The original Stav, which on the left bank of the Stubla took the name of the tract where it was, and apparently, somewhere in the vicinity of the former water mill, is now gone, as well as the stream of Zhivets (Zhylivets), which originated from spring waters.

According to legend, Novostav got its name from the expression "to build a new village", because it is said that the surrounding villagers decided to create a new settlement here after the Tatar pogrom. But some tend to see in the name the concept of "a settlement created at the new pond on the right bank of the Stubla".

For the first time, Novostav, but under the name Novy Stav, is mentioned in a charter of 1516, where it is said that King Sigismund I granted Bohus an estate named "Zhukovo" with the villages of "Belev" and "New Stav". At that time, according to popular speech, there was still "Stary Stav", located on the left side of Stubla on the road to Olyshva in the vicinity of the sanatorium, Klevanska Secondary School. It was, obviously, the oldest settlement of Novostava, and now it is its precinct.

In 1577, "Novyi Stav" as an estate of Ivan Czartoryiskyi paid Klevansky castle large in-kind duties from the apiary, pitch mill, grain grinding, fishing. Two years later, the "Novostav bridge" was mentioned, which was completely destroyed by the spring flood when the Stubelka overflowed.

According to the "lustration" of 1579, "Novostav" held three "gardens" of the Lutsk castle. The act of 1588 confirms the ownership of "New Stav" to Yuri Czartoryiskyi as a castle settlement with preferential duties.

At the end of 1603, an enterprise for the production of "turpentine", tar, resin was built in "Novy Stave" using foreign equipment.

During the war of liberation, in 1652, "Novostavetskoe estate" was completely devastated. Great damage was done to him by new punitive noble units. Then a large part of the peasants went to the Pinsk swamps.

According to data from 1779, Novostav is a "village" eparchically belonging to Klevan, which then had 89 yards and 789 inhabitants. A little later, "Yuridiko-Novostav" was formed - the northwestern outskirts of Klevan in the vicinity of the church.

According to the 1947 directory, Jurydiko-Novostav, which had a village council, was renamed Novostav.

North Borneo

North Borneo (other names include British North Borneo and State of North Borneo) was an area in the northern part of the island of Borneo. Between 1881 and 1946, it was a British protectorate. The North Borneo Chartered Company governed it. In 1946, it was renamed to "British North Borneo", and became a crown colony. In 1963, it became independent, and joined what would later become the country of Malaysia. Today, the area makes up the Malaysian state of Sabah. North Borneo mainly produced timber for export, most of the workforce worked in agriculture.

Evaporator

An evaporator is a device used to turn a liquid into a gas through evaporation.

Air conditioners and refrigerators use a compressed liquid with a low boiling point that vaporizes inside the system and cools it, while releasing the thermal energy into its surroundings. The cooling liquid, or refrigerant is pumped into the cooled compartment (the evaporator coil) inside an air handler. Low pressure then causes the refrigerant to evaporate taking the heat with it. After this, it will continue back to the compressor. 

Saint-Vaast-la-Hougue

Saint-Vaast-la-Hougue is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. It is twinned with Bridport, England, United Kingdom.

Droylsden

Droylsden is a town in Tameside, Greater Manchester, England. In 2011, 22,689 people lived there.

Piazza Armerina

Piazza Armerina is an Italian city in Sicily. It is in the Province of Enna. About 21,700 people live there.

Interstate 885

Interstate 885 and North Carolina Highway 885 are a 11.8 mile Interstate highway and state highway in the U.S state of North Carolina. The Interstate highway’s southern end is Interstate 40 and continues south as North Carolina Highway 885. The northern end of I-885 is at Interstate 85, and US 70. The part of I-885 from I-40 to the East End Connector is part of the Durham Freeway, where it continues as North Carolina Highway 147.

Hinsbourg

Hinsbourg is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Montegrino Valtravaglia

Montegrino Valtravaglia is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Acton, Cheshire

Acton is a village and civil parish in Cheshire, England.

Newhall, Cheshire

Newhall is a village and civil parish in Cheshire, England.

Blood, Passion and Coffee

Blood, Passion and Coffee () is a 2019 Honduran drama movie directed by Carlos Membreño and stars Alejandra Arias, Enrique Barrientos, Ethel Flores, Carlos Alberto Moncada.

Andersonville Seminary

Andersonville Theological Seminary is a private Christian institution located in Camilla, Georgia. It offers academic programs for students at the undergraduate and graduate levels, with the goal of preparing individuals for various positions within the Christian community, including missionaries, evangelists, preachers, Christian scholars, and educators. The seminary was founded in 1981 and presently boasts an enrollment of over 3,000 students, along with a network of more than 30,000 alumni.

Andersonville Theological Seminary, formerly known as Andersonville Baptist Seminary, was founded in 1981 by Dr. Jimmy Hayes. It was officially recognized as a non-profit Christian educational institution by the State of Georgia and received official 501(c)(3) status from the Internal Revenue Service, signifying its charitable and tax-exempt status. In 2002, Andersonville Theological Seminary underwent a name change and expanded its selection of academic programs. The seminary follows the evangelical Baptist tradition and places a strong emphasis on the King James Version of the Bible.

The student body at Andersonville Theological Seminary consists of individuals with diverse religious beliefs, backgrounds, and church affiliations. The seminary warmly welcomes students from 24 different countries worldwide, as well as from all 50 states of the United States. It is particularly designed for adult learners who are actively engaged in church responsibilities or hold full-time employment while pursuing their degrees.

The governance of the seminary is overseen by a board of trustees, with Chris Moore serving as the chairman. The current president of the seminary is Jimmy Hayes. The trustees are responsible for overseeing the implementation of policies and allocating resources as necessary.

Andersonville Theological Seminary is situated approximately 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Albany, Georgia, and about 55 miles (89 kilometers) north of Tallahassee, Florida.

The seminary is located in the southwestern part of Georgia and has its main headquarters in the city of Camilla. Camilla is situated in Mitchell County, Georgia, in the United States. The city is recognized for its rich historical traditions, distinctive southern architecture, and flourishing agricultural practices.

Each degree program provided by Andersonville Theological Seminary is carefully designed, assessed for quality, reviewed, and ultimately approved by the Board of Trustees. As of 2019, the seminary offers a range of undergraduate degrees, including three distinct types, as well as a selection of graduate degrees, encompassing six different types of programs.

Andersonville Theological Seminary is renowned for its steadfast dedication to upholding traditional religious beliefs. Andersonville Theological Seminary prioritizes the teaching of Christianity through its educational methods, which focus on theology and bible studies. Many students enroll in the seminary with the aim of pursuing a career in Christian ministry. The curriculum at ATS centers around the teachings of the Bible.

ATS primarily delivers education through books and recorded class lectures. It has established a partnership with the Institute of Theological Studies (ITS). Currently, the seminary is in the process of transitioning certain distance education courses into fully interactive online Moodle courses. Most programs allow students to learn at their own pace, except for those pursuing degrees in Counseling and Education. It is important to note that these degrees do not fulfill licensing requirements in any state, although individuals may be permitted to fulfill their responsibilities under a religious exemption.

Since 2020, graduate students have the option to participate in in-person classes held at the Andersonville Theological Seminary location in Camilla, Georgia, specifically in Mitchell County.

For admission into the associate degree program at Andersonville Theological Seminary, applicants are required to have completed high school or possess an equivalent qualification, such as the General Education Development Credential or IB Diploma. As for those interested in pursuing a bachelor's degree, they should either hold an associate degree or have completed sixty credit hours of college-level courses. The admission requirements for graduate studies vary based on the chosen degree program selected by the applicant.

Andersonville Theological Seminary has partnered with the National Christian Counselors Association (NCCA) to offer a specialized program in Christian counseling. The NCCA is a Christian organization that grants licenses and certifications to pastoral counselors based on religious beliefs. However, it is important to note that these credentials are not recognized by any state for providing secular counseling services.

The seminary equips students for biblical counseling training, enabling them to obtain certification through the Association of Biblical Counselors.

Andersonville Theological Seminary employs a four-point Grade Point Average (GPA) system to assess students' academic performance. Instead of using rankings, the seminary offers graduates the chance to receive honors and recognition upon successful completion of their degree program.

For graduate students, receiving distinction involves achieving a Grade Point Average (GPA) between 3.75 and 3.94, while attaining highest distinction necessitates a GPA of 3.95 or higher.

In the case of undergraduate students, graduating with cum laude honors entails earning a GPA ranging from 3.50 to 3.74, magna cum laude honors requires a GPA between 3.75 and 3.94, and achieving summa cum laude honors necessitates a GPA of 3.95 or above.

ATS does not feature in national or global rankings of colleges and universities because it is an independent seminary with a distinct classification.

ATS's official colors are slate blue, red, and white. The seminary's mascot is the crusader, which represents the institution.

ATS holds accreditation from the Association of Independent Christian College and Seminaries. Moreover, the seminary maintains affiliations with several organizations, such as the Association of Christian Distance Education (ACCESS) and the Council of Private Colleges of America (CPCA). ATS is affiliated with various organizations, including the National Christian Counselors Association (NCCA), Association of Biblical Counselors, Institute of Theological Studies (ITS), and the United States Distance Learning Association (USDLA).

Andersonville Theological Seminary is a Christian seminary functioning as a non-profit organization authorized by the State of Georgia. It has obtained approval from the Georgia Nonpublic Postsecondary Education Commission for Religious Exemption. Additionally, the seminary has been granted recognition as a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organization by the Internal Revenue Service.

ATS has a vibrant community of alumni and educators who are actively involved in missions, ministry, teaching, public service, and various professions. Over the years, the seminary has graduated more than 30,000 individuals and maintains an active alumni association that supports the seminary through different activities, initiatives, and resources. The annual graduation ceremony takes place at the Albany Municipal Auditorium in Albany, Georgia. ATS graduates are provided with the opportunity to obtain class rings and diploma frames from Jostens, along with alumni merchandise from the official ATS Online store offered by Logosoftware.

ATS publishes a monthly digital bulletin, which contains up-to-date information, announcements, and important dates, including graduation and job prospects. This newsletter is distributed via email to students, alumni, and supporters of the seminary.

ATS alumni have made notable contributions to various fields. James Walter Clifton, an alumnus, achieved a historic milestone by becoming the first Libertarian to win a partisan race in Michigan in 1988. Bruce McCoy, another alumnus, served as President of the Missouri Baptist Convention and has made significant contributions to the organization. Jim West holds the position of distinguished professor at the Ming Hua School of Theology in Hong Kong. Eric Watson has previously served as a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives.



Montalto Uffugo

Montalto Uffugo is an Italian city in Calabria. About 20,000 people lived there.

Hinsingen

Hinsingen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hipsheim

Hipsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ajay Mandal

Ajay Mandal (born October 1, 1988) is an Indian doctor.

Ali Farka Touré

Ali Farka Touré (31 October 1939 – 6 March 2006) was a Malian singer and multi-instrumentalist, and one of Africa's most famous musicians. His music blends traditional Malian music and its derivative, African American blues. He was a pioneer of African desert blues. Touré was number 76 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of "The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time" and number 37 on "Spin" magazine's "100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time". 

Rajneesh K. Mishra

Dr. R. K. Mishra is a laparoscopic and robotic surgeon from India. He is commonly known as Dr. Rajneesh Kumar Mishra. Mishra has authored and co-authored many scientific publications. In his publications, he has highlighted innovative surgical approaches, advancements, and outcomes in Minimal Access Surgery. He is a member of the Society of Gastrointestinal Laparoscopic Surgeons (SAGES). He is also the president of the International College of Robotic Surgeons. Also, he is the chief editor of the World Journal of Laparoscopic Surgery. Mishra is also a founding member of the (CRSA) Clinical Robotic Surgery Association's Indian chapter.


Google scholar profile

Theloderma rhododiscus

The Chinese bubble-nest frog, red-disked small tree frog, or Chinese bug-eyed frog ("Theloderma rhododiscus") is a frog. It lives in China.

Garman New Guinea tree frog

The Garman New Guinea tree frog (""Litoria" jeudii") is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place in Papua New Guinea.

Haunting the Chapel

Haunting the Chapel is an extended play (EP) made by Slayer. Slayer is an American thrash metal band. Metal Blade Records, a record label, released it in June 1984. Slayer's first album, "Show No Mercy", was Metal Blade's best selling album. Because of this, the owner of Metal Blade wanted the band to make an EP. The band recorded the EP in Hollywood. Dave Lombardo met Gene Hoglan while the band was making the album. Lombardo changed how he played the drums after meeting Hoglan. While recording the EP, Lombardo started using two bass drums in his drum kit. Hoglan helped Lombardo play the bass drums better.

The EP has three songs on it. These are "Chemical Warfare", "Captor of Sin" and "Haunting the Chapel". The band played "Chemical Warfare" at many of their concerts. "Haunting the Chapel" did not go on any music charts. Other music makers have said they were inspired by the EP. Chuck Schuldiner of Death said that "Haunting the Chapel" was "life changing". Bolt Thrower and At the Gates have also been inspired by it.

Limb darkening

Limb darkening is an effect where the middle part of a star (as well as the Sun) looks brighter than the edge, or "limb".

Rossell Island tree frog

The Rossell Island tree frog (""Litoria" louisiadensis") is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly two places: Roussel Island and Sudest Island in Papua New Guinea. People have seen it between 127 and 700 meters above sea level.

Intercession of saints

In Catholic & Eastern Orthodox theology, the intersession of the saints is prayer to holy men and women that the Church has recognized, in the belief that their prayers in turn have a "powerful effect" (Epistle of James 5:16). Protestants see only prayer to God Himself as valid. 

Rototuna

Rototuna is a suburb of Hamilton. It is situated east of Flagstaff and the Waikato River. It is one of the fastest growing suburbs of Hamilton since the late 1990s. It has three shopping centres and has two primary schools, two high schools and a Christian school located in the suburb. It was once a small village until the late 1990s when rapid growth started pouring into the suburb. 

The Entertainer (song)

"The Entertainer" is a 1974 song by Billy Joel and is the only single from his third studio album "Streetlife Serenade". It went to number 30 in Canada, number 34 in the United States and number 89 in Australia.

Fairlie, New Zealand

Fairle is a service town in the Mackenzie District. It has two state highways running through the town State Highway 8 from Timaru 58 kilometers northwest and State Highway 79 38 kilometers west of Geraldine. It has two primary schools and one high school and is well known for its Fairlie pies. Jack Lovelock was a notable resident of the town. It has cool winters and has Opihi River running through the town. It is named after Fairlie a village in Scotland.

Never Let You Go (Third Eye Blind song)

"Never Let You Go" is a 2000 song by American rock band Third Eye Blind and is the second single from their second studio album "Blue". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 14 in the United States, number 15 in New Zealand, number 26 in Iceland and number 63 in Australia. It did very poorly in the United Kingdom.



Howards' Way

Howards' Way is a British television drama series that ran from 1 September, 1985 to 25 November, 1990 on BBC1 for six seasons and 78 episodes. It was created by Gerard Glaister and Allan Prior. It is set in Bursledon, Hampshire. It deals with the professional and personal lives of the wealthy yachting family and business community.

The following actors also made guest appearances in the series include Willoughby Gray, John Quarmby, Sally Farmiloe, Oscar Quitak, Anthony Head, Kathleen Byron, Tony Caunter, Richard Wilson, Roberta Taylor, Iain Rattray, Vikki Richards, Greg Hicks, Renu Setna, John Rolfe, Alison Doody, John Challis, Dean Harris, Michael Denison, Francesca Gonshaw, Bruce Bould, Paul Jerricho, Wensley Pithey, Victoria Burgoyne, Nicholas Donnelly, James Coombes, Todd Carty, John Moulder-Brown, Vincent Wong, Harry Landis, Peter Penry-Jones, Frank Thornton, Brian Croucher, Tom Cotcher, Bruce Boa, Pamela Salem, Burt Kwouk, James Greene, Walter Sparrow, Peter Copley, Barbara Wilshere, Patrick O'Connell, James Warwick, Annie Lambert, Susie Silvey, Clive Wood, Annabelle Apsion, Clive Owen, Stephen Greif, Mary Jo Randle, Ralph Michael, Andrew Burt, Harry Littlewood, Kelly George, Angus MacInnes, Catherine Schell, Moya Brady, Clare Holman, Werner Herzog, Michael Cochrane and Daniel Craig.


When You Were Young

"When You Were Young" is a 2006 song by alternative rock band The Killers and is the leading single from their second studio album "Sam's Town". It went to number 2 in Scotland and the United Kingdom, number 5 in Canada, number 6 in Ireland, number 10 in Australia and New Zealand, number 14 in the United States, number 20 in Norway, number 40 in Italy, number 43 in Belgium, number 44 in Germany, number 45 in Sweden, number 56 in Switzerland and number 71 in the Netherlands. It was nominated for 2 Grammy Awards in 2007.

CD: Island / ISLR16591-2 United States

7-inch: Vertigo / 170 672-1 United Kingdom

CD: Vertigo / 170 765-8 United Kingdom

CD: Island / 0 602517 07658 7 Germany

CD: Island / ISLR 16633-2 United States

2x12-inch: Island / B0007884-11 United States

New Sensation

"New Sensation" is a 1988 song by rock new wave band INXS and was taken from their sixth studio album "Kick". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 3 in the United States, number 9 in Australia and Spain, number 14 in the Netherlands, number 15 in Ireland and South Africa, number 16 in New Zealand, number 19 in Belgium and number 25 in the United Kingdom.

7-inch: Atlantic / 7-89080 (US)


7-inch: Mercury / INXS 9 (UK)

12-inch: Atlantic / 0-86572 (U.S.)

12-inch: Mercury / INXS 912 (UK)

12-inch: WEA Records / 0-258016 (Australia)

Great British Railways

Great British Railways (GBR) is a planned state-owned public body that will oversee rail transport in Great Britain except for Transport for London, Merseytravel, light rail and tram services.

It will take most rail functions of the Department for Transport and Rail Delivery Group, including services and setting fares. In addition, it will absorb Network Rail to become the operator of most rail infrastructure across Great Britain. The powers of the UK's devolved administrations will not be affected.

The railways of Great Britain were originally built by private companies, but after the Transport act 1947 it was nationalised and was run by British Railways until the railways become privatised, which begun in 1994 and finished in 1997. The rail infrastructure, passenger and freight services were separated at the time. 

Walkin' After Midnight

"Walkin' After Midnight" is a 1957 song by country singer Patsy Cline and it was taken from self-titled album "Patsy Cline". It went to number 12 in the United States and number 33 in Australia. It went to number 2 on the Billboard Hot Country singles chart.

7" vinyl single

Sergei Levteev

Sergei Levteev is the CEO and Chairman of the Board of Directors of IBA Group, an IT service provider company in Eastern Europe specialising in software services and solutions.

Sergei Levteev was born on August 14, 1955, in the Russian SFSR. At the age of 15, he moved with his family to Minsk, Belarusian SSR.

In 1972–1977 he studied at the Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radio Electronics (BSUIR), earning a B.S. in electronic engineering.

After graduation, he worked as a computer engineer at the G.K. Ordzhonikidze Electronic Computing Machines Plant (now Minsk Computer Technology Production Association (MCTPA)) under the state distribution program.

From 1985 to 1989, he worked at Elorg–Data, a Finland–based IT company.

After that, Levteev worked for four years as Deputy General Director of the computer engineering association BelNPOVT, an IT organisation with 40,000 employees.

In 1993, when IBA was founded, he became its CEO, and in 2005, he was elected Chairman of the Board of Directors of IBA Group.

In 2005, the headquarters of IBA Group was relocated from Minsk to Prague. Since then, Sergei Levteev has been a resident of the Czech Republic.

Sergei supports IT education and contributes to the development of the IT industry. He is a member of the Trustee Council of the Association of Postgraduates and Trustees of BSUIR.


Vadim Pykhtin

Vadim Yakovlevich Pykhtin (February 7, 1938 - October 22, 1997) was a Belarusian engineer, doctor of technical sciences, and professor. Laureate of the State Prize of the USSR. Scientist and designer in the field of computer technology. He was born on in the city of Bobrynets, Kirovohrad region.

Vadim Yakovlevich Pykhtin is a graduate of the Department of Computer Technology of MPEI. One of his teachers at the Institute was Academician SA Lebedev.

In 1961, after graduating, he began working at The Scientific Research Institute of Electronic Computers as a senior, leading engineer. Then as the head of the laboratory, the head of the department. He worked as deputy chief engineer.

He was the chief designer of computer processors "Minsk-23" and "Minsk-32".

In 1968, he won the Lenin Komsomol Prize in the field of science and technology for the creation of computers of the Minsk series. He was awarded the State Prize of the USSR in the field of science and technology in 1983 for the creation, organization of mass production, and introduction of computers, peripheral equipment, and computer systems into the national economy.

He worked as a professor at the Department of Information and Computing Systems (No. 210) of MVIZRU, MVVIU, and VA RB.

In the period from 1987 to 1988, he was the director of NIIEVM. In 1988, he became the Chief Designer and Scientific and Technical Director of the association BelNPOVT and NIIEVM. In 1992 he became director of NIIEVM. From 1994 to October 1997 he was the chief researcher of the institute.

He was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labor and the Order of the October Revolution. He died on October 22, 1997.

Bugha

Kyle Giersdorf, better known as Bugha, is an American esports players. He is best known for playing "Fortnite Battle Royale". He won the Fortnite World Cup 2019. He came to fame after winning Fortnite World Cup 2019.

Lilliana Ketchman

Lilliana Belle Ketchman (born June 23, 2008), known as Lilly K., is an American YouTuber, model, and dancer. She is known for being shown on Lifetime's "Dance Moms", starting in season six. She is also know for her YouTube videos.

2018 Alaska gubernatorial election

The 2018 Alaska gubernatorial election took place on November 6, 2018, to elect the governor and lieutenant governor of Alaska. In the primaries for recognized political parties, candidates for governor and lieutenant governor run separately

Gambia Colony and Protectorate

The Gambia Colony and Protectorate was the British colonial administration of The Gambia from 1821 to 1965, part of the British Empire in the New Imperialism era. The colony was the immediate area surrounding Bathurst (now Banjul). The Protectorate was the inland territory situated around the Gambia River, which was declared in 1894.

McLaren MP4-27

The McLaren MP4-27 is a racing car made by Vodafone McLaren Mercedes for the 2012 Formula One Season. The chassis was designed by Paddy Lowe, Neil Oatley, Tim Gross, Andrew Bailey and Simon Lacey. It has a Mercedes-Benz engine. It was driven by former World Champion Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton. It launched on 1 February at the McLaren team base in Woking, Surrey.

Mercury Lynx

The Mercury Lynx is a compact car sold by Ford, it is similar to the American Ford Escort, it was built from 1981-87, and replaced by the Mazda-built Mercury Tracer.

Like Phantoms, Forever

Like Phantoms, Forever is the first release of the American rock band, My Chemical Romance. It is an EP (extended play). It has only 100 copies of it, so it is very hard to find. It includes a cover of the song Jack the Ripper by the English singer Morrissey. 

Lost Highway (Bon Jovi album)

Lost Highway is the tenth studio album by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and was released on June 19, 2007 through Island and Mercury Records. It topped the album charts in Austria, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, Switzerland and the United States. It went to number 2 in Australia, New Zealand, Spain and the United Kingdom and number 3 in Argentina, Finland and Hungary.

The Circle (Bon Jovi album)

The Circle is the eleventh studio album by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and was released on November 10, 2009 through Island and Mercury Records. It topped the album charts in Canada, Germany, Japan, Switzerland and the United States. It went to number 2 in Austria and the United Kingdom, number 3 in Spain, number 4 in Australia and the Netherlands, number 5 in Portugal, number 6 in Finland, number 7 in Ireland and number 9 in Sweden and also peaked at number 20 in New Zealand.

Cyclone Mocha

Cyclone Mocha was a powerful and deadly tropical cyclone It killed almost 500 people in Myanmar and Bangladesh. It struck in mid-May 2023 with winds between 150–160 miles per hour.

One hundred people were missing after the storm.

Ross 128

Ross 128 is a red dwarf star that is 16.8% the mass of the Sun. This star is also 185% the size of Jupiter. It is 10.92 light years away from the Sun. Its planet is Ross 128 b which orbits 0.043 AU from Ross 128. This planet has an orbital period of 16.9 days. Ross 128 b has a rotation period of 2.06 hours and it’s average temperature is 24.6 °C. It is 40% more massive than Earth. The size of the radius of this planet is 11% bigger than Earth. This planet is made up of 23.6% Iron and 76.4% Silicate. The density of Ross 128 b is 5.66 g/cm³.

Tazi Habiba

Tazi Habiba (born 1979) is a Moroccan animal rights activist and the president of the Moroccan Association for the Defense and Protection of Domestic and Wild Animals.

Habiba was born in Rabat, where she spent her childhood. She studied at lycée Descartes High School, which was first represented on her stage and then to Rabat. By age 16 she was caring for cats both in her home and on the street.

In 2004 Habiba founded the animal defense association "Assoadan" with her brother Ahmed. Together they cared for hundreds of dogs in the shelter in downtown Rabat. Habiba also turned her house into a refuge for dozens of cats, which she describes as her children.

In 2014, she became president of the Moroccan Association for the Defense and Protection of Domestic and Wild Animals.

In 2017 Assoadan signed an agreement with Rabat authorities to create programs to vaccinate street dogs and cats.

Its videos are in Moroccan dialect, and "assoadan" maintains good relations with other Moroccan foundations, thus avoiding entering into conflicts or rivalry with them, which reinforces its notoriety in the Arab world.


Taku Forts

The Dagukou Fort was the first built in the Jiajing period of the Ming Dynasty, under the supervision of Qi Jiguang, who was stationed in Tianjin Wei in his early years. In the 21st year of Daoguang in the Qing Dynasty (1841), the Qing government built and maintained the Dagukou Fort. In the eighth year of Xianfeng in the Qing Dynasty (1858), it continued to be repaired and expanded. Three forts were added on the south bank, and two forts were added on the north bank. for the title. They were named 'wei', 'zhen', 'hai', 'men', 'gao'. So far, the Dagukou Fort has six large forts, twenty-five small forts, and sixty-four large and small cannons.

In 1988, the State Council of the People's Republic of China announced the Dagukou Fort Site as a national key cultural relic protection unit. In 2005, the Propaganda Department of the CPC Central Committee.

Charge CCCV

Charge CCCV LLC, also known as C4V, is an American lithium-ion battery technology company headquartered in New York with expertise in battery performance and in gigafactory design.

C4V was founded in 2012 by Shailesh Upreti and Robert Dobbs. In 2017, the company won a clean energy business competition, , earning a $500,000 cash prize.

In 2017, C4V along with Magnis Energy Technologies, Primet, BEI and C&D Assembly started the United States' largest home-grown gigafactory. In one the battery safety testing program company outperform the safety of its BMLMP Technology.

In 2018, C4V got its first strategic investment from Magnis Energy Technologies, an -listed company with assets in mining; Magnis took a 10% holding in C4V.

In January 2022, C4V introduced LiSER (Lithium Slim Energy Reserve), a patented in-house cell technology platform with fast charge and discharge capabilities.

C4V's American gigafactory, the first home-grown factory in north America, started commercial production in August 2022.

In February 2023, C4V and its gigafactory partner Recharge Industries bought the UK-based out of administration, planned to resume gigafactory construction in late 2023 and initially focus on batteries for energy storage before manufacturing products for sports cars. C4V technology would enter UK and Europe market via this strategic acquisition.

In 2021, C4V partnered with to provide its cobalt- and nickel-free lithium-ion batteries to be integrated in India’s last mile delivery segment.

In 2022, C4V further extended its partnership with Simple Energy in India to support growing demand for the company's electric scooters.

Through a subsidiary (Celgard, itself a subsidiary of Polypore International), Japan's signed a global strategic partnership agreement with C4V to foster high voltage battery separators. Asahi Kasei would also work with C4V to deploy large scale manufacturing gigafactories in different global locations.

In July 2023, Trot Solutions, a UAE-based company specialising in comprehensive infrastructure solutions for ports, shipping, and logistics, has signed a memorandum of understanding with C4V to collaborate on developing green, self-sustainable ports in India.

What About Now (album)

What About Now is the twelfth studio album by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and was released on March 8, 2013 through Island Records. It topped the album charts in Australia, Austria, Canada, Spain, Sweden and the United States. It went to number 2 in Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal and the United Kingdom and number 3 in Finland, Ireland and Switzerland.


Ikutsuhikone

Susanoo created five children from Amaterasu's jewels. He was the fourth child.

In some stories the jewels belonged to Susanoo so he is a son of Susanoo.

Theloderma phrynoderma

The Burmese bug-eyed frog, Burmese warted tree frog, or Tenasserim warty tree frog ("Theloderma phrynoderma") is a frog. It lives in Myanmar and Thailand.

Altai Krai

Altai Krai () is a federal subject of Russia (a krai). It borders clockwise from the west, Kazakhstan (East Kazakhstan Region and Pavlodar Region), Novosibirsk and Kemerovo Oblasts, and the Altai Republic. The administrative center is the city of Barnaul. As of the 2010 Census, 2,163,693 people lived in krai.

Postchristianity

Postchristianity describes a society that has been largely Christian in the past but is now far more secular. In Europe, the Czech Republic and Great Britain can be described as post Christian.

Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing

"Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing" is a 1968 song by Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell. It was taken from their studio album "You're All I Need". It went to number 8 in the United States, number 9 in Canada and number 34 in the United Kingdom.

In 1976, Donny Osmond and Marie Osmond released a cover version of "Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing" for their 1976 album "New Season". It went to number 21 in the United States and number 26 in Canada. Aretha Franklin released a version of the song in 1974 and won a Grammy Award. Elton John covered it for his album "Duets".

Wrap Her Up

"Wrap Her Up" is a 1985 song by Elton John and was taken from his 19th studio album "Ice on Fire". It features the backing vocals of George Michael and had limited success worldwide. It will to number 12 in the United Kingdom, number 20 in the United States, number 22 in Australia and number 26 in Canada.

Reaction wheel

A reaction wheel is something used to help control spacecraft and satellites in place of thrusters. Reaction wheels have a rotor and sometimes gimbals.

Domino (2019 movie)

Domino is a 2019 Belgian Danish Italian French Luxembourgian British American Spanish Dutch crime thriller movie directed by Brian De Palma and starring Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Carice van Houten, Guy Pearce, Eriq Ebouaney, Paprika Steen, Thomas W. Gabrielsson, Mohammed Azaay.


Reelin' In the Years

"Reelin' In the Years" is a 1973 song by Steely Dan. It was taken from their debut studio album "Can't Buy a Thrill". It went to number 11 in the United States, number 15 in Canada and number 62 in Australia. It did not chart in the United Kingdom and New Zealand.

Escape to Burma

Escape to Burma is a 1955 American adventure drama movie directed by Allan Dwan was based on the short story "Bow Tamely to Me" by Kenneth Perkins. It stars Barbara Stanwyck, Robert Ryan, David Farrar, Robert Warwick, Murvyn Vye and Robert Cabal. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.

Pukekohe

Pukekohe is a city in the Auckland region. It is sandwiched in between the Manukau Harbour and the Waikato River. It was the home of Franklin District Council until 2010 when it joined up with the supercity of Auckland and prior to that it was Pukekohe Borough Council. It has 9 primary schools and one high school located in the town. It is situated on the edge of State Highway 22. It has two towns located nearby Waiuku and Tuakau.

Malibu (Miley Cyrus song)

"Malibu" is a 2017 song by Miley Cyrus and is the leading single from her sixth studio album "Younger Now". It went to the top ten in Australia, Austria, Canada, the Czech Republic, Greece, Ireland, New Zealand, Norway, Scotland and the United States and missed the top 10 in the United Kingdom. It charted poorly in France where it made #85.

Digital download
Digital download – The Him Remix
Digital download – Tiësto Remix
Digital download – Lost Frequencies Remix

Digital download – Gigamesh Remix
Digital download – Dillon Francis Remix
Digital download – Alan Walker Remix

List of Estonia Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Estonia Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International.

Better Man (Robbie Williams song)

"Better Man" is a 2000 song by Robbie Williams. It was taken from his third studio album "Sing When You're Winning" and was only released in Australia, New Zealand and Mexico. It went to number 4 in New Zealand and number 6 in Australia.

Australian CD single

Rock DJ

"Rock DJ" is a 2000 song by Robbie Williams and is the leading single from his third studio album "Sing When You're Winning". It topped the single charts in Costa Rica, Iceland, Ireland, New Zealand, Scotland and the United Kingdom and made the top 20 in Australia, Austria, the Czech Republic, Denmark, El Salvador, Finland, Germany, Guatemala, Hungary, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and Uruguay. The music video was infamously banned in New Zealand.

UK CD and cassette single, Australian CD single

UK DVD single

European CD single

European maxi-CD single

Peaches (The Stranglers song)

"Peaches" is a 1977 song by English rock band The Stranglers and is the second single from their debut studio album "Rattus Norvegicus". It went to number 8 in the United Kingdom. It was banned by the BBC for using coarse sexual language and innuendo in the lyrics.

Stinna Kaastrup

Stinna Tange Kaastrup (born 13 July 1994) is a Danish female para-equestrian competing at Individual Championship test, Individual Freestyle test and Team test — grade Ib.

At the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Kaastrup and her horse, the 15 year-old Danish Warmblood gelding Horsebo Smarties, won a bronze medal with the score 73.966 percent at the Individual Championship test grade Ib event.

Let's Go Brandon

"Let's Go Brandon" is a political slogan and Internet meme used as a substitute for "Fuck Joe Biden". The phrase is used by critics and to make fun of Joe Biden, the 46th and current president of the United States.

The phrase began when people chanting "Fuck Joe Biden" began during sporting events in early September 2021. On October 2, 2021, during a televised interview with the Sparks 300 race winner Brandon Brown and NBC Sports reporter Kelli Stavast incorrectly described the chant in the background as "Let's Go Brandon".

The slogan has become well known through use by Republican politicians and critics of Biden.

While President Biden and First Lady Jill Biden were taking phone calls for NORAD's Santa tracker hotline on December 24, 2021, a caller ended his chat by saying, "Merry Christmas and let's go Brandon," to which President Biden smiled and responded, "Let's go Brandon, I agree."

In mid-2022, a another meaning of the phrase, "Dark Brandon", became a meme by supporters of Biden. "Dark Brandon" initially was a meme created by online progressives to mock supporters of "Dark MAGA". 

Biden's 2024 re-election campaign has also used the meme, using a picture of "Dark Brandon" on their website's error message page. President Biden even mentioned "Dark Brandon" during the 2023 White House Correspondents Dinner.

Angela Alsobrooks

Angela Deneece Alsobrooks (born February 23, 1971) is an American lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. She was elected county executive of Prince George's County, Maryland, in 2018.

In May 2023, Alsobrooks announced her candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2024 election to replace Ben Cardin.

Classification Office (New Zealand)

The Office of Film and Literature Classification (Māori: Te Mana Whakaatu), branded as the Classification Office, is an independent Crown entity responsible for censorship and classification of publications in New Zealand. This includes films, video games, books, magazines, CDs, T-shirts, street signs, jigsaw puzzles, drink cans, and slogans on campervans.

Vagindra script

Vagindra is a script used for the Mongolian and Buryat languages. It was developed in 1905. It was in use until about 1910. It is an alphabetic script.

Faculty of Human Geography and Planning, Adam Mickiewicz University, Poznań

Faculty of Human Geography and Planning is one of the faculties of the Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań. It was established in 2019, during the reform of the university. Previously, it was part of the Faculty of Geographic and Geological Sciences, and functioned under the name of the Institute of Socio-Economic Geography and Spatial Management. It is located in the building of the Collegium Geographicum in Poznań. 

Phytoncide

Phytoncides are organic compounds produced by plants to protect themselves from harmful bacteria, insects, and other threats.

Ingushetia

Ingushetia (; ; ), also spelled Ingushetiya, officially the Republic of Ingushetia, is a republic of Russia. It is in the North Caucasus region of Eurasia. The republic is in the North Caucasian Federal District. It borders the country of Georgia to the south, and the Russian federal subjects of North Ossetia–Alania to the west, Chechnya to the east, and Stavropol Krai to the north.

Its capital is the town of Magas. Its largest city is Nazran. At 3,600 square km, the republic has the smallest area of Russia's non-city federal subjects. It was made on June 4, 1992. This was after the Checheno-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was split in two. The republic is home to the indigenous Ingush people. The 2021 Census said its population was estimated to be 509,541.

Ingushetia is one of the poorest and most unstable regions of Russia. This is mostly because of the insurgency in the North Caucasus. The violence has slowed down in recent years. However, the insurgency in Chechnya has sometimes came over the border into Ingushetia. According to Human Rights Watch in 2008, the republic has lots of corruption, crime, anti-government protests, attacks on soldiers and officers, and low human rights.

The name "Ingushetia" comes from the Russian name of the region's people (Ingush) and the Georgian suffix -éti. "Ingushetia" literally means "the place where the Ingush live". Other names like "Dzurdzuketi", "Kistetia", "Gligveti", "Gelia", "Galga", and "Ingushiya" have also been used for the region.



Wireless clicker

A wireless clicker or wireless presenter is a remote control used to control a computer during a presentation, instead of a "mouse or the keyboard". Usually it has a laser pointer inside to pintpoint parts of the screen. It is mainly used to show a computer presentation created with PowerPoint using a video projector and allows the presenter to move freely in front of the audience. 

An RF pointer-mouse consists of a transmitter similar to a remote control ­used in a Television set and a small receiver, usually connected to a USB port on the computer.. 

Among other additional elements there can be a built-in flash memory in the USB receiver, so that there is no need to plug in an additional flash drive to carry the presentation file. Some models include a vibration alarm, to notify the speaker when time is up

Apart from the elements to control the presentation, the clicker transmitter often contains a laser pointer. A distinguishing feature among the models offered is the color of the laser. For presentations green laser is more visible than red laser.

Heat pump and refrigeration cycle

Heat pump cycles, refrigeration cycles or thermodynamic cycles are the fundamentals for heat pump, air conditioning and refrigeration systems and how they work. A heat pump is a mechanical system that allows for the transfer of heat from one location to another. They work under thermodynamic laws. 

According to the second law of thermodynamics, heat cannot move from a colder location to a hotter area by itself. Work is required to achieve this. An air conditioner requires action to cool a living space by moving heat from the interior being cooled to the outdoors. A refrigerator moves heat from inside the cold interior area to the warm room temperature air of the kitchen. This idea of an ideal heat engine was explained using the Carnot cycle by Sadi Carnot in 1824. A refrigerator or heat pump is an example of a heat engine that is running in a reverse Carnot cycle.

Heat pump cycles and refrigeration cycles can be "vapor compression", "vapor absorption", "gas cycle", or "Stirling cycle" types.

The vapor compression cycle is used by many refrigeration, air conditioning, and other cooling applications. It is also used within heat pumps for heating applications. The vapor compression cycle has two heat exchangers. One of them is the condenser, which is hot and releases heat. The other is the evaporator, which is cold and takes heat. For applications that need to operate in both heating and cooling modes, such as heat pumps, a reversing valve is used to switch the roles of the heat exchangers.

At the start of the cycle, the refrigerant enters the compressor as a low pressure and low temperature vapor. The pressure is then increased and the refrigerant leaves as a higher temperature and higher pressure gas. This hot pressurized gas then moves through the condenser coil, where it releases heat to the area as it cools and condenses completely. The cooler high-pressure liquid next passes through the expansion valve which lowers the pressure suddenly and causes the temperature to drop a lot. The cold low pressure mixture of liquid and vapor next travels through the evaporator coil where it vaporizes completely when accepts heat from the area around it before returning back to the compressor as a low pressure low-temperature gas to start the cycle again.

Simple systems with a normal temperature range, such as a refrigerator, may use a fixed speed compressor and fixed orifice expansion valve. Systems that need to operate in different conditions, such as air conditioning, where outside temperatures and heat demand change a lot through the seasons, will sometimes use a variable speed inverter compressor which can run slow or fast and an adjustable expansion valve to control the speed of the cycle better.

During the 20th century, the vapor absorption cycle using water and ammonia systems was popular and widely used but after work on the vapor compression cycle, it lost much of its use because of its low efficiency (about one-fifth of the vapor compression cycle). It is now only used where heat is more available than electricity, such as industrial waste heat, solar thermal energy by solar collectors, or propane refrigerators in motorhomes.

The absorption cycle is similar to the compression cycle, but depends on the partial pressure of the refrigerant vapor. In the absorption system, the compressor is replaced by an absorber and a generator. The absorber dissolves the refrigerant in a suitable liquid and a dilute solution becomes a strong solution. In the generator, the temperature increases, which also increases the partial pressure of the refrigerant vapor released from the strong solution. The generator needs a heat source. This consumes a lot of energy unless waste heat is used.

Absorption refrigeration systems can be powered by combustion of fossil fuels (e.g., coal, oil, natural gas, etc.) or renewable energy (such as waste heat recovery, biomass combustion, or solar energy).


Theloderma truongsonense

The Truong Son bug-eyed frog ("Theloderma truongsonense") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam and Laos. People have seen it between 300 and 1300 meters above sea level.

State of Hanover

The State of Hanover () was a state in the British Zone of Allied-occupied Germany. It was a state for 92 days as the Free State of Prussia was dissolved after World War II. The state came after the former Kingdom of Hanover. Its capital was Hanover. In 1946, Lower Saxony was made by merging Hanover with Brunswick, Oldenburg and Schaumburg-Lippe.

The State of Hanover made up the territory of the old Prussian Province of Hanover without a few eastern parts that had become part of the Soviet occupation zone after World War II (Amt Neuhaus and the eastern part of Bleckede, Elbingerode and Ilfeld). It included 85% of today's Lower Saxony. Its capital and largest city was Hanover.

After the Second World War, the State of Hanover was made under Ordinance No. 46 of the British military government. Its first minister-president was the Social Democratic politician Hinrich Wilhelm Kopf.

On 23 November 1946 the British Military Government made the new state of Lower Saxony. It was made from the unification of the German states of Brunswick, Oldenburg and Schaumburg-Lippe with Hanover.

The eastern areas of Brunswick which had fallen to the Soviet zone, including the old County of Blankenburg and the exclave of Calvörde (part of the Helmstedt district) were not part of Lower Saxony and later made part of the East German state of Saxony-Anhalt. The former Hanoverian Soviet-occupied lands of Amt Neuhaus and the eastern parts of Bleckede were again made part of Lower Saxony after German reunification in 1990.



Unification

Unification or unification theory may refer to:







Peace of Prague (1866)

The Peace of Prague () was a peace treaty signed by the Kingdom of Prussia and the Austrian Empire at Prague on 23 August 1866. It ended the Austro-Prussian War along with a few related treaties between Prussia and the Austrian allies in central and southern Germany.

The treaty was lenient towards the Austrian Empire. This was because Otto von Bismarck had persuaded Wilhelm I that keeping Austria as powerful would be better in the future for Prussia than harsh terms. Bismarck realized that without Austria, Prussia would be weakened against the rest of Europe. At first, Wilhelm I had wanted to go on to Vienna and annex Austria but Bismarck stopped him and even said he would resign or even throw himself out of the fourth-story window of Nikolsburg Castle. In the treaty, Austria lost Veneto to Italy. The Habsburgs were removed from German affairs ("Kleindeutschland"). The German Confederation was abolished.

Heroes' Day (Namibia)

Heroes' Day is a national public holiday in Namibia. The United Nations names it Namibia Day. It is celebrated every year on 26 August. The day is about the Namibian War of Independence which began on 26 August 1966 at Omugulugwombashe.

John Galsworthy

John Galsworthy (; 14 August 1867 – 31 January 1933) was an English novelist and playwright. He is best known for his trilogy of novels named "The Forsyte Saga", and two later trilogies, "A Modern Comedy" and "End of the Chapter". He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1932.

Sōja shrine

A is a kind of Shinto shrine where the "kami" of an area are all worshipped. The area can be as small as a manor or as large as a province. Some soja shrines are also ichinomiya.`

When a new provincial governor was appointed he needed to visit all the kami of the province. Having all the kami at one soja shrine helped make this easier.

These are notable smaller Soja shrines for regions smaller than provinces


Mister Johnson (movie)

Mister Johnson is a 1990 American drama movie directed by Bruce Beresford and was based on the 1939 novel of the same name by Joyce Cary. It stars Pierce Brosnan, Edward Woodward, Nick Reding, Andrew Lancel, Maynard Eziashi, Beatie Edney, Denis Quilley and Hubert Ogunde. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Grace (Jeff Buckley song)

"Grace" is a 1994 debut single by Jeff Buckley and is the title track from his debut studio album "Grace". It went to number 91 in Australia.



Take the Money and Run (Steve Miller Band song)

"Take the Money and Run" is a 1976 song by Steve Miller Band. It was taken from their ninth studio album "Fly Like an Eagle". It went to number 8 in Canada, number 11 in the United States, number 48 in Australia and number 57 in the United Kingdom. It was been covered by country singer Julian Austin in 2000.

Xbox Game Pass

Xbox Game Pass and PC Game Pass are video game subscription services provided by Microsoft. It originally launched on June 1 2017 but people subscribed to Xbox Live Gold received priority and gained access to the service on May 24. Xbox Game Pass provides the subscription service for the Xbox One, Xbox Series S/X as well as iOS, iPadOS and Android using Xbox Cloud Gaming while PC Game Pass is available on PCs using Windows 10, Windows 11 or MacOS with support for Xbox Cloud Gaming.

The idea of what became Game Pass came from two areas. First was with Phil Spencer becoming the head of the xbox brand, replacing Don Mattrick following the troubled launch of the Xbox One. Mattrick positioned the Xbox One as an entertainment hub rather than a games console and certain design choices had to be changed following negative criticism of the positioning by consumers and the media. After Spencer took over the Xbox brand, he recognized the Xbox needed a better position as they planned for the next generation of the console, while giving the team more encourage with his new ideas, even if they were risky.

Jonathan Davis

Jonathan Howsmon Davis (born January 18, 1971) is an American singer, songwriter, and music maker. He is also known as JD or JDevil. He is the singer for Korn. Korn is an American nu metal band. It is one of the first nu metal bands. Davis helped make Korn in 1993.

Davis has worked with many other music makers, such as Sepultura, Limp Bizkit, and Q-Tip. He has made many different types of music. Davis can play the guitar, drums, bagpipes, piano, clarinet, violin, and upright bass. He makes electronic music as JDevil.

Clifford Olson

Clifford Olson (January 1, 1940 – September 30, 2011) was a Canadian serial killer. He killed at least 11 kids and teenagers in British Columbia, in the late 1970s. He was convicted of the crime, and from to he 1980s, he spent his life in prison. In the 1990s and 2000s, requests for parole were denied. Olson died of cancer in 2011.

Confederation of the Equator

The Confederation of the Equator () was a short-lived state established in the northeastern region of Brazil during that nation's struggle for independence from Portugal. The secessionist movement was led by wealthy landowners who opposed early reforms by the nation's first leader, Emperor Pedro I. Pernambuco and Ceará were the first of five Northeastern provinces to secede. 

The Confederation ceased to exist after being crushed by Brazilian forces under Thomas Cochrane. 
The rebellion in the Northeast followed a similar uprising in Pernambuco only five years earlier. 
Before independence, North Brazil had been one of the two separate viceroyalties, Grão-Pará, besides the Viceroyalty of Brazil in the South. Pedro I combined the two into one Imperial State. However, the North was historically more averse to secession from Portugal and had fought to remain part of the Portuguese empire, before being defeated by Pedro I and being annexed. The Confederation was a second popular attempt. 
Both the secession of Brazil from Portugal and the suppression of the Loyalist Viceroyalty of the North were aided by Britain, militarily and with personnel, such as Thomas Cochrane, on loan to Pedro I, a Freemason and Anglophile.

Pedro I sent troops to the Northeast to quell the rebellion, with all three provinces falling by September of that year. The state of Ceará managed to survive until November, and the last stronghold of the Confederation in the Sertão was the site of the final resisting leaders of the fallen nation.
Several rebels were condemned by a military tribunal to death. One notable execution was that of Frei Caneca an intellectual and religious mentor supporting the cause of the Confederation, in which some soldiers refused to fire. After briefly escaping, he was eventually executed in 1825.

Chevrolet Monza

The Chevrolet Monza is a small car sold by Chevrolet. It shared many parts with the Vega and replaced that car starting in 1978. It was discontinued in 1980.

There would be rebranded versions of the same car, such as the Pontiac Sunbird, the Oldsmobile, and the Buick Skyhawk.

Judeo-Tripolitanian Arabic

Judeo-Tripolitanian Arabic is a variety of Arabic spoken by Jews formerly living in Libya.

David McCormack

David Liam McCormack (born October 25, 1968, in South Brisbane, Queensland, Australia) is an Australian musician and actor best known for being the frontman of the band Custard and for voicing Bandit Heeler in the Australian animated children’s series Bluey.

The Cantos

The Cantos are a major work of modernist poetry by American poet Ezra Pound. They were written over many years, 1917-1970. They are controversial because of Pound's support for Mussolini while he lived in Italy.

Theloderma gordoni

The large warted tree frog, Gordon's bug-eyed frog, or Gordon's warty frog ("Theloderma gordoni") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam, Cambodia, and Myanmar. People have seen it between 300 and 1300 meters above sea level.

Punch line

A punch line ends a joke. It is used to make people laugh. A punch line can also be the funny ending of any other type of story. The term "punch line" was first used in the 1920s.

Leonard B. Stern

Leonard B Stern was an author who died in 2011. He is the co-creator of the word game Mad Libs.

Australian Federation Party

The Australian Federation Party is a small right-wing political party in Australia.

The Australian Country Alliance (or ACA) was a small political party in Victoria, Australia. It was started in 2004 as an alternative to the National Party in Victoria. In 2014, the Victoria branch of the Katter's Australian Party merged with the Country Alliance.

Jacqui Lambie Network

The Jacqui Lambie Network (JLN) is a small political party in Tasmania, Australia. It was founded in 2015 by Tasmanian Senator Jacqui Lambie. It is a big tent party.

It currently has two seats in the Australian Senate, both being Senators for Tasmania.

Teal independents

In Australian politics, a teal independent (or teal for short) is an environmentalist but economically liberal independent politician. They are funded by the climate change advocacy group Climate 200, which was founded by Simon Holmes à Court. They are called "teals" because teal is a mix between blue (the colour of the conservative Liberal Party) and green (the colour of the environmental movement and the Greens).

While they existed throughout the 2010s in many parts of the country, they gained prominence in the 2020s. Before the 2022 federal election, only three teal independents held seats in Parliament, but after the election there were seven. The teal independents that were elected to the House of Representatives represent electorates in Sydney, Melbourne, Perth, Hobart and regional Victoria. Furthermore, one teal independent (former rugby league player David Pocock) was elected to the Senate for the Australian Capital Territory (ACT). Teal independents have also contested state elections in New South Wales and Victoria, but are less successful.

Electoral districts of New South Wales

There are currently 93 electoral districts in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. The most recent state election in New South Wales was held in 2023.

Electoral districts of Victoria

There are currently 88 electoral districts in the Victorian Legislative Assembly.

Due to the redistricting process that takes place every eight years, there were nine seats that were abolished and nine new seats.

Electoral districts of Queensland

There are currently 93 electoral districts in the Queensland Legislative Assembly.



Electoral districts of Western Australia

There are currently 59 electoral districts in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly.


Electoral districts of South Australia

There are currently 47 electoral districts in the South Australian House of Assembly.

Electoral divisions of the Northern Territory

There are currently 25 electoral divisions of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly.

The Ignorance of Blood (movie)

The Ignorance of Blood () is a 2014 Spanish thriller movie directed by Manuel Gómez Pereira and was based on the novel of the same name by Robert Wilson. It stars Juan Diego Botto, Paz Vega, Vladimir Cruz, Rocío Borrallo, Francesc Garrido and Alberto San Juan.


1977–78 Austrian Cup

The 1977-78 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. Austria/WAC were the defending champions.
First round with teams from the Second League.

First round with teams from the first league.

VOEST Linz:
Kurt Kaiserseder – Hans-Dieter Mirnegg, Alfred Gert, Gerhard Breitenberger, Reinhold Hintermaier, Norbert Ebster, Helmut Wartinger (50. Herwig Kircher), Walter Schoppitsch (30. Wilfried Ortner), Michael Lorenz, Maximilian Hagmayr, Wilhelm Pöll<br>coach:Felix Latzke

SSW Innsbruck:
Friedl Koncilia – Bruno Pezzey, Werner Kriess, Gerhard Forstinger, Robert Auer, Peter Koncilia, Peter Schwarz, Franz Oberacher, Werner Zanon (60. Manfred Braschler), Kurt Welzl, Josef Stering (46. Robert Hanschitz)<br>
coach: Georg Keßler

SSW Innsbruck:
Friedl Koncilia – Bruno Pezzey, Werner Kriess, Gerhard Forstinger, Robert Auer, Peter Schwarz, Johann Scharmann, Peter Koncilia, Kurt Welzl, Franz Oberacher, Manfred Braschler (84. Robert Hanschitz)<br>
coach: Georg Keßler
VOEST Linz:
Erwin Fuchsbichler – Hans-Dieter Mirnegg, Herwig Kircher, Alfred Gert, Gerhard Breitenberger, Walter Schoppitsch, Wilfried Ortner, Norbert Ebster, Rudolf Seitz (55. Gerhard Ulmer), Michael Lorenz, Maximilian Hagmayr<br>coach:Felix Latzke

List of Belize Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Belize Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International after debuting in April 2019.

Barry's Amusements

Barry's Amusements was an amusement park in Portrush in Northern Ireland. Located in the center of Portrush, County Antrim, on the north coast, it was founded in 1925. The owners offered it for sale in 2019 and it was reported sold for redevelopment in 2021. In April 2022, it reopened under lease as Curry's Fun Park.

Smoothie King

The Smoothie King Franchises Inc (better known as just the Smoothie King) is an American smoothie company. It was founded in Kenner, Louisiana in 1973.

The Smoothie King is privately owned by a South Korean franchisee from 2012 and after.

Teréz Zsolnay

Teréz Zsolnay, married Mattyasovzky (21 March 1854 – 16 May 1944) was a Hungarian applied artist in the medium of ceramics who worked for the Zsolnay Ceramic Factory, founded by her father Vilmos Zsolnay in Pécs, in 1868.

Along with her younger sister Julia and Ármin Klein, she was the most important artist of that factory during its rapid growth and worldwide success in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

Teréz based her artistic expression on Hungarian folk motifs, and for this purpose she collected more than 10,000 folk art objects. In her memoirs, she also mentions that in addition to collecting folk treasures from around Pécs, she also had the opportunity to study the most typical motifs of other parts of Hungary, thanks to the friendliness of the then director of the Hungarian National Museum, who made many objects available to her.

In addition, she closely followed trends in contemporary applied art, and in her memoirs she mentions the writings of Jacob von Falke, the director of the Museum of Applied Art in Vienna, who relied on the ideas of Gottfried Semper.

Moreover, together with her sister Julija, she visited the then-famous painter and applied artist Hans Makart in his Viennese studio.

Among the sources she used was Jost Amman's book with 122 woodcuts of women's clothing, published in 1586.

Her husband, Jakab Mattyasovzky, was a geologist who traveled across Hungary, and was of great help to his wife`s father Vilmos in finding the best clay deposits needed to make fine ceramics.

She largely devoted her life to her family, and at the age of 70, she began writing the "History of the Zsolnay Factory", which she wrote in the form of memoires for over 20 years, on almost 2,500 pages of text.

She was already over 70 years old when she got involved in the work of the factory again, painting Egyptian, figural and geometric motifs on vases (the so-called Tutankhamun series).

She was buried, together with other family members, in the family mausoleum in Pécs.

Romváry 1989 - Ferenc Romváry: Keramika Zsolnay, in: Keramika Zsolnay, exhibition catalogue, Zagreb, 1989., p. 16-22

Kovács 1989 - Orsolya Kovács: Ármin Klein, umjetnik - projektant tvornice Zsolnay (1855 - 1883), in: Keramika Zsolnay, exhibition catalogue, Zagreb, 1989., p. 33-37

Silent Night (Bon Jovi song)

"Silent Night" is a 1985 song by American hard rock band Bon Jovi. It is the last single from their second studio album "7800° Fahrenheit". It went to number 24 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and did not chart on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.

Lay Your Hands on Me

"Lay Your Hands on Me" is a 1989 song by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and is the fourth single from their fourth studio album "New Jersey" (1988). It went to number 7 in the United States, number 8 in New Zealand, number 16 in Switzerland, number 18 in the United Kingdom, number 23 in Australia and number 47 in the Netherlands.

Living in Sin (song)

"Living in Sin" is a 1989 song by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and is the fifth single from their fourth studio album "New Jersey" (1988). It went to number 9 in the United States, number 20 in Switzerland, number 35 in the United Kingdom and number 64 in Australia.

Theloderma ryabovi

Ryabov's bug-eyed frog ("Theloderma ryabovi") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam. Scientists have seen it in one place.

Taman Peninsula

The Taman Peninsula () is a peninsula in Krasnodar Krai, Russia. It borders the Sea of Azov to the north, the Kerch Strait to the west and the Black Sea to the south. It was only recently created, as it was still just a few islands in ancient times. It has a mostly steep coastline.

Economic patriotism

Economic patriotism is the idea that the government should make choices about the economy that give more help to certain groups, businesses, or industries depending on what they do and where they are. 

Economic patriotism means wanting to help your own area more than yourself. It is also when you feel that you need to help the people who live in your area. Economic patriotism can apply to different areas. It can also involve different types of economic . This includes transfers in a country or between countries. Economic patriotism means using different ways to help our own industries and trade with other countries. It is different from economic nationalism because it helps the local economy without stopping trade or immigration. It is important for leaders to growth and make sure competition is fair. Economic patriotism also talks about watching over big companies to protect a country's economy. However, it can be hard to do that when companies work in many countries. The energy sector shows the need for people to work together across a region to keep their money and jobs.

Many American politicians, like Ro Khanna, Elizabeth Warren, and Barack Obama have suggested plans that use economic patriotism to help American industries and keep jobs safe. Economic patriotism is also being used around the world. Ukraine's president Volodymyr Zelenskyy has supported economic patriotism by giving rewards to businesses that stay in Ukraine and help it get stronger, especially after Russia's invasion in 2022. Another example is the Polish company Drutex which sells its products to different countries and also spends money in their own country on research and to hire people to help their economy grow.

Southern Russia

Southern Russia (, "Yug Rossii") is a region of European Russia. It is usually said to be made up of the Southern Federal District and the North Caucasian Federal District. Major regions in Southern Russia are the North Caucasus, Kuban, the Don, and Kalmykia.

The area of Southern Russia is made up of two of the nine federal districts of Russia which have 19 federal subjects in them, six of which are disputed with Ukraine since 2022:



Elisabetta Gnone

Elisabetta Gnone (born 13 April 1965) is an Italian author. She wrote "W.I.T.C.H". It is a fantasy series about girls with magical powers. She has also written "Fairy Oak".

Nutbush City Limits

"Nutbush City Limits" is a 1973 song by Ike & Tina Turner and is the title track from their studio album of the same name. It went to number 1 in Austria, number 2 in Germany and Switzerland, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in South Africa and Spain, number 12 in the Netherlands, number 14 in Australia, number 18 in Ireland, number 19 in New Zealand and number 22 in the United States. It went to be covered by Bob Seger and Tina Turner herself in 1991.

Valleywag

Valleywag was a Gawker Media blog about Silicon Valley people. It was started with Nick Douglas as editor in February 2006. The blog was ended in February 2011.

McKinney Boyd High School

McKinney Boyd High School is a public High School. It is in McKinney, Texas. It is sometimes called "Boyd," or "McKinney Boyd." It teaches people in the ninth, tenth, eleventh, and twelfth grade. It is part of the McKinney Independent School District.

Gac

Gấc [IPA ɣək̚˧˦] ("Momordica cochinchinensis") is a type of perennial melon that grows in Southeast Asia and Australia. It has a bright orange or red color.
when ripe, this melon has spiny red skin, yellow flesh, and slimy red edible seeds. this sentence is from a book called trees leaves flowers and seeds smithsonian.
Ode to My Family

"Ode to My Family" is a 1994 song by Irish band The Cranberries and is the second single from their second studio album "No Need to Argue". It went to number 1 in Iceland, number 4 in France, number 5 in Australia, number 8 in New Zealand, number 16 in Ireland, number 18 in Scotland and number 26 in the United Kingdom.




Promises (The Cranberries song)

"Promises" is a 1999 song by Irish band The Cranberries and is the lead single from their fourth studio album "Bury the Hatchet". It topped the single charts in Spain and went to the top 20 in Canada, Ireland, Greece, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Scotland, Switzerland, Norway and Iceland. It was the only single to chart in the United States.

UK CD1

UK CD2

Canadian maxi-CD single

Pony (Ginuwine song)

"Pony" is a 1996 debut single by Ginuwine. It was taken from his debut studio album "Ginuwine... the Bachelor". It went to number 3 in Australia, number 5 in New Zealand, number 6 in the United States, number 8 in the Netherlands, number 10 in Poland and number 16 in Sweden and the United Kingdom.





Vitaminfood

Vitaminfood is a Dutch complete nutrition company encompassing a variety of meal replacement solutions and sports supplements, produced by Vitaminfood Company Limited.
Vitaminfood is a Dutch complete nutrition company encompassing a variety of meal replacement solutions and sports supplements, produced by Vitaminfood Company Limited. Founded in November 2016 by Bakir and Funda Ikanovic, this nutritional company set out to provide nutritionally complete diets.
Funda Ikanovic (33) previously worked in the financial world as an insurance agent after her [degree] in marketing. Bakir Ikanovic (40) completed a bachelor's degree in real estate and has a company for cleaning of large ships. Together they founded the meal replacement company, Vitaminfood in November 2016.

Meal replacements are liquid diets in form of dissolved nutrient solutions taken as an alternative to solid meals.
"If war was to break out, they'd be fine," said Bakir in a media interview because of how much powder nutrition they have at their place. The meal replacements have been certified as safe for human consumption and meet the required nutritional standards.

Vitaminfood experience cafe is a vegan food restaurant located in Meent 42A, 3011 JK, Rotterdam. The Vitaminfood Cafe provides an extensive menu of vegan diets with great ambiance. It is meant to give an in-person experience of the Vitaminfood company and its powder nutrition products and packaged meal replacements.

The manufacturing plant is in Veenendaal, one of the oldest cities in the Netherlands. The Vitaminfood meal replacement bags once produced are stored in Barendrecht, near Rotterdam. In the early days of the company, after conception, Bakir and Funda handled most of the orders. Writing tickets, packaging orders, shipping orders and customer relationship management. They operated majorly from their home working the afternoons and in shifts. The powder production was outsourced but closely monitored.

Initially, the company sold 100 bags a day on average which equals 300 meals. The number has definitely grown over time factoring in their expansion and international market. 
Vitaminfood is a sustainable food production organization trying to make a meaningful contribution toward ending world hunger.
Through the Vitaminfood for life initiative which is in partnership with World Food Programme and the Share a Meal program, Vitaminfood has donated over 10,000 meals and counting. #Vitaminfoodaid
Vitaminfood promotes plant-based diets for their sustainability via reduced carbon footprint, and animal rights. 
Through the Vitaminfood for life initiative which is in partnership with World Food Programme and the Share a Meal program, Vitaminfood has donated over 10,000 meals and counting. Vitaminfoodaid

Based majorly in the Netherlands, Vitaminfood has a community of devoted consumers who swear by Vitaminfood for their gym gains, quick lunch-break fix and nutritionally complete solutions for their camping getaways. The community is moderately active sharing regularly on their socials and flaunting the Vitaminfood merchandise.

Flagstaff, Hamilton

Flagstaff is a suburb of Hamilton. It was originally called Dulverton on the council plans but it was renamed Flagstaff in 1986 as it was made into a suburb. The area was heavily developed in the 1990s. It has two primary schools in the suburb and is east of the Waikato River.

Ōkato

Ōkato is a coastal town in the Taranaki Region of New Zealand's North Island. It is located on State Highway 45 and is 12 kilometers northeast of Ōakura and Warea 9 kilometers to the southwest. The town was established in the 1860s during the New Zealand Wars. It has a primary school in the town.

Karl Wondrak

Karl Wondrak (6 September 1895 – 27 April 1973) was an Austrian football player. He played as a winger for SK Rapid Wien and the Austrian national football team.
He started his career with Rapid's local rivals WAF. At the age of 19 he moved to SK Rapid. He played 221 matches for Rapid and scored 68 goals. With Rapid he was Austrian champion six times, won the first two Austrian cup competitions in 1919 and 1920, and reached the final of the Mitropapokal in 1927 in his last season.
Wondrak was called up 15 times for Austria's national team and scored 3 goals. His first match was on 4 October 1914 in a draw versus Hungary. His last match was on 21 December 1924 in a 1–2 loss versus Spain. 

Breaker Morant (movie)

Breaker Morant is a 1980 Australian war biographical drama movie directed by Bruce Beresford and was based on the 1978 play of the same name by Kenneth G. Ross. It stars Edward Woodward, Jack Thompson, John Waters, Bryan Brown, Charles Tingwell, Terence Donovan, Ray Meagher, Lewis Fitz-Gerald and Russell Kiefel. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1981.


Testify (Rage Against the Machine song)

"Testify" is a 2000 song by American metal band Rage Against the Machine and is the third single from their third studio album "The Battle of Los Angeles". It went to number 186 in Canada and did not chart in other countries including the United States and the United Kingdom.


No Matter What (Badfinger song)

"No Matter What" is a 1970 song by Welsh rock band Badfinger. It was taken from their third studio album "No Dice". It went to number 1 in South Africa, number 5 in New Zealand and the United Kingdom, number 7 in Canada and Ireland, number 8 in Australia and the United States, number 13 in Belgium, number 24 in the Netherlands and number 32 in Germany. It was covered by British heavy metal band Def Leppard in 2005 for their 9th studio album "Yeah!".

Visva-Bharati University

Visva-Bharati University is in Santiniketan, West Bengal, India. Rabindranath Tagore started the university in 1901. Visva-Bharati University combines Indian traditions with Western influences. The university offers undergraduate, postgraduate, and research programs. The curriculum promotes interdisciplinary studies.

According to Best Global Universities 2020 ranking by U.S. News & World Report, Visva- Bharati ranked 27th among Indian universities.

Muhammadxon Yusupov

Muhammadxon Yusupov (10 March 1995; Namangan, Uzbekistan) is a young Uzbek writer, graphic designer, screenwriter, as well as the head of the Council of Young Artists. Currently works as a designer of the project.
Born in 1995 in Namangan. Graduated the College of Economics in 2014. Muhammadkhan Yusupov was a student of UZSWLU in 2021, worked as a graphic designer in the press service of Artel. A story book has been published. The designer prepared a concept for the symbol of the 2022 Uzbek national flag. He also directs music videos of the poetess .

J. Fred Muggs

J. Fred Muggs (born March 14, 1952) is a Chimpanzee born in the African Colony of French Cameroon that forms part of Modern-Day Cameroon.

Chimpanzees have been known to live up to 70 years, though 50 is more commonly the animal's lifespan.

, J. Fred Muggs is reported to be alive.

J. Fred Muggs Currently lives in Tampa, Florida, U.S.

Carmine Felix Mennella (August 21, 1921 - March 10, 2002) was an American Animal Trainer who was The Owner of J. Fred Muggs.
Carmine was born on August 21, 1921 in Brooklyn, Kings County, New York. 
Mennella died on March 10, 2002 in Tampa Florida.

Eusebio Tejera

Eusebio Ramón Tejera Kirkerup ("León del Maracaná") (6 January 1922 – 9 November 2002) was a Uruguayan footballer. From 1945 to 1950 he played for Club Nacional de Football, winning the Uruguayan championship in 1946, 47 and 50. He also earned 31 caps for the Uruguay national football team from 1945 to 1954. He was part of Uruguay's team championship at the 1950 FIFA World Cup, and also participated in the 1954 FIFA World Cup. He was big and tough defender, tireless fighter, physically strong and indomitable perseverance. From the beginning he had a special features: grit, toughness, sharpness and courage, virtues that were quickly brought him to fame. Versatile player of high quality. Popular "El Cato" launched a style of play "fly backs," also emphasized the long and accurate passing. Widely regarded as one of Uruguay's greatest defenders of his era.

The 1.80-metre-tall defender, known as El Cato, who was mainly used as a left-back or centre-back, began his football career at Bella Vista. From 1943 and 1945 he played for River Plate Montevideo. From 1945 to 1950 he found the sporting highlight of his career with the Montevideo club Nacional, with whom he became Uruguayan national champion in 1946, 1947 and 1950. He played 155 games for the Bolsos, in which he also scored one goal. He then played for Cúcuta Deportivo and finished his career with Uruguayan club Defensor.

Tejera debuted for the Uruguayan national team on January 24, 1945, when he faced Ecuador in that year's Copa América at the National Stadium in Santiago. He was still a player for Uruguayan River Plate. The team was only in fourth place. As a Nacional player, he was in two more editions of the Copa América, in 1946 and 1947, with Celeste finishing fourth and third respectively. In 1949 the entire national team was disbanded, being represented by a youth team in the face of the long strike that had broken out the previous year. 

Tejera was a starter at the 1950 FIFA World Cup even eight pounds above ideal, with photographs from the time recording a protruding muscles. The summons did not cease to be widely criticized by the press of his country. Tejera was paired with Matías González from the first match, 8-0 on Bolivia. But the lack of form hampered him in the following matches. Against Spain, Uruguay started out winning, but the score was reversed to 2-1 after Tejera could not keep up with the speed of opposing winger Estanislao Basora. The South Americans got the draw thanks to an individual move by Obdulio Varela. 

Against Sweden, the unfolding was similar: the Uruguayans started winning and suffered a partial upset of 2-1. Tejera was the only lineman to remain on the back foot while the rest of his teammates advanced to avoid defeat, a tactic rewarded with another turnaround, now favorable, with Celeste winning 3-2 thanks to two goals in the final fifteen minutes. On the day of the Maracanaço, Tejera and the other Uruguayans looked relaxed when they were profiled in the pre-match ceremonies against Brazil. When the two teams posed for photographs, the bulk of the reporters positioned themselves to record the Brazilians. Tejera then went on to exclaim: Come here, the champion is here 

In the match, Tejera was in charge of marking Zizinho, being assisted in the task by the right midfielder Juan Alberto Schiaffino, who retreated with the other midfielder, Julio Pérez, to reinforce the marking in order to avoid the exchanges of passes between Zizinho, Ademir and Jair, plays that had made Brazil thrash their previous opponents. Tejera also occasionally assisted Matías González in marking on Ademir. The tactic took effect in the first half, which ended at 0-0 and with the most dangerous shots being created by the visitors. In the second half, he was not to blame for Friaça's Brazilian goal. 

After the World Cup, Tejera went to play in the Colombian team of Cúcuta, which earned him a few years of absence in the national team, which only in the 1970s began to admit the convocation of those who played abroad. He returned to Uruguay to play for Defensor, in time to be called up to the 1954 FIFA World Cup. However, he did not play any matches, with the celestial defense being composed of José Santamaría, William Martínez and Víctor Rodríguez Andrade. Tejera's last match for Uruguay took place on 5 June of that year, the date of the last match before the World Cup, in which the defunct Saarland team was thrashed 7-1 in Saarbrücken.



What Is Love

"What Is Love" is a 1993 debut single by Trinidadian-German singer Haddaway and is taken from his debut album "The Album". It topped the single charts in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain and Switzerland. It went to number 2 in Germany, Sweden and the United Kingdom and number 3 in Iceland. Outside Europe, the song was a hit worldwide, went to number 11 in the United States, number 12 in Australia, number 17 in Canada and number 48 in New Zealand.

One Love (2003 movie)

One Love is a 2003 Jamaican Norwegian British romance movie directed by Rick Elgood and Don Letts and stars Ky-Mani Marley, Cherine Anderson, Vas Blackwood, Idris Elba.

Battle of Beaver Dams

The Battle of Beaver Dams, which occurred on June 24, 1813, was a crucial battle during the War of 1812. Following their defeat at Stoney Creek, the Americans sent a force under Lieutenant-Colonel Charles G. Boerstler from Fort George to destroy a British advanced post at Beaver Dams.

Bescheid

Bescheid is a municipality in Trier-Saarburg, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

Give It Away (Red Hot Chili Peppers song)

"Give It Away" is a song by Red Hot Chili Peppers. Red Hot Chili Peppers is an American rock band. It is on the band's fifth studio album, "Blood Sugar Sex Magik" (1991). It is the lead single for the album. Warner Bros. Records released the single in September 1991. The music in the song was written by John Frusciante and Flea. They wrote it months before recording the album. Anthony Kiedis, the singer for the band, wrote the words to the song.

The song was popular. It was number one on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks music chart. It was the band's first number one single. In 1992, the song went on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was number nine on the UK Singles Chart. The song won a Grammy Award in 1992. The band plays the song at many of their concerts. They also played it at Super Bowl XLVIII in 2014.

Super Kirby Clash

Super Kirby Clash is a video game for the Nintendo Switch. It was made by HAL Laboratory and Vanpool and it released in 2019.

Kirby has limited time to kill the bad guy he is fighting. There are many bad guys to kill, and Kirby can fight in 1 of 4 ways. There can be 4 or less Kirbys fighting a bad guy at one time.

Bad guys attack the town. Kirby and his friends must kill them. One of the bad guys is named Parallel Nightmare. He is the main bad guy.

Countryman (movie)

Countryman is a 1982 Jamaican action adventure drama movie directed by Dickie Johnson. It stars Edwin Lothan, Hiram Keller, Carl Bradshaw, Basil Keane, Freshey Richardson, Kristina St. Clair, Papa Threecards and Ronnie McKay.

Waiting (Green Day song)

"Waiting" is a 2001 song by punk rock band Green Day and is the third single from their sixth studio album "Warning". It went to number 34 in the United Kingdom and number 26 on the Billboard Modern Rock chart. It also appeared on their greatest hits album "International Superhits!" in 2001.

CD


GER CD

DVD Single

7"

Side A

Side B

Vinyl box set version

Side A

Side B

Bluey: The Album

Bluey: The Album is an album released on 22 January 2021 by Demon Records. The album has music from "Bluey".

Man in the Box

"Man in the Box" is a 1991 song by Alice in Chains. It is the second single from their debut studio album "Facelift". It went to number 18 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1992. It was later included on their greatest hits compilation albums. 

Little L

"Little L" is a 2001 song by English funk band Jamiroquai. It is the leading single from their fifth studio album "A Funk Odyssey". It went to number 1 in Spain, number 2 in Italy, number 5 in Finland, Portugal and the United States, number 6 in Hungary and Scotland, number 7 in Canada, number 14 in Australia, number 16 in Ireland, number 17 in Switzerland, number 20 in Norway and number 22 in France.

UK CD single

UK 12-inch single

UK cassette single

Australian CD single

US CD single

Japanese diaspora

Japanese diaspora refers to people of Japanese ancestry that do not live in Japan itself. Large populations exist in Brazil and America, and smaller groups in Peru and the UK.

Emergency on Planet Earth (song)

"Emergency on Planet Earth" is a 1993 song by British funk band Jamiroquai and is the title track to their debut studio album of the same name. It went to number 14 in the United Kingdom and number 4 on the Billboard Dance Club Songs chart in the United States.


Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi

Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi () also known as Khatron Ke Khiladi is an Indian Hindi-language stunt based reality television series based on the American series "Fear Factor". It was initially launched as "Fear Factor India" on Sony TV, later it was sold to Colors TV and was relaunched as "Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi" on 21 July 2008. A spin-off of the main-series was launched on 1 August 2020.


Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi 13

Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi Iss Baar Har Level, Darr Next Level is the upcoming and thirteenth season of "", an Indian reality and stunt television series. The series is produced by Endemol Shine India. The show is scheduled to premiere in July 2023, on Colors TV. The series is filmed in South Africa and will be hosted by Rohit Shetty.

In February 2023, Rohit Shetty entered the "Bigg Boss 16" house and selected Shalin Bhanot as the first contestant for the upcoming season, but he declined.

In June 2023, Divyanka Tripathi, Hina Khan and Faisal Shaikh were approached to be a part of the series.

The series was announced by Colors TV on 23 May 2023. The contestants were spotted at the Mumbai Airport before leaving for South Africa on 11 May 2023. Shetty was spotted leaving for South Africa on 16 May 2023.

Divyanka Tripathi was spotted at Mumbai Airport before leaving for Cape Town on 20 June 2023.

The principal photography of the series began on 20 May 2023 in South Africa. Rohit Shetty took to his Instagram to officially announce the same.

Leopold Neubauer

Leopold Neubauer (15 October 1889 – 16 February 1960) was an Austrian football player. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Leopold Neubauer began his career at the Wiener Sport-Club. He made his debut in the Austrian national team in a 3-5 away loss against Hungary on 1 November 1908. His last match was on 26 December 1917 in a 2-3 awayloss versus Switzerland. 

In the ÖFV (Österreichischen Fußball-Verbands) league, which was held for the first time in the 1911/12 season, Leopold Neubauer started as runner-up with Sport-Club. At the end of the season, he played in the 1912 Olympic Games in Stockholm. Austria finished fifth.

After personal differences arose between the player and the management of the WSC in 1913, Leopold Neubauer moved to Hütteldorf to the Wiener AF. With them he becaame Austrian champion in his first season in 1913–14. In the 1916–17 season he was the top scorer in the league, scoring 21 goals like Edi Bauer from Rapid. He ended his career again at WSCafter the 1919/20 season.

No One to Depend On

"No One to Depend On" is a 1972 song by Santana and is taken from their third studio album "Santana". It went to number 17 in Canada and number 36 in the United States.

Sweet Thing (David Bowie song)

"Sweet Thing" or "Sweet Thing/Candidate/Sweet Thing (Reprise)" is a suite of David Bowie songs from his eighth studio album "Diamond Dogs". They were the third fourth and fifth tracks from the album and was recorded in January 1974.

Christian Keglevits

Christian Keglevits (born 29 January 1961 in Weiden bei Rechnitz) is a retired Austrian footballer. He played in Austria as a striker mainly for SK Rapid Wien and Wiener Sport-Club. He also played for the Austrian national football team.

He started his career at SC Eisenstadt and also played for SK Rapid Wien, Wiener Sportclub, LASK Linz and SV Austria Salzburg. With Rapid he won two league titles and two domestic cups.

He earned 18 caps and scored 3 goals for the Austria national football team from 1980 to 1991, 3 games of those in World Cup qualification matches, He participated in the 1990 FIFA World Cup. His last international was a November 1991 European Championship qualification match against Yugoslavia.



Anne-Ségolène Abscheidt

Anne-Ségolène Abscheidt is a French professor and naval engineer. Since June 2023, she is the Director of the Institut Polytechnique des Sciences Avancées, a French aerospace College.

She is also Vice-President of "Ingénieurs et scientifiques de France".

Abscheidt Graduates with a Master's degree from the École navale in 1997, the she became operational manager at the Ministry of Defense in Brest and Toulon from 1997 to 2005. She took up the direction of communication and partnerships for the Lorraine Region. From 2007 to 2013, Anne-Ségolène Abscheidt worked on restructuring projects at the Ministry of Defense in Paris.

On top of that (2009-2013), she worked on business plans for several business projects. Since 2013, she founded Orientalis Conseil, a start-up specializing in advice and training for young people.

Anne-Ségolène Abscheidt was previously head of training at the EIGSI La Rochelle engineering school since October 2020. She was head of the ESCEM management school between April 2016 and June 2020.

From February 2022 to May 2023, she is head of training of Eductive, French educational company.

The 1st of June 2023, she is nominated Director of the Institut Polytechnique des Sciences Avancées, replacing Valérie Cornetet.

She is also Vice-President of "Ingénieurs et scientifiques de France".


Thursday's Child (David Bowie song)

"Thursday's Child" is a 1999 song by David Bowie and is the leading single from his 22nd studio album "Hours". It went to the top 50 in the United Kingdom, Scotland and Sweden. The music video was filmed in New York City in early August 1999.



This version also includes the full length "Thursday's Child" video in QuickTime format.





A cassette version was also released with the three tracks from the UK CD version 1 on both sides of the tape.

École navale

The École navale is a military school and grande école training line officers in the French Navy. It is located in the naval base of Lanvéoc-Poulmic (close to Brest), France.

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees:

It trains navy pilots, military engineers and technicians.



Số đề

Số đề" is a gambling game based on lottery results, but it is prohibited in Vietnam.

In Vietnam, there are a total of 27 lottery draws organized by the government. This game is based on the last two digits of the lottery prizes, with the special prize called "đề" and the other prizes called "lô". There are various ways to play, such as betting on the combination of "lô" and "đề", betting on the first and last digits, or betting on consecutive numbers, depending on the period.

The players of "số đề" are typically people with money, who hire others to select the numbers for them. The number selectors can be poor, unemployed, ticket sellers, or street vendors.

In Hanoi, there is a developed system of "số đề" agents that operates in connection with lottery retailers and tea shops, and their activities are quite open. Some players have even switched to playing "số đề" through the Internet.

The game "số đề" has negative consequences. The majority of players suffer losses, but due to greed and desire for revenge, they continue playing without stopping. As a result, their mental well-being is haunted by numbers, their health deteriorates, they experience strained family relationships and social reputation, and many end up in debt and live in secrecy.

Whitford, New Zealand

Whitford is a rural town southeast of Auckland. There are multiple versions of how the town was named and many thought it was named after Richard Whitford who operated a flax mill in the town. In the recent years have seen urban growth in Beachlands and in Ormiston subdivisons saw the village seeing included traffic flow.

Ingénieurs et scientifiques de France

The Ingénieurs et scientifiques de France (IESF), named before "Conseil national des Ingénieurs et Scientifiques de France" (CNISF), is an association, created in 1992 in order to be representative in France and abroad of French engineers and scientists.

It is composed by former students associations and societies.

It is managed by Marc Rumeau and Anne-Ségolène Abscheidt.


Candy and a Currant Bun

"Candy and a Currant Bun" is a 1967 song by Pink Floyd and is the B-side to their single "Arnold Layne". Its lyrical content is about casual sex and drugs. It was covered by The Mars Volta in 2008.

List of Cameroon Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Cameroon Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Cameroon since November 2021.

Renaissance (Lionel Richie album)

Renaissance is the sixth studio album by Lionel Richie. It was released on 16 October, 2000 through Island Def Jam. It went to number 3 in Germany, number 5 in Austria, number 6 in Switzerland, number 10 in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, number 16 in Poland and number 62 in the United States. It received mixed reviews.


Gas heater

A gas heater is a heater used to heat a room or outside area by burning natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, propane, or butane.

A gas heater controls its cycle by using a mechanical or electronic thermostat. Gas flow is turned on with a valve. The gas is lit by an electric filament or pilot light. Flames heat a radiator in the air duct, convection or a fan may distribute the heat to the room. 

Non-flued heaters – also known as unvented heaters, vent-free heaters, or flueless fires, are either permanently installed or can be moved around, and sometimes will have a catalytic converter. Non-flued heaters can be not safe if safety rules are not followed. There must be enough ventilation and they must be kept clean. They should always be switched off before sleeping. If they are operating correctly then the main emissions of a non-flued gas heater are water vapor, carbon dioxide, and nitrogen dioxide.

Flued heaters are permanently installed wherever they are placed. The flue, if properly installed correctly should remove all of the heater emissions. A correctly operating flued gas heater is safe for use.

Not all flued heaters are allowed for use in indoor living spaces. Some flued gas heaters can be used indoors, but not where people eat or sleep. For example, the normal power-vented garage unit heater in North America. These heaters are best in garages, commercial areas, or industrial spaces. They are not good where people live.

Oil heater

An oil heater, also known as an oil-filled heater, oil-filled radiator, or column heater, is a form of heater used in home heating. Although they are filled with oil, it is electrically heated and does not involve burning any oil. 

Oil heaters consist of metal columns that are hollow inside, where heat transfer oil flows freely around the heater. A heating element at the base of the heater heats the oil, which flow the heater by convection and then to the area around the heater by air convection and thermal radiation. The columns of oil heaters are constructed as thin fins so that the surface area of the metal columns is large compared to the amount of oil and element which provides the warmth. A large surface area allows more air to be in contact with the heater at any point in time, allowing for the heat to be transferred more effectively. This results in a surface temperature that is safe enough to touch. The heating level is controlled by a thermostat.

Oil heaters cost more to run and provide far less heating than gas heaters, they are still used in bedrooms and other small-to-medium-sized enclosed areas. This is because gas heaters, especially without a flue, are not suitable for bedroom use. Gas heaters cannot be used in confined spaces due to the reduced oxygen, and the emissions produced. This leaves electrically powered heaters, such as oil heaters, fan heaters, and heat pumps, as the only alternatives. 

Gary Tomlin

Gary Tomlin is an American soap opera actor. He also co-wrote with Elisabetta Gnone.

List of games included with Windows

Video games have been a part of Microsoft Windows operating systems, starting with Windows 1.0x. Microsoft, the company behind Windows, has included games in various versions of Windows, like the Microsoft Entertainment Pack and Microsoft Plus! Some of these games have also been included in later versions of Windows. One popular game, Microsoft Solitaire, has been included in every version of Windows except for Windows 8 and 8.1. The newest version of Windows, Windows 11, comes with Microsoft Solitaire Collection and Surf.

When Microsoft was developing Windows 1.0 in the early 1980s, they planned to include games. Initially, they developed two games called Puzzle and Chess, but later decided to include Reversi instead, based on the popular board game. Reversi was included in Windows versions up to Windows 3.1. In 1988, an intern named Wes Cherry developed Solitaire, with the card deck design by Susan Kare, who was known for her work on the original Macintosh.

The purpose of including Solitaire was to help users feel more comfortable with the operating system, especially since graphical user interfaces were still new to many people. It helped familiarize users with using a mouse, such as the drag-and-drop technique for moving cards. Solitaire and another game called FreeCell were among the most popular Windows programs, even surpassing productivity applications like Microsoft Word and Excel, according to Microsoft telemetry. However, there were concerns about employees spending too much time playing Solitaire and its impact on productivity.

The Microsoft Hearts Network was introduced in Windows for Workgroups 3.1, showcasing NetDDE technology that allowed multiple players to play simultaneously over a computer network. It was later renamed Internet Hearts and included in Windows Me and XP, along with other online multiplayer games. "3D Pinball for Windows – Space Cadet" was a version of the pinball table from the video game "Full Tilt! Pinball" released in 1995.

In Windows Vista and 7, Minesweeper had an alternate "Flower Garden" style in addition to the default "Minesweeper" style. This change was made due to controversy surrounding the original land mine theme being potentially insensitive. The "Flower Garden" style was used as the default in "sensitive areas."

Support for Internet games in Windows Me, XP, and 7 ended on specific dates, with Windows 7 ending on January 22, 2020. Windows 10 introduced several third-party games like Candy Crush Saga and Disney Magic Kingdoms, which were included as advertisements on the Start menu and could be automatically installed by the operating system. Windows 11 includes the Xbox app, allowing users to access the PC Game Pass video game subscription service. The Microsoft Edge browser bundled with Windows 10 and 11 also includes the Surf game starting from 2020 onwards.

Bayin Wu (artist)

Bayin Wu is a Chinese professional model/miniature maker from , born in 1989.

Bayin Wu starts his career as a professional model/miniature maker from 2009. He Graduated from in 2013 and Gained Master's degree in In 2014. As the Founder of Bayin Wu Studio, his masterpiece "DAS BOOT", "Ace Pilot" etc. won awards in several worldwide scale model competitions.

Tromsø University College

Tromsø University College (Norwegian: ), or HiTø, was a college in Tromsø, Norway. It was made in 1994. It was made through merging four colleges: Tromsø Teacher College, Tromsø Maritime College, Tromsø Nursing College, and Northern Norway Music Conservatory. The college teached things like healthcare, engineering, business administration, teaching, and the arts.

Students at Tromsø University College had access to healthcare, housing, and other things.

In 2009, Tromsø University College became part of the University of Tromsø. The merger between Tromsø University College and the University of Tromsø was done to improve higher education in Norway. The goal was to simplify the system. This was done by bringing the two schools together. The University of Tromsø now offers undergraduate and graduate programs. They now teach different things like humanities, social things, nature, and technology.

Aurelia Cotta

Aurelia was the mother of Gaius Iulius Caesar. She was probably born around 120 BC. She died in the year 54 BC. The Roman historian Tacitus wrote that she was a good mother. Because her father had the surname Cotta, she is sometimes called Aurelia Cotta. The family of the Aurelii Cottae had a lot of influence during that time.

Margaret of Denmark, Queen of Scotland

Margaret of Denmark (23 June 1456 – 14 July 1486) was Queen of Scotland from 1469 to 1486 by marriage to King James III. She was the daughter of Christian I, King of Denmark, Norway and Sweden, and Dorothea of Brandenburg.
Export beer

Export beer is a kind of beer with around 5% alcohol by volume. It has a longer shelf-life, so transporting (and exporting) it was easier. It is usually stronger in taste than Lager beer. As special yeast is used, export beer only became available year round when there were chillers. The kinds of yeast used need a temperature of between 4 and 9 degrees Celsius for fermentation. Traditionally, there are three kinds of export beers: Dortmunder, Münchner, and Wiener. In the 1970s, people started to prefer Pilsner over export beer.

"Dortmunder" was first brewed in 1843, in Dortmund. Because of industrialization, cooling was readily available which allowed Dortmund to become one of the important sites of brewing in Europe. At first, Dortmunder was associated with what the workers drank. Today, Dortmunder is a protected designation of origin. It needs to be brewed in Dortmund, with the local water. Dortmunder Exportbier has a golden color.

"Münchner Export" is brewed in Munich, and exists in different colors. Unlike with Dortmunder and Wiener, where the hops is the component giving the most taste, with Münchner it is the malt. Traditionally, Münchner Export uses darker malt, and is darker in color.

"Wiener Export" is not brewed very much anymore. It is between Dortmunder and Münchner, in color.


Theloderma nagalandense

The Nagaland tree frog ("Theloderma nagalandense") is a frog. It lives in India. Scientists have seen it in two places. Both places are in Nagaland State, one 1196 meters above sea level and one 1421 meters above sea level.

The Guns of Brixton

"The Guns of Brixton" is a 1979 song by The Clash and was originally taken from their third studio album "London Calling". It has reggae sounding song and was written by Paul Simonon who grew up in Brixton. It was released as a single in 1990 as Return to Brixton and when to number 57 in the United Kingdom. It was covered by Jimmy Cliff in 2011.

Deadpan

Deadpan comedy, also known as dry humor or deadpan humor, is a comedic style characterized by a deliberate and emotionless delivery of jokes or absurd situations. It relies on a contrast between the deadpan delivery and the humor or absurdity of the content, creating a unique comedic effect that often catches the audience off guard. This essay will explore the origins, characteristics, and impact of deadpan comedy.

The origins of deadpan comedy can be traced back to vaudeville and silent film era, where comedians like Buster Keaton and Charlie Chaplin mastered the art of deadpan delivery. However, it gained prominence in the mid-20th century with comedians such as Jack Benny and Bob Newhart. Deadpan comedy became a defining characteristic of their acts, and it quickly gained popularity among audiences.

One of the key characteristics of deadpan comedy is the delivery. Comedians who employ this style maintain a stoic and expressionless demeanor while delivering jokes or performing absurd actions. They maintain a straight face, often using deadpan pauses and minimal gestures to enhance the comedic effect. This contrast between the serious delivery and the humorous content creates a sense of irony and surprise, eliciting laughter from the audience.

Deadpan comedy relies heavily on timing and subtlety. Comedians use precise pauses and deadpan reactions to build anticipation and deliver punchlines with maximum impact. It requires a high level of comedic skill to master the art of deadpan, as the success of the joke depends on the perfect balance between the delivery and the content. Too much emotion or exaggeration can ruin the deadpan effect, while too little can make the humor go unnoticed.

One of the strengths of deadpan comedy is its versatility. It can be used in a wide range of comedic situations, from one-liners and observational humor to satirical and absurd scenarios. Deadpan comedy often plays with the expectations of the audience, subverting traditional comedic tropes and challenging societal norms. It can be used to highlight the absurdity of everyday situations or to make social and political commentary in a subtle and thought-provoking manner.

Deadpan comedy has had a significant impact on the comedy landscape. It has influenced numerous comedians and comedic actors who have adopted the deadpan style in their performances. Comedians like Steven Wright, Mitch Hedberg, and Demetri Martin have achieved great success with their deadpan delivery, using it as a unique selling point in their acts. Television shows like "The Office" and "Parks and Recreation" have also popularized deadpan humor, with characters delivering lines with a straight face and deadpan delivery, often leading to hilariously awkward situations.

Furthermore, deadpan comedy has transcended cultural boundaries and gained international recognition. Comedians from different countries have embraced this style and adapted it to their own comedic traditions. The deadpan delivery has become a universal language of humor, allowing comedians to connect with audiences around the world through its understated yet effective approach.

In conclusion, deadpan comedy is a unique and influential comedic style that relies on a deliberate and emotionless delivery of jokes or absurd situations. It has its roots in vaudeville and silent film era but gained prominence in the mid-20th century. The deadpan delivery, precise timing, and subtle humor make it a versatile and impactful form of comedy. It has shaped the comedic landscape and continues to entertain and surprise audiences with its unexpected and ironic punchlines. Deadpan comedy is a testament to the power of understatement and the art of delivering laughter through a straight face.

Attic fan

An attic fan, is a fan that controls the heat level of a building's attic by removing the hot air. A thermostat is used to turn the fan off and on based on the heat level, while sometimes a manual switch is used. An attic fan can be gable mounted or roof mounted. Extra vents are required to draw in fresh air as the hot air is exhausted. Attic fans are typically used in warmer months when temperatures in an attic can get above . A fan may be installed in an attic for the purpose of cooling a whole house by venting hot air out via the attic. These fans are often called whole-house fans.

Mechanical attic ventilation fans may be powered in a variety of different ways. Most attic vents fitted to homes are powered off electricity supplied by the power meter. A trend towards solar-powered attic ventilators is observable in the interest of conserving electricity and lowering monthly utility bills. Wind-powered roof turbines, often referred to as "whirly-birds", are also used to ventilate attics and other confined spaces. 

Attic fans may be wired in different ways. Normally, the fan is wired directly into an electric circuit and is controlled by a thermostat commonly ranging from to . It may also be hardwired but turned on and off using a switch. Another method is to have the fan plugged into an electric outlet mounted nearby. An environmentally friendly method is to wire a fan to a roof-mounted solar panel.

The Daily Ittefaq

The Daily Ittefaq is a Bengali-language daily newspaper. This newspaper format is broadsheet and is printed by Ittefaq Group of Publications Limited.

Chiller

A chiller is a machine that removes heat from a liquid through an vapor compression, adsorption refrigeration, or absorption refrigeration cycles. This liquid can then be moved through a heat exchanger to cool equipment. Refrigeration makes waste heat as a byproduct that must be removed from it or for greater efficiency it can be recovered for heating purposes. Vapor compression chillers may use any of a number of different types of compressors.The most used today are the hermetic scroll, semi-hermetic screw, or centrifugal compressors. The condensing side of the chiller can be either air or water-cooled. The chiller is often cooled by an induced or forced draft cooling tower. Absorption and adsorption chillers need a heat source to work.

Chilled water is used to cool and dehumidify air. This is used in large commercial, industrial, and institutional buildings. For example, schools, hospitals, and factories. Water-cooled chillers can be liquid-cooled (through cooling towers), air-cooled, or evaporatively cooled. Water or liquid-cooled systems can be more efficient and have environmental impact advantages over air-cooled systems.

In air conditioning systems, chilled coolant, normally chilled water mixed with ethylene glycol, from a chiller in an air conditioning or cooling plant is distributed to heat exchangers, or coils, in air handlers or other types of devices which cool the air in that area. The water is then brought back to the chiller to be cooled again. These cooling coils transfer sensible heat and latent heat from the air to the chilled water. This cools and usually dehumidifies the air. A chiller for air conditioning applications is rated between and , and at least two manufacturers (York international and LG) can produce chillers capable of up to cooling. Chilled water temperatures (leaving from the chiller) usually range from , depending upon application requirements. Chillers will get water at 12°C (entering temperature), and cool it to 7°C (leaving temperature).

When the chillers for air conditioning systems are in need of repair or replacement emergency chillers may be used to supply chilled water. Rental chillers are mounted on a trailer so that they can be quickly brought to the site. Large chilled water hoses are used to connect rental chillers and air conditioning systems.

Hip to Be Square

"Hip to Be Square" is a 1986 song by Huey Lewis and the News. It is the second single from their fourth studio album "Fore!". It went to number 3 in the United States, number 9 in New Zealand, number 12 in Finland, number 14 in Canada, number 17 in Australia, number 28 in the Netherlands, number 29 in Ireland, number 32 in Spain and number 41 in the United Kingdom. It was later used in the 2000 movie "American Psycho".



Silicon Valley (TV series)

A popular television program called Silicon Valley presents a humorous and informative picture of the quick-moving IT industry. The show has won fans all around the world with its smart writing, complete characters, and humorous viewpoint on the Silicon Valley lifestyle. This article will explore the popularity of "Silicon Valley," consider how the tech industry appears in it, look at its impact on pop culture, and talk about its legacy.

A young software engineer named Richard Hendricks is followed on "Silicon Valley" as he develops a revolutionary compression technique. The action of show is set in the booming tech hub of Silicon Valley, where Richard and his friends face the challenging conditions of business ownership, investment money, and intense competition.

Both the tech sector and global viewers connected with the show. Its faithful representation of startup culture and skillful storytelling have won it multiple prizes and praise from experts. Through its smart humor and engaging story, "Silicon Valley" appeals to a wider audience in addition to those who are familiar with the computer industry.

With truth and humor, "Silicon Valley" captures Silicon Valley culture. It draws attention to the high-stakes, high environment of startups as well as the strange characters that live there. The show skillfully mimics the sometimes crazy characteristics of the technology sector, providing a playful but sharp criticism of its quirks.

The show's group cast and character development are among its strong points. Thomas Middleditch's Richard Hendricks goes through a transformation from a shy programmer to a bold leader. Other characters, such as T.J. Miller's Erlich Bachman and Zach Woods' Jared Dunn, offer humor and emotional depth. The cast's chemistry plays a part in the success and long impact of the show.

The show "Silicon Valley" has been praised for its fresh writing and witty humor. A wonderful viewing experience is provided by the show's skillful combination of humor, irony, and funny slapstick. Each episode is filled with funny situations and witty jokes that keep the audience interested and happy.

From just being entertaining, "Silicon Valley" has had a big influence on culture. By regularly starting discussions on creative thinking, entrepreneurship, and the social effects of technology, the series has helped to shape how the general public views the technology sector. It has grown into a key social reference point, reflecting and impacting discussions about Silicon Valley and its effects on society in the real world.

Fans of "Silicon Valley" are dedicated to the show. Fan theories, episode analyses, and heated discussions exist in online groups, discussion forums, and social media platforms. The show's smart story and lovable cast have generated a devoted fan base that has kept the series in the spotlight long after it ended.

Like any successful program, "Silicon Valley" has been the target of controversies and criticisms. Some claim that the show lacks diversity in its character representations and promotes ideas about the computer industry. Others, however, claim the show's satire actively draws attention to these shortcomings and encourages discussions about them.

"Silicon Valley" ended its run after six successful seasons, leaving a lasting impression. The show's impact on the television industry and its unique combination of humor and social commentary guarantee its place in the Hall of Fame of Great TV Shows. It will be regarded as a historic program that captured the spirit of the tech sector and pleased viewers all around the world.

"Silicon Valley" is proof of the power of smart storytelling, engaging characters, and current storytelling. It engaged viewers while educating them about the fascinating world of technology and kept them smiling with its sharp humor. "Silicon Valley" has cemented its position as one of the most recognizable and adored television programs of its time through its cultural effect and long legacy.
She Looks So Perfect

"She Looks So Perfect" is a 2014 song by Australian band 5 Seconds of Summer and is the leading single from their debut studio album "5 Seconds of Summer". It topped the single charts in Australia, New Zealand, Ireland and the United Kingdom and went to number 24 in the United States.


Ranghar

Ranghar are a community of Muslims who were classified as an "agricultural tribe" by the British Raj administration. especially in 1st Horse Skinner's Horse.

The term Ranghar has also been used for closely related Muslim communities, the Pachhada and the Muslim Tagas of Haryana and the Muley Jats. In addition, the Odh community in Pakistan are also often known as Ranghar.

Ranghars were known as Muslim Rajputs. The Ranghar can be roughly divided into sub-groups, conveniently divided by the Yamuna river. Those to the west of the river remained as pastoralists much longer than the Yamuna Ranghar, who were all settled agriculturist by the start of the 19th century. The partition of India further divided these two groups, with the trans Yamuna Ranghar emigrating to Pakistan, while those of the Doab region remaining in India. They comprise a large numbered of dispersed intermarrying clans. These exogamous groups are made up of myriad landholding patrilineages of varying genealogical depth, ritual, and social status called biradaries or brotherhoods scattered in the various districts of western Uttar Pradesh. The biradari, or lineage is one of the principal point of reference for the Ranghars, and all biradaris claim descent from a common ancestor. Often biradaris inhabit a cluster of villages called chaurasis (84 villages), chatisis (36 villages) and chabisis (26 villages). An example of a chatisa is that of the Chauhan Ranghar of the Agauta pargana of Bulandshahr District.

Garamond

Garamond is the name for a group of serif typefaces. They were created by Parisian typesetter Claude Garamond and Jean Jannon in the 16th century, or they are based on his works. The typefaces use serifs. As these typefaces are very well suited for reading, they are often used in printed books.


Majhraut (Ahir)

The Majhraut or Majraut is a clan of Ahirs that inhabits the Indian state of Bihar and Jharkhand. They are believed to be descended from the Yadav king Madhu who ruled Mathura.

Like Krishnaut even Majhraut Ahirs never sold either milk, ghee or butter and have, to a large extent, were cultivators. Some of them were landlords of some estates.

The Yadavs who migrated from Mathura (Braj) to Bihar and its surrounding areas came to be known as Mathraut or Majrauth.
In Bihar and Jharkhand there were many rulers and zamindars belonging to Ahir (Yadav) caste. During British Raj, the Ahir zamindars were predominantly found in northern and eastern parts of Bihar. Most of them belonged to Krishnaut and Majhraut clans of Ahir

Majhrauts are found all over Bihar but numerically they exceed other sub-caste in Saharsa and it's adjoining district of Bihar. While most Yadavs were small scale peasants in North and Central India, a small number of them acquired land in newly reclaimed area of Eastern Bihar (Purnea and Saharsa) and became big land holders.
The titles generally used by Majhraut and other sub-caste of Ahirs in Bihar are Yadav, Raut, Gope, Ray, Rai, Roy, Mandal, Singh, etc.


Lorikayan is sung by Ahirs of Bihar, it is a folk song of veer rasa where events from the life of Lorik are described. This is more popular in Bhojpuri, Maithili & Magahi.

Species description

When a new species is discovered, it needs to be described. This is known as species description. Today, this description is done in the form of an article or paper, published in a scientific journal. The scientific description has to follow strict rules. The person who is the author of the scientific article is also the person who is seen as the one who discovered the species. Usually, he or she can propose a name for the species. If the article has many authors, all of them are seen as discoverers of the species. Describing a species belongs to taxonomy.

Species descriptions have also been done in historic times. That way, Aristotle's History of Animals is probably among the first such publications. The book was published around 343 BC. In it, Aristole describes some of the creatures of his homeland, mostly fish and invertebrates. He also included a few mythical creatures, such as the manticore.

In the year 77 AD, Pliny the Elder described several species, in his work Natural History. He probably read Aristonle's work, as he also describes many of the mythical creatures Aristole does.

In the 13th century, the didactic text "Konungs skuggsjá" was written. It had many descriptions of whales, seals, and monsters of the Icelandic seas. The descriptions were short, and often contained errors. The descriptions include those of a mermaid, and of a large sea monster called Hafgufa. At first, the author did not want it, because he thought it was too big, but felt it was important enough to be included in his descriptions. Today, we know that the Hafgufa does not exist.
Carl Linnaeus wrote "Systema Naturae" in 1735. He was the first to use the modern system of taxonomy, which is still used today.

In da Club

"In da Club" is a 2003 song by American rapper 50 Cent and is the lead single from his debut studio album "Get Rich or Die Tryin'". It topped the single charts in Australia, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Ireland, New Zealand, Switzerland and the United States. It went to the top ten in Austria, Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Romania, Scotland, Sweden and the United Kingdom. It also went to number 16 in France. The song was nominated for 2 Grammy Awards in 2004, but lost to Eminem's song "Lose Yourself". The music video for Eminem's song "Without Me" appears on a TV screen.

Linas, Essonne

Linas is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. In 2020, 6,864 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are known as "Linois". Linas is known for its motor racing circuit Autodrome de Linas-Montlhéry. It has a church called Saint-Merry.


Candy Shop

"Candy Shop" is a 2005 song by American rapper 50 Cent featuring American R&B singer Olivia and is the second single from his second studio album "The Massacre". It topped the single charts in Austria, Belgium, Germany, Switzerland and the United States. It went to the top ten in Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Hungary, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Scotland and the United Kingdom. The song was nominated for an Grammy Award in 2006 and was nominated for MTV Video Music Award in 2005.

Disco Inferno (50 Cent song)

"Disco Inferno" is a 2004 song by American rapper 50 Cent and is the lead single from his second studio album "The Massacre" (2005). It went to number 3 in the United States and number 87 in the United Kingdom. The song was nominated for an Grammy Award in 2006, but lost to Kanye West's song "Gold Digger".


Ukrainian State

Ukrainian State ("Українська Держава", "Ukrainska Derzhava") was the official name of Ukraine under government of Hetman Pavlo Skoropadsky, announced on 29 April 1918. The structure of the state was a Ukrainian variant of a constitutional monarchy, based on some aspects of Cossack Hetmanate. On 14 December 1918 the Hetman's government has fallen.

An Enemy of the People (movie)

An Enemy of the People is a 1978 American drama movie directed by George Schaefer and is based on Arthur Miller's 1950 adaptation of Henrik Ibsen's 1882 play of the same name. It stars Steve McQueen, Charles Durning, Bibi Andersson, Eric Christmas, Michael Cristofer and was distributed by Warner Bros..


If This Is It (Huey Lewis and the News song)

"If This Is It" is a 1984 song by Huey Lewis and the News. It is the fourth single from their third studio album "Sports". It went to number 6 in Canada and the United States, number 8 in Norway, number 10 in Iceland and Sweden, number 20 in Australia, number 37 in New Zealand and number 39 in the United Kingdom.

Proportionality (mathematics)

There are 2 types of Proportionality: Direct and Inverse

With Direct Proportion, it's when 2 values are a multiple of another.

For example: 1cm= 10mm. To convert cm to mm, the multiplier always has to be 10.

Direct Proportion can be used to calculate the cost of petrol, or exchange rates of foreign money.

The symbol for Direct proportion is ∝.

The Statement ' t is directly proportional to r' can be written as t ∝ r.

With Inverse Proportion, one increases as the other decreases at the same rate. If one quantity doubles, the other one halves. For example, more workers on a job would reduce the time to complete the task. They are inversely proportional.

Under My Thumb

"Under My Thumb" is a song by The Rolling Stones. It is the fourth track from their 1966 studio album "Aftermath". Although it was not released in the English-language countries. It has become one of the band's biggest hits of the 1960s and appears on their greatest hits albums such as "Hot Licks 1964-1971". It has been covered by Del Shannon, The Who and Tina Turner. 

Partant pour la Syrie

Partant pour la Syrie, ("Departing for Syria") also known as Le beau Dunois was a national anthem of the Second French Empire, dated to 1807. The music was composed by Queen Hortense de Beauharnais and the lyrics were written by Comte Alexandre de Laborde.

Partant pour la Syrie,

Le jeune et beau Dunois,

Venait prier Marie

De bénir ses exploits :

Faites, Reine immortelle,

Lui dit-il en partant,

Que j'aime la plus belle

Et sois le plus vaillant. 
On lui doit la Victoire.

Vraiment, dit le seigneur ;

Puisque tu fais ma gloire

Je ferai ton bonheur.

De ma fille Isabelle,

Sois l'Epoux à l'instant,

Car elle est la plus belle,

Et toi le plus vaillant.
Il trace sur la pierre

Le serment de l'honneur,

Et va suivre à la guerre

Le Comte son seigneur ;

Au noble voeu fidèle,

Il dit en combattant :

Amour à la plus belle,

Honneur au plus vaillant. 
A l'Autel de Marie,

Ils contractent tous deux

Cette union Chérie

Qui seule rend heureux.

Chacun dans la chapelle

Disait en les voyant :

Amour à la plus belle,

Honneur au plus vaillant.

Leaving for Syria,

The young and handsome Dunois

Went to ask the Virgin Mary,

His heroic deeds to bless,

Make it so, immortal Queen

He said on his leaving,

That I love the most beautiful (woman)

And be the bravest.
We owe you the victory

Verily! says the lord,

Since you have established my glory,

I will make you happy!

My daughter Isabella

Will be your wife

For she is the most beautiful (woman)

And you the bravest.
He writes on stone

The oath of honor

And follows into war

The earl, his lord.

Faithful to his noble vow,

He said while fighting:

Love to the most beautiful (woman)

Honor to the bravest.
At the altar of Mary,

They pledged both

This dear union

Which alone brings happiness.

Everyone in the chapel

Said seeing them:

Love to most beautiful (woman)

Honor to the bravest.

Caixin

Caixin Media (simplified Chinese: 财新传媒; traditional Chinese: 財新傳媒; pinyin: "Cáixīn Chuánméi") is a Chinese media. It is based in Beijing known for investigative journalism.

Caixin means "New Fortune" in Chinese.

The founder and publisher is Hu Shuli, an honorary doctorate degree recipient from Princeton University. Previously, Hu founded Caijing magazine. 

The headquarters is in the Sanlitun SOHO (三里屯SOHO) in Chaoyang District, Beijing. There are also offices in Xuhui District, Shanghai and Quarry Bay, Hong Kong.

Mechanical room

A mechanical room, boiler room or plant room is a room or space in a building holding the mechanical equipment and its electrical equipment, unlike rooms made for human occupancy or storage. The size of the mechanical room is usually similar to the size of the building. A small building or home may have a utility room or laundry room. In larger buildings, mechanical rooms can be of very large size, often requiring multiple rooms throughout the building, or even occupying one or more complete floors (see: mechanical floor).

Mechanical rooms will have the following equipment:

Equipment in mechanical rooms are operated and maintained by a engineer or a maintenance technician. Modern buildings use control systems to manage HVAC systems, lighting, communications, and life safety equipment. Often, the control system hardware is located in the mechanical room and monitored or accessed remotely on a computer or tablet. 

Rooms with only electrical or electronic equipment such as circuit breakers and switchgear are not called mechanical rooms but are instead called electrical rooms.


Sorry (Justin Bieber song)

"Sorry" is a 2015 song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber and is the second single from his fourth studio album "Purpose". It topped the single charts in Canada, Denmark, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Portugal, Scotland, Slovakia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States. It went to the top 10 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Norway and Switzerland. The music video has over 3.5 billion views on YouTube.

Professional doctorate

Professional doctorate is the name given to an academic title. People who studied certain branches get a degree of Dr. at the end of their regular studies. This is mostly the case in branches such as medicine and law. This is not comparable to someone spending years writing and defending a thesis. It is more like a Master's degree, which people get after studying 4 to 5 years.

Villeneuve-sur-Auvers

Villeneuve-sur-Auvers is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Zincourt

Zincourt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Xamontarupt

Xamontarupt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Hirschland

Hirschland is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Xonrupt-Longemer

Xonrupt-Longemer is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Murho Estate

The Murho Estate was a chieftaincy and later a zamindari (estate) of Yadav (Ahir) in erstwhile Bhagalpur district of Bihar (now in Madhepura district).

The name of the estate derives from a Murho village of Madhepura District. Members of the Murho family were very big landlords of the Kosi division.

The Murho Zamindari (Estate) was ruled by Majhraut Clan Of Yadava. It was the largest and respected zamindari estate of Kosi region (Bihar).

Babu Rasbihari Lal was an ardent freedom fighter, philanthropist and social reformer. According to litterateur Dr. Bhupendra Narayan Madhepuri, Rasbihari Babu was scholarly in many languages like Hindi, Urdu, Persian, Bengali, English, French and Sanskrit.

Chairman of Mandal Commission and former Chief Minister of Bihar, Babu B.P. Mandal was born in Murho raj family. He was the third son of Zamindar Babu Ras Bihari Lal Mandal.



Ranipatti Estate

The Ranipatti Estate (1775–1949) was a Rich zamindari estate of Yadav (Ahir) in erstwhile Bhagalpur district (now in Madhepura) of Bihar, India. It was one of the prominent zamindar family of Kosi region. Mandal title was used by the landlord of Ranipatti, which means the head of the village.

The chieftains of Ranipatti Estate had zamindari of 56 mauza (revenue villages), which was spread with an area of thousands acres in the modern-day districts of Madhepura, Saharsa and Bhagalpur.

The estate of Ranipatti was controlled by Majhraut Ahir zamindars. The Kosi and it's adjoining region was once dominated by the Majhraut clan of Ahirs and many zamindaris were in the hands of this clan.

The Ranipatti Zamindar family had close links with the Zamindars of the Murho Estate and both these Zamindar families were the most prominent families of the Kosi region, who has played a major role in the development of the region since the pre-independence period.



Yadava-Varman Dynasty

The Varman Dynasty (also known as Yadava-Varman) was a Hindu Yadava dynasty of Indian subcontinent which ruled the East Bihar (Anga) and Bengal. The Varmans established their supremacy after replacing the Chandra Dynasty. Their first capital was at Chamapuri in present-day Bhagalpur, later on it was shifted to Bikrampur in present-day Munshiganj District of Bangladesh.

History of Varman Dynasty is known from three copperplates and the Bhuvanesvara inscription of Bhatta Bhavadeva.

The rulers of Varman dynasty belonged to Majhraut clan of Yadava race and were related to royal Yadava family of Simhapura.

There was controversy relating to identification and location of Simhapura. R.C Majumdar says, one to the north of salt range in Punjab; a second in the Kalinga which has been identified with modern Singapuram in Kalinga (northern Orissa) between Chicacole and Narasannapeta; and third in the Radha, generally identified with Singur of Hooghly district. From the Lakhmandal inscription, it is clear that Simhapura was in Punjab and was ruled by the Varman family, the only other Varman family, who belonged to Yadava race. There can therefore be hardly any doubt that these Varman rulers were an offshoot of the Yadava-Varman of Simhapura in the Punjab region.

The information about Yadava rulers of Simhapura in the Yamuna valley is extracted from Lakhmandal inscription of princess Ishvara. There has been mentioned of Simhapura kingdom, which spread from the Giri/Tonse river to the Ganga and from Lakhmandal to Ambala and Saharanpur in the plains.

The Varmans most probably came to Bengal in the train of Kalachuri Karna's invasion of Vanga. Vajravarman seems to have invaded southeastern Bengal from Orissa, probably following the same route as Rajendra Chola's army. It is quite likely that the Vajravarman accompanied Karna, stayed in Bengal, and at an opportune moment carved out an independent Kingdom for themselves.

Vajra Varman was the earliest ruler of this dynasty and victory over Vanga was achieved under his leadership. According to Mr. R.D Banerjee and Dr. D.C Ganguly Varman Kingdom in Eastern Bengal was founded by Vajravarman. The only record mentioning Vajra Varman's name is the Belava inscription, which praised him only as a poet, brave warrior, and an intellectual.

Adideva was minister of Vajra Varman, whose grandson Bhatta Bhavadeva served as the minister of war and peace under King Harivarman.

Jatavarman was the son of Vajravarman and it is believed that Jatavarman accompanied Karna in latter's expedition of Bengal.

The reference to Jatavarman's marriage with Virashri, daughter of Karna, and to Jatavarman's war with Kaivarta chief Divya, who wrested northern Bengal from the Palas, help us in fixing the date of Jatavarman's rise to power sometime in between 1050 and 1075 AD. He attacked Varendra with a hostility towards Buddhism. Though the Kaivarta regime there did not suffer any loss, a part of Buddhist monastery of Somapura was destroyed by fire set by Jatavarman's army.

The account of Jatavarman's military conquests is given in the Belava plate of Bhojavarman. Jatavarman's marriage with Karna's daughter Virashri was significant and was perhaps a great factor in the rise of the political fortunes of the Varman Dynasty.

Jatavarman's assault on Anga, as mentioned in the Belava plate, must have involved him in a struggle with the Pala Empire but he made himself powerful in the region after capturing the parts of Anga.

Jatavarman's other two adversaries were Govardhana and the King of Kamarupa. He snatched away a part of Pundravardhana , then under the sovereign rule of Kamarupa.

Harivarman, under whom Bhatta Bhavadeva of the Bhuvanesvara Prashasti served as the minister of war and peace. On the basis of the colophon of the manuscript it can be assumed that Harivarman had a long reign of 46 years. It confirms to the information of the Bhuvanesvara inscription, where it is recorded that he ruled for a long time.

Harivaman, having seen Ramapala's success in recovering northern Bengal, propitiated Ramapala in order to avoid a Pala attack on his territory. It is doubtful whether Harivarman extended his rule towards Orissa. There is reference to a son of Harivarman both in the Bhuvanesvara inscription and Vajrayogini plate, but hardly anything is known about him.

Samalavarman, another son of Jatavarman, was the next king. His name figures prominently in the genealogical accounts of the Vaidik Brahmins, who are said to have migrated to Bengal from Madhyadesha during his reign. There was matrimonial relation between the Varmans and the Lankan King Vijayabahu I; in all probability Trailokyasundari, daughter of Samalavarman, was married to the Lankan king.

Besides Bhojavarman, King Samalavarman had another son named Udayin, who is said to be a great warrior, whom none could approach in the battlefield.

Bhoja Varman, son of Samalavarman was the last independent ruler of Varman Dynasty and the Belava plate was issued in his fifth regnal year from the jayaskandhavara situated at Bikramapura. He was defeated by Vijaysena of Sena Dynasty and rule of Varmans over southeast Bengal came to an end.


Yaacob II ben Uzzi ben Yaacob ben Aaharon

Yaacob II ben Uzzi ben Yaacob ben Aaharon (1899-1987) was the 127th High Priest of the Samaritans. He was the grandson of Yaacob I ben Aaharon ben Shalma. He served from 1984-1987

This man is famous in the study of Samaritans. He is a respected Samaritan High Priest. He was born in a smart and religious family. Yaacob II learned a lot about the Samaritan religion and ways from his granddad. His grandfather, Yaacob I ben Aaharon ben Shalma, took care of him when his parents died young.

When he was a kid, Yaacob II was good at learning and languages. He learned Hebrew, Arabic, and English fast. He was the head of a big Samaritan Cohen group called Sons of Jacob. People in the Samaritan community respected him a lot for his intelligence and wisdom.

In 1984, Yaacob II became the Samaritan High Priest. He got this role from Phinehas X ben Matzliach ben Phinehas. While he was High Priest, he worked hard. He made the Samaritan community stronger and helped them get along with other religions.

Yaacob II cared a lot about keeping and sharing the history and ways of the Samaritans. He wrote a lot about this. He wrote many books that people who want to learn about Samaritans must read.

Yaacob II had many hard times. But he never stopped caring for the Samaritan people. He was smart and knew a lot about the Samaritan religion and ways. He is a famous person in the study of Samaritans. People will remember him and learn from him for many years to come.
In 1987 he died and Yoseph ben Ab-Hisda ben Yaacov ben Aaharon became the high priest.

Whistle (Flo Rida song)

"Whistle" is an electropop song by American rapper Flo Rida and is the third single from his fourth studio album "Wild Ones". The song was released on April 24, 2012. It topped the single charts in Australia, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, Ireland, Israel, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Scotland, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland and the United States. It also went to number 2 in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Lebanon and the United Kingdom and number 3 in Denmark, Finland and Italy.



Talk Dirty (song)

"Talk Dirty" is a 2013 song by American singer Jason Derulo featuring American rapper 2 Chainz and is taken from his albums "Tattoos" and "Talk Dirty". It topped the single charts in Australia, Belgium, Germany, Israel, Romania, Scotland and the United Kingdom. It went to the top 10 in Austria, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and the United States.

Horst Wessel

Horst Ludwig Georg Erich Wessel (9 October 1907-23 February 1930) was a member of the SA, of the National Socialist German Worker’s Party from 1926-1930 . In 1930, he was killed by a communist. As he had written the Horst Wessel-Lied, the party made him into a martyr and hero . Horst Wessel was born in 9 October 1907 in the city of Bielefeld in the Kingdom of Prussia in the German Empire (now ; North Rhine-Westphalia) . He joined the National Socialist (Nazi Party) in 1926 at the age of 19 he later became Sturmfuhrer of the SA the same year. In February 1930 he was killed by the Communist Party of Germany in Berlin (aged ; 22) .

Wiggle (song)

"Wiggle" is a 2014 song by American singer Jason Derulo featuring American rapper Snoop Dogg and is taken from his albums "Tattoos" and "Talk Dirty". It peaked at number 5 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and peaked at number 8 in the United Kingdom. It went to the top 10 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Lebanon, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Scotland, Slovakia, South Africa, Sweden and Switzerland.

Yubo

Yubo, or Yellow, is a French social networking app. The app has 60 million users as of 2022.

Yubo's creators consisted of three people. Back then, they were engineering students at CentraleSupélec Graduate school of the Paris-Saclay University and Télécom Paris. It was first released in 2015.

The COVID-19 pandemic gave the app its popularity. The daily signups reached 30,000 per day in mid-April.

In September 2020, Yubo started in the U.S. in Jacksonville, Florida. At the same time, Yubo opened a new office in London. Yubo raised over $47.5 million (€40 million) in November 2020.

In November 2021, they made another office in New York City.

Live streaming video is the main feature. There can be up to ten people recording. Viewers can choose which livestreams to go to.

Users can filter out what content they like. The same goes for rating people. There is no like button or any number of "followers".

The programming contains face recognition. It is useful for verifying ages. Those who go against the technology have to download Yoti.

Yubo had increased media attention after the app popularized in 2019. The app was described as a "Tinder for Teens", paying attention to the swiping feature. People were suspicious of their children engaging in online dating.

Illegal actions have been reported, such as predatory behavior, grooming, and child pornography.

Using the facial recognition technology, Yubo has deleted accounts that are under 13.

In 2018, Yubo worked to prevent cyberbullying.

In 2020, Yubo created a program with the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children that scans for any bad content. The livestream is deleted when bad content is found.

In July 2021, Yubo was updated with the Muted Words feature. Users can choose to block people by muting them.

The Robb Elementary School shooting caused the app to receive negative feedback. The one who shot everyone still had his profile up on Yubo. After four days, the account was taken down.

Castle on the Hill

"Castle on the Hill" is a 2017 song by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran and is the double lead single from his third studio album "÷", along with "Shape of You". It topped the single charts in Iceland, Israel and Scotland. It went to number 2 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom and number 3 in France, Hungary, Norway and Portugal. It also peaked at number 6 in the United States. The song refers to Framlingham Castle in his hometown of Framlingham in Suffolk.

Solar rotation

Solar rotation is the term for the Sun moving around its axis of rotation. Like other objects in space, the Sun rotates. Unlike many objects, the areas of the Sun rotate at different speeds. At the equator, one complete rotation takes about 24 and a half days. At the poles, one rotation takes about 38 days. The difference in speeds is caused by the fact that the Sun is a ball of gas. Because it is not solid, different parts move at different speeds. 
The upper and lower chromosphere rotates when the sun rotates.

No Excuses (Alice in Chains song)

"No Excuses" is a 1994 song by Alice in Chains. It is the leading single from their 1994 EP "Jar of Hearts". It went to number 17 in Canada, number 48 on the Hot 100 Airplay and number 1 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

Disaster movie

A disaster movie is a movie that consists of a dangerous situation, or a character does something that causes a disaster.

Telegram Sam

"Telegram Sam" is a 1972 song by glam rock band T. Rex. It was taken from their seventh studio album "The Slider". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and Ireland, number 4 in Germany and Switzerland, number 6 in Norway, number 20 in Australia, number 26 in the Netherlands, number 27 in France, number 35 in New Zealand, number 66 in Canada and number 67 in the United States. 

In 1980, English gothic rock band Bauhaus covered Telegram Sam as their fourth single. It went to number 12 in New Zealand.

Side A:

Side B:

Side A:

Side B:

Greta Van Fleet

Greta Van Fleet is an American rock band. It was made in Frankenmuth, Michigan in 2012. The members of the band are Josh Kiszka (singing), Jake Kiszka (guitar), Sam Kiszka (bass guitar, keyboards), and Danny Wagner (drums). The band released their first extended play (EP) in April 2017. It is named "Black Smoke Rising". The band's first single was popular. It is named "Highway Tune". It was number one on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock music chart. It was number one on the chart for four weeks. The band made a second EP named "From the Fires". It won a Grammy Award for Best Rock Album.

The band released their first album in October 2018. It is named "Anthem of the Peaceful Army". It was number one on the "Billboard" Rock Album chart. In 2021, the band made "The Battle at Garden's Gate".


Waverley, Taranaki

Waverley is a town in South Taranaki District, New Zealand. It is located 44 kilometers northwest of Whanganui, 17 kilometers east of Patea, 10 kilometers west of Waitōtara and are all on State Highway 3. It has a primary school and had a high school that shut in April 2007. It is the home of racehouse Kiwi that won the 1983 Melbourne Cup.

Ramblin' Man (The Allman Brothers Band song)

"Ramblin' Man" is a 1973 song by The Allman Brothers Band and is the leading single from their fourth studio album "Brothers and Sisters". It went to number 2 in the United States, number 7 in Canada and number 40 in Australia. It is inspired by the 1951 song of the same name by Hank Williams.

I Guess That's Why They Call It the Blues

"I Guess That's Why They Call It the Blues" is a 1983 song by Elton John and is the leading single from his 17th studio album "Too Low for Zero". It went to number 1 in Zimbabwe, number 4 in Australia, South Africa and the United States, number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Canada, number 12 in New Zealand and Switzerland, number 22 in Germany and number 48 in the Netherlands. It features Stevie Wonder on harmonica. It was used in the 1992 movie "Peter's Friends".

US 7-inch single

UK 7-inch single

All I Want (movie)

All I Want (also known as Try Seventeen) is a 2002 coming-of-age comedy-drama movie directed by Jeffrey Porter and written by Charles Kephart. It stars Elijah Wood, Franka Potente and Mandy Moore. The movie premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 10, 2002 and Palm Springs International Film Festival on January 12, 2003.


Barbie (movie)

Barbie is a 2023 American fantasy comedy movie directed by Greta Gerwig. The movie is based on the popular Barbie fashion dolls by Mattel and is inspired by the book "Reviving Ophelia" by Mary Pipher. It is the first live-action Barbie movie, featuring Margot Robbie as Barbie and Ryan Gosling as Ken, along with a talented supporting cast. The movie is about Barbie and Ken travelling to the real world in Los Angeles after Barbie suffers from an existential crisis.


The movie's development began in 2014 when Sony Pictures acquired the rights, but it went through various changes in writers, directors, and casting. Eventually, Warner Bros. Pictures took over the project in 2018, with Margot Robbie attached as the star and producer. Greta Gerwig was confirmed as the director and co-writer with Noah Baumbach in 2021. The filming took place at Warner Bros. Studios in England from March to July 2022.

"Barbie" premiered at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles on July 9, 2023. It was released in the United States on July 21 by Warner Bros. Pictures. 

The movie was released the same day as "Oppenheimer", a biographical thriller movie directed by Christopher Nolan. Since both movies are from opposite genres and are being released on the same day, the term "Barbenheimer" describes this and has become an internet meme.

The movie crossed the $1 billion mark worldwide on August 6, 2023, making it the first movie by a solo female director to do so. "Barbie" became the highest-grossing live-action comedy movie of all time.


Blind Date (1987 movie)

Blind Date is a romantic comedy movie released in 1987. It was directed by Blake Edwards and featured Bruce Willis in his first credited lead role, alongside Kim Basinger. Although the movie received mostly negative reviews from critics, it performed well financially and debuted at the top of the box office charts.


Book Club (movie)

Book Club is a 2018 American romantic comedy movie directed by Bill Holderman in his directorial debut. Co-written by Holderman and Erin Simms, the movie stars Diane Keaton, Jane Fonda, Candice Bergen, and Mary Steenburgen as four friends who find their perspectives on personal relationships shifting after reading Fifty Shades of Grey for their monthly book club.

Released on May 18, 2018, by Paramount Pictures, the film received mixed reviews from critics. However, it was a financial success, earning over $104 million worldwide against its $14 million budget. A sequel titled "" was released in May 2023.

Philosophical logic

Philiosophers use arguments to talk about the concepts and ideas they have. In order to connect these arguments and ideas, and to be able to convince people, they need logic. This kind of logic is known as philosophical logic. The logic can be what is called classical logic, but it can also be more complex, such as modal logic. What is commonly used is propositional logic, which extends the classical logic and introduces quantifiiers. 

There is also a philiosophy of logic, which is slightly different.

The term philosphical logic is often used to contrast it with mathematical logic, which is used in the natural sciences. 

The Darwin Awards (movie)

The Darwin Awards is a 2006 American adventure comedy movie. It was directed by Finn Taylor. It is based on the website of the same name. The movie premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2006. 

The cast includes Joseph Fiennes, Winona Ryder, David Arquette, Juliette Lewis, Wilmer Valderrama, Chris Penn, Julianna Margulies, Robin Tunney, Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Brad Hunt, Adam Savage, Jamie Hyneman, and Metallica.


Manomaya Buddha Temple

Manomaya Buddha Temple was established in 2023 during a consecration ceremony. The ceremony was attended by Clergy from Wat Pak Nam Temple in Thailand as the Guest of Honour. The ceremony attracted over 2000 visitors and was covered by local media.

The temple is in the village of Paganeri in South India. Paganeri is a village in Kalaiyarkoil Block in Sivaganga District of Tamil Nadu State, India. It is located 20 KM towards North from District headquarters Sivaganga. 19 KM from Kalaiyarkoil. 454 KM from State capital Chennai.

The temple is privately owned and as such does not accept donations. The purpose is to offer visitors a spiritual experience from where they will learn more about themselves, the world we live in and how to be happier within both.

The temple was established by Manikandan Chockalingam CEO of Cal4Care.

Considering the name and location of this town, this Buddha is blessed and called ‘Manomaya Buddha’ on the advice of Buddhist Bhikkhu from “Wat Pak Nam” temple in Thailand.

It is believed that by meditating and contemplating on the pillars and walls of this temple in honor of the Buddha’s teachings, one can attain the same peace and enlightenment that the Buddha attained.

The Pedhama is designed to provide a peaceful environment for those seeking to deepen their understanding of the Buddha’s teachings and cultivate peace of mind and wisdom. In addition, the Buddha Pedhama enables individuals to come together to connect with each other in community and share their spiritual journey.

This private temple also serves as a place of peace for Paganeri village and peace of mind for mankind.

Did You Hear About the Morgans?

Did You Hear About the Morgans? is a 2009 American romantic comedy thriller movie directed and written by Marc Lawrence. The movie stars Hugh Grant and Sarah Jessica Parker as Paul and Meryl Morgan, a separated power couple from New York City. Their lives take an unexpected turn when they witness a murder involving one of Meryl's clients. To ensure their safety, they are placed in witness protection, given new identities, and relocated to a small town in Wyoming. The supporting cast includes Sam Elliott, Mary Steenburgen, Elisabeth Moss, and Wilford Brimley. It is the second collaboration between Grant and Parker, following the 1996 movie "Extreme Measures".

The movie premiered in December 2009 and received negative reviews from critics. Despite the critical reception, it had a successful box office run, grossing $85 million worldwide.


Viettel FC

Viettel Football Club (), also known as Viettel FC, is a professional football club from Vietnam. They are based in Hanoi and are part of the Viettel Sports Centre, which belongs to the Viettel Group. Viettel FC competes in the V.League 1, the top division of Vietnamese football.

Formerly known as Thể Công, Viettel FC is the most successful club in Vietnamese football history, having won a record 19 national titles, including a remarkable nine consecutive titles from 1971 to 1979. The club is widely supported and has produced many talented players who have represented the national team.

Viettel FC's team color is red, and they are often referred to as the "Red Tornado". They had a long-standing rivalry with Công an Hà Nội, a club managed by the Hanoi Police. However, the rivalry now exists between Viettel FC and Hanoi FC, and their matches are known as the "Hanoi Derby" or the "Vietnamese Clasico".

List of Turkey Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Turkey Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International since their first match in August 2019.

"Statistics are correct as of 18 July 2022."

Note: The following match includes one or more missing catchers in the Cricinfo scorecard and hence statistics (as of 30 August 2019):

Top Gear: Stunt School Revolution

Top Gear: Stunt School Revolution is a video game in the style of the TV show Top Gear, developed by BBC Worldwide Ltd. and Supersonic Software and published by BBC Worldwide Ltd. on June 14, 2012 on iOS, October 7, 2012 on Android and December 18, 2014 on Microsoft Windows and Windows Mobile. It is a sequel to the 2010 game Top Gear: Stunt School.

In 2018, together with , , and other games from BBC Worldwide Ltd. the game was removed from Google Play and App Store, and soon it stopped working at all on some Android and iOS devices.

Top Gear: Stunt School Revolution received mixed reviews from critics according to the aggregator website Metacritic. Critic David Ruddock from the Android Police website compares SSR with "the same bad hairstyle of Jeremy Clarkson", and also calls it "an unabashed pile of feces", noting that the management in it is terrible, some tricks are too simple, and some are too complicated. He also notes that trying a trick "trying a trick eats up a pass, which prevents you from playing the game for hours on end (unless you pay for additional passes), which can lead to an aneurysm, ulcer, or other stress-related illness," and that the usefulness of some parts of the car upgrade is inexplicable. Of the advantages, he notes the graphics, which, in his opinion, "is not bad for a modern mobile game."

6th Avenue Heartache

"6th Avenue Heartache" is a 1996 debut single from their second studio album "Bringing Down the Horse". It went to number 8 in Canada, number 33 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay chart and number 10 on the Billboard Mainstream Top 40 charts. The backing vocals feature Adam Duritz.



Hillbilly Bone (song)

"Hillbilly Bone" is a 2009 song by country singers Blake Shelton and Trace Adkins. It was taken from his 2009 EP "Hillbilly Bone". It went to number 40 in the United States and number 84 in Canada. It made number 1 on the country charts.

Jean Haudry

Jean Haudry (28 May 1934 – 23 May 2023) was a French linguist and Indo-Europeanist. Haudry was generally regarded as a distinguished linguist by other scholars, although he was also criticized for his political proximity with the far-right. Haudry's L'Indo-Européen, published in 1979, remains the reference introduction to the Proto-Indo-European language written in French. He died on 23 May 2023, five days before his 89th birthday.

Mary Ann Jackson

Mary Ann Jackson (January 14, 1923-December 17, 2003) was an American actress in the 1920s. She was a child actor during the silent movie era at the age of Two. She is also known for being a member of the Our Gang in the "Little Rascals" movie franchise.

Theloderma licin

The smooth-skinned warted tree frog or white-backed bug-eyed frog ("Theloderma licin") is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Malaysia, and Indonesia. Scientists found some 82 and 193 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 28.0 – 30.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 27.5 – 31.2 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is white-brown with darker spots and marks. The chin is brown. The iris of the eye is red in color.

Scientists named this frog "licin" from the Malay language word for "smooth." This is because the frog has smooth skin.

Tajuddin Ahmad

Tajuddin Ahmad (; (23 July 1925 – 3 November 1975) was the first Prime Minister of Bangladesh and one of the leaders of the freedom struggle . He served as the Prime Minister of Bangladesh during the Liberation War of Bangladesh in 1971 . Tajuddin Ahmad played an important role in the formation of the first government of Bangladesh during the liberation war, which is better known as " Mujibnagar Government ". After independence, he served as the Finance Minister of Bangladesh till 1974. After Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman's family was killed in 1975, he along with three other national leaders were imprisoned in the old Dhaka Central Jail . Old Dhaka Central JailHe was assassinated on November 3, 1975 while in custody.

Syed Nazrul Islam

Syed Nazrul Islam (;(18 February 1925 – 3 November 1975) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was the first interim president of Bangladesh . From 17 April to 10 January 1972, he served as the interim president of Bangladesh.
Syed Nazrul Islam is the most important man in the history of Bangladesh, under whose direct leadership the helpless Bangladesh government in 1971 freed Bangladesh from the hands of Pakistan by conducting a nine-month armed liberation war . This event gave Bengali ethnicity a chance to make a proud resurgence before the world.

Nawabganj Upazila, Dhaka

Nawabganj () is an upazila of Dhaka district of Bangladesh . 
Nawabganj Upazila is an Upazila under Dhaka District. Ichamati river , Kaliganga river and Padma river flow over this upazila . Nawabganj Upazila is located 35 km southwest of Dhaka city. Its location coordinates: 23.67° North Latitude - 90.17° East Longitude. Singair Upazila of Manikganj District to the North , Dohar Upazila to the South, Keraniganj Upazila to the East , Sirajdikhan Upazila and Srinagar Upazila of Munshiganj District , Harirampur Upazila of Manikganj District and Manikganj Sadar Upazila to the West .

There is no written history about the naming of Nawabganj. But there is a popular legend - during the Nawab period, the Nawabs and their subordinates and soldiers used to travel to Dhaka by boat from Murshidabad through the Ichamati river in Nawabganj. They used to pitch their tents and rest in this area along the banks of the Ichamati. At one point the servants of the Nawab started living in this area for the purpose of collecting rent. In this way, the population gradually increased in this area and the city was built. As a result, this area became known as Nawabganj from Nawabi period.

Vasylivka

Vasylivka is a city in Zaporizhzhia oblast (province) in southern Ukraine.

Russian soldiers have control of the city (as of 2023's second quarter).


Division of Cooper

The Division of Cooper is an Australian electoral division in Melbourne. It was created in 2019, replacing the Division of Batman.

Alabama Crimson Tide men's basketball

The Alabama Crimson Tide men's basketball team is an American college basketball team. The team plays for the University of Alabama. The team plays in Division I of the NCAA. It plays in the Southeastern Conference (SEC). As of 2023, the team has been in the NCAA tournament 23 times. In 2003, the team was ranked number one in NCAA Division I for a short time. The team is coached by Nate Oats.

Alabama has been in the NCAA Tournament 24 times. It has reached the Sweet Sixteen nine times. It reached the Elite Eight in 2004. Alabama has an overall NCAA Tournament record of 25 wins and 24 losses.
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Vacated by the NCAA

Division of Clark

The Division of Clark is an Australian electoral division in Hobart. It was created in 2019, replacing the Division of Denison.

UCLA Bruins men's basketball

The UCLA Bruins men's basketball team is an American college basketball team. The team plays for the University of California, Los Angeles. The team plays in Division I of the NCAA. The team is in the Pac-12 Conference. The team was made in 1919. As of 2023, it has won 11 NCAA Championships. The Bruins won 10 NCAA Championships from 1964 to 1975. During this time, the team was coached by John Wooden. UCLA will join the Big Ten Conference in 2024.

Division of Hawke

The Division of Hawke is an Australian electoral division in Victoria. It was created in 2022.

Division of Macnamara

The Division of Macnamara is an Australian electoral division in Melbourne. It was created in 2019, replacing the Division of Melbourne Ports.

Division of Nicholls

The Division of Nicholls is an Australian electoral division in Victoria. It was created in 2019, replacing the Division of Murray.

Sander

Sander (formerly known as Stizostedion) is a genus of predatory ray-finned fish in the family Percidae. They are also known as pike-perches.

The species have elongated and laterally compressed bodies and they range in total length from 45 cm (18 in) in the Volga pikeperch ("S. volgensis") to 130 cm (51 in) in the zander ("S. lucioperca").

The five species are:


Slam dunk

A slam dunk (also called a dunk) is a type of move in basketball. It is done when a player jumps in the air and puts the ball into the basket with their hands. It is worth two points. The move was known as the "dunk shot" until Chick Hearn used the words "slam dunk". Hearn was the announcer for the Los Angeles Lakers.

The slam dunk is shown in slam dunk contests, such as the NBA Slam Dunk Contest.

Division of Bean

The Division of Bean is an Australian electoral division in the Australian Capital Territory (ACT). It also includes Norfolk Island. It was created in 2019.

Division of Fenner

The Division of Fenner is an Australian electoral division in the Australian Capital Territory (ACT). It also includes the Jervis Bay Territory (JBT). It was created in 2016, replacing the Fraser (which was relocated to Melbourne).

Sinamia

Sinamia is an extinct genus of freshwater amiiform fish which existed in China, Japan, and possibly South Korea during the Early Cretaceous period.

"Sinamia liaoningensis" is a very large fish and has a much more podgy body form than the other species of the genus but still resembles the bowfin.

"Sinamia kukurihime" is very similar to the modern-day bowfin. A pyriform-shaped gular has been described for two isolated ossifications of "Sinamia kukurihime", whose outline resembles that of "K. phattharajani", except for the smooth posterior margin of the first.




Division of Fraser (Victoria)

The Division of Fraser is an Australian electoral division in Melbourne. It was created in 2016.

Woodend, New Zealand

Woodend is a town in the Waimakariri District, New Zealand. It is situated 25 kilometers north of Christchurch and 6.6 kilometers north of Kaiapoi, 6.3 kilometers east of Rangiora and is a walking distance from Peagsus. It has a primary school and has two beaches located near the town.

Falling to Pieces

"Falling to Pieces" is a 1990 song by Faith No More. It is the third single from their third studio album "The Real Thing". It went to number 16 in New Zealand, number 26 in Australia, number 41 in the United Kingdom and number 92 in the United States.

Disc one

Disc two

The Brixton Academy live tracks are different mixes to those found on the of the concert, most notably including the line "About the smack and crack and whack that hits the streets" on "We Care a Lot", which is mostly muted on the LP mix.

Hamilcar Barca

Hamilcar Barca or Barcas ( c. 275–228 BC) was a Carthaginian general. He was the father of Hannibal, Hasdrubal and Mago. He was also father-in-law to Hasdrubal the Fair.

Hamilcar commanded the Carthaginian land forces in Sicily from 247 BC to 241 BC, at the end of the First Punic War.

Dovlatov (movie)

Dovlatov () is a 2018 Russian Polish Serbian biographical drama movie directed by Aleksei German. It stars Milan Marić, Danila Kozlovsky, Anton Shagin, Svetlana Khodchenkova, Elena Lyadova and Piotr Gąsowski.


Oscar Gloukh

Oscar Gloukh (sometimes Gloch or Gluh, ; born ) is an Israeli professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club RB Salzburg and the Israel national team.

He started his career in the youth teams of Maccabi Sha'arayim. At the age of 6 he moved to Maccabi Tel Aviv. Gloukh made his professional debut with Maccabi on 8 August 2021 at the 1-1 draw against Hapoel Jerusalem at the Israeli Toto Cup.

On 11 April 2022 he also made his Israeli Premier League debut for the club at the 1-1 draw against Maccabi Haifa. There he scored his debut senior goal in the 28th minute.

On 27 January 2023 Gloukh signed a contract with Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg. The contract runs till June 2027. He made his debut on 26 February 2023 in a league match versus SV Ried. Gloukh scored his first goal in a away victory versus SK Austria Klagenfurt on 2 April 2023.

Gloukh played for the Israel under-19 team since 2021. He was in the team when they qualified qualification to the 2022 UEFA European Under-19 Championship. He scored 4 goals and made 2 assists, including a goal in the final against England which ended in a 1–3 defeat after extra time. Gloukh was named as one of the championship's best performers by ESPN. At this tornament he was in UEFA's team of the tournament., and his goal in the final won the goal of the tournament.

Gloukh also plays for the Israel under-21 team.. He made his debut on 2 June 2022, The team was qualified for the 2023 UEFA European Under-21 Championship.

On 17 November 2022 he made his debut for the national team . He came in in the 59th minute in a friendly match against Zambia. On 20 November 2022 he was in the starting team versus Cyprus. Gloukh scored his first goal for the senior national team.

Red Bull Salzburg


Dead Ringer for Love

"Dead Ringer for Love" is a 1981 song by Meat Loaf featuring Cher. It was the leading single from his second studio album "Dead Ringer". It went to number 2 in Ireland, number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 16 in Sweden, number 17 in Spain, number 39 in the Netherlands and number 65 in Australia. It was included on Meat Loaf's album "Hits out of Hell" and Cher's 1992 greatest hits album "".

Soul Kitchen (song)

"Soul Kitchen" is a 1967 song by The Doors. It is the second track from their debut studio album "The Doors". Lead singer Jim Morrison plays tribute to the soul food restaurant Olivia's at Venice Beach, California. It was included on their 1970 live album "Absolutely Live".

Virtual assistant

A virtual assistant (VA) is a software agent that can perform various tasks or services for users based on their input, including commands or questions. These assistants often use chatbot technology to simulate human conversation, allowing users to interact with them through online chat or voice. Virtual assistants can interpret user speech and respond using synthesized voices.

Users can ask virtual assistants questions, control smart home devices, manage tasks like email and calendars, and perform other basic functions through verbal commands. Popular virtual assistants for consumers include Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana, and Google Assistant. Many companies also use virtual assistant technology to enhance customer service or support.

The advancement of artificial intelligence, particularly in chatbot technology like ChatGPT, has expanded the capabilities and interest in virtual assistant products and services.

Move (company)

Move, Inc., headquartered in Santa Clara, California, is a leading real estate listing company.

Founded in 1993 as InfoTouch Corporation in Delaware, Move is now based in Santa Clara and operates Move.com and Realtor.com.

The company owns ListHub, a platform for listing syndication and reporting. Additionally, Move operates Avail (acquired in 2020), Doorsteps.com (acquired in 2013), Moving.com, Relocation.com, and UpNest (acquired in 2022).

Tracey Fellows served as acting CEO of Move and Realtor.com in 2019, followed by David Doctorow taking on the role of CEO in 2020. In 2022, Bryan Ellis assumed the position of chief revenue officer, while Arthur Chapin became the chief growth officer.

Art Agnos

Arthur Christ Agnos (born Arthouros Agnos; September 1, 1938) is an American Democratic politician. He was the 39th mayor of San Francisco, California from 1988 to 1992. He was the Regional Head of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development from 1993 to 2001. 

On December 13, 1973, Agnos was shot twice in the chest at point-blank range. He said he lost a year of his life to recuperation. This was one attack of the Zebra murders and attempted murders in the city from October 1973 to April 1974.

Peter Mrozik

Peter Bobáň Mrozik (April 9, 1967 - June 28, 1994) was a Slovak-born American ice hockey player.

Mrozik was born on April 9, 1967, in Terchova, today a part of Slovakia. The Mrozik family immigrated to the United States during the Prague Spring. The family resided in New Haven, Connecticut.

Peter Mrozik grew up playing ice hockey in New Haven and Hartford. In the late 1980s, he moved to California to join the California Hawks in the semi-professional Pacific Southwest Hockey League.

At the start of the 1990-91 season, Mrozik returned to his native Czechoslovakia to sign a professional contract with TJ Slavia Ekonom Bratislava, competing in the 2nd tier hockey league. However, Mrozik failed to make an impact, appearing in only seven matches, and scoring a single goal before being released.

Mrozik resumed his hockey career in 1992, signing a contract with the Estonian team Keemik Kohtla-Jarve. Mrozik played for Keemik in the last two seasons of his hockey career, 1992-93 and 1993-94, each time finishing third in the standings.

Peter Mrozik died in a car crash in Los Angeles, California on June 28, 1994.

Georgia Bulldogs basketball

The Georgia Bulldogs basketball team is an American college basketball team. The team plays for the University of Georgia. The team plays in Division I of the NCAA. The team plays in the Southeastern Conference (SEC).

The Bulldogs have been in the NCAA tournament 12 times. Their combined record is 7 wins and 12 losses. However, their games in 1985 and 2002 have been vacated by the NCAA. This makes their official record 5 wins and 10 losses.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Vacated by the NCAA

Arkansas Razorbacks men's basketball

The Arkansas Razorbacks men's basketball team is an American college basketball team. The team plays for the University of Arkansas. The team plays in Division I of the NCAA. The team plays in the Southeastern Conference (SEC). As of 2023, the Razorbacks have been in the NCAA Final Four six times. They were in the Final Four in 1941, 1945, 1978, 1990, 1994, and 1995.

The Razorbacks have been in the NCAA tournament 35 times. Their combined record is 50 wins and 35 losses. They were National Champions in 1994.

Auburn Tigers men's basketball

The Auburn Tigers men's basketball team is an American college basketball team. The team plays for Auburn University. The team plays in Division I of the NCAA. The team plays in the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team started playing in 1906. As of 2023, it is coached by Bruce Pearl. Many good players have been on the Auburn Tigers men's basketball team, such as Charles Barkley.

Auburn has been in the NCAA tournament 12 times. Their combined record is 19 wins and 12 losses.

Ramazonbek Temirov

Ramazonbek Temirov (uzb: Ramazonbek Temirov Yuldosh ugli, ру Рамазонбек Темиров, born January 31, 1997, Karshi city, Kashkadarya region, Uzbekistan) is an Uzbek mixed martial arts fighter. He competes in the featherweight and flyweight division. Since 2006, he has been engaged in hand-to-hand combat and karate In 2017 he became the Asian champion in hand-to-hand combat and a prize-winner of international hand-to-hand combat competitions. He is one of MMA athlete of Buka Boxing.

Temirov has been performing at the professional level since 2015. He made his debut in Tyumen, Russia as part of the Emperor Fighting Championship 10 tournament. Saikhan Elmurzaev was the opponent and won. At the moment, he has fought 15 fights, of which he won 13 and lost 2. He took part in tournaments of such promotions as Gorilla Fighting Championships, LFC, Octagon League and Muradov Professional League. He met in duels with such rivals as: Bulls Tsu, Talgat Zhumagaliev and Daniel Conceicao.In 2023, Temirov signed a contract with the Japanese (Rizin Fighting Federation)

Cornelius Adam Igbudu

Cornelius Adam Igbudu (1914-1981) simply known as Adam Igbudu was the founding evangelist of the Anglican Adam Preaching Society (A.A.P.S), an evangelical group in the Nigerian Anglican Church.

In 1992, Professor Michael Y. Nabofa wrote a book about his life titled: "Adam: The Evangelist".
In May 1998, Professor Sam U. Erivwo wrote that Cornelius Adam Igbudu was held "in very high regard" by Bishop Agori Iwe, his contemporary.
In August 2022, Linus Edeigba also wrote a book about his life.
Today, the origin of several existing Nigerian independent churches, such as God's Grace Ministry led by D. D. Mimeyeraye (now known as D. D. Miyerijesu) and New Glory Revival Ministry led by S. U. Ayanyen, has been traced to the evangelistic ministry of Cornelius Adam Igbudu in the Nigerian Anglican Church.

In recognition of his evangelistic achievements in the Nigerian Anglican Church, Cornelius Adam Igbudu was promoted to the status of a saint and a church was named after him (St. Adam's Anglican Church at Oghio in the Olomu area of Delta State). A secondary school in Araya (Adam Igbudu Memorial Secondary School) was named after him, including a bible school in Emevor (Adam Igbudu Christian Institute).
The Anglican Adam Preaching Society (A.A.P.S) has not ended along with Cornelius Adam Igbudu in 1981. In fact, it has expanded over the years and, according to Professor Sam U. Erivwo, through this movement the Urhobo, the Isoko and the Itsekiri witnessed (and is still witnessing) unusual revival.

According to Professor Amos Utuama, the Isoko nation has long been evangelized, noting that as far back as 1950, they had a great Evangelist in the person of late Cornelius Adam Igbudu.
He was credited with healing ability.

He was said to have "visited church after church winning converts and strengthening believers".
He was also said to have had a disagreement with a prominent Nigerian Isoko cleric, Archbishop Christian Aggrey Apena, whom he accused of "disturbing his ministry" in the Nigerian Anglican Church.

He was also said to have "left unbeatable legacies in the Christian race in Isoko".

Archbishop Cyril Odutemu was born on 2 May 1972 at a crusade ground during the evangelical exploits of the late popular evangelist, Cornelius Adam Igbudu.

On 30 October 2023, Cornelius Adam Igbudu's contribution to the spread of Christianity in Nigeria was again recognized and he was also described as "Isoko's greatest evangelist".

Vasylivka Raion

Vasylivka Raion is one of the five raions (districts) of Zaporizhzhia oblast in southern Ukraine. The administrative center of the district is the town of Vasylivka. Population: 

Vasylivka Raion is occupied by Russian soldiers (as of 2023).

North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball

The North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball team is an American college basketball team. The team plays for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The team plays in Division I of the NCAA. The team plays in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). As of 2023, the Tar Heels have won six NCAA championships. They won in 1957, 1982, 1993, 2005, 2009, and 2017. They have been to the Final Four more than any other college basketball team. They have been to the Final Four twenty one times.

2022 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament

The 2022 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament was a single-elimination college basketball tournament. There were 68 teams in it. The tournament was for National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I men's college basketball. The winner of it was the national champion for the 2021–22 college basketball season. The tournament started on March 15, 2022. It ended on April 4. The championship game was between the Kansas Jayhawks and North Carolina Tar Heels. The Jayhawks won against the Tar Heels by three points (72–69). This was the fourth time the Jayhawks won the national championship.

Araya

Araya is a village in the Isoko South Local Government Area of Delta State, Nigeria.

Fryshuset

 

Fryshuset is a Swedish community service organization. It is a school and business. It helps all young people to make the world better through their interests. Fryshuset leads activities for young people in four areas: School, Youth Culture, Work & Business starting, and Example & Faith in the Future. Fryshuset helps all young people. It focuses mostly on those who live by themselves.

Fryshuset started in the fall of 1984 in a worn-out freezer warehouse in Norra Hammarbyhamnen in Stockholm. The passionate Anders Carlberg was tasked by YMCA Söder to find a room that could function as a basketball hall and gather all the children and young people in Söder who wanted to play basketball. The old freezer warehouse was empty and they began to renovate and build a sports hall.

https://fryshuset.se/verksamhet/tillsammans-for-sverige/in-english/
Charles's law

Charles's Law is a basic law in physics and chemistry. It describes the relationship between the temperature and volume of a gas, if the pressure and amount of gas do not change. It is also known as the Law of Charles and Gay-Lussac or the Law of Volumes.

According to Charles's Law, the volume of a gas is directly proportional to its temperature when measured at a constant pressure. In other words, as the temperature of a gas increases, its volume increases, and as the temperature decreases, its volume decreases. This relationship can be written mathematically as:

V₁ / T₁ = V₂ / T₂

where V₁ and T₁ are the initial volume and temperature, and V₂ and T₂ are the final volume and temperature.

Charles's Law assumes that the pressure and amount of gas do not change. In reality, pressure can influence the behavior of gases, so the ideal gas law, which uses all three variables (pressure, volume, and temperature), often describes gas behavior more accurately.

Charles's Law is particularly useful in applications involving the expansion or contraction of gases due to temperature changes, such as in gas thermometers or the behavior of gases in various engineering processes.

2023 Arnheuser-Busch boycott

In 2023, several people began to boycott Arnheuser-Busch beers, mainly Bud Light. Arnheuser-Bush is among the biggest breweries in the world, and Bud/Bud Light is very popular in the United States. As a result, the issue is also called Bud Light fiasco. Arnheuser-Bush wanted to attract younger people. They ran an advertising campaign featuring Dylan Mulvaney. Mulvaney is a transgender woman and a transgender activist. 

During a festival, known as the March Madness, Mulvaney starred in an advertisement for Bud Light. Many conservatives were against the video. One of them was the singer Kid Rock, who also triggered a boycott. As a result, the sales of Bud light fell between 11 and 26 percent. The sale of all Arnheuser-Busch brands fell around 1%.

Sarutahiko Shrine

Sarutahiko Shrine is a shinto shrine in Ise, Mie. It is a beppyo shrine and a Hokora in the modern system of ranked shinto shrines.

Fly Like an Eagle (song)

"Fly Like an Eagle" is a 1976 song by Steve Miller Band and is the title track from their ninth studio album of the same name. It went to number 2 in both Canada and the United States and number 21 in the Netherlands.

In 1996, Seal covered "Fly Like an Eagle" for the 1996 movie "Space Jam". It went to number 2 in Canada, number 10 in the United States, number 13 in the United Kingdom, number 18 in Iceland, number 20 in Scotland, number 29 in New Zealand and number 38 in Switzerland.

Division of Bass (state)

The Division of Bass is one of the five multi-member electorates in the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It is named after George Bass.

It is located in the state's northeast and includes Flinders Island. The city of Launceston is mostly in Bass. It shares the same boundaries as the federal Division of Bass, which only has one member.

Division of Braddon (state)

The Division of Braddon (named Darwin until 1955) is one of the five multi-member electorates in the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It is named after Sir Edward Braddon.

It is located in the state's west and includes King Island. The cities of Devonport and Burnie are in Braddon. It shares the same boundaries as the federal Division of Braddon, which only has one member.

Division of Clark (state)

The Division of Clark (named Denison until 2018) is one of the five multi-member electorates in the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It is named after Andrew Inglis Clark.

Clark includes most of the city of Hobart, including the inner-city parts of the city. It shares the same boundaries as the federal Division of Clark, which only has one member.

Division of Franklin (state)

The Division of Franklin is one of the five multi-member electorates in the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It is named after Sir John Franklin.

It is located in the state's south and includes Bruny Island. It includes some outer suburbs of Hobart. It shares the same boundaries as the federal Division of Franklin, which only has one member.

Division of Lyons (state)

The Division of Lyons is one of the five multi-member electorates in the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It is named after Sir Joseph Lyons and his wife, Dame Enid Lyons.

It is located in the state's central and east. A few outer suburbs of Launceston are in Lyons. It shares the same boundaries as the federal Division of Lyons, which only has one member.

Brindabella electorate

Brindabella is one of the five multi-member electorates in the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. It is named after the Brindabella Range. It is the largest of the five electorates.

Ginninderra electorate

Ginninderra is one of the five multi-member electorates in the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. It is named after Ginninderra Creek.

Florida Gators men's basketball

The Florida Gators men's basketball team is an American college basketball team. The team plays for the University of Florida. The team plays in Division I of the NCAA. The team plays in the Southeastern Conference (SEC).

Florida has been in the NCAA tournament 22 times. Their combined record is 48 wins and 20 losses. However, their appearances in 1987 and 1988 have been vacated by the NCAA. This makes their official record 45 wins and 18 losses. They were NCAA National Champions in 2006 and 2007.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Vacated by the NCAA

Kurrajong electorate

Kurrajong is one of the five multi-member electorates in the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. It is named after the original name for Capital Hill, which was called Kurrajong Hill by the early settlers.

Murrumbidgee electorate

Murrumbidgee is one of the five multi-member electorates in the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. It is named after the Murrumbidgee River.

Yerrabi electorate

Yerrabi is one of the five multi-member electorates in the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. It is named after Yerrabi Pond.

Molonglo electorate

Molonglo was one of the three original multi-member electorates in the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly.

It was abolished in 2016, when it was mainly replaced by Kurrajong.

Easy Lover

"Easy Lover" is a 1984 song by Philip Bailey and Phil Collins. It was taken from Bailey's album "Chinese Wall". It went to number 1 in Canada, Ireland, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, number 2 in New Zealand and the United States, number 5 in Finland and Germany, number 6 in South Africa, number 8 in Switzerland, number 10 in Sweden, number 11 in Spain, number 14 in France and number 21 in Austria and Italy. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1986.

Ball and Chain (Elton John song)

"Ball and Chain" is a 1982 song by Elton John. It is the third track from his 16th studio album "Jump Up!". It features Pete Townshend from The Who playing on acoustic guitar.

You Wear It Well

"You Wear It Well" is a 1972 song by Rod Stewart and was taken from his fourth studio album "Never a Dull Moment". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, number 2 in Ireland, number 4 in New Zealand, number 7 in Canada, number 13 in Australia and the United States, number 19 in South Africa and number 35 in Germany. It was covered by The Black Crowes in 2022 for their EP "1972".

Theloderma baibengense

The Baibung small tree frog ("Theloderma baibengense") is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Malaysia, and Indonesia. Scientists found some 82 and 193 meters above sea level.

Shooting guard

Shooting Guard is a position in basketball. Here is a list of all of the best shooting Guards in the NBA, past and present. (By order of worst to best) 

https://syndication.bleacherreport.com/amp/2222903-br-nba-legends-100-ranking-the-greatest-shooting-guards-of-all-time.amp.html 

Gail Goodrich, Eddie Jones, Alvin Robertson, Jeff Hornacek, Joe Dumars, Bill Sharman, Manu Ginobili, Vince Carter, Tracy McGrady, Sidney Moncrief, Reggie Miller, Ray Allen, George Gervin, Allen Iverson, Clyde Drexler, Dwyane Wade, Kobe Bryant, Stephen Curry, Michael Jordan.

Nice 'n' Sleazy

"Nice 'n' Sleazy" is a 1978 song by English rock band The Stranglers. It is the second track from their third studio album "Black and White". It went to number 18 in the United Kingdom.

Ironton, Missouri

Ironton is the county seat of Iron County, Missouri, United States.

Edina, Missouri

Edina is the county seat of Knox County, Missouri, United States.

Bizen-no-Kuni Sōjagū

Bizen-no-Kuni Sōjagū (備前国総社宮) is a Shinto shrine in Naka-ku, Okayama, Okayama Prefecture. It is a sōja shrine, so it worships all of the gods of the Bizen Province. This is designed to make it easier for the governor of the province to worship all of the gods of the province.

On the morning of February 16, 1992, the shrine burned due to arson. The inner shrine (honden) was rebuilt in 2010, and the outer shrine (haiden) was rebuilt in 2015.


Kitaoka Shrine

Kitaoka Shrine is a Shinto shrine located in Kumamoto. It is a Soja shrine. This means all the kami of Higo Province are present there so the governor can conveniently worship all of them.

The shrine has a 1000 year old camphor tree on it.

Tsuma Shrine

Tsuma Shrine is a Soja shrine in Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan. It is a soja shrine, which means it enshrines all the kami of Hyūga Province so the governor could visit all of them easily.

Love Me (Bee Gees song)

"Love Me" is a 1976 song by the Bee Gees. It was the seventh track from their 14th studio album "Children of the World".

In 1976, Yvonne Elliman released a version of "Love Me". It went to number 3 in New Zealand and South Africa, number 6 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Ireland, number 11 in Canada, number 14 in the United States, number 15 in the Netherlands and number 16 in Australia.

In 1999, Martine McCutcheon covered "Love Me" for the 1999 BBC Children in Need and for her debut studio album "You Me & Us". It was released with its A-side "Talking in Your Sleep". It went to number 6 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Scotland and number 26 in Ireland.


Anton Brosenbauer

Anton Brosenbauer (11 April 1909 in Vienna,- 6 January 1992 in Vienna) was an Austrian footballer. He played as forward mainly for First Vienna FC. He also played in the Austrian national football team.
He started his career with Brigittenauer AC. From the 1927/28 season on he played in their first team. Because the club had financial problems and was in danger of relegation, he was sold to Vienna in the winter of 1928. For Vienna he played till 1935. A torn ligament in the second round of the 1935/36 season put a premature end to his career. In 1937 he tried a comeback with FC Wien but played only a few games.
He played 4 matches for the Austrian national football team between 1930 and 1933. His first match was on 
23 March 1930 in a draw versus Czechoslovakia. He played his last match on 11 June 1933 in a 4-1 homewin versus Belgium.

Georg Waitz (Austrian footballer)

Georg Waitz (23 January 1909 – March 1993) was an Austrian soccer player. He played for different teams in Vienna. He also played for the Austrian national football team during the Wunderteam era.
Waitz was promoted in the 1927–28 season with SC Nicholson in the first division. In the following years Nicholson was able to stay in the league after the renaming of FC Wien. Waitz was one of the constants in the line-up. In September 1930 he scored four goals in a league game in an 8-0 against Wiener AC.

In 1934 Georg Waitz left his regular club and moved to Wiener AC, where he did not even play for a full season. During the spring round he joined the second division club 1. Favoritner FC Vorwärts 06 and returned to FC Wien in early 1936. In 1937 he finally accepted an offer from the French professional league and played for RC Lens for a season.
He played one match for the Austrian national football team on 17 July 1932 versus Sweden.

DNA origami

DNA origami is the folding of DNA to create tiny two- and three-dimensional shapes. The base pairs make DNA a useful construction material. DNA is a well-understood material which can hold other molecules in place or to create structures all on its own.

Applications are in biomedical, environment, electronics, and in understanding fundamental scientific concepts and mechanisms. Notable applications include: 


Roman Opałka

Roman Opałka (27 August 1931 – 6 August 2011) was a Polish painter. He was born in France. The style of art he made is called Conceptual art. He died at age 79 after falling ill while on holiday in Italy.

In 1965, in his studio in Warsaw, Opałka began painting numbers from one to infinity. He painted these numbers in small lines, starting at the top-left of the canvas. This project became his life's work. He used it to represent time itself. 

The final number he painted was 5,607,249.

Opałka participated in many important international exhibitions. These included Documenta in Kassel, Germany, in 1977; the São Paulo Bienal in 1987; and the Venice Biennale, in 1995, 2003, 2011 and 2013.

Wood flooring

Wood flooring is a type of covering made from timber, used for either structural or decorative purposes. Wood is a popular material for flooring due to its variety in styles, colors, cuts, and species. While bamboo flooring is often grouped with wood flooring, it's actually made from bamboo, not timber.

Different types of finishes can be used on wood flooring. These include polyurethane, natural substances like shellac and varnishes, and oils. Some floors are also made smooth with brushing and oiling. Older wood floors usually need a process called buffing every few years to keep them smooth. This doesn't apply to floors made in factories. If wood floors get too old or worn, they may need to be refinished. This involves a process called sanding to make them smooth and look new again. In the past, floors were scraped to bring out fresh wood, but this can leave scratches. Now, we have machines to do this job more neatly.

Ohio Art Company

The Ohio Art Company is an American company that makes toys. It was made in 1908. The company is based in Bryan, Ohio. It sells, advertises and distributes toys. The company also makes metal lithography products for many things, such as food tins, boxes, DVD cases, and signs.

Tondo

Tondo was a historical country in the Philippines, it was close to the modern "Manila Metro". It had an area of 45.9 Square Miles. It was occupied by Spain, though as a part of the Viceroyalty of New Spain.

Governorate of Cuba

The Governorate of Cuba, as suggested by its name, was located in Cuba. It was a part of the Kingdom of Castile, but when Spain united, it became a part of the famous Spanish Empire. organized in 1510 by the recently restored Viceroy of the Indies, Diego Colón, under the command of Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar, who became Cuba's first governor until his death in 1524.

Yamato Okunitama

They appear in the Nihon Shoki. They used to be worshipped in the Imperial palace. But Emperor Sujin was disturbed by the presence of both Yamato Okunitama and Amaterasu Omikami at his palace, and promoted Amaterasu over him. This may be why Amaterasu is the main kami in Shinto today.

Tar pit

Decayed organic matter is in the ground as well as soil and clay. Under pressure, the organic matter can change to oil. The crude oil seeps upward through fractures, or porous sedimentary rock layers. It may form a pool at the surface. 

The lighter parts of the crude oil evaporate into the atmosphere. That leaves behind behind a black, sticky asphalt. Tar pits are often dug into because they contain many fossils.

There are not many tar pits in the world, because they only form in these circumstances. The lighter elements in the crude oil evaporate. This makes sticky tar. The sticky tar may trap animals. Their distress calls are irresistible to the predators which follow them.

There are five natural asphalt lakes in Kern County, California. The La Brea Tar Pits are a registered National Natural Landmark. The Salt Lake and South Salt Lake oil fields are connected to La Brea. They are about 20/30 miles away to the northwest.





Yamazaki Ansai

Yamazaki Ansai was a Japanese philosopher. He was one of the people who helped create Confucian Shinto. He used to be a Buddhist monk before leaving to become a philosopher.

Nettavisen

Nettavisen is an online newspaper from Norway. It was launched in 1996. It was the country's first online-only newspaper. The current editor is Gunnar Stavrum. In 2015, it became one of the most popular news websites in Norway.

The newspaper was made by Odd Harald Hauge, Stig Eide Sivertsen, and Knut Ivar Skeid. It was first called ""Nettavisen"" in Norwegian. In 1999, it was bought by Spray Sweden. Spray Sweden later became part of Lycos Europe. The founders of "Nettavisen" also helped launch a site called Netzeitung.

In 2002, "Nettavisen" was bought by TV 2. TV 2 sold the newspaper in 2008. They did this because they didn't have enough money. Since 2009, "Nettavisen" has been owned by Egmont and Amedia.

"Nettavisen" is part of the media company Mediehuset Nettavisen. It has been owned by them since 2008. In 2014, the company had 39.7% yearly income growth. It is the second most visited news website on mobile in Norway.

"Nettavisen" is known for being somewhat right-of-center politically. It is considered the only large national newspaper in Norway. It expanded in 2017 by launching editions in Polish, Arabic, Russian, and Somali. In the same year, Amedia bought Nettavisen.


Duality (song)

"Duality" is a song by Slipknot. Slipknot is an American heavy metal band. The song was released as a single in 2004. It is on the band's third album, "". It was the first single from the album. The song has a music video.

The song was number 15 on the UK Singles Chart. It was number 6 on the "Billboard" Alternative Airplay chart. It went on music charts in other countries, such as France, Belgium, Italy and the Netherlands. The British Phonographic Industry (BPI) gave the song a platinum certification.

User Account Control

User Account Control (UAC) is a feature in some Windows computers that helps protect a computer from harmful programs. It does this by asking for permission before letting a program do something that could change or damage the computer. For example, when installing a new game or changing some settings, a UAC window will pop up and ask you if you are sure you want to do that. This way, you can avoid accidentally letting a bad program mess up your computer.

UAC can be set up to need an administrator’s approval before letting a program do something that could change or damage the computer. An administrator is someone who has more power and control over the computer than a regular user. For example, your parents might be administrators on your computer, but you might not be. If UAC is configured to need admin approval, it will ask you to enter an administrator’s password or click on an administrator’s name before letting you proceed. This way, only people who have the right to make changes to your computer can do so.

Pedometer

A pedometer is an electronic device for counting the steps of its user.

Leonardo da Vinci thought that the pedometer would intend for military purposes. 

Tunji Bello

Tunji Bello is a Journalist, a lawyer, environment activist and political scientist, and he was born July 1,1961. He just finished is term as the Commissioner for Environment and Water Resources under the Babajide Sanwo-Olu Administration in Lagos State on May, 2023 and He is from Lagos state in Nigeria.

He  has a university certificate from the University of Ibadan where he studied Political Science and graduated in 1984..In 1987,he studied further and got a Masters certificate in international law and diplomacy from University of Lagos. In 2000, he got another degree in Law from the university of Lagos.

Soviet dissidents

Soviet dissidents were people who disagreed with some or all of Soviet ideology and who were willing to speak out against them. The term "dissident" was used in the Soviet Union from the mid-1960s until the fall of communism. These people were mostly intellectuals. They challenged the Soviet regime in various ways. They were encouraged by foreign journalists but often prosecuted or silenced by the government.

Theloderma lateriticum

The brick-red bug-eyed frog ("Theloderma lateriticum") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam and China. People have seen it 1130 meters above sea level.

Johann Ostermann

Johann Ostermann (29 April 1911 – 29 March 1968) was an Austrian footballer. He played mainly for SK Rapid Wien. He also played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1933.

He started his career at SC Wacker Wien. In 1932, Johann Ostermann went to the top club SK Rapid Wien. After being twice runner-up he won the championship in the 1934–35 season with Rapid. Ostermann scored 10 goals. Rapid did not lose a game in this season.

After five seasons in Hütteldorf, Ostermann moved to SC Austro Fiat Wien in the second division. With the Floridsdorfern he was promoted in 1938 to the first league. He then ended his career at the second-class SC Gaswerk Wien.

Ostermann played one match on 30 April 1933 for the Austrian national football team. He scored Austria's goal in a 1–1 draw against Hungary.

Karl Daxbacher

Karl Daxbacher (born 15 April 1953) is an Austrian football manager and a former player. He played for FK Austria Wien and the Austrian national football team as midfielder.

Daxbacher started his career at the ASV Statzendorf, a town near St. Pölten in Lower Austria at the age of 15. After having played for Kremser SC for one season, he moved to FK Austria Wien in 1971. During the next 14 years he played 393 national and 40 international games for this team. In 1985 he went back to Kremser SC . There he ended his active career in 1986.

Daxbacher began his coaching career at ASV Statzendorf, his first club as player. Kremser SC, SV Würmla, SV Horn and SKN St. Pölten were the next teams he managed. In 2002 he came to the Austria Amateurs which he led to the first division. After he was fired he went to LASK. He led them to the Bundesliga. After a year in the Bundesliga with LASK, Daxbacher returned to FK Austria Wien for the 2008/2009 season. In 2011 he was fired. After Wudi Müller in the 1970s, he was the longest-serving Austria coach in the last 40 years.

On 12 June 2012, Daxbacher announced his return to LASK. After failing in the 2013 relegation, LASK managed to win the 2014 relegation. With promotion to the first division, the contract with Karl Daxbacher was automatically extended by another year. In 2015 he was fired. In June 2015 he took over the second division club SKN St. Pölten as a coach. With St. Pölten he was promoted to the Bundesliga in the 2015/16 season. After a 1:5 home defeat against Red Bull Salzburg, those responsible put Daxbacher on leave at the end of October 2016

In January 2017 he succeeded Thomas Grumser at the second division club FC Wacker Innsbruck. With Innsbruck he was promoted to the Bundesliga in 2018. In March 2019 Innsbruck separated from Daxbacher. They were in tenth place at the time.


Giuseppe Maria Buonaparte

"Nobile" Giuseppe Maria Buonaparte or Giuseppe Maria di Buonaparte (31 May 1713 – 13 December 1763) was a Corsican politician, best known as the paternal grandfather of Napoleon I of France.

He was the son of Sebastiano Nicola Buonaparte (1683–1720) and his wife Maria Anna Tusoli (1690–1760).

In 1749, Giuseppe was the Delegate who represented the City of Ajaccio in the Council of Corte.

On 5 March 1741 at Ajaccio, Giuseppe married his first wife "Nobile" Maria Saveria Paravicini (born 7 September 1715 at Ajaccio, died before 1750). She was a daughter of two "Nobile", Giuseppe Maria Paravicini and Anna Maria Salineri. Both her parents were members of the nobility of the Republic of Genoa. They had at least four children:


Maria predeceased her husband, and he married secondly Maria Virginia Alata (born 5 February 1725), a daughter of Domenico Alata. This marriage was probably childless.

Tsunami (Manic Street Preachers song)

"Tsunami" is a 1999 song by Welsh rock band Manic Street Preachers and is the fourth and final single from their fifth studio album "This Is My Truth Tell Me Yours". It went to number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 12 in Scotland, number 13 in Finland and number 24 in Ireland.

All music was composed by James Dean Bradfield and Sean Moore except where indicated. All were lyrics written by Nick Jones except where indicated.

UK CD1

UK CD2

UK cassette single

Theloderma pyaukkya

The Burmese camouflaged tree frog, Burmese warty tree frog or Burmese bug-eyed frog ("Theloderma pyaukkya") is a frog. It lives in China and western Myanmar.

The adult male frog is about 28.0 to 31.5 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is creamy or white in color. There are dark brown marks near its eyes. The toes of the front feet are red in color with tiny gold marks.

Scientists named this frog "pyaukkya" after the Burmese language word for "camouflage." This is because the frog's colors make it hard to see.

Vermont Route 9

Vermont Route 9 (VT 9) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Vermont. The highway's west end is at New York State Route 7 (NY 7) at the New York state line near Bennington. Its east end is at New Hampshire Route 9 (NH 9) at the New Hampshire state line in Brattleboro. The highway is long. The highway also meets three major north–south routes: U.S. Route 7 (US 7) in Bennington and Interstate 91 (I-91) and US 5 in Brattleboro.

South Carolina Gamecocks men's basketball

The South Carolina Gamecocks men's basketball team is an American college basketball team. The team plays for the University of South Carolina. The team plays in Division I of the NCAA. The team plays in the Southeastern Conference (SEC). In 2017, the Gamecocks went to the Final Four. As of 2023, the team's coach is Lamont Paris.

The Gamecocks have been in the NCAA tournament nine times. Their combined record is 8 wins and 10 losses.

UConn Huskies men's basketball

The UConn Huskies men's basketball team is an American college basketball team. The team plays for the University of Connecticut. The team plays in Division I of the NCAA. The team plays in the Big East Conference. As of 2023, the Huskies have won the NCAA tournament five times. They won in 1999, 2004, 2011, 2014 and 2023. Many players in the NBA have been on the team, such as Kemba Walker, Ray Allen, Rudy Gay, and Jeremy Lamb.

The Huskies have been in the NCAA tournament 36 times. Their combined record is 65 wins and 32 losses. They have been to six Final Fours. They have been National Champions five times (1999, 2004, 2011, 2014, 2023).

Nordic cross flag

A Nordic cross flag is a style of a flag that has a cross placed to the left of the center of the flag. Many flags have Nordic crosses on them, such as the flags of Iceland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Finland. The Nordic cross is a symbol for Christianity. The first country to use it was Denmark. Denmark used it in the 14th century.

Selsoviet

Seloviet, a portmanteau of the Russian words "selo" (meaning "village") and "soviet" (meaning "council"), refers to a distinct model of local governance in Russia. Seloviet is characterized by its grassroots democratic structure, where rural communities actively participate in decision-making processes, ensuring local autonomy and representation. 

Polohy Raion

Polohy Raion is one of the five raions (districts) of Zaporizhzhia oblast in southern Ukraine. The administrative center of the district is the town of Polohy.

Polohy Raion is occupied by Russian soldiers (as of 2023).

Cities

Urban-type settlements

Villages



Eirin

The , also known as , is Japan's self-regulatory film regulator. Eirin was established on the model of the now-defunct American Motion Picture Producers and Distributors Association's Production Code Administration in June 1949, succeeding the US-led occupation authorities' role of film censorship during the Occupation of Japan. It classifies films into one of four categories depending on their suitability for viewing by minors of different ages.

City of federal subject significance

City of Oblast Significance

Overview 

In Russia, a city of oblast significance holds a significant administrative status within a federal subject. These cities serve as regional centers, providing administrative, cultural, economic, and social functions. This article aims to provide a comprehensive overview of cities of oblast significance in Russia, including their definition, role as federal subjects, governing authorities, and hierarchical structure.

Definition and Role:

A city of oblast significance is a municipal entity that holds the status of a city within a particular oblast (region) in Russia. This designation signifies its significance as a regional center and distinguishes it from other types of municipalities. Cities of oblast significance play a vital role in the overall governance and development of their respective regions.

Federal Subject:

Each city of oblast significance is part of a federal subject, which can be a republic, krai, oblast, or an autonomous okrug. The federal subject represents a higher level of administrative division in Russia. The city of oblast significance acts as the administrative, economic, and cultural hub of its federal subject.

Governance and Governing Authority:

The governance of a city of oblast significance is carried out by local authorities, including the city administration and local council. The city administration, led by the mayor or governor, oversees the day-to-day operations, implementation of policies, and provision of public services within the city. The local council, composed of elected representatives, acts as a legislative body, making decisions and enacting local regulations.

Hierarchy and Administrative Divisions:

Cities of oblast significance can be further divided into administrative districts or city districts, depending on their size and population. These districts serve as sub-municipal divisions within the city and are headed by district administrators or mayors. The administrative divisions ensure effective governance and facilitate the delivery of services at the local level.

In terms of hierarchy, cities of oblast significance are considered higher in administrative status compared to other types of municipalities, such as urban and rural settlements. They have greater autonomy, larger populations, and more comprehensive infrastructural, cultural, and economic facilities.

Significance and Functions:

Cities of oblast significance act as regional centers, providing a wide range of functions and services. They serve as key economic hubs, attracting investments, hosting major industries, and facilitating trade and commerce. These cities often house important administrative institutions, educational and healthcare facilities, cultural centers, transportation hubs, and infrastructure.

Furthermore, cities of oblast significance play a crucial role in regional development, coordinating and implementing regional policies, initiatives, and projects. They serve as focal points for cultural and social activities, hosting events, festivals, and exhibitions that promote local heritage and traditions.

Conclusion:

Cities of oblast significance hold a prominent status within their respective federal subjects in Russia. As regional centers, they play a vital role in governance, economic development, and cultural activities. With their administrative authority, these cities contribute to the overall progress and well-being of their regions, ensuring effective local governance and enhancing the quality of life for their residents.

Svatove Raion

Svatove Raion is one of the eight raions (districts) of Luhansk oblast in eastern Ukraine. The administrative center of the district is the city of Svatove.

Svatove Raion is occupied by Russian soldiers (as of 2023).

Cyril Odutemu

Cyril Odutemu (born 2 May 1972) is a Nigerian Anglican religious figure who is the Bishop of Ughelli and Archbishop of Bendel.

Archbishop Odutemu was born on 2 May 1972 at a crusade ground during the evangelical exploits of the late popular evangelist, Cornelius Adam Igbudu.


Lake Anosy

Lake Anosy ("Lac Anosy" in French) is a man-made lake, also known as a reservoir, in Madagascar. It is in Antananarivo, the capital city of Madagascar. It is in southern Antananarivo and has a small island in the middle with a monument and statue on it. The monument and statue commemorate those who died during World War 1.

Lake Anosy used to be a swamp but it was replaced in 1830.

Volnovakha Raion

Volnovakha Raion is a raion (district) in Donetsk oblast in eastern Ukraine. The administrative center of the district is Volnovakha.

Russian soldiers are occupying part of the district (as of 2023). The Battle of Vuhledar is still going on (as of 2023).



Tight Connection to My Heart (Has Anybody Seen My Love)

"Tight Connection to My Heart (Has Anybody Seen My Love)" is a 1985 song by Bob Dylan. It was taken from his 23rd studio album "Empire Burlesque". It went to number 8 in New Zealand, number 38 in Belgium and number 71 in Canada. The music video was filmed in Tokyo and featuring actress Mitsuko Baisho.

Ja Morant

Temetrius Jamel "Ja" Morant (born August 10, 1999) is an American basketball player. He plays for the Memphis Grizzlies. This is a team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for Murray State University. In 2019, he was an All-American college basketball player.

Morant was picked by the Grizzlies in the 2019 NBA draft. He was picked second in the draft. He was the NBA Rookie of the Year in 2020. In 2022, Morant was in the NBA All-Star Game, and was put on the All-NBA Team.

Deaths in May 1998

The following is a list of notable deaths in May 1998.

Entries for each day are listed alphabetically by surname. A typical entry lists information in the following sequence:
































FM (No Static at All)

"FM (No Static at All)" is a 1978 song by Steely Dan and is the title track the 1978 movie "FM". It went to number 1 in Spain, number 19 in Canada and New Zealand, number 22 in the United States, number 49 in the United Kingdom and number 87 in Australia. It won a Grammy Award for Best Engineered Recording, Non-Classical in 1979.

School Days (Chuck Berry song)

"School Days" (also known as "School Day (Ring! Ring! Goes the Bell)") is a rock and roll song by Chuck Berry. It was taken from his debut studio album "After School Session". It went to number 5 in the United States, number 1 on the R&B chart and number 24 in the United Kingdom. The song lyrics were featured in the 1987 movie "Hail! Hail! Rock 'n' Roll".

Amazing Cultivation Simulator

Amazing Cultivation Simulator (了不起的修仙模拟器) is a Chinese indie Wuxia construction video game developed by GSQ Games and published by Gamera Game. It was first released in Chinese in 2019. It was fully released on November 25, 2020. It was released in English in late 2021. It is similar to Rimworld and Dwarf Fortress and involves Taoist and Buddhist philosophy. Its systems have been described as very well made and complex.


Anglo-Mysore Wars

The Anglo-Mysore wars were the four wars fought between Sultanate of Mysore and the British East India Company, Maratha Empire, Nizam of Hyderabad and Kingdom of Travancore combined. The Four wars were fought with Mysore by the company. 

The first Anglo-Mysore war (1767-69) and the second Anglo-Mysore war (1780-84) were won by the Sultanate of Mysore. 

In the third Anglo-Mysore war (1790-92), Haider Ali and Tipu Sultan were attacked by the combined forces of Marathas, the Nizam of Hyderabad and the company, Tipu was forced to sign a treaty with the British by which two of his sons were taken away as hostages. 

The fourth Anglo-Mysore War (1798 – 1799) saw the death of Tipu Sultan and further reductions in Mysorean territory. This was the last battle in which the company ultimately win a victory. After, Mysore was placed under the former ruling dynasty of the Wodeyars and the subsidiary alliance was imposed on the state.

Jarawa

The tribes of the Andaman Islands – the Jarawa, Great Andamanese, Onge and Sentinelese – are believed to have lived in their Indian Ocean home for up to 55,000 years.

They are now vastly outnumbered by several hundred thousand Indians, who have settled on the islands in recent decades.

Today, approximately 400 members of the nomadic Jarawa tribe live in groups of 40-50 people in chaddhas – as they call their homes.

Like most tribal peoples who live self-sufficiently on their ancestral lands, the Jarawa continue to thrive, and their numbers are steadily growing.

They hunt pig and turtle and fish with bows and arrows in the coral-fringed reefs for crabs and fish, including striped catfish-eel and the toothed pony fish. They also gather fruits, wild roots, tubers and honey. The bows are made from the chooi wood, which does not grow throughout the Jarawa territory. The Jarawa often have to travel long distances to Baratang Island to collect it.

Both Jarawa men and women collect wild honey from lofty trees. During the honey collection the members of the group will sing songs to express their delight. The honey-collector will chew the sap of leaves of a bee-repellant plant, such as Ooyekwalin, which they will then spray with their mouths at the bees to keep them away. Once the bees have gone the Jarawa can cut the bee’s nest, which they will put in a wooden bucket on their back. The Jarawa always bathe after consuming honey.A study of their nutrition and health found their ‘nutritional status’ was ‘optimal’. They have detailed knowledge of more than 150 plant and 350 animal species.

To Cut a Long Story Short

"To Cut a Long Story Short" is a 1980 debut single from English new wave band Spandau Ballet and was taken from their debut studio album "Journeys to Glory". It went to number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Ireland, number 15 in Australia, number 19 in Spain and number 38 in New Zealand.


Pratihar

Pratihara, or Pratihar is a clan of Gurjar ethnic group of Pakistan and India. In Gujarat and Maharashtra they're also known as the Parihar Gujjars. They are primarily found in the Indian states of Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, and Uttarakhand, with a few in Pakistani Punjab. They ruled and established the Gurjar Pratihara dynasty of medieval India from 550 CE up until 1050 CE.
This Gurjar clan appears under several names, including Pratihara, Pratihar, Padhyar, Parihara, and Parihar.

Thendral Vandhu Ennai Thodum

Thendral Vanthu Ennai Thodum (The Breeze Will Come And Touch Me) is a TV show from India in the Tamil language. It is shown on Star Vijay channel and can be streamed on Disney+ Hotstar. The story is about two main characters named Abhinaya and Vetri.

In the first part of the show, Abhinaya is a traditional girl who follows her customs and traditions. She meets Vetri, who is a rebellious person and doesn't understand the importance of traditions and marriage. During an argument at a temple, Vetri unexpectedly ties a sacred thread called "thali" around Abhinaya's neck. The story follows their journey as they try to overcome their differences and discover love.

The second part takes place six years later. Vetri has been in prison for a crime he committed. When he is released, he tries to find Abhinaya but learns that she has moved far away and had an abortion, ending their unborn child's life. Two years pass, and Abhinaya has become an important government official, while Vetri has become a notorious troublemaker due to his grief over their child's fate. However, Abhinaya actually didn't abort the child, and she is determined to keep Vetri away from their daughter Sudar. The story focuses on how Sudar brings her parents back together.

There was a smart woman named Abhinaya who liked to follow her family's customs. One day, she met a rough guy named Vetri who didn't understand how important it was to follow the proper rules for getting married. Abhinaya helped a couple get married in a temple, and that's when a fortune teller came and said that Abhinaya would marry a troublemaker, even if she didn't believe it.

Abhinaya was trying to help a couple who got married secretly. While they were arguing, Vetri got angry and put a special necklace called a thaali around Abhinaya's neck. He felt sorry for it later, though. Abhinaya's father and Vetri were upset when they forced her to go live in a poor area as a newlywed, even though she was surprised and sad about it. Vetri didn't listen when Abhinaya tried to explain the meaning of love to him. But Abhinaya discovered the truth about Vetri and why he changed so suddenly. She also found out that her friend Radha secretly loved Vetri.

As time went on, Vetri and Abhinaya went through many ups and downs that brought them closer together. Vetri even said that he liked Abhinaya when she was taken away. But they were not allowed to enter their house. However, Vetri's other family members agreed to let them live on the terrace next to the house. Will Vetri and Abhinaya be accepted as a couple and live together? That's the big question. The rest of the story is about whether they can solve their problems and be together.

Abhi and Vetri were apart for a long time, but now they meet each other again. Something called destiny gives them another opportunity to be together. Will the same things that happened before happen again?

In Andhra Pradesh, Abhi is now a collector, whereas Vetri was recently let out of prison after serving his time. When he is released from prison, he wants to visit Abhi and his daughter but learns that Abhi has moved away and that his daughter was aborted. As a result, Vetri adopts new negative habits and returns to his previous brash behaviour.

After a big fight with a powerful person in Andhra Pradesh, a person named Abhi is transferred by the government back to Kanchipuram. In Kanchipuram, it is discovered that Abhi did not end the life of her child named Sudar, who is still alive. Meanwhile, a person named Vetri becomes a troublemaker in his hometown of Kanchipuram. One day, a riot breaks out at a temple and Abhi orders Vetri to open it, but Vetri disobeys. After 8 years, Abhi learns about the riot and tries to stop it. This leads to Abhi having Vetri arrested, but Vetri is released on bail with the help of Kanmani, a girl whom Vetri educated to become a lawyer and who has feelings for Vetri. After the legal case is resolved, Vetri challenges Abhi to defeat him, while another person named Nandhini wants to confess to Abhi that she killed someone named Bhavani. However, Vetri interrupts and tells Nandhini to leave.

Paramu is planning to have Vetri killed because Vetri killed Paramu's twin brother, Bhavani. Paramu sends his gang to attack Vetri, but Sudar warns Vetri about the danger. Vetri fights off the gang members, but Sudar gets hurt in the process. Despite the injury, Vetri appreciates Sudar a lot and starts treating her like a very important person in his life. They spend a lot of time together and become very close, without realizing that Vetri is Sudar's father and Sudar is Vetri's daughter. Sudar also helps Vetri quit his bad habits of smoking and drinking, and he becomes a better person because of her.

In the second part of the story, Sudar works to bring Vetri and Abhi back together. This is the main focus of the story's second part.




In the promo video, Vetri who argued with a couple who were running away to get married at a temple. Vetri said their love marriage wasn't valid and tried to take the thali off the woman's neck. Then, Abhinaya came and stopped him. She got angry and slapped him. In his anger, Vetri took the thali from a goddess named Amman and put it on Abhinaya's neck. He said, "Just tying a yellow rope is enough. Now I will be your husband. I've also put a Bindi on your forehead. Go away!" Many people, including feminists, have watched this scene and criticized it a lot.

There was a crossover with from 15 November 2021 to 27 November 2021.


Pibrac

Pibrac is a commune of 8,523 people (2020). It is in Occitanie in the Haute-Garonne department in southwest France. It is a suburb of the city of Toulouse.

Pokrovsk Raion

Pokrovsk Raion is one of the eight raions (districts) of Donetsk oblast in eastern Ukraine. The administrative center of the district is Pokrovsk.

The Battle of Marinka is going on (as of 2023). The city of Marinka is in Pokrovsk Raion.



Trident Media Guard

Trident Media Guard (TMG) is a French company based in Saint-Sébastien-sur-Loire near Nantes. Founded in 2002 by Alain Guislain and Bastien Casalta, TMG specializes in software designed to prevent unauthorized file copying over the Internet. The company aims to provide services to major publishing companies in the recording and film industry, helping them combat revenue loss from illegal downloads on peer-to-peer networks.

TMG works in collaboration with various entities, including Canal Plus, LFP, France Télévisions, and the music and film industry. It was selected in 2010 to address copyright infringements on the Internet as part of the HADOPI law, which involved identifying IP addresses of users engaged in illegal downloading and reporting the information to HADOPI.

The company gained attention in 2011 when a server security breach exposed personal data and processing scripts. As a result, TMG underwent audits by CNIL, HADOPI, and HSC, and experienced a disruption in communication with HADOPI. The conclusions of these audits were not publicly disclosed.

TMG, along with Thierry Lhermitte, received the Special Mention prize Orwell Internet at the Big Brother Awards 2010, recognizing their efforts in protecting online rights.

Wisembach

Wisembach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Web Sheriff

Web Sheriff is a UK-based anti-piracy company that specializes in providing services to protect intellectual property, copyright, and privacy rights. Founded in 2000 by John Giacobbi, an intellectual property lawyer, the company operates with two offices in the UK.

Web Sheriff monitors various websites that host links to unauthorized downloads of music and films. It sends legal take-down notices to BitTorrent and other file-sharing sites in order to combat copyright infringement. The company is known for its “soft sell” approach in the anti-piracy industry, focusing on building relationships and using phone calls to address unauthorized links.

Web Sheriff offers a range of copy protection services, including copyright infringement protection, libel prevention, cyber-bullying mitigation, privacy issues related to social media, policing of trading sites, recovery of fraudulently registered domain names, and online security for concert tours. It utilizes proprietary software and web crawler programs to search the internet and employs human auditing to determine the nature of sites hosting copyrighted material.

In its history, Web Sheriff has worked with notable clients such as Prince, Bryan Adams, and Axl Rose. The company was hired by Prince to protect his copyrights and remove unauthorized photos, videos, and music from platforms like YouTube, eBay, and The Pirate Bay. It successfully took down infringing content and shut down unauthorized merchandise-selling sites.

The A Team (song)

"The A Team" is a 2011 debut single by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran and is the lead single from his debut album "+". It went to the top 10 in Australia, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Scotland and the United Kingdom and peaked at number 16 in the United States. It deals with a prostitute addicted to drugs and homelessness. The song was nominated for an Grammy Award in 2013.

"The A Team" is a folk song.

ComplyAdvantage

ComplyAdvantage is a company based in London. It was founded in 2014. They specialize in providing software and solutions to help businesses detect and manage risks related to money laundering and fraud. The company uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to help regulated organizations in meeting their compliance duties and fighting financial crime. 

ComplyAdvantage got great funding. They have expanded its services globally. It offers many solutions. These include AML onboarding and monitoring, transaction monitoring, payment screening, and screening for politically exposed persons and adverse media. The company has also formed partnerships with other industry players to enhance its offerings. ComplyAdvantage has been known for its achievements and has received awards for its regulatory technology solutions.

Living DNA

Living DNA is a UK-based company that specializes in DNA testing and analysis. They provide detailed ancestry information using a unique analysis process and linked DNA. The company conducts three types of DNA analyses: autosomal, Y-chromosome, and mitochondrial. Living DNA is known for its comprehensive ethnic breakdowns for regions around the world. While they do not offer genealogical services, they provide insights into a person's origins and migration patterns. Living DNA was founded in 2016 and has partnered with Findmypast to offer extensive family history research. It is important to be aware of privacy concerns associated with DNA data shared online.

Bakhmut Raion

Bakhmut Raion is one of the eight raions (districts) of Donetsk oblast in eastern Ukraine.

Russian soldiers are occupying part of the district (as of 2023's second quarter). The Battle of Bakhmut is still going on (as of 2023).


Cities

Towns

Villages 

Rural_settlements


Broken template (as of 2023-06-09), 

The Real Slim Shady

"The Real Slim Shady" is a 2000 song by the American rapper Eminem and is the lead single from his third studio album "The Marshall Mathers LP". "The Real Slim Shady" became his first chart-topper in the UK and peaked at number four on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The song topped the single charts in Iceland, Ireland and Scotland. It went to the top 10 in Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Romania, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland. It won for 2 MTV Video Music Awards in 2000 and won for an Grammy Award in 2001.

Hochfelden

Hochfelden can mean:

Hochfelden, Bas-Rhin

Hochfelden is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2017, the former commune of Schaffhouse-sur-Zorn became a part of Hochfelden.

Schaffhouse-sur-Zorn

Schaffhouse-sur-Zorn is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2017, it became a part of the commune of Hochfelden.

Mariupol Raion

Mariupol Raion is one of the eight raions (districts) of Donetsk oblast in eastern Ukraine.

Russian soldiers are occupying the district (as of 2023).



Hochstett

Hochstett is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hœnheim

Hœnheim (also known as Hoenheim) is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hœrdt

Hœrdt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hoffen

Hoffen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. In 1975, it is made from the former communes of Hermerswiller and Leiterswiller.

Hohengœft

Hohengœft is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hohatzenheim

Hohatzenheim is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Wingersheim-les-Quatre-Bans.

Wingersheim-les-Quatre-Bans

Wingersheim-les-Quatre-Bans is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Wingersheim (the seat), Gingsheim, Hohatzenheim and Mittelhausen.

Mittelhausen, Bas-Rhin

Mittelhausen is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Wingersheim-les-Quatre-Bans.

Wingersheim

Wingersheim is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Wingersheim-les-Quatre-Bans.

Hohfrankenheim

Hohfrankenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Le Hohwald

Le Hohwald is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Jhumpa Lahiri

Jhumpa Lahiri byname of Nilanjana Sudeshna Lahiri, (born July 11, 1967, London, England), English-born American novelist and short-story writer. Her works illuminate the immigrant experience, in particular that of East Indians. She is an American author known for her short stories, novels and essays in English, and more recently, in Italian. Her debut collection of short-stories “Interpreter of Maladies” won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the PEN/Hemingway Award, and her first novel, “The Namesake” was adapted into a popular movie. 

Deacon Blues

"Deacon Blues" is a 1978 song by Steely Dan and is taken from their sixth studio album "Aja" (1977). It went to number 14 in Canada and number 19 in the United States. It did not chart in Australia, New Zealand and the United Kingdom.

Crazy Little Thing Called Love

"Crazy Little Thing Called Love" is a 1979 song by Queen and is taken from their eighth studio album "The Game" (1980). It went to number 1 in Australia, Canada, the Netherlands and the United States, number 2 in Ireland, New Zealand and the United Kingdom, number 3 in Belgium and South Africa, number 5 in Switzerland, number 8 in Norway, number 9 in Austria and number 13 in Germany. It has been covered by Dwight Yoakam.

University Health Network

University Health Network (UHN) is a group of hospitals in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It does research and teaches people about health. It is the biggest health research group in Canada. It got the most money for research in Canada. From 2015 to 2022, it was the best research hospital in Canada.

The group has three main hospitals. These are Toronto General Hospital, Toronto Western Hospital, and Princess Margaret Cancer Centre. It also has a place for people to get better after they are sick or hurt, called the Toronto Rehabilitation Institute. And it has a school, called The Michener Institute, where people learn about health sciences and leadership. In the year from 2019 to 2020, over 39,000 people stayed in the hospital. Almost 121,000 people went to the hospital for emergencies.

The UHN started from many hospitals joining together over time. In 1986, Toronto Western Hospital and Toronto General Hospital became one hospital, called The Toronto Hospital. In 1998, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre joined this hospital. In 1999, the hospital got the name University Health Network. In 2011, the Toronto Rehabilitation Institute joined. This helped patients get better after they were sick or hurt. All four hospitals work with the University of Toronto. They help teach doctors, nurses, and other healthcare workers. In 2016, The Michener Institute joined the UHN. This school was first made in 1958. It was the first part of the UHN that wasn't a hospital.

UHN and another group, called Sinai Health System, work together on a program. This program helps patients get the right antibiotics. It also fights against diseases becoming resistant to antibiotics. The program is led by a doctor who specializes in infectious diseases. His name is Andrew Morris. He started the program in 2009.

During the COVID-19 pandemic, UHN got a grant of $323,981. The grant was from the Public Health Agency of Canada's Immunization Partnership Fund. This money was to help personal support workers and their patients get the COVID-19 vaccine.

Love Me Again (song)

"Love Me Again" is a 2013 song by English singer John Newman and is the lead single from his debut studio album "Tribute". It topped the single charts in Greece and the United Kingdom. It went to the top 10 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Italy, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Spain and Switzerland and peaked at number 30 in the United States. It was used on the soundtrack of the video game "FIFA 14".

Edgars Rinkēvičs

Edgars Rinkēvičs (born 21 September 1973) is a Latvian public official and politician who is the President of Latvia since 8 July 2023. He has been the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Latvia from 2011 to 2023. He is the first openly gay head of state in a European Union country.

Donetsk Raion

Donetsk Raion is a prospective raion (district) in Donetsk oblast in eastern Ukraine.

Russian soldiers are occupying most of the district (as of 2023). 



Holtzheim

Holtzheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hunspach

Hunspach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hurtigheim

Hurtigheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Huttendorf

Huttendorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Huttenheim

Huttenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bent (song)

"Bent" is a 2000 song by Matchbox Twenty. It is the leading single from their second studio album "Mad Season". It went to number 1 in the United States and Canada, number 19 in Australia and number 20 in New Zealand.

US CD single

UK and Australian CD single

European CD single

Theloderma palliatum

The cloaked moss frog or cloaked bug-eyed frog ("Theloderma palliatum") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam. People have seen it above 1500 meters above sea level in Lam Dong Province and 1800 meters above sea level in Dak Lak Province.

The adult male frog is about 26 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog about 29 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is brown like copper in color with other brown markings. There are small white marks on the back feet. The iris of the eye is gold in color on top and reddish-brown in color lower down. The color of the iris is the same as the color of the skin next to it.

Scientists named this frog "palliatus" because that is the Latin word for "cloaked" or "in disguise." They did this because the frog can change the skin of its back to hide itself.

Dreamer (Supertramp song)

"Dreamer" is a 1974 song by English rock band Supertramp. It was taken from their third studio album "Crime of the Century". It went to number 13 in the United Kingdom, number 34 in New Zealand, number 47 in Australia and number 75 in Canada. The 1980 live version topped the charts in Canada and made number 15 in the United States.

Side one
Side two

Side one
Side two

Side one
Side two

I Want a New Drug

"I Want a New Drug" is a 1984 song by Huey Lewis and the News. It is the second single from their third studio album "Sports". It went to number 6 in Canada and the United States, number 10 in New Zealand and number 27 in Australia and Germany. It did not chart in the United Kingdom or Ireland.







Rikki Don't Lose That Number

"Rikki Don't Lose That Number" is a 1974 song by Steely Dan and is the opening track from their third studio album "Pretzel Logic". It is the group's most successful career and went to number 3 in Canada, number 4 in the United States and number 30 in Australia. It was covered by Tom Robinson in 1984 and went to number 58 in the United Kingdom.

2023 Odisha train collision

A train crash took place on 2 June 2023 when 10-12 coaches of the Shalimar-Chennai Coromandel Express and 3-4 coaches of another train from Yeswanthpur to Howrah derailed near Balasore in Balasore district in Odisha, India.
On 4 June, railway minister Ashwini Vaishnaw said that the root cause of the train collision had been identified. First findings show that an electronic signal that didn't work as it should might have caused the accident, or contributed to it.

Prime minister Narendra Modi tweeted condolences to the families and also spoke about this with railway minister Ashwini Vaishnav.

Banat

Banat (, ; ; ) is a geographical and historical region in Central and Eastern Europe. It is a part of three countries. The eastern part is in western Romania, the western part of Banat is in northeastern Serbia, and a small northern part is in southeastern Hungary. The region is mostly populated by ethnic Romanians, Serbs and Hungarians.

Banat is the part of the Pannonian Basin with the Danube to the south, the Tisza to the west, the Mureș to the north and the Southern Carpathians to the east. Banat has an area of 28,526 km². Romanian Banat has an area of 18,966 km², Serbian Banat has an area of 9,276 km², and Hungary 284 km².

Romanian Banat is mountainous in the south and southeast. In the north, west and southwest it is flat and sometimes marshy.


Tikitere

Tikitere, also known as "Heel's Gate" is an outer suburb of Rotorua's most active geothermal area on State Highway 30, between Lake Rotorua and Lake Rotoiti in the Bay of Plenty. It has an area school located in the area.

Roland Linz

Roland Gunther Linz (born 9 August 1981) is an Austrian former professional footballer. He played as a forward. He played mainly for Austria Wien and the Austrian national football team.

Linz earned 39 caps for Austria, appearing for the nation at Euro 2008.

Roland Linz began his career as a junior player at DSV Leoben. In 1997 he moved to Germany for two years to the youth team of TSV 1860 Munich. He then returned to his home club in Leoben. At the age of 19 he became his club's top scorer in the second-class first division. After scoring 21 goals in the 2000/01 season he signed for FK Austria Wien in the Bundesliga. He scored 8 goals in his first year in the Bundesliga. In the 2002/03 season he won the championship and the ÖFB Cup with the Austria. He was used less and less by manager Christoph Daum and from the sixth round onwards had no more match over the full distance.

Linz was loaned to VfB Admira Wacker Mödling in the 2003/04 season. Then he was loaned to OGC Nizza. He returned to Austria in winter 2005, where he worked for SK Sturm Graz for the rest of the season. In the 2005/06 season, Linz played again as a striker for Wiener Austria, became Austria's top scorer and won the championship title and ÖFB Cup with the club. 

2007 the went to Boavista Porto in the Portuguese first division, where he scored ten goals in his first season. In August 2007 there he joined Sporting Braga. On January 30, 2009 he went on loan to the Swiss Grasshopper Club Zurich until the end of the 2008/09 season,[2] then to Gaziantepspor in Turkey. However, the contract was dissolved in January 2010.[3] On February 1, 2010, Linz signed a six-month contract with an option for three more years at FK Austria Wien. After he was only used very rarely at FK in 2012, the contract was dissolved. He moved to Thai club Muangthong United on January 10, 2013. In January 2014 Linz moved back to the Portuguese league to Belenenses Lisbon, where the contract ended on June 30, 2014.

Linz made his debut for Austria in a friendly match with Slovakia, a 2–0 win in Graz on 27 March 2002. He remained a regular until September 2007. He made a public outburst against Austrian Football Association president Friedrich Stickler. For the next 18 months, he was not called in the team.

Linz returned to the national side in time for UEFA Euro 2008 . He played two of Austria's matches during the tournament . He scored no goals.

Austria Wien

Individual


The Air Circus

The Air Circus is a 1928 American drama movie directed by Howard Hawks and starring Arthur Lake, Sue Carol, David Rollins, Louise Dresser. It is the first of Hawks's aviation movies and was distributed by Fox Film Corporation.


Tulln an der Donau

Tulln an der Donau is a town in the Austrian state of Lower Austria and is the capital of the Tulln District. About 16,200 people live there. It is one of the oldest towns in Austria.

Tropic of Cancer (movie)

Tropic of Cancer is a 1970 American drama movie directed by Joseph Strick and was based on the 1934 autobiographical novel "Tropic of Cancer" by Henry Miller. It stars Rip Torn, James T. Callahan, David Baur, Laurence Lignères, Phil Brown, Dominique Delpierre and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Ichtratzheim

Ichtratzheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

The Stranger (song)

"The Stranger" is a 1978 song by Billy Joel and is the title track from his fifth studio album of the same name. It went to number 2 in Japan, number 8 in New Zealand and number 59 in Australia and France. It was not released in the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada and Ireland.



Shortdorsal cutthroat eel

The shortdorsal cutthroat eel ("Synaphobranchus brevidorsalis") is a cutthroat eel in the family Synaphobranchidae described by Albert Günther in 1887. It dwells at a depth range of 900 to 3,000 metres (3,000 to 9,800 ft), most often between 1,000 to 2,500 metres (3,300 to 8,200 ft), and leads a benthic lifestyle, inhabiting the continental slope.

It is also known as the shortfin cutthroat eel, shortdorsal eel, or snake eel.

It resembles the other ones in the genus, but it is much larger.

It is a marine, deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the Indo-Pacific and western central Atlantic Ocean, including Zanzibar, Maldives, Australia, Japan, Suriname, and the Gulf of Mexico. The shortdorsal cutthroat eel lives in the benthopelagic, marine, depth range 900 - 3000 m , usually 1000 - 2500 m environment.



Health in the United States

Health in the United States is generally poor when compared with other rich countries. Since 1992 life expectancy increased very slowly and in 2020 and 2021 it fell from a high point of 79.1 years. This was partly because of the Covid epidemic but unlike in other countries it has continued to fall, and in 2022 it was 77.2 years. Public health policies are not popular. 

Drug overdoses, alcohol use, suicides, obesity, diabetes, and heart disease are all part of the cause. Native and Black Americans have on average much shorter lives than White Americans. It has the highest maternal and infant mortality, and one of the highest suicide rates in the world.

Although vaccination of children has been required since the 1850s rates of vaccination against Covid were 19th in the world in 2020.

Sexually transmitted diseases, especially gonorrhoea and chlamydia are common with about 19 million new infections each year. 

It has much the greatest health care spending, both per person and as a share of GDP (17.8% in 2021), in the world, but it is the only rich country that doesn’t have health care coverage for everyone.

Younger Now

Younger Now is the sixth studio album by Miley Cyrus. It was released on 29 September 2017 through RCA Records. It features guest appearance of Dolly Parton. It went to number 1 in Spain and the top 20 in Australia, Austria, Canada, Czech Republic, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Scotland, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.

All tracks are written by Miley Cyrus and Oren Yoel, except where noted.

Foot

Land vertebrates have feet. The organization of their feet varies. Two factors come into play: weight and lifestyle. 

1. Plantigrade: heavy animals usually put their heels down to support their weight.

2. Unguligrade: large animals with hooves. 

3. Digitigrade is usually reserved for lighter animals. It means to walk on the toes.

Most heavy animals walk on four legs. There are some exceptions. Some really heavy birds move or moved on two legs. Moas are one example and ostriches run very well on two legs. 

Birds generally are an example of the change from quadruped walk (originally as dinosaurs), to bipedalism. Humans are also examples of changes that started in arboreal apes. 

The study of such things is called "comparative foot morphology".

Oh Yeah (Yello song)

"Oh Yeah" is a 1985 song by Swiss electronic band Yello. It was taken from their fourth studio album "Stella". It went to number 8 in Australia, number 47 in Germany and number 51 in the United States. It was used in movies "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" and "The Secret of My Success". It has been in used in "The Simpsons".

Blue Kentucky Girl (song)

"Blue Kentucky Girl" is a 1965 song by country singer Loretta Lynn and is the title track from her fourth studio album "Blue Kentucky Girl". It went to number 7 on the Billboard Hot Country singles chart.

In 1979, Emmylou Harris covered "Blue Kentucky Girl" for her sixth studio album "Blue Kentucky Girl". It went to number 6 on the Billboard Hot Country singles chart. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1980.

Canadian Premier League

Canadian Premier League (CPL) is a Canadian soccer league that started in 2017. As of the current 2023 season, 8 teams play in the league. The commissioner of the league (the person in charge) is Mark Noonan.

The CPL is the highest level on the Canadian soccer league system. The CPL was formed on May 26, 2017 as a professional league by the Canadian Soccer Association. 

The CPL regular season starts in April and ends in October, with each team playing 28 games. The playoffs are made up of the top four teams in the regular season.


Bardejov

Bardejov (; ; ) is a town in northeastern Slovakia. About 32,000 people live there. It has been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2000.

Bardejov is twinned with:



Montemarciano

Montemarciano is a "comune" in the Province of Ancona in the Marche region in Italy.

Montemarciano is twinned with:


Quincy-sous-Sénart

Quincy-sous-Sénart is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.


Sinj

Sinj is a town in Split-Dalmatia County, Croatia. In 2011, 24,826 people lived there.

Love Me Tender (song)

"Love Me Tender" is a 1956 song by Elvis Presley and is taken from the 1956 movie of the same name. It went number 1 in Canada and the United States, number 6 in Australia, number 10 in Austria and number 11 in the United Kingdom. It has been covered by numerous artists after its release.

Kaštela

Kaštela is a city in Split-Dalmatia County, Croatia. In 2021, 37,794 people lived there. It is on the central Dalmatian coast, between Trogir and Split.

Gorlice

Gorlice is a city in Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southeastern Poland. About 29,500 people live there.

Jasło

Jasło is a town in Subcarpathian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2012, 36,641 people lived there.

Suzdal

Suzdal () is a town in Vladimir Oblast, Russia. In 2021, 9,286 people lived there.

Don't Know Why

"Don't Know Why" is a 2002 debut single by Norah Jones and is the leading single from her debut studio album "Come Away with Me". It went to number 30 in the United States, number 63 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Australia, number 6 in Croatia and number 24 in New Zealand. It won three Grammy Awards in 2003.

UK CD single

Dutch CD single

French CD single

Australian CD single

UK CD single (2003)

Nadine (song)

"Nadine" also know as Nadine (Is That You?) is a 1964 song by Chuck Berry. It was his first single following his release from prison in October 1963. It went to number 23 in the United States and number 27 in the United Kingdom. It has been recorded by numerous artists over the years.

Piano Man (song)

"Piano Man" is a 1973 song by Billy Joel. It is the title track from his second studio album "Piano Man". It went to number 10 in Canada, number 14 in New Zealand, number 20 in Australia, number 25 in the United States, number 56 in the Netherlands and number 83 in Ireland.


Hellamaa, Hiiu County

Hellamaa is a village in Pühalepa Parish Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Ingenheim

Ingenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ingolsheim

Ingolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ingwiller

Ingwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Dirty Work (Steely Dan song)

"Dirty Work" is a 1972 song by Steely Dan. It is the second track from their debut studio album "Can't Buy a Thrill". It was included on their greatest hits albums "Citizen Steely Dan" (1993), "" (2000) and "" (2006)

Karan Singh (giant)

Karan Singh (13 June 2007) is an Indian giant and second the tallest person in the world measuring as of January 1st, 2024.

Since birth, Karan has been breaking multiple records. When he was born, he already weighed 10 kilograms. At age 2 , he was tall, the average height for a 14 year old. In kindergarten, he was tall. His very tall genes were caused by gigantism along with his tall parents, his mother, Shweatlana Singh, standing at around and his dad, Sanjay Singh, standing at , being the same height when Karan was just 12 years old.

Steve Cash

Stephen Douglas Cash (May 5 1946 - October 13 2019) was an American musician. He is known for making the rock band The Ozark Mountain Daredevils.

OFC Champions League

The OFC Champions League also known as O-League is the premier men's club football competition in Oceania. It is organized by the OFC, the official governing body of Oceania. It was called the Oceania Club Championship (1987-2006) and then from 2007 onward it used its current format.
Ben Roberts-Smith

Benjamin Roberts-Smith is a retired Australian soldier who won a medal called the Victoria Cross for Australia in 2011, which is the highest award that any Australian military soldier can receive. He has been described as Australia's most decorated soldier. 

Several Australian newspapers, including The Age, the Sydney Morning Herald and The Canberra Times, claimed that Roberts-Smith had committed different war crimes. In August 2018 Roberts-Smith sued these newspapers for defamation, saying that he didn't commit the war crimes. In June 2023, Roberts-Smith lost his law suit, as he was unable to prove that defamation had occurred.

Wonderful, Wonderful (Johnny Mathis album)

Wonderful, Wonderful is a 1957 studio album by Johnny Mathis. It was released on 8 July, 1957 through Columbia Records and went to number 4 in the United States.



In My Head (Jason Derulo song)

"In My Head" is a 2009 song by American singer Jason Derulo and is the second single from his self-titled debut studio album. It topped the single charts in Australia, Poland and the United Kingdom. It went to the top 10 in Canada, Germany, Ireland, Israel, New Zealand, Norway and the United States.

Take You Dancing

"Take You Dancing" is a 2020 song by American singer Jason Derulo. It topped the single charts in Hungary and Romania. It went to the top 10 in Australia, Belgium, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Israel, Norway, Poland, Slovenia and the United Kingdom and missed the top 50 in the United States.

2011 Estonian census

The 2011 Population and Housing Census (PHC 2011) ( ("REL 2011")). was a census that was carried out during 31 December 2011 – 31 March 2012 in Estonia by Statistics Estonia.

The total actual population recorded was 1,294,455 persons.


Roman Kienast

Roman Kienast (born 29 March 1984) is a former Austrian professional footballer. He played as striker for different clubs in Austria and Norway. He also played for the Austrian national football team.

Kienast joined the youth team of Rapid Wien at the age of 14. He debuted in the club's first team in 2002. In the next two seasons he played 24 matches in the Austrian Bundesliga but he did not score a goal. In 2004 he went on loan to SC Rheindorf Altach in the Austrian Football First League (Austria's second highest professional league). After scoring four goals in six games and was called back by Rapid. In 21 appearances for the Vienna side he scored his first goal in the Bundesliga. Rapid won the title.

Just before the start of the 2006 season, Kienast came to the Norwegian club Hamarkameratene (Ham-Kam) on loan. He played well during the first spring games, and Ham-Kam decided to buy him. However, he could not prevent the team from going down that season. In the next season, Ham-Kam got promoted back to the Norwegian Premier League, with Kienast playing an integral part in the campaign by scoring 14 goals.

After relegation in the meantime, he managed to return to the first-class Tippeligaen with his club at the end of 2007. He himself scored 14 league goals. 30 Julyb 2008b Kienast signed on loan for Helsingborgs IF for four months. Then he went back and played for Ham-Kam until his contract expired in 2009 in the second highest Norwegian league.

On January 19, 2010, Roman Kienast moved back to Austria. He moved to SK Sturm Graz. In the 2010/2011 season he scored 19 goals in the championship and thus played a key role in winning the championship. In January 2012 he moved to FK Austria Wien. move from Kienast to Wiener Austria. In the 2013/2014 season he scored the decisive goal to qualify for the group stage of the Champions League, in which he scored Austria Wien's first goal in Champions League history in a 1-1 draw against FC Porto.

In January 2015, Roman Kienast returned to SK Sturm Graz. He signed a contract until 2017. He left Sturm after the 2016/17 season. In September 2017 he moved to the Swiss second division club FC Wil. After the contract ended he returned to Austria. There he played for the 2nd league club SC Wiener Neustadt.After the relegation from Wiener Neustadt he went to the regional league (3rd tier) club SV Stripping for the 2019/20 season. He ended his career with the lower-class amateur teams SC Lockenhaus-Rattersdorf in Burgenland and DSG Milord BLANCO-trainCo in Vienna. Beside that, Kienast was also appointed manager of First Vienna FC's U-18 squad on 14 June 2021.

Kienast made 11 appearances for the Austria national team. He scored one goal on 27 May in a 1–0 goal win Nigeria in a friendly. After that game coach Josef Hickersberger chose him in the final squad for the UEFA Euro 2008. He played in all three group games. He came on as a substitute against Croatia in the 74th minute and against Poland in the 64th minute. Kienast went off against Germany in the 67th minute. In June 2011 he played his last international match in a 3-1 win in a friendly against Latvia. 

Roman is the son of former Rapid Wien player Wolfgang Kienast and the nephew of former Austria international Reinhard Kienast.



Fence

The word "fence" may have very different meanings.



The context decides the meaning in cases like this.

Five Minutes of Heaven

Five Minutes of Heaven is a 2009 British Irish drama thriller movie directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel and starring Liam Neeson, James Nesbitt, Anamaria Marinca, Mark Davison, Richard Dormer. It won for an BAFTA Award in 2010 and was distributed by BBC Television.


Monticello, Missouri

Monticello is the county seat of Lewis County, Missouri, United States.

Heavenly (Johnny Mathis album)

Heavenly is a 1959 studio album by Johnny Mathis. It was released on 10 August, 1959 through Columbia Records and went to number 1 in the United States and number 10 in the United Kingdom.



Johnny (Johnny Mathis album)

Johnny is a studio album by Johnny Mathis. It was released on 15 July, 1963 through Columbia Records and went to number 20 on the Billboard Hot 200 chart.



Romantically

Romantically is a 1963 studio album by Johnny Mathis. It was released on 18 November, 1963 through Columbia Records and was final album with the label before signing up with Mercury Records. It went to number 23 in the United States.



Villanueva de San Mancio

Villanueva de San Mancio is a municipality of 93 people (2022). It is in the province of Valladolid in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Villanueva de Duero

Villanueva de Duero is a municipality of 1,238 people (2022). It is in the province of Valladolid in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

Laguna de Duero

Laguna de Duero is a municipality of 22,642 people (2022). It is in the province of Valladolid in the autonomous community of Castile and León in Spain.

It is the second largest city in the province after Valladolid.

Annapolis, Missouri

Annapolis is a city in Iron County, Missouri, United States.

Arcadia, Missouri

Arcadia is a city in Iron County, Missouri, United States.

Pilot Knob, Missouri

Pilot Knob is a city in Iron County, Missouri, United States.

Viburnum, Missouri

Viburnum is a city in Iron County, Missouri, United States.

Arnold, Missouri

Arnold is a city in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Innenheim

Innenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Byrnes Mill, Missouri

Byrnes Mill is a city in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

De Soto, Missouri

De Soto is a city in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Herculaneum, Missouri

Herculaneum is a city in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Kimmswick, Missouri

Kimmswick is a city in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Olympian Village, Missouri

Olympian Village is a city in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Pevely, Missouri

Pevely is a city in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Centerview, Missouri

Centerview is a city in Johnson County, Missouri, United States.

Chilhowee, Missouri

Chilhowee is a city in Johnson County, Missouri, United States.

Issenhausen

Issenhausen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ittenheim

Ittenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ittenheim is placed ten kilometres (six miles) to the west of Strasbourg. The commune is crossed by the departmental road RD1004 (formerly Route nationale 4).

The neighbouring communes are Hurtigheim to the north, Oberschaeffolsheim to the east, Achenheim to the southeast, Breuschwickersheim to the south, Osthoffen to the southwest, Handschuheim to the west and Furdenheim to the northwest.


Itterswiller

Itterswiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Jetterswiller

Jetterswiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

The commune is the meeting point of many small roads: to the west of the village the main road connecting Saverne and Molsheim is within walking distance. The surrounding area is mostly used for agriculture. Neighbouring communes are Reutenbourg to the north, Westhouse-Marmoutier and Knœrsheim to the northeast, Zehnacker to the east, Crastatt to the southeast and Singrist to the west.



Zehnacker

Zehnacker is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Reutenbourg

Reutenbourg is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Westhouse-Marmoutier

Westhouse-Marmoutier is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Knœrsheim

Knœrsheim (; Alsatian: Knersche) is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Knœrsheim is placed about to the southeast of Saverne. Neighbouring communes are Westhouse-Marmoutier to the north, Zeinheim to the east, Rangen to the southeast, Zehnacker to the south and Jetterswiller to the west.



Osthoffen

Osthoffen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Oberschaeffolsheim

Oberschaeffolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Zeinheim

Zeinheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rangen

Rangen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Vyans-le-Val

Vyans-le-Val is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

It is on the river Lizaine and is three km south of Hericourt.

The village church is a Lutheran Protestant church.

Sun tanning

Sun tanning or basking, sometimes also known as sunbathing or sun bathing, is a thermoregulatory or comfort behaviour used by animals, especially birds, reptiles, and insects, to help raise their body temperature, reduce the energy needed for temperature maintenance or to provide comfort. They may also have additional functions of ridding animals of ectoparasites, bacteria, or excess moisture. 

Fushigi no Kuni no Alice



Mikulov

Mikulov () is a town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. About 7,400 people live there.

The town is about northwest of Břeclav, on the border with Austria. It borders the Austrian municipality of Drasenhofen.


Drasenhofen

Drasenhofen is a municipality in Mistelbach in the Austrian state of Lower Austria. It is on the border with Czech Republic.


Singrist

Singrist is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Sommerau.

Staffordshire oatcake

A Staffordshire oatcake is a kind of savoury pancake made from oatmeal, flour and yeast. It is cooked on a large hot plate, usually in a special oatcake shop. It is a local food in Stoke on Trent and not often found anywhere else. They are called "Staffordshire oatcakes" by other people, because they are made in and around Staffordshire. In Stoke they are simply called "oatcakes".

They are heated up and often served with tinned tomato, melted cheese and bacon.

There are also Derbyshire oatcakes. They are usually larger and thicker and eaten flat. Staffordshire oatcakes are usually folded or rolled up. Lancashire and Yorkshire oatcakes (also called havercakes) are similar to the Derbyshire ones, but they are now rare.

Scottish oatcakes are more like a biscuit or cookie. 

Muttersholtz

Muttersholtz is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Scherwiller

Scherwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Orschwiller

Orschwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

The Château du Haut-Kœnigsbourg is in the commune.


Kaltenhouse

Kaltenhouse is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Marckolsheim

Marckolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Westhouse

Westhouse is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hednesford

Hednesford (said ) is a market town in Staffordshire, United Kingdom. About 17,000 people live in the town, and 100,000 people live in the district that Hednesford is in. The town is north of Birmingham. It is also northwest of London.

The first mention of Hednesford was in 1153, when the town was called "Hedenedford". King Stephen decided to not make the people in the hamlet have to pay a tax called a due. His choice meant that people in the hamlet no longer had to pay to let their pigs eat in the forest. 

The town can be seen on a 1775 map of Staffordshire. The map was created by William Yates. On the map, Hednesford is called "Hedgford". It had 13 buildings.

Hednesford got bigger because of coal mining in the 19th century. A coal mine called the Uxbridge Pit opened.

The Boys of Summer (song)

"The Boys of Summer" is a 1984 song by Don Henley. It is the leading single from his second studio album "Building the Perfect Beast". It went to number 3 in Australia, number 5 in the United States, number 7 in New Zealand, number 12 in the United Kingdom and again following its 1998 re-release, number 15 in Canada, number 18 in New Zealand and Germany and number 23 in the Netherlands. It won a Grammy Award in 1986. It was covered by DJ Sammy in 2002 and The Ataris in 2003.

Straight from the Heart (Bryan Adams song)

"Straight from the Heart" is a 1983 song by Canadian singer Bryan Adams. It is the leading single from his third studio album "Cuts Like a Knife". It went to number 10 in the United States, number 20 in Canada, number 51 in the United Kingdom and number 90 in Australia. They have been versions by Jon English and Bonnie Tyler.

Faster Than the Speed of Night (song)

"Faster Than the Speed of Night" is a 1983 song by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler and is the title track from her fourth studio album "Faster Than the Speed of Night". It went to number 9 in Norway, number 17 in Ireland and number 43 in the United Kingdom.


List of Ben 10 episodes

This is a whole list of episodes from all "Ben 10" television series that aired from December 27, 2005 to April 11, 2021.

Tainui, New Zealand

Tainui is a small suburb of Dunedin. It lies south of Andersons Bay and Musselburgh close to Dunedin's coastline (Ocean Beach}. In 1905 the ground hosted its one and only rugby test and hosts Dunedin's A&P show yearly. It has two primary schools located in the suburb.

Cust, New Zealand

Cust is a rural village in the Waimakariri District, New Zealand. It was named after Sir Edward Cust. It is located 16 kilometers east of Oxford and 17 kilometers west of Rangiora. It has a primary school in the village.

Moldova (disambiguation)

Moldova, officially the Republic of Moldova, is a country in southeastern Europe.

Moldova or Moldavia may also refer to:





Western Moldavia

Moldavia (), also called Romanian Moldavia or Western Moldavia, is the main historic and geographical part of the old Principality of Moldavia. It is in eastern and north-eastern Romania. Romanian Moldavia is made up of eight counties. This covers over 18% of Romania's territory. Six out of the 8 counties make up Romania's Nord-Est development region. The two southern counties are in Romania's Sud-Est development region. It makes up around 48.67% of full Moldavia.


Young Blood (The Coasters song)

"Young Blood" is a 1957 song by The Coasters and went to number 8 in the United States and went to number 1 on the R&B Billboard charts.

In 1976, British band Bad Company covered Young Blood for their third studio album "Run with the Pack". It was released as a single and went to the top 20 in both the United States and Canada.

Zack &amp; Quack

Zack & Quack is a 2014-17 animated children's television series created by Scooby Gili Dolev and Yvette Kaplan and produced by Zodiak Media. The series premiered on Nick Jr. in the United Kingdom and Ireland on 7 February 2014, and two months later on the Nick Jr. Channel in the United States on April 7. It ended on February 5, 2017, with 36 episodes in 3 seasons.

Choi Hyeon-ho

Choi Hyeon-ho (16 April 1976) is a South Korean handball player. Choi competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Mark Szaranek

Mark Szaranek (16 August 1995) is a Scottish swimmer. Mark competed in the British team in the Men's 200 meter and 400 meter Individual medley events at the 2017 World Championships in Budapest.

Hypospermia

Hypospermia is a male condition where individuals consistently produce an abnormally low volume of semen when ejaculating. The World Health Organization recognizes the condition of Hypospermia when less than 1.5 ml of semen is produced during a single ejaculation.

Hypospermia itself does not cause severe infertility problems. However, combination of hypospermia with oligoozoospermia (low sperm count in semen) negatively affects the chance to conceive naturally.

Smriti Mandhana

Smriti Shriniwas Mandhana (18 July 1996) is an Indian cricketer. Smriti represents the Indian women's national team and took part in Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Women's Premier League (WPL). In 2018 Smriti received Arjuna, BCCI and Rachael Heyhoe-Flint Award awards. In 2021, she became the Women's Cricketer of the year.
Smriti Mandhana’s father "Shrinivas" and brother "Shravan" both played cricket at the district level for Sangli and since she watched her brother closely playing for Maharashtra in the Under-16 tournament she too was inspired to play cricket.

At the age of nine, Smriti Mandhana's introduction to cricket began when she decided to participate in cricket trials for enjoyment. Despite being naturally right-handed, she had observed her older brother's sessions closely enough to develop her skills as a left-handed batter. Her exceptional talent could be seen when, at the age of 11, she swiftly advanced to represent the Maharashtra Under-19 cricket team. Just four years later in 2011, she found herself a part of the senior team. In just her second match for Maharashtra, she made headlines as she scored an impressive 125 balls 155 runs against Saurashtra, marking her entry into the cricketing scene.

On her debut test match against England, she scored a 50, playing a crucial hand in India's historic Test win in England in 2014. Later she scored a brilliant century scoring 127 runs in the only Test against Australia, which was also the first century of her career and was awarded the Player of the Match. She also became the first Indian woman to hit a century in Day-night Tests.
In July 2018, Smriti received the Arjuna Award from Indian minister of youth affairs and sports Kiren Rijiju, for her outstanding achievements in cricket.

Umar Edelkhanov

Umar Edelkhanov (29 December 1963) is a Russian weightlifter. Umar competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Yelena Isinbayeva

Yelena Gadzhievna Isinbayeva (3 June 1982) is a Russian former pole vaulter. She received two gold medals at the Summer Olympics (in 2004 and 2008). She is a three-time World Champion (in 2005, 2007, and 2013) and the world record holder in the event. Yelena is recognized the greatest female pole-vaulter of all time.

Sextus Afranius Burrus

Sextus Afranius Burrus was a Praetorian Guard prefect and an advisor to Nero. Sextus went down in history as one of the most powerful people at the beginning of Nero's reign.

Atomic Bomberman

Atomic Bomberman is a video game developed by Interplay and Hudson Soft, and was released in 1996. The game was the first designed to run on a Microsoft Windows compatible PC, with the only previous PC versions running on DOS. Atomic Bomberman is known for its 10 player multi-player mode, PC and Microsoft Windows compatibility, and it's voice acting. The design of Bomberman is different from normal, appearing more like color coded astronauts, and are given a mouth (a green one is seen smiling on the main menu screen) despite Bomberman being usually not having one. Throughout play, including when players place cartoonish fuse bombs (Which explode in the players respective color), collect items, and trap or eliminate themselves or another player, various voice clips can be heard. These include "Yup." when a bomb is planted, "Dont make me come out there!" And "Times running out!" when running out of time, and "Ka-ching, Ka-ching!" ("Ka-ching" being a phrase used to represent having a lot of money, and is an audibly pronounced version of the sound a cash register makes) When an item is collected. The voice actors used were the voices of Billy West and Charlie Adler, known for their roles in television shows and movies.

Izates II

Izates II (1-54 CE) was the Parthian client kingdom of Adiabene king from 30 to 54. He was the Queen Helena of Adiabene and Monobaz I of Adiabene son. Izates II converted to Judaism.

Scribonius Largus

Scribonius Largus (c. 1-c. 50) was the Roman emperor Claudius court physician. He was the compiler of 271 prescriptions at the request of Gaius Julius Callistus, most of them was transferred to the Marcellus Empiricus work "De Medicamentis Empiricis, Physicis, et Rationabilibus".

Yan Guang

Yan Guang (1–75 AD) was an important sage of Yuyao. Yan studied with Emperor Liu Xiu. Liu Xiu offered Yan a high position in the court, but Yan refused, fearing he would become corrupt, and became a hermit in the mountains. As a result, he became a famous Chinese hero and got a place in the Wu Shuang Pu (, Table of Peerless Heroes) by Jin Guliang.

Tiachiv

Tiachiv (; ; ; ) is a city in the Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine. It is the administrative centre of Tiachiv Raion (district). In 2022, 8,887 people lived there.

Raahe

Raahe () is a town in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. It was founded by Swedish statesman and Governor General of Finland Count Per Brahe the Younger. As of 28 February 2023, 24,050 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Haapavesi, Oulainen, Pyhäjoki, Siikajoki and Siikalatva.

Three municipalities have been merged with Raahe: Saloinen in 1973, Pattijoki in 2003 and Vihanti in 2013.


Deng Yu

Deng Yu (2–58 AD) was a statesman and military commander in Eastern Han dynasty. He contributed to the unification of China. In 57 AD, Deng became Grand Tutor. He held this title until his death.

Haapavesi

Haapavesi is a town in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 28 February 2023, 6,588 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Haapajärvi, Kärsämäki, Nivala, Oulainen, Raahe, Siikalatva and Ylivieska.

The name means "Aspen Water". It is known for the Haapavesi Folk Music Festival.


Oulainen

Oulainen is a town in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 28 February 2023, 7,018 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Alavieska, Haapavesi, Merijärvi, Pyhäjoki, Raahe and Ylivieska.

Oulainen was founded in 1865.


Kauffenheim

Kauffenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Keffenach

Keffenach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Kintzheim

Kintzheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Kertzfeld

Kertzfeld is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Keskastel

Keskastel is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Kesseldorf

Kesseldorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Lance Stroll

Lance Strulovitch (born October 29, 1998) is a Canadian Formula 1 racing driver. He currently races for Aston Martin. He also used to drive for Williams and Racing Point. His father is Canadian billionaire Lawrence Stroll, who owns some stake in Aston Martin.

At the 2020 Turkish Grand Prix, Stroll was able to capture his first pole position. His first podium finish happened at the 2017 Azerbaijan Grand Prix where he finished 3rd. In doing so, Stroll became the second youngest driver to finish on the podium. He also became the first Canadian to stand on the podium since Jacques Villeneuve at the 2001 German Grand Prix.


Kienheim

Kienheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is to the east-southeast of Saverne.

Ban Biao

Ban Biao (3–54 AD) was historian and politician from Xianyang, Shaanxi during the Han dynasty. Ban was the nephew of a famous poet (Consort Ban) and concubine to Emperor Cheng. He wrote "Treatise on the Mandate of Kings" essay (王命論), that influenced Chinese concept of sovereignty. Essay was included in Wenxuan.

Kilstett

Kilstett is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Kindwiller

Kindwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Kirchheim, Bas-Rhin

Kirchheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Kirrberg, Bas-Rhin

Kirrberg is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Tiberius Claudius Balbilus

Tiberius Claudius Balbillus Modestus (AD 3–79) was a scholar and politician from Ancient Roman. He was also an astrologer to the emperors Claudius, Nero, and Vespasian.

List of Serbia Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Serbia Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one twenty20 international for Serbia since debuting in October 2019.

Note: The following match includes a missing catcher in the Cricinfo scorecard and hence statistics (as of 4 November 2019):

Geng Yan

Geng Yan (3–58 AD) was a general of the Eastern Han Dynasty from China. He went down in history as one of the Emperor's most influential generals. Thanks to him, the Later Han Dynasty was established.


Columella

Lucius Junius Moderatus Columella (4 – 70 AD) was a famous Roman writer on agriculture. His De re rustica forms an important source on agriculture of Roman Empire. A genus of the Peruvian asterid "Columellia" was named in his honor.

Anthony Forrest

Anthony Forrest is a British-Canadian actor, writer, film producer, director, and composer. Forrest is known for the role he played in '. In the film, he acted as ‘Fixer’ friend to Luke Skywalker and the Sand trooper Jedi Mind-Tricked by Obi Wan Kenobi. Forrest is also known for his role in Elstree 76 as stormtrooper and The Spy Who Loved Me. He was in Birmingham, England.

Forrest made his professional acting entry in 1975 when he featured in the BBC Television production of . Forrest then appeared in as a Sand trooper and Fixer in 1977. In the , he appeared alongside actors such as Mark Hamill, Sir Alec Guinness and Garrick Hagon. Anthony later appeared in films such as Valentino, , Nasty Habits, , The American Way and La Femme Nikita.

Forrest also Directed, Edited, and Composed the music for the short film Distrust. Distrust won awards at the World Fest Houston and Santa Cruz Film Festival.




Anthony's Personal Website 

Kid Charlemagne

"Kid Charlemagne" is a 1976 song by Steely Dan. It is the leading single from their fifth studio album "The Royal Scam". It went to number 82 in the United States and has a bit of funk rhythms and jazz harmonies with rock and roll instrumentals thrown into it.

Daemusin of Goguryeo

King Daemusin (4–44) was the ruler of Goguryeo, Kingdom of Korea. He conquered some smaller nations and the large kingdom of Dongbuyeo.

King Kong (franchise)

King Kong is an American giant monster adventure horror movie series. introduced in 1933 to future sequels.



Publius Quinctilius Varus the Younger

Publius Quinctilius Varus Minor (AD 4 – 27) was a Roman senator and a member of the gens Quinctilia. He was born into the family of the Roman general and politician Publius Quinctilius Varus and Claudia Pulchra.

Zhao Xi

Zhao Xi (4-80 AD) was a politician in the early Eastern Han Dynasty. He was born in Wan, Nanyang Commandery and was known for his honor. At the age of 15, he lost his older cousin and decided to avenge him. The killer was sick, so Zhao spared him. But after recovering, Zhao killed him. He served with Gengshi, Guangwu, and Ming. Zhao died as a result of an illness in 80 AD.


Habib the Carpenter

Habib the Carpenter was a martyr in Antioch. According to Muslim tradition, Habib believed the message of the disciples of Jesus and died for his faith. His tomb is located in the Habib-i Neckar Mosque.

Under 19 India Cricket

Under 19 India Cricket is a selective process for cricketers from India to participate in international and within the country cricket matches and tournaments, many players continue to play for international clubs and domestic teams while selected individuals compete as a player for the India national cricket team. They participate in Twenty20 tournaments as of the 2020s. They have recorded 5 wins to date and have come in second twice in the U-19 World Cup (). Their last win was in 2022 under captain Yash Dhull. Other winning captains include Mohammad Kaif (2000), Virat Kohli (2008), Unmukth Chand (2012), and Prtihvi Shaw (2018). They are also the most successful under 19 team of cricket. 

2023 - Mens


2023 - Womens


Ruzi Ying

Ruzi Ying (5 – February or March 25 AD) was the latest leader of the Western Han Dynasty in China. He ruled the Han Empire since 6 CE to 9 AD.

Yin Lihua

Yin Lihua (5 - 26 February 64 AD) was a ruler during the Eastern Han Dynasty. She was the second empress of Liu Xiu and was known for beauty and placability.

Kleingœft

Kleingœft is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Neighbouring communes are Wolschheim and Maennolsheim to the northeast; Westhouse-Marmoutier to the southeast; and Lochwiller to the west.

Wolschheim

Wolschheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Maennolsheim

Maennolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Lochwiller

Lochwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Kogenheim

Kogenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Kolbsheim

Kolbsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Krautergersheim

Krautergersheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Krautwiller

Krautwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Kriegsheim

Kriegsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Kurtzenhouse

Kurtzenhouse is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Zellwiller

Zellwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Invorio

Invorio is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Guo Shengtong

Guo Shengtong (6 – 22 July 52 CE) was a Chinese empress. Guo was the first empress of the founder of Eastern Han, Liu Xiu, but she was overthrown in 41, while maintaining respect and honor among the people.

Villeneuve, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Villeneuve is a commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeast France.

Banu Hashim

The Banū Hāshim (Arabic: بنو هاشم) is an Arab clan within the Quraysh. The this clan to which Muḥammad belonged was named after Muḥammad's great-grandfather Hāshim ibn ʿAbd Manāf.

States founded by descendants of: 

All of them are descendants of Hāshim ibn ʿAbd Manāf. 



Ishe Komborera Africa

Ishe Komborera Africa (God Bless Africa) was the national anthem of Zimbabwe from 1980 to 1994.

The anthem used the melody from popular african anthem Nkosi Sikelel’ iAfrika.

"Ishekomborera Africa"

"Ngaisimudzirwe zita rayo"

"Inzwai miteuro yedu"

"Ishe komborera,"

"Isu, mhuri yayo."

"Ishekomborera Africa"

"Ngaisimudzirwe zita rayo"

"Inzwai miteuro yedu"

"Ishe komborera,"

"Isu, mhuri yayo."

Chorus:

"Huya mweya (Huya mweya komborera)"

"Huya mweya (Huya mweya komborera)"

"Huya mweya"

"Huya mweya woutsvene"

"Uti komborere"

"Isu mhuri yayo."

"God bless Africa,"

"Let her fame spread far and wide!"

"Hear our prayer,"

"May God bless us!"

"God bless Africa,"

"Let her fame spread far and wide!"

"Hear our prayer,"

"May God bless us!"

Chorus:

"Come, Spirit, come!"

"Come! Holy Spirit!"

"Come and bless us, her children!"

Calibration

When doing measurements using a device or tool, it is important to know that this measurement has as little error as possible. There is a process, known as calibration. It consists of doing some measurements, where the outcomes are known, and comparing the mesurements of the device under test with the known values. In many cases, the device under test can then be adjusted to correct these errors. To be able to do accurate measurements, a decice needs to be calibrated regularly. 

The reasons to do a calibration include the following:


In general, calibration includes the process of "adjusting" the output or indication on a measurement instrument to agree with value of the applied standard, within a specified accuracy. That way, a balance or thermometer can be corrected to show the exact value.

India cricket history (Squads)

India's national cricket team has been and influential team throughout sports history and culture, they have won several tournaments around the world. Many prolific individuals have been a part of cricket history such as Kapil Dev, MS Dhoni, Anil Kumble, Sachin Tendulkar, Virender Sehwag, Mohammad Azharuddin, Sunil Gavaskar and Virat Kohli. 

Indian Premier League revolutionized the way cricket is played today not just in India but thought the world. They play the 20 over format and domestic and international players are included in the teams. The teams are consisted of the Mumbai, Gujarat, Punjab, Lucknow, Hyderabad, Delhi, Kolkata, Bangalore, Rajasthan and Chennai. Other tournaments inspired by IPL would include celebrity cricket, legends cricket, the Ranji trophy, and premier leagues across the country including Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Saurashtra. U-19s and below are played by both the men and women. The Indian Cricket League is also a league played in India alongside the BCCI Corporate trophy.

Convection zone

The convection zone is the 3rd layer of the radiative zone. Sun has really hot plasma, because Sun's prominence erupts due to the Sun's rotational speed. Sun is really hot because of the temperature. Sun has a core like Earth. Sun is the largest star in our solar system because of its mass. The inner planets temperature are hot, warm, and cold.

The largest layer of the sun is the corona. The corona is the sun's atmosphere. Its star's atmosphere is over a million degrees celsius. The sun has an atmosphere, surrounded by gas.

What is the atmosphere like?

Sun has a really thick atmosphere, compared to other stars.

It shows:

• The atmosphere

• The corona

• Sun's coreThe Sun has a atmosphere, surrounded by hot gas. Its surface temperature is 10,340°F (6,000°C) And the sun is a very hot place to live.

- Dwayne Saubon

The layers of The Sun

Theloderma nebulosum

The misty moss frog or misty bug-eyed frog ("Theloderma nebulosum") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam. It lives in Vietnam in forests of ever. People have seen it 2000 meters above sea level in the Ngoc Linh Nature Reserve.

This frog is shorter than 30 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is brown in color with other brown markings. The belly and sides are lighter brown. The bottoms of the feet are gray-black with blue spots. The frog is blue-black on the sides. There are blue-white spots on the head. The iris of the eye is gold in color on top and reddish-brown in color lower down. The color of the iris is the same as the color of the skin next to it.

The tadpoles have dark brown bodies.

Scientists named this frog "nebulosum" because that is the Latin word for "cloudy." They did this because the frog's forests are full of mist and clouds.

Theloderma annae

Anna's bug-eyed frog or Anna's mossy frog ("Theloderma annae") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam. It lives in the Ngoc Son–Ngo Luong Nature Reserve and Cuc Phuong National Park.

The adult male frog is about 27.1-28.5 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 30.3-32.6 long. The skin of the frog's back is gray-green in color. The throat, belly, sides, and parts of the legs are brown with white spots.

Roger Cook (politician)

Roger Cook (born 20 August 1965) is a Western Australian politician who will become the next Premier of Western Australia and leader of the Western Australian Labor Party, following the resignation of Mark McGowan. He previously served as Deputy Premier. He has served as the member for Kwinana since 2008.

Cúc Phương National Park

Cúc Phương National Park () is a park in Vietnam. It is in Ninh Bình Province, in the Red River Delta. Cuc Phuong was Vietnam's first national park. It is the largest nature reserve in Vietnam.

Cúc Phương was made into a forest reserve in 1960. Human beings have lived in this place since 7,000-12,000 years ago. Modern people have found things that belonged to ancient people in caves in the park: places where human bodies are buried, stone axes, bone spears, oyster shell knives, and tools for turning food into powder. In 1789, Nguyễn Huệ and Thăng Long fought a Vietnamese Civil War battle in the Quen Voi part of the park. In modern times, the 2,500 Muong people who live, farm, and hunt in the park have disagreed with the government of Vietnam. In 1987, the government made 500 Muong move away from the park because they were catching animals and using the land in ways the government did not allow.

Cúc Phương is in the hills of the northern Annamite Mountain Range. The park has mountains with karst rock and valleys with plants in them. The lowest elevation is 150 meters (500 feet) above sea level and the highest is 656 m (2,152 feet), at the summit of May Bac Mountain, or Silver Cloud Mountain. The limestone mountains have many caves, and visitors can go into some of them.

The average temperature in Cúc Phương is 21 Celsius (70 Fahrenheit), 9C (48F) in the winter. The highest temperatures can be over 30C (85 F) and lows are just above zero (32 F). In the valleys, the weather is hot and humid. High in the hills, the temperature drops are low enough for people to get frostbite. It rains more than 200 days a year and the average annual rainfall is 2,100mm (7 feet). The dry season is November to February.

The park has 97 species of mammals. Endangered langurs live in the park. The park has 300 species of birds; 36 reptiles; 17 amphibians; 11 fish; 2,000 species of plants with veinss, and thousands of species of insects. Many of them are on Vietnam's Red Book of endangered species.
The park has some Northern Vietnam lowland rain forests and Northern Indochina subtropical forests.

There are many apes and monkeyss in the park: macaques, gibbon, François's leaf monkey and the slow loris.
It also has bats, porcupines, flying squirrels, small striped squirrels, belly-banded squirrels, and the black giant squirrels. The park used to have Asiatic black bears, wild dogs, elephants, rhinos, and tigers, but human beings either killed them or killed the animals they eat Leopards, clouded leopards, and jungle cats may still live in the park, but scientists are not sure.

Many birds live in the park: bar-backed partridges, scaly-breasted partridges, silver pheasants, red junglefowl, grey peacock-pheasants, laughingthrushes, red-vented barbets, green-eared barbets, scimitar-billed babblers, brown boobooks, scarlet minivets, racket-tailed drongos, racket-tailed treepies, white-winged blue magpies. Some birds only live there for part of the year: thrushes, flycatchers, tits, finches, and pipits. People have also seen hornbills in the forest.

There is one subspecies of underground cave fish is also found in the park. It is also the place where scientists first found many invertebrate species, including "Zaxiphidiopsis bazyluki".

Many plants grow in the park, which has a multi-layered canopy. Tall trees can be 70m high. It also has many flowers, including, orchids; and an abundance of liana and cauliflory. The ferns have very tall leaves. Some of the plants are good spices, medicines, and edible fruits, nuts and shoots.

There are three conservation programs in the Cúc Phương National park:

The primate center has langurs, loris, and gibbon species, include the Delacour's langur, golden-headed langur, and black crested gibbon. These three species are critically endangered. The Frankfurt Zoological Society helped make the center in 1993. It has 180 animals in 50 cages, 4 houses, and two semi-wild places surrounded by fences.
The Carnivore and Pangolin Conservation Program (CPCP) works with small meat-eating animals: (civets, linsangs, small cats, weasels, otters and badgers) and pangolins in Vietnam. The program started in 1995, but then it was only for Owston's civet. In 2006, the program started working with Vietnam's two species of pangolin, the Chinese pangolin and the Sunda pangolin. All of these species are threatened by the illegal wildlife trade.

The CPCP rescues animals that have been caught illegally by human beings. It teaches the animals to live in the wild again and teaches people about the animals.

People started the turtle conservation center in 1998. It has the most endangered turtles in Vietnam, including the Vietnamese pond turtle which is nearly extinct in the wild.

Many visitors like come to Cúc Phương National Park. It is one of the most popular nature places in Vietnam. Tens of thousands of Vietnamese and many people from other places visit the park each year. There are places to eat and sleep in the park and nearby. There is a paved road through the park and many hiking paths. Park rangers guard Cuc Phuong and tourists can pay them to show them places to see.


Peter Malinauskas

Peter Bryden Malinauskas (born 14 August 1980) is a South Australian politician. He has served as the Premier of South Australia since 2022, as leader of the South Australian Labor Party since 2018 and as the member for Croydon since 2018.

He is of Hungarian, Lithuanian and Irish descent.

Jeremy Rockliff

Jeremy Page Rockliff (born 5 February 1970) is a Tasmanian politician. He has served as the Premier of Tasmania and leader of the Tasmanian Liberal Party since 2022 and as one of the five members for Braddon since 2002. He previously served as Deputy Premier from 2014 until 2022. Rockliff is currently the only incumbent Liberal Premier in Australia.

Natasha Fyles

Natasha Fyles (born 26 May 1978) is a Northern Territory politician. She served as the Chief Minister of the Northern Territory from 2022 until 2023, and has served as the member for Nightcliff since 2012.

Opposition (Australia)

In Australian politics, the Opposition is the second largest party or coalition in the House of Representatives, with the leader of that party or coalition being given the title of Opposition Leader. Similarly, the second largest party or coalition in the lower house of a state or territory's parliament is also called the Opposition and the leader of that party or coalition is given the title of Opposition Leader. Currently, the Liberal-National Coalition, led by Peter Dutton, forms the federal Opposition.


Mercer, New Zealand

Mercer is a small town in the Waikato District, New Zealand. It is located 70 kilometers north of Hamilton and 58 kilometers south of Auckland on the eastern bank of the Waikato River. It is a primary school in the village. Prior to creation of the Auckland supercity in 2010. Mercer was located within the Franklin District.

Operation Blitz

Operation Blitz was a military operation carried out by Pakistan, a country in Asia, in the early 1970s. This operation, also known as Operation Searchlight, started fighting between Pakistan and what is now the country of Bangladesh. Operation Bltiz was an important event that happened before the Bangladeshi War of Independence.

The origins of Operation Blitz can be traced back to the 1970 general elections in Pakistan. The Awami League, led by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, won a landslide victory in East Pakistan, which fueled demands for greater autonomy and eventually led to calls for an independent state. However, the West Pakistani establishment, fearing the loss of control and unwilling to accept the democratic mandate of the East, launched Operation Blitz on the night of March 25, 1971.

Under the guise of restoring law and order, the Pakistani military initiated a massive operation targeting political dissidents, intellectuals, and Bengali nationalists. The operation aimed to suppress the growing movement for autonomy and independence in East Pakistan. Troops were deployed throughout the region, and a systematic campaign of violence, torture, and mass killings was unleashed on the population.

Operation Blitz resulted in widespread atrocities and human rights abuses. The military engaged in indiscriminate violence, targeting civilians and committing acts of rape, arson, and murder. Bengali women were particularly vulnerable to sexual violence, which was used as a weapon to terrorize the population. Estimates of the number of people killed during the operation vary widely, with some sources suggesting that up to three million people lost their lives.

The brutal tactics employed by the Pakistani military in Operation Blitz drew international condemnation. As news of the atrocities reached the international community, global public opinion turned against Pakistan. Human rights organizations, journalists, and activists exposed the violence and called for action to end the bloodshed.

The military crackdown, however, had unintended consequences. It galvanized the resistance movement in East Pakistan and led to the formation of the Mukti Bahini, a guerrilla force fighting for independence. The Bengali people, who had initially sought greater autonomy, were now united in their struggle for complete liberation from West Pakistan.

The military campaign initiated by Operation Blitz soon escalated into a full-fledged war between Pakistan and the Bengali nationalist forces. With the support of India, the Mukti Bahini fought against the Pakistani army. The conflict witnessed large-scale military operations, guerilla warfare, and significant civilian suffering.

After nine months of intense fighting, Pakistan finally surrendered to the combined forces of the Mukti Bahini and the Indian Army on December 16, 1971. The independent nation of Bangladesh was born, marking the end of Operation Blitz and the beginning of a new chapter in the region's history.

Operation Blitz remains a dark chapter in Pakistan's history, symbolizing the devastating consequences of political repression and the struggle for self-determination. The operation's impact continues to resonate, reminding the world of the importance of safeguarding human rights, promoting democracy, and preventing such atrocities from occurring in the future.

Grey cutthroat eel

The grey cutthroat eel ("Synaphobranchus affinis") is a cutthroat eel. It lives a benthic lifestyle, inhabiting the continental margin and global deep waters including near Portugal, the Canary Islands, Morocco, Japan, Australia, and others.


Nero Julius Caesar

Nero Julius Caesar (AD 6–31) was an inheritor of the Roman Emperor Tiberius. Nero with his brother, Drusus, made successful political careers. Nero was a close relative of every Julio-Claudian emperor.

Gaius Manlius Valens

Gaius Manlius Valens (AD 6 - 96) was a senator in the Roman Empire. He served with Gaius Antistius Vetus and was elected an ordinary consul. He died the same year he became consul.

Gnaeus Domitius Corbulo

Gnaeus Domitius Corbulo (AD 7 – 67) was a famous general in the Roman Empire. He was born on the Italian peninsula. His father was formal praetor under Tiberius. Mother came from a praetor family. Gnaeus committed heroic suicide on the orders of Emperor Nero.

Drusus Caesar

Drusus Caesar (7/8 – 33) was an inheritor of the Roman emperor Tiberius. He was born into the Julio-Claudian dynasty. Drusus with his brother, Nero, made a successful political careers. He died of starvation while in prison in 33.

Titus Flavius Sabinus

Titus Flavius T. f. T. n. Sabinus (8 - 69) was a famous politician and soldier in Roman Empire. He was born in Reate. Titus was a fair and honest man, but was overly sociable. At the end of the civil war, he was unable to hold the capital because he did not want to kill the Romans.

Caratacus

Caratacus was a leader of Britain in 1st century AD. He was born in the tribe of Catuvellauni. He resisted the Romans. Dio Cassius called Caratacus the son of the Catuvellaunian king Cunobelin.

Liu Penzi

Liu Penzi (; 10 AD - after 27 AD) was an emperor of China, who began to rule the Han Dynasty after the collapse of the Xin Dynasty. When Liu Xiu defeated the Red Eyebrows, he decided to spare Liu.

Drowned World/Substitute for Love

"Drowned World/Substitute for Love" is a 1998 song by Madonna and is the third single from her 7th studio album "Ray of Light". It topped the single charts in Spain and went to the top 50 in Australia, Austria, Canada, France, Germany, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Scotland, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It was not released in the United States.




Thánh Thiên

Thánh Thiên (10-43 AD) was a princess of Vietnam. She participated in the Trung sisters' rebellion against the Han Chinese. As the legend goes, Thiên was born in the village of Bich Uyen Thánh committed suicide because she did not want to be captured.

Trưng sisters

The Trưng sisters were military leaders in Vietnam. They were the heads of the country three years after rebelling in AD 40. They had higher education, they achieved success in the field of literature and became the heirs of their father's land. They were recognized as national heroines.

Titus Vinius

Titus Vinius (12 - 69) was a famous general in the Roman Empire. He was one of the most mighty men in the country during the reign Galba. He died from a sword strike by a legionnaire.

Marcus Junius Silanus

Marcus Junius Silanus (AD 14–54) was a senator in the Roman Empire. Despite his powerful influence, he could not survive the death of the Emperor.

Lollia Paulina

Lollia Paulina (15 - 49 AD) was an empress in the Roman Empire. She was the wife of Caligula. Pliny the Elder mentions Paulina to show Roman ostentation.

Lucius Verginius Rufus

Lucius Verginius Rufus (AD 15 - 97) was a leader of Germania Superior in the Roman Empire. He was elected consul three times. Lucius was born near Comum. Remainder of tomb with him are in Ladispoli.

Holden, Missouri

Holden is a city in Johnson County, Missouri, United States.

Kingsville, Missouri

Kingsville is a city in Johnson County, Missouri, United States.

Knob Noster, Missouri

Knob Noster is a city in Johnson County, Missouri, United States.

Leeton, Missouri

Leeton is a city in Johnson County, Missouri, United States.

Baring, Missouri

Baring is a city in Knox County, Missouri, United States.

Hurdland, Missouri

Hurdland is a city in Knox County, Missouri, United States.

Knox City, Missouri

Knox City is a city in Knox County, Missouri, United States.

Alma, Missouri

Alma is a city in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States.

Bates City, Missouri

Bates City is a city in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States.

Concordia, Missouri

Concordia is a city in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States.

Corder, Missouri

Corder is a city in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States.

Decimus Junius Silanus Torquatus

Decimus Junius Silanus Torquatus (16 AD - 64 AD) was a senator in the Roman Empire. He was recognized as consul in 53 and served with Quintus Haterius Antoninus. He was the son of Aemilia Lepida and Marcus Junius Silanus Torquatus.

Higginsville, Missouri

Higginsville is a city in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States.

Lake Lafayette, Missouri

Lake Lafayette is a city in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States.

Mayview, Missouri

Mayview is a city in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States.

Napoleon, Missouri

Napoleon is a city in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States.

Odessa, Missouri

Odessa is a city in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States.

Junia Lepida

Junia Lepida (AD 18 - 65) was a noblewoman in the Roman Empire. Junia was born in the family of Aemilia Lepida and Marcus Junius Silanus Torquatus. She was married to Gaius Cassius Longinus and had two children.


Waverly, Missouri

Waverly is a city in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States.

Wellington, Missouri

Wellington is a city in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States.

Marionville, Missouri

Marionville is a city in Lawrence County, Missouri, United States.

Cardiac rehabilitation

Cardiopulmonary Rehabilitation (also known as Cardiac Rehabilitation or Pulmonary Rehabilitation) is a multidisciplinary program aimed at improving the overall physical health and well-being of individuals with heart or lung conditions. It encompasses a comprehensive approach that combines exercise training, education, and counseling to aid in the recovery from cardiac or pulmonary events, manage symptoms, and enhance the quality of life for patients.

Cardiopulmonary rehabilitation is a specialized program designed to optimize functional capacity and reduce the risk of future cardiovascular events or respiratory complications. It is tailored to meet the individual needs and condition of each patient and is typically conducted in a supervised, outpatient setting. However, depending on the circumstances, it can also be provided in a hospital or home-based environment.

Cardiopulmonary rehabilitation programs consist of several key components that work together to address the physical, emotional, and educational needs of patients. These components include:

Exercise is a fundamental aspect of cardiopulmonary rehabilitation. It helps improve cardiovascular and respiratory function, enhance muscular strength and endurance, and promote overall fitness. The exercise program is carefully prescribed and supervised by healthcare professionals, such as physiotherapists or exercise physiologists, who monitor patients' progress and adjust the intensity and duration of the exercises as needed.

Education and counseling play crucial roles in empowering patients to effectively manage their condition. Cardiopulmonary rehabilitation programs provide education on topics such as risk factors, medication management, dietary modifications, and stress reduction strategies. Counseling sessions, both individual and group-based, address the emotional and psychological aspects of living with heart or lung disease, helping patients cope with anxiety, depression, and lifestyle changes.

Promoting healthy lifestyle changes is a key component of cardiopulmonary rehabilitation. This includes programs aimed at smoking cessation, nutritional counseling, weight management, and stress reduction. The goal is to empower patients to make long-term lifestyle modifications that promote overall well-being and reduce the risk of further complications.

Recognizing the emotional and psychological impact of heart or lung disease, cardiopulmonary rehabilitation programs provide psychosocial support to patients and their families. Support groups, individual counseling, and resources for family members are often offered to address the emotional and social needs of patients. This support network helps individuals cope with the challenges they face, fostering a positive outlook and improving overall well-being.

Cardiopulmonary rehabilitation offers numerous benefits to individuals with heart or lung conditions, including:

Regular exercise and rehabilitation interventions lead to increased exercise tolerance, reduced fatigue, and improved overall physical function. These improvements enable individuals to engage in daily activities with greater ease and independence.

Cardiopulmonary rehabilitation helps manage risk factors associated with heart or lung disease, such as high blood pressure, high cholesterol levels, and obesity. By addressing these risk factors and adopting a healthy lifestyle, individuals can reduce their risk of future cardiovascular events or respiratory complications.

Heart or lung conditions can significantly impact a person's quality of life. Cardiopulmonary rehabilitation aims to improve physical, emotional, and social well-being, helping individuals regain confidence and enjoy a better quality of life.

Cardiopulmonary rehabilitation programs focus not only on short-term recovery but also on long-term health maintenance. By equipping individuals with the knowledge and skills necessary to manage their condition, they are empowered to continue practicing healthy behaviors and reduce the risk of future complications.

Cardiopulmonary rehabilitation is a comprehensive and multidisciplinary approach that aims to improve the physical and emotional well-being of individuals with heart or lung conditions. Through exercise training, education, counseling, and lifestyle modification, this program provides the necessary tools for patients to regain their health, manage their symptoms, and lead fulfilling lives. Cardiopulmonary rehabilitation plays a vital role in the continuum of care for individuals with cardiac or pulmonary diseases, promoting long-term health maintenance and preventing future complications.

Miller, Missouri

Miller is a city in Lawrence County, Missouri, United States.

Stotts City, Missouri

Stotts City is a city in Lawrence County, Missouri, United States.

Verona, Missouri

Verona is a city in Lawrence County, Missouri, United States.

Ewing, Missouri

Ewing is a city in Lewis County, Missouri, United States.

La Belle, Missouri

La Belle is a city in Lewis County, Missouri, United States.

La Grange, Missouri

La Grange is a city in Lewis County, Missouri, United States.

Lewistown, Missouri

Lewistown is a city in Lewis County, Missouri, United States.

Foley, Missouri

Foley is a city in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Hawk Point, Missouri

Hawk Point is a city in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Moscow Mills, Missouri

Moscow Mills is a city in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Old Monroe, Missouri

Old Monroe is a city in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Winfield, Missouri

Winfield is a city in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Brookfield, Missouri

Brookfield is a city in Linn County, Missouri, United States.

Laclede, Missouri

Laclede is a city in Linn County, Missouri, United States.

Meadville, Missouri

Meadville is a city in Linn County, Missouri, United States.

Purdin, Missouri

Purdin is a city in Linn County, Missouri, United States.

Lancaster, Missouri

Lancaster is the county seat of Schuyler County, Missouri, United States.

Downing, Missouri

Downing is a city in Schuyler County, Missouri, United States.

Queen City, Missouri

Queen City is a city in Schuyler County, Missouri, United States.

Quintus Volusius Saturninus

Quintus Volusius Saturninus (born AD 25) was a senator in the Roman Empire. He served with Publius Cornelius Scipio and was made consul in 56.

Herod Agrippa II

Herod Agrippa II (AD 27/28 – 92 or 100) was the latest leader from the Herodian dynasty. He was born in the family of Herod Agrippa.

Act Naturally

"Act Naturally" is a 1963 song by country singer Buck Owens and went to number 1 on the Billboard Country singles chart. It has been covered by The Beatles, Loretta Lynn, Dwight Yoakam. The 1989 country duet version with Ringo Starr went to number 50 on the Canadian Country Tracks chart and was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1990.

International Marxist Group

The International Marxist Group (IMG) was a Trotskyist group in Britain between 1968 and 1982. It was the British Section of the Fourth International. It had around 1,000 members and supporters in the late 1970s. In 1980, it had 682 members; by 1982, when it changed its name to the Socialist League, membership had fallen to 534. At that point all its members had joined the Labour Party.

It supported "The Black Dwarf," a newspaper edited by Tariq Ali which started in June 1968. In 1970 "Red Mole" was started. In May 1973, the fortnightly "Red Mole" was replaced by "Red Weekly." In June 1977, "Socialist Challenge" replaced "Red Weekly." In December 1982, when it renamed itself the Socialist League, it began publishing "Socialist Action". 

You're Lookin' at Country

"You're Lookin' at Country" is a 1971 song by country singer Loretta Lynn and is the title track to her 18th studio album "You're Lookin' at Country". It went to number 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 1 on the Canada Country Track charts

Mobile friendliness

Mobile-friendliness refers to the design and functionality of a website or application that is optimized for viewing and interacting with on mobile devices, such as smartphones and tablets. With the growing popularity and widespread use of mobile devices, ensuring mobile-friendliness has become increasingly important for businesses and individuals alike. This article explores the concept of mobile-friendliness, its benefits, and its impact on user experience and search engine optimization.

Mobile-friendliness is the quality of a website or application that enables users to have a seamless and enjoyable experience when accessing it on their mobile devices. It involves adapting the design, layout, and functionality to accommodate the smaller screens, touch-based interactions, and slower network speeds commonly associated with mobile devices.



Mobile-Friendly Test - Google Search Console


Socialist Workers Party (UK)

The Socialist Workers Party (SWP) is a far-left political party in the United Kingdom. Founded as the Socialist Review Group by supporters of Tony Cliff in 1950, it became the International Socialists in 1962 and the SWP in 1977. The party says it is Trotskyist. Cliff and his followers criticised the Soviet Union and its satellites, calling them state capitalist rather than socialist countries.

It set up the Anti Nazi League in the Autumn of 1977 and then Rock Against Racism. This organised successful carnivals with The Clash, the Buzzcocks, Steel Pulse, X-Ray Spex, The Ruts, Generation X and the Tom Robinson Band. It stopped in 1981 after the National Front had got smaller. 

Associated Television

Associated Television was the original name of the British broadcaster ATV. ATV was a part of the ITV network. They served London on weekends from 1955 until 1968 and the Midlands on weekdays from 1956 to 1968. After 1968 they would serve only the Midlands every day of the week until 1982.

The company was formed by the merging of the "Associated Broadcasting Development Company" (ABDC) and the "Incorporated Television Programme Company" (ITC).

The new company was originally called the "Associated Broadcasting Company" (ABC), but the Associated British Picture Corporation wished to call their station "ABC" and they ran a large chain of cinemas under the name ABC. They successfully sued for ownership of the ABC name, causing the Associated Broadcasting Company to rebrand three weeks after starting the London weekend service changed their name to Associated TeleVision Ltd (ATV). The logo made for ABC was tweaked for ATV. The shadowed eye was inspired by the CBS logo in the US and was designed by Lew Grades on a transatlantic flight.

ABC started to air programs in the London region on Saturday 24 September 1955, after a joint production for the network's opening night on Thursday 22 September. ABC would be seen until Saturday 8 October where it would be changed to ATV. ATV won two contracts from the ITA, one for London weekends and one for Midlands weekdays. The Midlands service launched on 17 February 1956, with ABC Weekend providing the weekend service.

ATV quickly ran into financial difficulty due to the losses of the first two years of ITV as well as start-up costs. Associated-Rediffusion (The London weekday provider) took on some of the losses of ATV and the Daily Mirror bought shares in ATV to help the company. The company changed structure many times until 1966, when ATV and ITC became subsidiaries of the Associated Communications Corporation. This marked the point where Lew Grade took control of the company rather than the greatest influence.

ATV had a large impact in variety and light entertainment.

ATV lost the contract for the London weekend to the London Weekend Consortium. They renamed themselves to London Weekend Television before launching in 1968. The Midlands contract was renewed and ATV would now broadcast to the Midlands every day of the week. By this point the company was renamed "ATV Network Limited".

During the 1970s, ATV was criticised over its lack of programs for the region, mainly for the east of the region. The critics held that local programs made by ATV had a focus on Birmingham. In 1980, the Independent Broadcasting Authority (IBA) decided that the franchise candidate for the Midlands should have separate facilities in the East and West Midlands, partly because of criticism of ATV.

"ATV Midlands Limited", was a shell company created by the ACC only for the franchise, applied for the contract and won. However, the ACC were required to sell 49% of the company, sell the Elstree studios and rename the company to show that it was a new company.

ATV ended broadcasting on 1 January 1982 at 12:34am, following the Scottish Television production Hogmanay Show. The final shutdown was made as a brief tribute to ATV from one of the original announcers Shaw Taylor before Mike Prince signed off with the national anthem (an organ version recorded at St. Chad's Cathedral).

The shadowed eye was in use from the stations founding in 1955 as ABC to the stations last moments on air as ATV in 1982. After 1969, ATV used two main idents, one in colour, appearing before a programme in colour and a black and white one, used before programmes made or shown in black and white.

ATV used many names during its life, the company names were:

ATV also used many names that were seen on TV screens:

Fuckin' Problems

"Fuckin' Problems" is the third single off American rapper ASAP Rocky's debut studio album "Long. Live. ASAP". The song was released on October 24, 2012. The song also features Drake, 2 Chainz and Kendrick Lamar.

On December 3, 2012, a music video for the song was released. It debuted on "106 & Park". The song was nominated for "Best Rap Song" at the 56th Grammy Awards but lost to Macklemore's "Thrift Shop". 


Sounds of Christmas

Sounds of Christmas is a 1963 album by Johnny Mathis. It is the second Christmas themed album and was released on 4 October, 1963 through Mercury Records and made number 2 in the United States.



Jimmy Crespo

Jimmy Crespo (born July 5, 1954) is an American guitarist. He is known as the lead guitarist for the hard rock band Aerosmith from 1979 until 1984. He was born in Brooklyn, New York.

List of Arab dynasties and countries

This list is a list of dynasties and countries founded by the Arabs.

Malibu (Kim Petras song)

"Malibu" is a 2020 song by German singer Kim Petras. The music video was filmed during the COVID-19 lockdown. It has a number of singers making cameo appearances. It went to number 88 in Scotland.

Oikocredit

Oikocredit is an internationally operating cooperative under Dutch law (U.A.). Its headquarters is in Amersfoort. It makes social investments, which means it gives money for projects that help society and the environment, especially in developing countries.The institution does not have a banking license. It finances itself through the deposits and investments of its members and external investors who provide capital as ethical investments.

Oikocredit was founded in 1975 on the initiative of the World Council of Churches under the name Ecumenical Development Cooperative Society (EDCS). The goal was to mobilize church reserves for development promotion. The basic approach of linking development promotion with loans and valuable investments initially met with skepticism from church financial and development experts. Initially, some people did not feel comfortable giving loans to disadvantaged people instead of donations. Others disagreed with investing the church's money in something believed to be unlikely to work and yield no financial profit. However, many people from churches throughout Europe believed in the idea of Oikocredit and established Oikocredit support groups in the late 1970s. Through these support groups, private individuals, church communities, associations, foundations, and other organizations could invest in Oikocredit, which had previously been reserved for churches. Today, the support groups provide the majority of Oikocredit's member capital.


The human rights organizations LICADHO, Equitable Cambodia and FIAN, have accused Oikocredit of providing loans in Cambodia that allegedly led to forced land sales. The accusation is that despite evidence of a debt crisis since at least 2017, investments in Cambodian microfinance institutions continued. In response Oikocredit said, that they had not identified any forced land sales and that customer protection is their top priority.

Terminalia myriocarpa

Terminalia myriocarpa, the East Indian almond, is a tree. It lives in Southeast Asia.

The moth "Acrocercops terminaliae" hatches out of its egg as a larva. It looks like a worm. When it is a larva, it lives on and eats "T. myriocarpa".

People found chemicals called phenolic compounds in this tree's leaves. Their names are methyl (S)-flavogallonate, gallic acid, methyl gallate, ethyl gallate, 2,3-di-O-[(S)-4,5,6,4′,5′,6′-hexahydroxybiphenyl-2,2′-diyldicarbonyl]-(α/β)-D-glucopyranose, vitexin, isovitexin, orientin, iso-orientin, kaempferol 3-O-β-D-rutinoside, rutin, neosaponarin, ellagic acid, flavogallonic acid, and (α/β)-punicalagin.


Good Mythical Morning

Good Mythical Morning is an American comedy talk YouTube series created by Rhett McLaughlin and Link Neal. The show first aired on YouTube on January 9, 2012, and continues to be uploaded every weekday. As of August 2017, the show has twelve seasons. The YouTube channel currently boasts over 12.5 million subscribers, and 3.5 billion total video views.

Rhett and Link aired the first episode of "Good Mythical Morning" on January 9, 2012, to their YouTube channel of the same name. The series' crew only consisted of one member during season 1, but has since grown to have twenty-eight members, as a part of Mythical Entertainment. Many fans of the show enjoyed their behind-the-scenes crew which lead to the creation of the YouTube channel "This Is Mythical", which focuses on the funny hijinks of their crew. The show focuses on Rhett McLaughlin and Link Neal as they tell hilarious stories that have happened to them, sing songs, do food related challenges, and more.

"Good Mythical Morning" is uploaded to YouTube every weekday morning. Each episode usually consists of Rhett and Link doing hilarious antics, and is generally around ten minutes in length. At the beginning of each episode, either Rhett or Link say a quote related to the video in question, to which the other person replies with "Let's talk about that." At the end of every episode, Rhett and Link bring out the "Wheel of Mythicality" to spin, which consists of different spots it can land on such as "6 Degrees of Bacon," "Winface," and "Gifticality." "Good Mythical More" is the after show for "Good Mythical Morning" which contains Rhett and Link relaxing after an episode, talking about anything.

The show has become very popular on YouTube with the channel having 12.5 million subscribers, and 3.5 billion video views as of August 2017. Each episode generally gains over 2 million views. The show has also won Best Variety Series at the International Academy of Web Television Awards, Best Web Series at the Shorty Awards, Best Comedy Series and Best Non-Fiction Channel, Series or Show at the Streamy Awards, amongst many others. The series has also been nominated at multiple award shows a total of six times.


Vampyrius

<mapframe latitude="12.86536" longitude="108.116455" zoom="2" text="Map of Vietnam, with rectangles showing approximate range of R. Vampyrus." width="200" height="100">
</mapframe>
Rhacophorus vampyrus (Vampyrius vampyrus) is a flying frog. It lives in Vietnam. It is the only frog species in its genus. People also call it the vampire tree frog or vampire flying frog. This is because the tadpoles have two black hooks in their mouths that look like vampire teeth. Its Vietnamese name is "Ếch cây ma cà rồng".

This frog lives in evergreen forests on mountains at 1470–2004 meters above sea level. It lives in trees. It can use the webbed skin on its feet to glide between trees. This is why it is called a flying frog.

Scientists call this frog both "Rhacophorus vampyrus" and "Vampyrius vampyrus" in the articles they write.

The first specimen was discovered in 2008 by Jodi Rowley of the Australian Museum at Sydney, Australia, and her student Le Thi Thuy Duong from Ho Chi Minh City University of Science. They found more in 2009 and 2010, and their team wrote the first paper about the species in the journal "Zootaxa" in 2010. They called it "Rhacophorus vampyrus". In 2012, scientists said this species should be called "Rhacophorus calcaneus" because of the shapes of the adult frogs' bodies; however, in 2014 the species was reclassified as "R. vampyrus" through phylogenic research. In 2021, a phylogenetic study found the species to fall far outside "Rhacophorus", and instead be the sister genus to "Gracixalus", so scientists gave it its own genus, "Vampyrius".

"R. vampyrus" can grow to 4.5 cm. There is webbed skin between the toes, so it can glide between trees. The skin of the frog's back is copper-brown in color with fainter, dark-brown mottling. The chest and belly are white, with a some black marks at the edge of the chest. The upper surfaces of the arms and legs are copper brown with some dark brown marks. The upper surfaces of the front and back feet are copper brown in color which fades to pinkish-cream or grey at the toes. The lower surfaces of the front and back feet are a pale grey color. The upper surface of webbing of the hands and feet is dark grey to black in color. The lower surfaces of the species are grey. "R. vampyrus" has pale yellow/gold irises with a small rim of blue. There is also a pointed piece sticking out at tibiotarsal articulation. Tadpoles have black hooks on their mouths made of keratin, which is the same thing fingernails are made of. The tadpoles have long bodies and long tails. They are dark brown in color, but sometimes the tail fins have no color. The tadpoles' eyes are black. The iris of the eye has gold specks.

So far, people have only found "R. vampyrus" in southern Vietnam. The first specimens were found in Bidoup Núi Bà National Park, but scientists think they may also live in many parts of the Langbian Plateau (specifically in Chư Yang Sin National Park and Phước Bình National Park). Later, scientists found them in Ta Dung Nature reserve, Dak Glong District. The area that "R. vampyrus" extends is approximately 2,082 km. The two places where "R. vampyrus" lives are far apart. The space in between has low elevation, which would make it hard for the frog to live there or travel. Scientists think it used to live in more places, but human beings changed the places where it lives.

"R. vampyrus" lays its eggs in small, water-filled holes in trees during the rainy seasons, generally 0.3–1.2 m above the ground. It lays eggs mostly from July to May, producing clutches of 250 eggs or fewer. The eggs are laid in foam nests on the wall of the tree hole, where nests are usually about 30–120 cm above the ground. The larvae fall into a hollow basin filled with water. Tadpoles develop from the colorless eggs, but fertilized and unfertilized eggs are the same size. The eggs are white in color, with a thin transparent covering on the outside shell of each egg, with diameters between 0.70 and 1.29 mm. The tadpoles are long and dark-brown in color. Their tails are about three times as long as their bodies. Younger tadpoles are pale white or gray in color and they become darker over time. The tadpoles have dark hooks on their lower jaws that look like fanged teeth. This is the only frog or toad that has fangs like these. There is also a hard arch on the upper jaw. The two hooks go forward. The species is named after these "fangs."

The hooks on the tadpoles' mouths show that they eat eggs and only eggs. The mother frog lays extra unfertilized eggs (to feed them). This is an example of advanced parental care. The tadpoles can open their mouths very wide, so they can eat large things, for examples eggs with a jelly coating still on. The tadpoles' intestine pouches can also stretch very wide to hold many eggs. It shrinks when the tadpole does not eat.

In 2014, the IUCN Red List named "Rhacophorus vampyrus" endangered. "R. vampyrus" has two main populations and they live far away from each other because the land in between is not a good habitat for this frog. Scientists think the frogs in the two groups cannot mate with each other unless human beings take frogs from place to place, but no one has tried this yet. "R. vampyrus" needs to live in moist and dense mountain rainforests. Threats such as cutting down forests, road building, farming, and water farming can changes the area. There are fewer of these frogs than there were. including "R. vampyrus". 
The two places where scientists found this frog are already protected: Bidoup-Nui National Park and Ta Dung Nature Reserve. "R. vampyrus" may live in other areas, for example Chu Yang Sin National Park and Phuoc Binh National Park. Scientists do not know as much as they want to know about this frog, which may make it harder to protect it.


Tommy Kane

Thomas Henry Kane (born January 14, 1964 in Montreal) is an Canadian former football wide receiver and convicted murderer.

Kane was drafted out of the Syracuse by the Seattle Seahawks with the 75th pick in the third round of the 1988 NFL Draft. Kane played 57 games with the Seahawks but his NFL career was cut short because of injuries. The Seahawks released him and he joined to Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL) in 1994. He only played 5 games for the Argonauts and retired shortly after.

On November 30, 2003, Kane stabbed his wife Tammara Shaikh to death. He pled guilty to a lesser charge of manslaughter. He was sentenced to 18 years in prison. He was ordered by a judge to pay $590,000 to his wife's family.

On 2018, he was given six months of day parole. In May 2019, he was sent back to jail for violating his release.


Peritoneal dialysis

Peritoneal dialysis is a method of treating kidney failure by utilizing the peritoneum, the lining of the abdomen, to internally filter the blood. Before commencing peritoneal dialysis, a surgeon inserts a soft tube called a catheter into the belly.

During the treatment, a dialysis solution consisting of water, salt, and other additives is introduced into the belly through the catheter from a bag. Once the bag is empty, it is disconnected, and a cap is placed on the catheter, allowing the individual to freely move around and engage in normal activities. While inside the belly, the dialysis solution absorbs waste and excess fluid from the body.

A diagram illustrating peritoneal dialysis showcases the connection between the bag of dialysis solution and the catheter entering the abdominal cavity, highlighting the peritoneum.

After a few hours, the solution, along with the accumulated waste, is drained from the belly into an empty bag. The used solution can be disposed of in a toilet or tub. The process is then repeated with a fresh bag of dialysis solution. Fresh solution exhibits a higher efficiency in waste absorption, but over time, its filtering ability decreases. Hence, the process of emptying the used solution and refilling the belly with fresh solution needs to be repeated four to six times daily, which is referred to as an exchange.

Exchanges can be performed during the day or at night using a machine that facilitates fluid pumping in and out. It is crucial to adhere to the prescribed exchange regimen for optimal outcomes. While dialysis can enhance well-being and prolong life, it does not serve as a cure for kidney failure.

Boris III of Bulgaria

Boris Klemens Robert Maria Pius Ludwig Stanislaus Xavier or Boris III of Bulgaria (30 January 1894 – 28 August 1943) was the last Tsar of the Kingdom of Bulgaria from 1918 to 1943. He was the son of Ferdinand I of Bulgaria the Tsar of Bulgaria during The Great War from (1914-1918) and ally of Emperor Wilhelm II of Prussia . Boris joined World War 2 in 1941 on the side of Nazi Germany (led by The Fuhrer) Boris invaded Yugoslavia and Greece in 1941 to help the Italians (led by The Duce) . However during World War 2 Bulgaria refused to deport the Jews from Bulgaria during the So called Final Solution . He died in 1943 aged 49 . 

Queen Elizabeth II Bridge

The Queen Elizabeth II bridge at Dartford has played crucial role on the M25 motorway by connecting communities in Essex and Kent. It is at the Dartford Crossing, sometimes called the Dartford-Thurrock River Crossing. The significance of this is that the bridge cuts the time for traffic from the North of England to France (and vice versa). 

It was built at a cost of £120m and officially opened by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II in October 1991. it was the first bridge to be built at a new location along the river Thames for more than 50 years. At the time time it was the longest single span bridge in Europe at over 2,872 metres long.

Maximilian Gold

Maximilian "Max" Gold (born 22 November 1900 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary; died 27 November 1961 in Tehran, Iran) was Austrian football (soccer) right full back He played professionally in Austria and the United States. He also played two matches for the Austria national football team in 1922.
Gold began his career with Wiener AF. He won the 1922 with them. In the fall of 1922, Gold went to Hakoah Vienna. In the summer of 1924 he played for Makkabi Tallinn in Estonia. In the fall of 1924 he went back to Hakoah. He won the 1924–1925 league title with them. This was the first professional title, because professionalism was introduced then in the two highest leagues. In 1927 after a Hakoah Vienna tour of the United States Gold moved to the New York Giants of the American Soccer League (ASL) In 1928 Gold returned to Austria and spent the 1928–1929 season with Wiener AC. In August 1929, he moved back to the ASL to play for the Hakoah All-Stars.

An ankle injury ended Maximilian Gold's active career. In the early 1930s he was the owner and manager of the Maccabi Chicago football team. He later worked as a coach in the Baltics for the Lithuanian national team and Bar Kochba Kaunas.
In 1922, Gold earned two caps with the Austria national football team. The first was a 1–1 tie with Hungary on 30 April. He played his second game on 11 June in a 7–1 victory over Switzerland.
After the annexation of Austria to the German Reich, he emigrated to Luxembourg with his wife in 1938 . After the occupation of Luxembourg by the Wehrmacht, he was used for forced labor. On November 17, 1941, he received an order from the Gestapo according to which he and his family were to be interned in Cinqfontaines. With the help of Luxembourg resistance fighters, they managed to escape to Belgium.

After the war he came back to Austria. He worked as a sports manager in Vienna. Gold died 1961 in Tehran, where he was on tour with the Swedish team Malmö FF, by falling down an elevator shaft.

The Wonderful World of Make Believe

The Wonderful World of Make Believe is a 1964 studio album by Johnny Mathis. It was released on 10 July, 1964 through Mercury Records and went to number 75 in the United States.



This Is Love (Johnny Mathis album)

This Is Love is a studio/love album by Johnny Mathis. It was released on September 18, 1964 through Mercury Records and went to number 40 in the United States. It contains three cover singles by Nat King Cole.



Grant-maintained school

Grant-maintained schools or GM schools were state schools in England and Wales between 1988 and 1998 that had opted out of local government control, being funded directly by a grant from central government. Some of these schools had selective admissions procedures.

Light beer

Light beer is the name for beer that either has less alcohol, or fewer calories than regular beer. Light beer with less alcohol is made in a special process, either the fermentation is stopped, or the alcohol is later extracted. This is similar to making alcohol-free beer. Light beers are sometimes criticised, because some of them have "less taste" than regular beers. Light beers contain up to 30% less alcohol than regular beers. Regular beer contains between 4 and 6 percent alcohol by volume, light beer usually contains 2-3%.

Large-scale production of light beers in the United States started in the mid-1970s. The first brewery to sell light beer was Coors Brewing Company, who sold Coors Light in the 1940s, during World War II.

Beer with less alcohol is very popular in the United States. 

IP code

The IP code or ingress protection code refers to a standardized rating system used to measure the level of protection provided by an enclosure against the intrusion of solid objects and liquids. It is particularly relevant in the context of electronic devices, outdoor equipment, and industrial machinery.

The IP rating consists of two digits, each representing a specific type of protection. The first digit indicates the degree of protection against solid objects, such as dust, dirt, and accidental contact. It ranges from 0 to 6, with higher numbers indicating a higher level of protection.

The second digit signifies the degree of protection against liquids, such as water and moisture. It ranges from 0 to 9, with higher numbers indicating a higher level of protection. A rating of 0 denotes no protection, while a rating of 9 indicates protection against powerful water jets or submersion for extended periods.

By referring to the IP rating of a device or equipment, you can determine its ability to withstand various environmental conditions. For example, a waterproof Bluetooth speaker with an IP68 rating implies that it is dust-tight and can be submerged in water up to a certain depth without being damaged.

Yadavs of Devagiri

The Seuna, Sevuna, Gavli Ahir kings or Yadavs of Devagiri was an Indian dynasty, that existed from the mid-9th to mid 14th century. At its peak, the kingdom stretched from the Tungabhadra to the Narmada rivers, including present-day Maharashtra, north Karnataka and parts of Madhya Pradesh. The capital was at Devagiri (present-day Daulatabad in Maharashtra). The Yadavas initially ruled as feudatories of the Western Chalukyas. Around the middle of the 12th century, they declared independence and established independence that reached its peak under Singhana II.

According to local tradition, the town of Sinnar was established by the Gavali (Yadava) chief Rav Singuni. His son Rav Govinda built the great temple of Gondeshwara or Govindeshwara, at a cost of 2 lakh rupees. Traditionally, Seuna Yadavas are called "Gavli Kings". Bhillama V (1185–93) moved their capital from Sinnar, near Nashik, to Devagiri. They were also known as Gollas in Andhra Pradesh, who were hostile to the Hoysalas. Like Hoysala Yadavas, Seunas Yadavas were also originally pastoralists or cattle-herders. The Yadavas often proudly claimed their pastoral ancestry.

Taruga (frog)

Taruga is a genus of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae. They live in Sri Lanka.

Scientists used to call "Taruga" "Polypedates". "Taruga" has three species in it: "T. fastigo", "T. eques", and "T. longinasus". The frogs in "Taruga" have cone-shaped flesh around their vent.

"Taruga" in Sanskrit (and early-Sinhala) means "tree climber." These frogs live in trees and do not come to the ground. They even lay their eggs in plants that reach out over water.

All three frogs need shade from tree branches for adults to live, and they need shallow, slow-moving streams or puddles to lay eggs.

The female frog builds a foamy nest on a plant that hangs over water. The eggs develop for a few days, and then the tadpoles fall into water. The young frogs that climb out of the water climb up into the trees life.

There are three species in this genus:


Exit poll

An election exit poll is a poll of voters taken right after they leave the polling stations. These polls are usually done by private companies working for newspapers or broadcasters. Exit polls can show somewhat how an election went before the election results are announced. This is helpful because it may take hours to count the votes for many elections.


Mike Pence 2024 presidential campaign

The Mike Pence 2024 presidential campaign began on June 5, 2023, when former Vice President of the United States Mike Pence filed his candidacy for the 2024 United States presidential election with the Federal Election Commission. He officially announced his campaign at a rally in Iowa on June 7, 2023. Polling put Pence far behind former President of the United States Donald Trump and incumbent Governor of Florida Ron DeSantis. This caused political analysts to say that his chances of winning the Republican Party nomination were rather low.

Pence ended his campaign on October 28, 2023 after low polling numbers.

Mises Caucus

The Libertarian Party Mises Caucus (LPMC), also known as the Mises Caucus, is a political faction and caucus of the Libertarian Party. It was founded in 2017 by the paleolibertarian faction of the party. It was inspired by the 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns of Ron Paul. The Mises Caucus got total control of the Libertarian National Committee (LNC) in 2022. This caused a conflict between the LPMC and the Classical Liberal Caucus (CLC).

The founder and chairman of the LPMC is Michael Heise of the Mises Institute. He founded the caucus in response to the struggle between classical liberals and paleolibertarians in August 2017 triggered by the Unite the Right rally. Since then, many notable people in the Libertarian Party have joined it. Some of these people are Ron Paul, Dave Smith, Tom Woods, and Scott Horton. Angela McArdle, Chairwoman of the LNC, is a member of the LPMC as well.

In August 2017, the Unite the Right rally occurred in Charlottesville, Virginia to protest the proposed removal of a statue of Robert E. Lee. Jeff Deist, the President of the Mises Institute, supported the protest. The LNC heavily scrutinized the Mises Institute as a result, accusing Deist of being a White nationalist. The caucus is widely described as white nationalist. The struggle that followed between self-described classical liberals and self-described paleolibertarians resulted in Michael Heise and the latter founding the Mises Caucus.

In 2022, the Mises Caucus took control of the highest positions of power throughout the LNC. Angela McArdle of the Mises Caucus was elected the new Chairwoman of the Libertarian Party with 69% of the delegates. The former leadership of the party became heavily critical of the new LPMC leadership, forming the Classical Liberal Caucus in reaction. In spite of resistance from the CLC, the LPMC used their power in the LNC to bring the Libertarian Party into the anti-war movement. The Libertarian Party began working with the People's Party to organize new anti-war protests. This resulted in Rage Against the War Machine, a major anti-war rally in Washington, D.C. on February 19, 2023. The rally focused primarily on the United States' involvement in the Russo-Ukrainian War and the torture of Julian Assange.

The Advisory Board is a group of 11 individuals who, alongside Chairman Michael Heise, run the Mises Caucus. The members are:


An offshoot of the Mises Caucus was founded within the Republican Party in 2021, known as the GOP Mises Caucus. The GOP Mises Caucus advocates for economic growth and tax resistance. It is a firm opponent of COVID-19 lockdowns, referring to it as the "Covid Regime."

In 2023, the Mises Caucus and the People's Party collaborated to launch an anti-war protest on February 19 known as Rage Against the War Machine.

Born to Be Wild (movie)

Born to Be Wild is a 1995 American family adventure comedy movie directed by John Gray and starring Wil Horneff, Helen Shaver, John C. McGinley, Peter Boyle, Gregory Itzin, Alan Ruck, Obba Babatundé, Janet Carroll. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Hot Fuss

Hot Fuss is the first studio album by the Killers. The Killers are an American rock band. The album was released on June 7, 2004 in the United Kingdom. It was released on June 15, 2004, in the United States. Island Records released the album. The album had four singles. The singles are "Mr. Brightside", "Somebody Told Me", "All These Things That I've Done" and "Smile Like You Mean It". 

The album was number seven on the "Billboard" 200. It was number one on the UK Albums Chart. "Hot Fuss" was nominated for five Grammy Awards. the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) gave the album a platinum certification. 

All tracks are produced by Jeff Saltzman and the Killers, except "Everything Will Be Alright". Brandon Flowers produced this song.

Win Some Lose Some

"Win Some Lose Some is a 2000 song by Robbie Williams and is the fifth and final single from his second studio album "I've Been Expecting You". It was only released in New Zealand where it made number 7 on the charts. Nicole Appleton from All Saints provides "I love you baby" on the intro. It was included on the New Zealand version of "Greatest Hits" album in 2004.

New Zealand CD single

Photograph (Ringo Starr song)

"Photograph" is a 1973 song by Ringo Starr and taken from his third studio album "Ringo". It was co-written by George Harrison and Ringo Starr. It went to number 1 in Australia, Canada and the United States. It went to the top 10 in Belgium, Germany, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, South Africa, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

Wang Chong

Wang Chong (27 – c. 97 AD) courtesy name was an astronomer, meteorologist, naturalist, philosopher, and writer in China. He was able to develop a rational, secular, naturalistic and mechanistic account of the world and materialistically explained the origin of the universe.

Jia Kui

Jia Kui (30–101 CE) was a philosopher in China of the Eastern Han period. He was a descendant of Jia Yi. Jia was born in Pingling.

Poppaea Sabina

Poppaea Sabina (30 AD – 65 AD) was Nero's wife and empress in the Roman Empire. She was a beautiful woman who used intrigue for personal gain.

Josef Smistik

Josef Smistik (28 November 1905 – 28 November 1985) was an Austrian football player and manager. He played mainly for SK Rapid Wien. He was captain of the Austrian Wunderteam.
He started at ESV Stadlau. In 1926 he moved to SK Rapid Wien. In his first season, Pepi Smistik was able to win the ÖFB Cup and reach the final of the Mitropapokal, the forerunner of the European Cup. 1937 the Rapid captain also left his club, and went back back to his youth club FC Stadlau. After that he played for Kremser SC as a player-coach.

After the Second World War he was only coach. He managed the Swiss club FC Schaffhausen (1952-1955) in the top division. In the 1958/59 season he looked after Wiener Austria as section manager. Towards the end of his life he suffered from Parkinson's disease. On his 80th birthday he died after a stroke in the Lainz hospital. Smistik was buried in the Stadlauer Friedhof.

Ohinewai

Ohinewai of Ōhinewai is a small town in the Waikato District, New Zealand. It is situated of the east bank of the Waikato River and is 9 kilometers north of Huntly on State Highway 1. In 2019 bed manufacturer Comfort Group announced its intention to create housing estate. It has a primary school in the town. 

A Thousand Miles

"A Thousand Miles" is a 2002 debut single from Vanessa Carlton and is the leading single from her debut studio album "Be Not Nobody". It topped the single charts in Australia and made the top 30 in every country it charted in. It was nominated for 3 Grammy Awards in 2003.

Somebody (Bryan Adams song)

"Somebody" is a 1985 song by Bryan Adams and is the second single from his fourth studio album "Reckless". It went to number 11 in the United States, number 13 in Canada, number 20 in Ireland and number 35 in the United Kingdom.

Leopold Hofmann

Leopold Hofmann (31 October 1905 – 9 January 1976) was an Austrian football midfielder. He played for First Vienna FC. He also played for Austrian national football team . 
He started his career at Gersthofer SV. 1925 he went to Vienna. There he stayed till the end of his career in 1939. He became Champion and Cup-winner twice with the Vienna.1939 he came back to Gersthofer SV and finished his career there.
He played 29 matches for the Austrian national football team and scored one goal. His first match was on 24 May 1925 a 3-1 away-loss versus Czechoslovakia. His last one was also a loss versus this team on 24 October 1937. He was also a member of the team for the 1934 FIFA World Cup.

From 1953 to 1958 he was manager at First Vienna FC. There he coached youth teams and the first team. In 1954–55 Vienna was Austrian champion for the last time. 


Under My Wheels

"Under My Wheels" is a 1971 song by Alice Cooper. It was taken from their fourth studio album "Killer". It went to number 59 in the United States. It has been covered live by Hanoi Rocks, Foo Fighters and Manic Street Preachers. It has appeared on their greatest hits compilation albums in 1974, 1989, 1999, 2001 and 2004.

The Vampyre of Time and Memory

"The Vampyre of Time and Memory" is a 2013 song by Queens of the Stone Age. It was released as a promotional single and was taken from their sixth studio album "...Like Clockwork". An interactive music video was released in November 2013.

Rhenanoperca

Rhenanoperca is an extinct genus of prehistoric perciform fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene. It is a kind of fossil fish.



Gascony

Nestled in the southwestern corner of France, Gascony is a region that beckons travellers with its rich heritage, stunning landscapes, and renowned culinary delights. Stretching from the Pyrenees Mountains to the Atlantic coast, Gascony captivates visitors with its old-world charm and laid-back atmosphere. In this article, we will delve into what Gascony truly is, exploring its history, culture, and attractions that make it a hidden gem for those seeking an authentic French experience.

Gascony boasts a history that dates back centuries, shaped by a blend of influences from the Celts, Romans, Visigoths, and Franks. It was once a powerful duchy and played a crucial role in medieval European politics. Gascony's strategic location, bridging the gap between France and Spain, made it a coveted prize for many rulers throughout history. Despite its turbulent past, Gascony has managed to preserve its unique identity and distinct cultural traditions.

One of the defining characteristics of Gascony is its warm and welcoming people. The Gascons, known for their friendly nature and relaxed way of life, take great pride in their regional heritage. The Gascon language, Occitan, still survives in pockets of the region, adding to the cultural richness and diversity. Visitors will find themselves immersed in a community that cherishes its traditions, from the lively festivals celebrating local cuisine and wine to the age-old rituals passed down through generations.

Speaking of cuisine, Gascony is a gastronomic paradise. Renowned for its hearty and flavoursome dishes, the region boasts a culinary heritage that is deeply rooted in its rural traditions. Gascon cuisine celebrates the use of locally sourced ingredients, particularly duck, foie gras, and Armagnac brandy. Cassoulet, a slow-cooked casserole of white beans, sausages, and duck confit, is a signature dish that epitomizes the region's rustic flavors. Food enthusiasts can explore bustling farmers' markets, sample artisanal cheeses, and savour the delicate flavours of renowned wines like Madeiran and Jurançon.

Beyond its delectable cuisine, Gascony offers breath taking landscapes that showcase the region's natural beauty. From rolling hills and vineyards to picturesque medieval towns and fortified villages, Gascony is a haven for those seeking tranquillity and a slower pace of life. The Pyrenees Mountains provide a majestic backdrop for outdoor enthusiasts, offering opportunities for hiking, skiing, and exploring charming mountain villages. The Atlantic coastline, dotted with pristine sandy beaches and charming seaside resorts, is perfect for those seeking sun, sea, and relaxation.

Gascony is also a haven for history and culture buffs. The region is home to numerous castles, churches, and historic sites that bear witness to its rich past. The picturesque town of Auch, with its magnificent Gothic cathedral and historic centre, is a must-visit. The fortified village of Larressingle, known as the "Carthage of the Gers," transports visitors back to medieval times. Additionally, Gascony is renowned for its connection to the musketeer legend, as the birthplace of the famous d'Artagnan, one of the legendary characters from Alexandre Dumas' novel "The Three Musketeers."

In conclusion, Gascony is a captivating region that offers a unique blend of history, culture, and natural beauty. Its warm and welcoming people, delectable cuisine, and stunning landscapes make it an ideal destination for travellers seeking an authentic French experience. Gascony invites visitors to immerse themselves in its rich heritage, savour its culinary delights, and embrace its laid-back way of life. Whether exploring medieval towns, indulging in hearty meals, or simply enjoying the tranquillity of the countryside, Gascony promises an unforgettable journey through the heart of southwestern France.
Anna Shay

Anna Erika Shay (January 30, 1961 — June 1, 2023) was an American socialite, businesswoman, philanthropist, and television personality. She was best known as a cast member on the Netflix reality television series "Bling Empire".

Anna Erika Shay was born in Tokyo, Japan, on January 30, 1961, as the eldest of two children to Edward Shay, an American businessman, and Ai Oizumi Shay, a Japanese-Russian businesswoman who came from Russian aristocracy. Her younger brother was Allen Shay. Her older half-brother from her mother's first marriage was Jun Oizumi.

Shay graduated from the Buckley School, a private school in Sherman Oaks. She attended the University of Southern California and other colleges.

Shay made her television debut on January 15, 2021, as an original cast member on the Netflix reality television series "Bling Empire". She quickly became a breakout star and was often named a fan-favorite. When Jeff Jenkins, the show's executive producer, approached her with the opportunity to join the show, Shay thought she was being asked to help in a behind-the-scenes consultant capacity. She appeared in 22 episodes.

Shay was a board member for the George Lopez Foundation; raising awareness about kidney disease and organ donation.

Shay had an estimated net worth of $600 million at the time of her death. Shay's date of birth was January 30, 1961, however, the media have consistently reported her birth date to be December 31, 1960.

Shay had been married and divorced four times. One of her ex-husbands was from Ireland, with whom she visited Ashford Castle once.

Shay's marriage to Kenneth John Kemp, a third generation firefighter with the LAFD, lasted three years and resulted in the birth of her only son, Kenneth Edward "Kenny" Shay-Kemp, on October 5, 1993. She raised her son as a single mother after the couple divorced. Her legal name during this marriage was Anna Erika Kemp, later switching back to Shay. She had one granddaughter.

Shay died from a stroke on June 1, 2023. She was 62. 

Source: 

Through the Barricades (song)

"Through the Barricades" is a 1986 song by English new wave band Spandau Ballet and is the title track from their fifth studio album "Through the Barricades". It went to number 1 in Italy, number 4 in the Netherlands, number 6 in the United Kingdom, number 7 in Norway, number 10 in Belgium and number 14 in Germany. It was their final top 10 hit in the United Kingdom.

ITV Channel Television

ITV Channel Television previously known as Channel Television, is a British television station which has been serving the Channel Islands since the station launched in 1962. The company is based in Jersey and shows regional programmes for the ITV network. Until November 2011, Channel Television was one of four ITV companies that was not owned by ITV plc with the two STV regions in Scotland and UTV in Northern Ireland. Since 2012, ITV plc has owned the station and the broadcasting licence was moved to ITV Broadcasting Limited in March 2017.

Channel Television was awarded the licence for the Channel Islands in 1960 by the regulator at the time, the Independent Television Authority (ITA). The ITA pointed out the Television Act 1954 that started ITV and the ITA did not include the Channel Islands, and if the ITA was to have an ITV service there, it would require an extension of the act with an Order in Council. The station also faced difficulty with connecting to the rest of the ITV network. The solution was to create a relay station on the island of Alderney that would connect with another ITV station, originally Westward Television. The station also had issues getting permission for the mast but they gained permission in September 1961.

576i

576i is a standard-definition digital video mode, originally used to make analog television digital in most countries where the utility frequency for power distribution is 50 Hz. Because of its association with older colour encoding systems, it is often referred to as PAL, PAL/SECAM or SECAM when compared to its 60 Hz NTSC colour-encoded counterpart, 480i.

"576" identifies a vertical line count of 576 and the "i" identifies it as an interlaced resolution. The refresh rate, 50 Hz, is sometimes including when finding out the video mode, i.e. 576i50; another notation is the frame rate, endorsed by both the International telecommunications Union in BT.601 and SMPTE in SMPTE 259M to make it 576i/25.

2024 Libertarian Party presidential primaries

The 2024 Libertarian Party presidential primaries are an upcoming series of elections in order to determine who the presidential nominee of the Libertarian Party will be for the 2024 United States presidential election. The primaries will be concluded at the 2024 Libertarian National Convention from May 24, 2024, to May 26, 2024.

There are currently seven candidates seeking the presidential nomination of the Libertarian Party including Art Olivier, the 2000 nominee for vice president. One of them, Jacob Hornberger, previously sought the 2020 nomination as a member of the Mises Caucus, however lost it to Jo Jorgensen. Hornberger also sought the 2000 nomination, which he lost to Harry Browne. An eighth candidate, Joe Exotic, initially sought the 2024 nomination as well, however withdrew to seek the Democratic Party nomination instead. In addition, Justin Amash and Dave Smith have expressed interest in running, although neither have declared candidacy.

Ahja (river)

The Ahja () is a river in Estonia. The river is long. The river begins at Lake Erastvere and empties into the River Emajõgi.

Ahja

Ahja is a small borough ("") in Põlva Parish, Põlva County in southeastern Estonia. Called after the Ahja River, it is located 191  km  southeast of Tallinn and about 16km north of Põlva.


Georg Hellat

Georg Hellat (3 March 1870, Puka, Governorate of Livonia – 28 August 1943, Tallinn, Generalbezirk Estland) was an Estonian architect.

His most known piece of work is the building of the Estonian Students' Society in Tartu (1902).

Puka, Estonia

Puka () is a small borough () in Otepää Parish, Valga County, in southern Estonia. It was the administrative centre of Puka Parish until 2017. At the 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 580. 

The architect Georg Hellat (1870–1943) was born in Puka.

On 1 May 1897, a military train went off the rails 3km north of Puka. 58 people were killed and 44 were heavily wounded in the accident.

B9

B9, B-9 or B IX can be:






Chris Christie 2024 presidential campaign

The Chris Christie 2024 presidential campaign began on June 6, 2023. Chris Christie announced his second presidential campaign. He used to be Governor of New Jersey. He ran for president before in 2016. 

In December 2020, Christie told radio talk show host Hugh Hewitt that he could run in 2024. On March 16, 2023, Christie announced that he would decide running for president within 45 to 60 days. Christie visited New Hampshire in late March, saying it was to see if he's ready to compete.

Christie ended his campaign on January 10, 2024 after low polling numbers and pressure to drop out to help Nikki Haley win New Hampshire.

IOS 17

iOS 17 is the seventeenth release of the iOS mobile operating system developed by Apple. It was announced on June 5, 2023 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference and was publicly released on September 18, 2023 as the successor to iOS 16.

iOS 17 adds interactive widgets to iPhones. These widgets work on different screens, like the Home Screen and Lock Screen. They help you finish reminders, control music, and manage Home app accessories. Third-party apps can now also use these features in the future. Before, there were rules limiting what widgets could do, but now they can scroll, use buttons, and have animations on the Home Screen.

Send Away the Tigers

Send Away the Tigers is the eighth studio album by Welsh rock band Manic Street Preachers and was released on 7 May, 2007 through Columba Records. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 4 in Ireland, number 10 in Finland, number 21 in Sweden, number 33 in New Zealand, number 35 in the Netherlands, number 38 in Norway, number 39 in Japan and number 43 in Switzerland.



All Quiet on the Western Front (song)

"All Quiet on the Western Front" is a 1982 song by Elton John. It is the closing track to his 16th studio album "Jump Up!". It was also released as a single in the United Kingdom but did not chart. The song title is taken from the novel of the same name by Erich Maria Remarque.

Tumbling Dice

"Tumbling Dice" is a song by the Rolling Stones. The Rolling Stones are an English rock band. Mick Jagger and Keith Richards wrote the song. It is a single from "Exile on Main St." (1972). It is the main single from the album. The band released the single on 14 April 1972.

The song was number five on the UK Singles Chart. It was on the music chart for eight weeks. It was number seven on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Other music makers have made cover versions of "Tumbling Dice", such as Linda Ronstadt.

The Masses Against the Classes

"The Masses Against the Classes" is a 2000 song by Welsh rock band Manic Street Preachers and was released as a stand alone song. It went to number 1 in Scotland and the United Kingdom, number 4 in Finland, number 7 in Ireland, number 12 in Norway and number 157 in France where it was their only song of theirs to chart in France.

All music was written by James Dean Bradfield and Sean Moore except where indicated. All lyrics were written by Nicky Wire except where indicated.

UK CD and 10-inch single

Jrue Holiday

Jrue Randall Holiday (born June 12, 1990) is an American basketball player. He plays for the Milwaukee Bucks in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball with the UCLA Bruins. He was picked by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 2009 NBA draft. He was picked in the first round of the draft. Holiday played with the 76ers for four seasons. He joined the New Orleans Pelicans in 2013. He won a gold medal in the 2020 Summer Olympics. He helped the Milwaukee Bucks win the NBA Finals in 2021.

Both of Holiday's parents played college basketball. They played at Arizona State University.

Theloderma lacustrinum

The lake bug-eyed frog ("Theloderma lacustrinum") is a frog. It lives in Laos. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Ban Naxang Village near the Nam Lik Reservoir.

The adult male frog is 17.0-20.6 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin on the frog's back is light brown in color with brown and black marks. The frog's belly is gray. The iris of the eye is the color of bronze metal. The frog's DNA shows that it is related to "Theloderma lateriticum".

Theloderma auratum

The golden bug-eyed frog ("Theloderma auratum") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam. Scientists think it might also live in Laos. It lives in tropical forests on mountains.

The adult male frog is about 21.8–26.4 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog has no warts or bony ridges on its skin. There is no webbed skin on its front feet. The skin of its back is gold-yellow in color with gold-orange and brown marks. The skin of its legs is reddish brown on top.

Scientists named this frog "auratum" for the Latin language word for "gold."

Deepwater arrowtooth eel

The deepwater arrowtooth eel ("Histiobranchus bathybius") is a cutthroat eel of the genus "Histiobranchus", found globally. It was named by Albert Günther in 1877. It is a little bigger than all the other species in the genus "Histiobranchus".


Histiobranchus australis

Histiobranchus australis, the southern cutthroat eel, is a cutthroat eel in the family Synaphobranchidae. It dwells at a depth range of 950 to 3,001 metres (3,117 to 9,846 ft) as it leads a benthic lifestyle. It is a marine, deep water-dwelling eel which is known from the southern Atlantic, Indian, and Pacific Ocean. It is also known as the angel eel, spider eel, cutthroat fish, or the southern cutthroat. Synonyms for it are "Synaphobranchus australis".


Miss Grand International

Miss Grand International is an international beauty contest based in Thailand for promotion "Stop the war and violence" campaign. 

The contest was established by Nawat Itsaragrisil, a Thai businessman and television producer in 2013. The competition was began in Nonthaburi, Thailand on November 19, 2013 with 71 contestants. As a result, Janelee Chaparro from Puerto Rico is the first winner in this contest.

In 2016, Miss Grand International was organized overseas from Thailand for the first time in Las Vegas, United States. Since 2015, the organization was defined the 25 of October as the final night of the competition except for 2020 and 2021 which were rescheduled by COVID-19 pandemic.

At the moment, Miss Grand International is a remarkable beauty contest especially in Latin America and Far East by having a large number of participants in around 80 countries and territories.

Dreams of Stabbing And/Or Being Stabbed

Dreams of Stabbing And/Or Being Stabbed is the first EP of American rock band My Chemical Romance released in December 2001. It was recorded in the band's first drummer, Matt Pelisser's attic. This EP is also known as "The Attic Demos". As most songs were demos of songs in I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love .


Corruption in Russia

Corruption is seen as a big problem in Russia. It affects many parts of life. This includes the economy, business, public administration, law enforcement, healthcare, and education. Corruption is a big part of the historical model of government. It is seen as the reason the rule of law is weak in Russia. Transparency International said in 2022, "Corruption is endemic in Russia". Russia had the lowest score in Europe in the Corruption Perceptions Index for 2021. It has been said to be a kleptocracy, an oligarchy, and a plutocracy.



Yadavs in Maharashtra

Yadavs in Maharashtra are members of the Yadav community The 1881 census records of the British India state that "the Yadavas, who in their turn are identified with the Gaolis and Ahirs, were the dominant race at that time." Among the claimed Yadav clans of Maharashtra are the Solaskar of Satara district, the Dhangar, and the Jadhav.

I Will Not Bow

"I Will Not Bow" is a 2009 song by Breaking Benjamin and was taken from their fourth studio album "Dear Agony". It went to number 40 in the United States and number 98 in Canada. It did not chart anywhere else on the other countries charts. It was used in the 2009 movie "Surrogates" starring Bruce Willis.

Kühne Logistics University

Kühne Logistics University (KLU) is a private business school and university based in Hamburg, Germany. Established in 2010 by German entrepreneur and billionaire Klaus-Michael Kühne (shareholder of Kühne and Nagel, Hapag-Lloyd, and Lufthansa), KLU promotes general management, operations, and supply chain management. Current president is Andreas Kaplan. 
KLU spans the entire gamut of university education and executive education, from bachelor's and master's degrees, an MBA, to a structured PhD program. The university is mainly financed by tuition fees and the Kühne Foundation.


Churchill Downs (song)

"Churchill Downs" is a song off American rapper Jack Harlow's second studio album "Come Home the Kids Miss You". The song was released on May 6, 2022. The song also features Drake.

On June 1, 2022, a music video for the song was released. It was filmed at the 2022 Kentucky Derby. The song was nominated for "Best Rap Song" at the 65th Grammy Awards but lost to Kendrick Lamar's "The Heart Part 5". 


Bordes family

The Bordes family is a French family, which comes from Armagnac, in Gascony, and has established in Chile, Bordeaux and Paris.

Antoine Dominique Bordes, born on July 21, 1815 in Gimbrède, son of Barthélémy, physician and deputy mayor, and Louise Thérèse Geneviève Bordes, married Victoire Möser on July 19, 1857 in Besançon. From this marriage came three generations of shipowners who have continued the company he founded, with the motto "Union et Persévérance " . Henri Bordes, his nephew, also ran a Bordeaux steamship company, and his son Antoine was director of the Compagnie Générale Maritime.

Barthélémy Bordes (1766-1840) came from an old and notable family from Agenais, including royal officers since the 18th century.

Pierre de Bordes, consul of :




Wilhelm Kaipel

Wilhelm Kaipel (born 20 November 1948) is an Austrian former footballer and coach. He played for different clubs in Austria as goalkeeper. He also was part of the Austrian national football team.
At the age of 10, he began his career as a football player with hometown club ASKÖ Riedlingsdorf. In 1965 he moved to SC Pinkafeld. On 10 October 1965, Pinkafeld had to play away versus Wiener Sport-Club. This game was lost 2:6. Wilhelm Kaipel, who played instead of the standard goalie, made such a good impression that he was signed by the Wiener Sport-Club a few months later. From 1971 to 1975 he played for SV Austria Salzburg. 1975 to 1977 he played for SK VOEST Linz. Wilhelm Kaipel's last match in the Bundesliga was on 30 October 1976 in a game between VOEST Linz and Austria Wien.
In the 1970/71 season Wilhelm Kaipel was called up twice to the Austrian national football team. He did not play in this matches. 
He returned to football as coach in 1982. He coached SV Oberwart. His coaching career had longer breaks due to other professional activities. Later he coaches SK Rapid Wien, VSE St. Pölten and Wiener Sport-Club. 


Headlines (song)

"Headlines" is the second single off Canadian rapper Drake's second studio album "Take Care". The song was released on August 9, 2011.

On December 3, 2011, a music video for the song was released. It featured Drake rapping at different areas in Toronto including the Rogers Centre, going up the glass elevator in the CN Tower, and at Guild Park.


Project Tiger

Project Tiger is a tiger conservation programme launched on April 1 1973 by the Government of India. The project aims to help a viable population for the Bengal Tiger in its natural habitats, protecting it from being wiped out and preserving areas that are important to biology as a natural heritage that represents diversity within the ecosystems across the tiger's range in India.

Olé (Johnny Mathis album)

Olé is a Latin music studio album by Johnny Mathis. It was released in November 1964 through Mercury Records and is the non-holiday themed since Mathis's first studio album release in 1956. It did not chart at all in the Billboard 200.



Broadway (album)

Broadway is a 1964 studio album by Johnny Mathis. It was released on August 28, 2012 through Mercury Records after being shelved for 48 years. It was publicly made available after Sony Music Entertainment released it on 2CD pack.


Castelnau

A castelnau (from the Occitan words castèl nòu, meaning "new castle") is a type of village or town set up in the Middle Ages near a castle.

At the end of the Early Middle Ages, two buildings made people want to live in a town. These were the castle and the church. During this time period, there were types of towns called "castra," "castet," "forts," and "castelnaus". They were said to be fortified settlements with a stone castle inside. Castelnaus were usually made up of many houses in the center. Castelnaus were usually on defensive places at higher elevations.

Many types of these 'towns' can be found: round villages like Fourcès in Gers, long street villages or on a high point like Biran in Gers, and villages with concentric circular arcs terraces dominated by the castle.

Topaz (1969 movie)

Topaz is a movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock in 1969. It stars Frederick Stafford, Dany Robin, Karin Dor, John Vernon, Claude Jade, Michel Subor, Michel Piccoli, Philippe Noiret and John Forsythe. 

Topaz tells a Cold War espionage story set in 1962, just before the Cuban Missile Crisis.
A Russian defector informs the Americans that Soviet missiles are planned to be stationed in Cuba. Frenchman André Devereaux (Frederick Stafford) is tasked with finding out whether there are actually Soviet nuclear missiles in Cuba.
Devereaux and his wife Nicole (Dany Robin) accompany their daughter Michèle (Claude Jade) and son-in-law François Picard (Michel Subor) on their honeymoon to New York. André can gain initial insights in New York. These require further research in Cuba. He can collect evidence with the help of the Cuban Juanita (Karin Dor).
Now André is supposed to unmask the "Topas" spy ring. His son-in-law François and his daughter Michèle support him. And his wife Nicole, who was jealous of Juanita, is having an affair with a friend of her husband's, Jacques Granville (Michel Piccoli)...


Bilozerka settlement hromada

Bilozerka settlement hromada is a hromada in Kherson oblast's Kherson raion (or district) in Ukraine.

Its capital is Bilozerka, an urban-type settlement.

Doug Burgum 2024 presidential campaign

On June 7, 2023, Doug Burgum, the 33rd governor of North Dakota, announced his candidacy for the 2024 United States presidential election. He is running for the Republican Party nomination in its 2024 presidential primaries.

In March 2023, Burgum had shown interest in running for president. He announced his campaign at a rally in Fargo, North Dakota.

After low polling numbers and failing to qualify in the third and fourth presidential debate, Burgum suspended his campaign on December 4, 2023. 

Chornobaivka rural hromada

Chornobaivka rural hromada is a hromada in Kherson raion, Kherson Oblast, Ukraine.

Its capital is Chornobaivka, a suburban village.

Love Is Everything (Johnny Mathis album)

Love Is Everything is a 1965 studio album by Johnny Mathis. It was released on 5 March, 1965 through Mercury Records and included covers of hit songs from the 1930s, 1940s, 1950s and 1960s. It went to number 11 in the United States.



The Sweetheart Tree

The Sweetheart Tree is a 1965 studio album by Johnny Mathis. It was released on 30 September, 1965 through Mercury Records and went to number 71 in the United States.





Nature parks in Switzerland

Nature parks in Switzerland are 18 protected areas in Switzerland. There are national parks, regional nature parks, and nature experience parks. These parks are marked as "parks of national importance" by the Federal Act on the Protection of Nature and Cultural Heritage.

National parks and nature experience parks have strict rules, unlike regional nature parks. Regional parks aim to balance saving nature and supporting the local economy.

One National park in Switzerland is Swiss National Park. Regional nature parks are Aargau Jura Park, Beverin Nature Park, Binntal Nature Park, Chasseral Nature Park, Diemtigtal Nature Park, Doubs Nature Park, Parc Ela, UNESCO Entlebuch Biosphere, Gantrisch Nature Park, Gruyère Pays-d'Enhaut Nature Park, Jura vaudois Nature Park, Pfyn-Finges Nature Park, Thal Nature Park and Val Müstair Biosphere.

One experience park is called Zürich Wilderness Park.

Kherson Raion

Kherson Raion (; ) is a raion (district) of Kherson Oblast, Ukraine.

As of 2023's fourth quarter, Russian soldiers are occupying large parts of the district.

Swiss National Park

Swiss National Park is a protected area in Switzerland. It is located in the Eastern Alps of Switzerland. It is the country's only national park. This park was founded on August 1, 1914, the national holiday of Switzerland. It is one of the oldest national parks in Europe.

It is part of the worldwide UNESCO Biosphere Reserve.

The park covers an area of 174.2 square kilometers and is situated in the canton of Graubünden, near Zernez, S-chanf, Scuol, and the Fuorn Pass in the Engadin valley, close to the Italian border.

Swiss National Park is known for its strict rules. Visitors are not allowed to leave marked paths, start fires, or camp outside the mountain hut, called Chamanna Cluozza. Taking any items or disturbing the park's animals and plants is also prohibited. Dogs are not allowed, even on a leash. 

A visitor centre is located in Zernez. The road through the park leads over the Fuorn Pass (or "Ofenpass") to South Tyrol in Italy. 

In addition to the Swiss National Park, Switzerland also has sixteen regional nature parks.

Skadovsk Raion

Skadovsk Raion is a raion (district) of Kherson Oblast, Ukraine.

Kakhovka Raion

Kakhovka Raion is a raion (district) of Kherson Oblast, Ukraine.

Aargau Jura Park

Aargau Jura Park is a protected area in Switzerland. It is in the Swiss canton of Aargau, north of Aarau, between the Aare and Rhine rivers. It has an area of 241 square kilometers (93 square miles) and reaches heights of up to 350 meters (1,150 ft) above the valley floor.

The park is mainly located on the Jurassic Plateau, between Frick and Villigen. It includes the Aargau Jura mountains and valleys. There are sparse pine forests, fruit orchards, rocky steppes, dry meadows, and terraced vineyards in the northern part of the park. In the southern region there are forests and wildlife.

In the past, villages Herznach and Wölfinswil mined ore in the park and left many studs. A mining tunnel was excavated and made accessible to visitors.

Elsa Binder

Eliszewa "Elsa" Binder (between 31 January and 13 March 1920 on or after 18 June 1942), was a Polish–born Jewish girl who kept a diary in which she documented her life as a Jew during the Holocaust. During the Holocaust, she also courageously helped the other Jews imprisoned in her quarter, by smuggling food, money, and other supplies. She died around the age of 22.

She gained some posthumous fame in her homeland because of her diary, in which she documents her life as a Jew during the Holocaust in 1941 and 1942.

Binder was born in Stanislawów, Poland, in modern-day Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukraine, between January and March 1920, where she was raised. In September 1939, the Germans began invading Poland (with the help of the Soviet Union) and after occupation began in October, they began persecuting Jews in Poland.In June 1941, the Binder family were trapped in Stanislawów, when the Germans eventually reached their city. Binder lost her citizenship and became stateless. As the persecutions of the Jewish population increased in December 1941, the Binder family were taken into captivity in a quarter in Stanislawów, where Binder lost her younger sister Dora there in 1942.

From 23 December 1941 until 18 June 1942, she had kept a diary which she wrote in it regularly. 

After World War II ended in 1945, Andrea Axt, Binder's cousin, who had escaped Poland and fled to the United Kingdom, returned to Poland after the war ended, and was given Binder's diary. Axt tried to publish the diary but to no avail.

Binder was born Eliszewa Binder between January and March 1920 in Stanislawów, Poland (modern-day Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukraine) to Polish-born Jewish parents, the eldest of three children. The other two being named Dora and Bronek. Her father died in 1925, thus leaving her mother widowed, for a while. Her mother then remarried, but after a few years, her mother divorced him, discovering he was having a affair, without her knowledge. When she divorced him, she was pregnant with a fourth child. The divorce led the Binder family to be in a state of homelessness twice. Her mother managed to rent a apartment for her and the children. In 1933, Binder joined a group of Zionists, and made some friends to. Her mother remarried for the third time. The husband, being a landlord of their apartment, was very abusive to the children, with Binder's mother refusing to act. This led Binder to move in with strangers who also abused her. The reason she moved in with them, was because she had some freedom and independence. She then returned to live with her mother and siblings.

In September 1939, Germany invaded and occupied the western part of Poland with the help of the Soviet Union, who attacked the eastern side of Poland, when Binder was 19 years old.
In June 1941, the Germans eventually reached Stanislawów, the city where the Binder family lived. This was becuase, Germany attempted to invade the Soviet Union and occupy the remainder of Poland.

Under the Soviet occupation of Poland, conditions were crucial for the Binder family. 
On October 12, 1941, Germans killed ten thousand Jews in Stanislawów (where Binder lived) in a massacre where Binder lost her sister Bronek in the massacre.
In December 1941; two months later, the Binder family were taken into captivity in a ghetto (in the same city where Binder lived), where Binder lost her younger sister Dora there in 1942.

On 23 December 1941, Binder wrote the first entry in her diary.

In a entry dated 27 December 1941 (four days after the first one), she wrote about the dangers in the quarter, and that people who live in the ghetto are in constant threat and fear of poverty, violence, starvation, and death. Binder then writes that she had a fight with her mother and were upset at each other for a few days. She then goes on to write that no matter what moods the two are in, she is Binder's most favorite person and that Binder loves her the most, for she is her "best friend", but that when she sees her mother treats her younger sister Dora, this always makes her "blood boil" and that she becomes "jealous" of her younger sister. She also writes that she does not believes that her mother "loves her younger sister Dora as much as she loves her, but that she demands more from her and is indulgent to Dora". Binder then writes that "she has to express herself more often and more sincerely". She also writes that "she thinks it is very naive and silly, for her to read what she just wrote in her diary". Then she writes that this is her way of thinking. Then she writes "that she apologizes for writing that in her diary without realization", "but that regardless of this discovery, she will continue to write her diary, but that next time she will not read what she just wrote in her diary, right away".

Writing this, Binder was apparently aware that the atmosphere of continual crisis was distorting her normal attitudes and emotions. She felt the need to discuss her feelings but that she could only confide safely in her diary.

The last entry written in Binder's diary is dated 18 June 1942. 

Nothing is known about the death of Elsa Binder, but she was obviously still alive by 18 June 1942, when she wrote the final entry in her diary. She most likely died in the quarter in Stanislawów or the Bełżec extermination camp. The exact circumstances of her death are not known for certain, but it is certain that Binder and her parents died during the Holocaust. Due to the fact that Binder's last diary entry dated 18 June 1942, ended abruptly in mid-sentence, and that Binder's diary was found in a ditch not far from a cemetery (used in the Stanislawów ghetto to shoot Jews to death) in June 1943, a death date of 18 June 1942, can be assumed. However, it is unknown how accurate that death date is.


Thal Nature Park

Thal Nature Park ("Naturpark Thal" in German) is a protected area in Switzerland in the canton of Solothurn. It borders the cantons of Bern and Basel-Landschaft. The largest municipality in the park is Balsthal. The park is located in the wide valley of the Dünnern River, behind the Weissenstein mountain range.

There are ruins of ancient fortresses in the park, which were once used as trade routes through the small town of Klus. However, nowadays, the surrounding land is mostly used for agriculture.

Within the park, there is also the "Haar und Kamm" Museum, which used to be a comb factory.

In 2012, the park was named "park of national importance" by the FOEN (Federal Office for the Environment) and will hold this status for ten years, starting from January 1, 2010.

The Girl from Ipanema

"Garota de Ipanema" ("The Girl from Ipanema") is a Brazilian bossa nova and jazz song. It was very popular in the mid-1960s and won a Grammy for Record of the Year in 1965. It was written in 1962, with music by Antônio Carlos Jobim and Portuguese lyrics by Vinícius de Moraes. English lyrics were written later by Norman Gimbel. It was first sung by Astrud Gilberto. 

The song is about 17 year old Heloísa Pinheiro. Songwriters Jobim and de Moraes saw her walking to the beach in Ipanema, a neighborhood in Rio de Janeiro.

In the US, the single peaked at number five on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and went to number one for two weeks on the Easy Listening chart.

Frank Sinatra and Ella Fitzgerald recorded covers of the song.

In 2001, the song's copyright owners sued Pinheiro for using the title of the song as the name of her boutique (Garota de Ipanema). In their complaint, they said that her status as The Girl from Ipanema did not give her the right to use the name that legally belonged to them. The court ruled in favor of Pinheiro.

It is believed to be the second-most recorded pop song in history, after "Yesterday" by The Beatles.

In 2004, it was one of 50 recordings chosen that year by the Library of Congress to be added to the National Recording Registry. 

The song became popular during the 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics which were held in Rio de Janeiro. The Olympic and Paralympic mascots were named Vinicius and Tom after the song's co-writers by a public vote. The opening ceremony of the 2016 Olympics was themed around the song and the architecture of Oscar Niemeyer. Spotify said that the song had been streamed 40,000 times per day in the days after the ceremony.

Heloísa Pinheiro

Heloísa Eneida Paes Pinto Mendes Pinheiro (born July 7, 1945), better known as Helô Pinheiro (), is a Brazilian businesswoman and former model.

At the age of 17, Pinheiro became the inspiration for the song "The Girl from Ipanema" when songwriters Antônio Carlos Jobim and Vinicius de Moraes saw her walking to the beach in Ipanema.

Pinheiro became a Brazilian Playboy Playmate in 1987 and once again in 2003.

Ipanema

Ipanema () is a neighbourhood in the South Zone of the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, between Leblon and Arpoador. The beach at Ipanema became well known as the subject of the bossa nova jazz song, "The Girl from Ipanema" (""Garota de Ipanema"").

The name "Ipanema" originally was named after a river in the state of São Paulo. The name comes from the Tupi language words "ipá" (pond) and "nem-a" (stinking). 

Vinicius de Moraes

Marcus Vinícius da Cruz e Mello Moraes (19 October 1913 – 9 July 1980), better known as Vinícius de Moraes () and nicknamed O Poetinha ("The little poet"), was a Brazilian poet, lyricist, essayist, musician, singer, and playwright. He was known for writing many popular bossa nova songs such as "The Girl from Ipanema".

Zürich Wilderness Park

Zürich Wilderness Park ("Wildnispark Zürich" in German) is a nature park located near the city of Zürich in Switzerland. It consists of two main areas: the Sihlwald forest and the Langenberg Wildlife Park. The Sihlwald forest is the biggest mixed forest in the Swiss Mittelland and the Langenberg Wildlife Park is the oldest wildlife park in Switzerland. These sites are located in the Sihl Valley, to the south of Zürich.

Hapsburgers gifted the Sihlwald forest to the city of Zürich in 1309 and again in 1524. It provided timber and firewood to the city for many years. Since the 1990s, the forest has been preserved by forest director Andreas Speich, who stopped cutting down trees to protect its unique composition. 

The Langenberg Wildlife Park was founded in 1869 by city forester Carl Anton Ludwig von Orelli.

On August 28, 2009, the Sihlwald forest was named a "regional nature park of national importance" by the FOEN (Federal Office for the Environment).

Zürich Wilderness Park was officially formed, bringing together the Langenberg Wildlife Park and the Sihlwald forest.

Today, the park welcomes more than half a million visitors every year. Visitors can barbecue, hike, cycle, ride horseback through the park.

Volvo B7TL

The Volvo B7TL is a 2-axle low-floor double-decker bus chassis. It was built in 1999 by Volvo Buses.

It was available with Alexander ALX400, Plaxton President, East Lancs Vyking, East Lancs Myllennium Vyking and Wright Eclipse Gemini bodywork.

The first examples were delivered to FirstGroup, Arriva, Travel West Midlands, Travel Coventry and Travel Dundee between 2000-2006.

Taruga eques

The spurred tree frog, saddled tree frog, Gunther's whipping frog, or the montane hourglass tree frog ("Taruga eques") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 1202 and 2135 m above sea level.

Beryslav urban hromada

Beryslav urban hromada is a hromada in Kherson oblast's Beryslav raion (or district) in Ukraine.

Its capital is Beryslav city.

Other websites: Map on Wikimedia Commons 

AEW Fight Forever

AEW Fight Forever is a professional wrestling sport video game. It was published by THQ Nordic. It was developed by Yuke's. It was released worldwide for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Microsoft Windows, Xbox One, Xbox Series X/S, and Nintendo Switch on June 29, 2023.

It is All Elite Wrestling (AEW)'s first video game and Yuke's first wrestling game since they released WWE 2K19 in 2018.

On November 10, 2020, Kenny Omega said the game would have a similar feeling to playing AKI engine games like "WWF No Mercy" and "Virtual Pro Wrestling".

On September 20, 2021, it was announced that Owen Hart would be added to the game. This was announced as part of a partnership between AEW and the Owen Hart Foundation. This is Hart's first time in a video game since appearing in 2004's "".

On August 3, 2022, CM Punk was revealed to be on the cover along with Dr. Britt Baker, D.M.D., Kenny Omega, Chris Jericho, Jon Moxley, and Jade Cargill. After Punk got suspended from the company for a backstage incident, he was removed from the cover. Sting, MJF, Orange Cassidy, Bryan Danielson, and "Hangman" Adam Page.

On August 24, 2023, a battle royale mode called Stadium Stampede was added to the game.


Started from the Bottom

"Started from the Bottom" is the first single off Canadian rapper Drake's third studio album "Nothing Was the Same". The song was released on February 1, 2013.

On February 10, 2013, a music video for the song was released. It featured Drake riding in a Bentley convertible, working at a Shoppers Drug Mart with friends, bowling, standing on a "Started from the Bottom" billboard, riding in a plane over Toronto and partying in the Dominican Republic.

The song was nominated for "Best Rap Song" and "Best Rap Performance" at the 56th Grammy Awards but lost both to Macklemore's "Thrift Shop".


Hamartiology

Hamartiology is a kind of Christian theology that studies sin. It studies how sin affects people and how people can get forgiveness for their sins.

Taiji Ishimori

Taiji Ishimori is a Japanese professional wrestler. He is a member of Bullet Club.

Associated-Rediffusion

Associated-Rediffusion later known as Rediffusion London, was the ITV franchise for London on weekdays between 22 September 1955 and 29 July 1968. It was the first ITV station to broadcast, and was a part of the "Big Four" companies that produced most of the ITV programs during this period.

Rediffusion lost the London franchise in 1968 but merged with ABC to form Thames Television, which would serve London on weekdays from 1968 to 1992.

Associated-Rediffusion Television was originally a partnership between British Electric Traction (BET), its subsidiary Broadcast Relay Services Ltd. (Traded as Rediffusion), and Associated Newspapers, owner of the Daily Mail, which was interested in commercial broadcasting as early as the 1920s. The aftermath of the financial losses made by the ITV system, Associated Newspapers sold the majority of its share in the company to BET and Rediffusion, the company did not drop the "Associated" part of Associated-Rediffusion until 1964. Associated Newspapers later realised the potential of ITV, they became a significant investor in the ITV franchisee for the south, Southern Television and later became a shareholder on Independent Television News (ITN).

Boris Ford became Associated-Rediffusion's first head of schools broadcasting in 1957. During his role as head of schools broadcasting he persuaded Benjamin Britten to compose his church opera "Noye's Fludde" for a series of programmes. However, Ford was dismissed before the opera was produced, allegedly for shortcomings and inexperience in his administrative role.

In 1964, the company simplified its official name to "Rediffusion Television". Because of the new name they also rebranded the station as "Rediffusion London". In October 1967 the Independent Television Authority announced that the company would no longer serve the region after the contract expires in 1968. Due to changes in the ITV network, the weekend franchises in the Midlands and North of England being abolished. ABC Weekend TV, the holders of the now abolished weekend franchises tried applying for the London weekend franchise but the licence was awarded to the London Television Consortium. To preserve ABC, the ITA proposed ABC and Rediffusion make a new company: Thames Television. This was not a merger as commonly stated. ABPC, ABC's parent company and BET, Rediffusion's parent company, created Thames as a separate company. Thames would use staff from ABC's Teddington Studios and Rediffusion's Television House. BET took a 49% stake in Thames and was under-represented in the management. Rediffusion objected towards this and was given two options. Either Thames tok the contract or ABC took over. Rediffusion chose Thames Television and went of air on 29 July 1968 at 12:26 am. Rediffusion's employees at Wembley would work for London Weekend Television while the employees at Television House would work for Thames. Some staff re-located to Yorkshire Television in Leeds.

When Rediffusion launched in September 1955 they adopted a simple look, only having: the station name, and a spinning star called the Adastral. The ident was accompanied by a five note electronic tune, made by tapping out the morse code for 'A-R'.

In 1964, Rediffusion renamed itself from Associated Rediffusion to Rediffusion London, the look was altered to follow. The ident included: a black and grey background, the spinning Adastral star and a sliding animation. The five note tune was replaced by a seven note theme.

Plaxton President

The Plaxton President is a 2-axle double-decker low-floor bus body. It was built from 1998 to 2005 by Plaxton and then TransBus International and then Alexander Dennis respectively.

The body could be built on the Dennis Trident 2 chassis, Volvo B7TL chassis, or DAF DB250 chassis.

East Lancs Vyking

The East Lancs Vyking is a 2-axle double-decker low-floor bus body. It was built from c.2000 to 2006 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders.

The body could be built on the Volvo B7L chassis or the Volvo B7TL chassis.

East Lancs deliberately misspelled bus names (naming it "Vyking" instead of "Viking")

In 2001, East Lancashire Coachbuilders made a new version of the Vyking body called Myllennium Vyking. It were built between 2001 and 2006 and was built on Volvo B7TL chassis.



Hydrogen vehicle

Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles use hydrogen gas as a source of fuel to generate electricity. They are one of the cleanest forms of transportation. Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles use a fuel cell stack in order to convert the chemical energy that’s being stored in hydrogen into electrical energy, which will be used to power an electric motor. A Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicle starts with Hydrogen gas being stored inside a high pressure tank located within the vehicle. Then the hydrogen is given to the fuel cell stack, which is made of an Anode, Cathode, and an Electrolyte. Hydrogen molecules from the storage tanks are then introduced into the anode compartment of each fuel cell. The Hydrogen molecules then usually encounter a catalyst which makes the electrochemical reaction. The Electrochemical reaction is done with the help of the catalyst, which helps split the hydrogen molecules into protons, labeled “H+” and electrons which are labeled “e-”. Once this step is done, the protons move through the proton exchange membrane, while the electrons are forced to use an external circuit because the proton exchange membrane is very selective. While the electrons flow through the external circuit, this creates an electrical current, and this will power the electric motor found in the vehicle. On the other hand, Oxygen is provided to the cathode inside the fuel cell stack, which has the electrons that have taken the external path, and the protons. While inside, they are all mixed to create water (H2O), which will be the only thing the car will leave behind. Using this technology, we are able to assure that Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles will not produce anything that will harm the environment nor use any non-renewable resources aside from the transportation of the Hydrogen needed to power the vehicle. There are some issues with Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles. One of those issues is that it lacks a proper infrastructure. The reason is because one hydrogen fueling stations costs more than one million dollars to make. Another issue is that Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles are also really expensive, as the technology revolving around using hydrogen as fuel is still a fairly new concept, therefore it is also extremely expensive. Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles usually get great range, much more than gas and electric vehicles. Some examples of Hydrogen Vehicles are the Hyundai Nexo, Honda Insight, and the Toyota Mirai.

Fuel cell vehicle

Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles are a type of vehicle that use hydrogen gas as a source of fuel to generate electricity. They are one of the cleanest forms of transportation. 

Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles use a fuel cell stack in order to convert the chemical energy that’s being stored in hydrogen into electrical energy. This energy will then be used to power an electric motor. A Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicle starts with Hydrogen gas being stored inside a high pressure tank located within the vehicle. The hydrogen is given to the fuel cell stack, which is made of an Anode, Cathode, and an Electrolyte. Hydrogen molecules from the storage tanks are then introduced into the anode compartment of each fuel cell. The Hydrogen molecules then usually encounter a catalyst which creates the electrochemical reaction. The electrochemical reaction is done with the help of the catalyst, which helps split the hydrogen molecules into protons, labeled “H+”, and electrons, labeled “e-”. Once this step is done, the protons move through the proton exchange membrane, while the electrons are forced to use an external circuit because the proton exchange membrane is very selective. The electrons flow through the external circuit, which creates an electrical current. This will power the electric motor in the vehicle. On the other hand, Oxygen is provided to the cathode inside the fuel cell stack, which has the electrons that have taken the external path, and the protons. While inside, they are all mixed to create water (H2O), which will be the only thing the car will leave behind. Using this technology, we are able to assure that Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles will not produce anything that will harm the environment nor use any non-renewable resources aside from the transportation of the Hydrogen needed to power the vehicle. 

There are some issues with Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles. One of those issues is that it lacks a proper infrastructure. The reason is because a hydrogen fuelling station costs millions of dollars to make. Another issue is that Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles are also really expensive, as the technology for using hydrogen as fuel is still fairly new, therefore it is also extremely expensive. Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles usually get great range, much more than gas and electric vehicles. Some examples of Hydrogen Vehicles are the Hyundai Nexo, Honda Insight, and the Toyota Mirai.

Marianne Williamson 2024 presidential campaign

Marianne Williamson, an author who was a candidate for the Democratic Party presidential nomination in 2020, announced her campaign for the 2024 United States presidential election on March 4, 2023. Williamson was the first major Democratic candidate to officially announce their candidacy.

Williamson supports healthcare for everyone, free higher education (college and university), free child care and a guaranteed living wage. She also supports increased taxes on the rich, increasing renewable energy, a federal $15 an hour minimum wage and is pro-choice on abortion.

She suspended her campaign on February 7, 2024.


Brassaï

Brassai was a surrealist photographer. He was born on 9 September 1899 in what is now known as Romania. He died on 8 July 1984 in his home on the French Riviera near Nice.

Brassaï trained as an artist. He settled in Paris in 1924. There he worked as a sculptor, painter, and journalist. He associated with such artists as Pablo Picasso, Joan Miró, Salvador Dalí, and the writer Henry Miller.

List of Go, Diego, Go! episodes

"Go, Diego, Go!" is an American animated educational interactive children's television program. It premiered on Nickelodeon on September 6, 2005 in the United States. It was created and executive produced by Chris Gifford and Valerie Walsh Valdes.

The series is a spin-off of "Dora the Explorer". It follows Dora's cousin Diego, an 8-year-old boy. His adventures often involve rescuing animals and protecting their environment.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

AVN Award for Best Actor

The AVN Award for Best Actor is an award that is given yearly by sex industry company "AVN" since the award's creation in 1984.


Adult Film Database

The Adult Film Database (AFD) is an online database of information related to the pornography industry actors, actresses, directors, studios, distributors and pornographic movies.

Pakistan Telecommunication Authority

The Pakistan Telecommunication Authority (PTA) is the telecommunication regulator of Pakistan, responsible for the establishment, operation and maintenance of telecommunication systems and the provision of telecommunication services in Pakistan.

Male prostitution

Male prostitution is the act or practice of men providing sexual services in return for payment. It is a form of sex work. Although clients can be of any gender, the vast majority are older males looking to fulfill their sexual needs.

In Asia, there are at least two countries that have at least one male prostitute.


Act of Settlement 1701

The Act of Settlement is an Act of the Parliament of England. It passed in 1701. It settled the succession to the English and Irish crowns to only Protestants. More specifically, anyone who became a Roman Catholic, or who married one, was not able to inherit the throne.


Zvanivka rural hromada

Zvanivka rural hromada is a hromada in Donetsk oblast's Bakhmut raion (or district) in Ukraine.

Its capital is Zvanivka, a village.


VDL DB250

The VDL DB250 (originally the DAF DB250) is a 2-axle low-floor double-decker bus chassis, It was built by VDL Bus & Coach between 1991–2006.

The DAF DB250 (step-entrance) was built in October 1991 and could only be built on Optare Spectra bodywork In 1994, it was available with Northern Counties Palatine II bodywork.

The DAF DB250LF (low-floor) was built in 1998 and could be built on Optare Spectra, Alexander ALX400, Plaxton President, East Lancs Myllennium Lowlander and Wright Pulsar Gemini bodies. 

In November 2008, It was replaced by the Wright Gemini 2

East Lancs European

The East Lancs European was a step entrance single-decker bus body. It was built between 1995–1996 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders. It was only built on Scania L113CRL chassis.

In 1996, the European was replaced late by East Lancs Flyte.

Taruga fastigo

Taruga fastigo is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Morningside Estate, near Sinharaja Forest Reserve, 1060 m above sea level.
The adult male frog is 35.3 to 39.5 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 54.8 to 63.9 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is brown or dark green in color. There is a mark on the frog's back that looks like an hourglass. There are bumps on the edges of the hourglass and near the rear end.

There are fewer of these frogs than there were. This is because human beings change the places where the frogs live. Human beings cut forests to get wood to build with and build farms.

Scientists name this frog "fastigo" because of its pointed nose.

Yamanashi Gokoku Shrine

It was founded in 1879.

The souls of 25,062 soldiers from many wars are worshipped here. The wars are as follows: First Sino-Japanese War, Russo-Japanese War, and World War II. Gokoku shrines were made to honor the souls of people who died in wars. Yasukuni Shrine leads the shrines.


Shiga Prefecture Gokoku Shrine

There are more than 34,000 people who died in wars from the prefecture. These people are honored in the shrine. The wars are the Boshin War, the Satsuma Rebellion, the first Sino-Japanese War, the Russo-Japanese War, and World War II.

It is a Beppyo shrine which means a highly ranked shrine.

Gokoku shrines were made to honor people who died in wars. They are led by Yasukuni Shrine. They used to be called Shokonsha but the name was changed in 1939.

In the year 1869 a memorial was made in for dead soldiers. 26 people died in the Boshin War from the city and they were honored in the temple. 

In 1875 (Meiji 8), the government said it should be made into a shrine. , the lord of Hikone moved it to the current place.

In 1939, it was renamed 'Shiga Prefecture Gokoku Shrine' by the Minister of Home Affairs . 

After World War II it was renamed to Sasanami Shrine. It was listed as a Beppyo shrine.

In October 1953, after the occupation ended, the name was changed back.



Romerus

Romerus is a small genus of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae. They live in southern China (Hong Kong, Hainan, Guangxi, Guangdong). Some of the species in "Romerus" were in "Philautus". Scientists think "Romerus" might be the most basal genus in Rhacophorinae.

At first, scientists named this genus "Liuixalus" in 2008. They looked at the DNA and saw these frogs were different from the frogs in "Chiromantis." Scientists named the group "Liuixalus" after , a Chinese amphibian scientist. In 2021, scientists looked at the DNA again and decided "Romerus" would be a better name. The name "Romerus" is for British amphibian scientist John D. Romer.

The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) says two of these frog species are vulnerable ("Romerus ocellatus" and "R. hainanus"), one as endangered ("R. romeri"), and one as least-concern ("R. feii"). They do not know enough about "Romerus shiwandashan" to give it a rank.

There are six species in the genus "Romerus":

Romerus ocellatus

The ocellated bubble-nest frog or ocellated small tree frog ("Romerus ocellatus") is a frog. It lives in China. It lives high in the hills on Hainan Island. People have also seen it where Guangdong Province touches Guangxi Province. People have seen it between 320 and 1080 m above sea level.

East Lancs Flyte

The East Lancs Flyte was a 2-axle step entrance single-decker bus body. It was built between 1996–2001 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders.

It was only built on Scania L113CRL chassis, Scania K112CRB chassis, Scania K113CRB chassis, Volvo B6 chassis (), Leyland Tiger chassis (rebodies), Volvo B10M chassis, KIRN Mogul chassis (bodied for Yorkshire Traction only)

East Lancs deliberately misspelled bus names (naming it "Flyte" instead of "Flight")

In 2000, It was replaced by the East Lancs Myllennium-based Hyline.

Romerus calcarius

The limestone small tree frog ("Romerus calcarius") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam in Hai Phong Province. This frog lives in tropical forest that has not been cut down.

The skin of the frog's back is red-brown in color with an X-shaped mark on the shoulder. This frog has disks on its toes for climbing. The pupil of the eye goes side to side and opens up and down.

Scientists named this frog "calcarius" for the Latin language word for "limestone." The frog lives where there is limestone karst rock.

Precocious puberty

Precocious puberty is a medical condition that causes children to develop puberty at a very young age. This usually happens before age 9 and the cause is mostly unknown. It is a rare condition.

Going through puberty too early creates medical and psychological problems. The person might not grow as tall as they could. They might feel very different from their friends and other children in school. Girls who go through puberty early have a bigger chance of being sexually assaulted. They also have a bigger chance of becoming pregnant while still a young teenager. There is a bigger chance that later in life they might get a cancer such as breast cancer, because there is a higher risk associated with the number of years the woman had between puberty (usually defined as menarche for studies) and the first time she has a baby. 

Drugs called puberty blockers can slow down or temporarily stop the process of puberty.

Joey Belladonna

Joey Belladonna (born Joseph Bellardini; October 13, 1960) is an American singer. He is best known as the singer for Anthrax. Anthrax is an American thrash metal band. Belladonna has been nominated for six Grammy Awards.

Belladonna was the singer for Anthrax from 1984 to 1992. After 1992, John Bush was the band's singer. Belladonna joined the band again in 2010. The band made new music with him. Belladonna has also been in other bands. He made a band named Belladonna. He makes his own music in this band. As of 2023, the band has made five albums.

I'm Happy Just to Dance with You

"I'm Happy Just to Dance with You" is a 1964 song by The Beatles. It was taken from their album and movie "A Hard Day's Night". It is the A-side to the single "I'll Cry Instead" and features the vocals of George Harrison. It went to number 95 in the United States.

In 1980, Anne Murray covered I'm Happy Just to Dance with You for her 15th studio album "Somebody's Waiting". It went number 64 in the United States and number 74 in Canada but topped the adult contemporary charts in Canada and went to number 13 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary charts.

East Lancs Greenway

The East Lancs Greenway or National Greenway was a 2-axle single-decker step-entrance bus. It was built from 1991 to c.1994 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders.

The buses were originally Leyland National buses, they were rebuilt by East Lancashire Coachbuilders with window improvements, door improvements and front lights and bumper improvements and called East Lancs Greenway.


Discovery (Daft Punk album)

Discovery is the second studio album by Daft Punk. Daft Punk is a French electronic music group. Virgin Records released the album on 12 March 2001. "Discovery" is different from the band's first album, "Homework" (1997). It is inspired by different types of music, such as disco and R&B. Daft Punk recorded the album between 1998 and 2000. The album uses many samples. Some of the samples are from older music. Other samples were made by Daft Punk.

Other music makers worked on "Discovery", such as Romanthony, DJ Sneak, and Todd Edwards. Daft Punk made many music videos for the album. The group made a movie with Leiji Matsumoto named "". "Interstella 5555" is an anime movie. It uses all of the music from "Discovery".

"Discovery" was successful. Many music critics liked the album. It was on the "Billboard" 200 and UK Albums Chart. Many songs from the album were sampled by other music makers. Kanye West's song "Stronger" uses a sample from "Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger". Daft Punk played "Stronger" at the 2008 Grammy Awards with West. Many music magazines have said "Discovery" is one of the best electronic music albums ever made.

Daft Punk released their first album in 1997. It was named "Homework". After it was released, the group played music at many concerts. The members of the group, Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo, made their own record labels. They also made music videos for many of the songs on "Homework". Bangalter said that many other electronic music makers were inspired by the music on "Homework". Because of this, Daft Punk wanted to make different music.

Daft Punk recorded "Discovery" in Bangalter's house in Paris, France. They started working in 1998, and ended in 2000. Bangalter and Homem-Christo made music together, but they also made music by themselves. This was similar to how they made "Homework". The group used drum machines and samplers to help make the album. They also used Auto-Tune for the singing on the album. Nilesh Patel mastered "Discovery". He was the person who mastered "Homework".

"One More Time" was one of the first songs that was made for the album. It was made in 1998. It was released as a single in 2000. Later, Daft Punk made the song "Too Long". The group said they "didn't want to do 14 more house tracks", so used many different types of music on the album. DJ Sneak wrote the words for the song "Digital Love". Romanthony and Todd Edwards also helped with the album. Daft Punk wanted to work with them on "Homework", but the group was not popular at the time.

Melissa (song)

"Melissa" (sometimes called "Sweet Melissa") is a 1972 song by The Allman Brothers Band and is the second single from their fourth studio album "Eat a Peach". It was written by Gregg Allman in 1967. It did not chart on any of the Billboard charts.

The Joker (Jack Nicholson)

Jack Napier, also known as The Joker is the main villain of the movie "Batman 1989" and based on the DC Comics character of the same name. He was played by Jack Nicholson.

He was a criminal working for crime boss Carl Grissom, but he was set up at the chemical plant, and Batman intervened, which caused him to fall into a vat of chemicals, turning him into the Joker, now angry at the world for his disfigurement, Batman must stop him.
Jack Nicholson's portrayal of the character was well-liked by critics and praised by fans, his quote "Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?" has been long associated with the character.

Josef Stroh

Josef "Pepi" Stroh (5 March 1913 in vienna, Austria-Hungary – 7 January 1991 in Vienna) was an Austrian football midfielder and football manager. He played club football mainly with FK Austria Wien.
He started his career with Floridsdorfer SC. At the age of 17 he moved to Floridsdorfer AC. He debuted on 5 October 1930 and had two other caps in this season. After the first half of the 1932/33 season he moved to FK Austria Vienna in January 1933. Stroh won his first title with the violets in his debut year by winning the ÖFB Cup. He won twice the Mitropapokal in 1933 against Inter Milan and in 1936 against Sparta Prague.

During the National Socialist period Josef Stroh also made four appearances in the German national team . He also took part in the 1938 World Cup in France. In this time he played temporary work as a guest player at Arminia Hannover. After the end of the Second World War, he made seven more appearances for Austria. He ended his playing career by winning the championship at the end of the 1948/49 season. For Austria Wien he played 200 matches and scored 94 goals.
He was part of Austria’s team for the 1934 FIFA World Cup. There he didn’t play any match.
With Austria national football team, he was also part of the squad for the 1948 Summer Olympics but he didn’t play.

He also played for the Germany national football team. and was part of the German squad for the 1938 FIFA World Cup He played one match, the lost replay against Switzerland, as Germany were knocked out in the first round.

He coached SC Wiener Neustadt, FC Wien, SC Schwechat, Jönköpings Södra IF, Malmö FF, IFK Göteborg, SK Brann, Sandvikens IF and Wiener Sport-Club.

Ruakura

Ruakura is a semi-rural suburb of Hamilton. The University of Waikato is located nearly. It has the Ruakura Agriculture Research Center and two primary schools in the suburb. State Highway 1 passes eastwards of the suburb.

Rutile

Tutile is a black or reddish-brown mineral made of titanium dioxide, typically occurring as needle-like crystals.

The main uses for rutile are the manufacture of refractory ceramic, as a pigment, and for the production of titanium metal. Finely powdered rutile is a brilliant white pigment and is used in paints, plastics, paper, foods, and other applications that call for a bright white color.

Roger Harris

Roger Meredith Harris was born 27 July, 1933 in Ōtāhuhu, Auckland, New Zealand. He was a New Zealand cricketer who played two tests in March 1959 and also played for Auckland in the Plunket Shield.

Rosr.a Hollände

Rosr.a Hollände (née Stern) (25 December 186629 January 1942) was the maternal grandmother of Anne Frank, a German-born Dutch Jewish diarist and Holocaust victim. In February of 1939, she fled Germany because of Hitler’s ideology, and went to live with the Frank family in Amsterdam, the capital city of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. On May 10, 1940, the Kingdom of the Netherlands was invaded by the Germans, and unfortunately the prosecution of the Jews living there started. In June of 1941 she was diagnosed with cancer and died of it in late January 1942; a few months before the Frank family went into hiding to escape the Nazi prosecution of the Jews.

Julia (The Beatles song)

"Julia" is a 1968 song by The Beatles. It was taken from their 1968 album "The Beatles" also known as "The White Album". It pays tribute to John Lennon's mother Julia who died in 1958.

British Sugar

British Sugar plc is a subsidiary of Associated British Foods and is the main producer of sugar from sugar beet in the United Kingdom. It processes all sugar beet grown in the country and produces about two-thirds of the UK's sugar quota. The remaining sugar is produced by Tate & Lyle under license to American Sugar Refining, as well as through imports. British Sugar has a contract called the "Inter Professional Agreement" with growers, which determines the price paid for beet and the allocation of quotas. The National Farmers Union negotiates on behalf of the growers.

The company was established in 1936 when the British government nationalized the sugar beet processing industry. It initially operated under the name British Sugar Corporation and later changed its name to British Sugar plc. In 1991, it was acquired by Associated British Foods. Over the years, several factory closures have occurred due to various reasons, including changes in sugar quotas and economic factors. Currently, four factories remain in operation: Bury St Edmunds, Cantley, Newark-on-Trent, and Wissington.

Chinese Taipei women's national football team

The Chinese Taipei women's national football team represents Chinese Taipei (Taiwan) in international women's soccer. It is controlled by the Chinese Taipei Football Association. It has made one appearance at the FIFA Women's World Cup in 1991 where they made the quarter-finals.

Thompson and Morgan

Thompson & Morgan is an independent company based in Ipswich, Suffolk. Founded in 1855, they specialize in offering a wide range of English plants, seeds, and gardening supplies through their websites. The company distributes their products through mail order catalogues, online platforms, and retail outlets. They have a vast selection of over 8,000 products showcased on their websites.

The company traces its origins back to a small garden behind a baker's shop in Ipswich, where William Thompson's passion for botany began. He cultivated rare and unusual plants from seeds sent to him from around the world. Thompson's nursery grew in size and reputation, and he established friendships with renowned scientists of his time. In 1855, Thompson issued his first catalogue, and the business continued to thrive. John Morgan joined the company, contributing his business expertise, and they became one of the country's leading seed firms.

Over the years, Thompson & Morgan experienced growth and expanded its operations. The company went through ownership changes and was eventually acquired by BVG Group in 2017. Today, Thompson & Morgan remains a prominent player in the gardening industry with a wide range of products and a strong presence in the seed market.

PureTech Health

PureTech Health is a biotech company listed on the London Stock Exchange and included in the FTSE 250 Index. It was founded in 2005 by Daphne Zohar. PureTech Health develops medicines to treat serious diseases. It has subsidiary companies focused on various therapeutic areas, including neuropsychiatric disorders, weight management, cognitive disorders, autoimmune diseases, and inflammatory diseases. They also have their own pipeline of therapeutics in immunology, lymphatics, and oncology.

A Funk Odyssey

A Funk Odyssey is the fifth studio album by English funk band Jamiroquai. It was released on 3 September, 2001 through Sony Soho Square. It went to number 1 in Australia, France, Italy, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, number 2 in Germany and Japan, number 3 in Belgium, Ireland and Spain, number 4 in Austria, Finland and the Netherlands, number 5 in Canada, number 9 in Denmark, number 12 in Norway, number 13 in Sweden, number 17 in New Zealand and number 44 in the United States. The album cover marks the first time the Buffalo Man does not appear.

Heart of Glass (song)

"Heart of Glass" is a 1979 song by American band Blondie. It was their third single from their third studio album "Parallel Lines". It topped the single charts in Australia, Austria, Canada, Germany, New Zealand, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. It was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2015.








 This mix is identical to the UK "Diddy's Adorable Edit".

In 2020, Miley Cyrus covered "Heart of Glass" for a digital single and is the A-side to "Midnight Sky". It went to number 17 in Ireland and number 38 in the United Kingdom.

Into the Void (Black Sabbath song)

"Into the Void" is a 1971 song by heavy metal band Black Sabbath and is the final track from their third studio album "Master of Reality". It has a mix of heavy metal and doom metal thrown into it. It was covered by Soundgarden and Kyuss in 1996.

Never Be the Same Again

"Never Be the Same Again" is a 2000 song by Melanie C featuring Lisa Lopes from TLC. It is the third single from her debut studio album "Northern Star". It went to number 1 in the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Scotland, Sweden and the United Kingdom, number 2 in Australia and Romania, number 3 in Austria, Iceland, Ireland and Switzerland, number 4 in Belgium, Denmark and Hungary, number 5 in Germany, number 6 in Czech Republic and Italy, number 7 in Greece, number 8 in Croatia and Finland and number 16 in France.




Optare Esteem

The Optare Esteem is a 2-axle single-decker low-floor bus body. It was built from 2006 to 2009 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders and then Darwen East Lancs and then Optare respectively.

The body could be built on the Scania N94UB chassis (), Scania N230UB chassis, Volvo B7RLE chassis, MAN 12.240 chassis, Alexander Dennis Dart SLF chassis (), Alexander Dennis Enviro200 Dart chassis and Alexander Dennis Enviro300 chassis ()).


Microstate

A microstate or ministate is a country that is very small in size, or has very little amounts of people living in it. Usually, both cases are true. However, there are no set definitions of the terms "state" and "very small".

Some examples that are usually called microstates include Andorra, Bahamas, Comoros, Djibouti, Equatorial Guinea, Fiji, Guyana, Iceland, Kiribati, Liechtenstein, Monaco, Nauru, Palau, San Marino, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and Western Sahara. The smallest state in the world is Vatican City, in the city of Rome.

In addition, Greenland has been included here for its possible wishes or chances of independence. Bougainville is also there for the same reason.

This is a criteria table to make sure that other countries are connected to its smallness.

Generally speaking, only a few countries of the world are so small, remote or lack a few resources that someone else uses these for even part of this year. These countries are tiny Islands, tiny landlocked countries, city states and sparsely populated countries.

The origin of the word "microstate" is Europe, specially in Andorra, Liechtenstein, Malta, Monaco, San Marino and Vatican City. Countries like Cyprus, Djibouti, Guyana, Iceland and Suriname are also microstates because their populations are so small. However, the qualifier for this is having an area of less than 6000 km² or a population of less than 1 000 000 people.

This is a table of all microstates according to the current CIA Factbook. In addition, states with limited recognition are included.

East Lancs Kinetec

The East Lancs Kinetec is a 2-axle single-decker and double-decker low-floor bus body. It was built from 2006 to 2007 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders.

The East Lancs Kinetec was launched in 2006 and was only built on the MAN 18.240 chassis.

The East Lancs Kinetec+ was launched in 2007 and was only built on the MAN ND283F chassis.

East Lancs MaxCi

The East Lancs MaxCi is a 2-axle single-decker low-floor bus body. It was built from 1993 to 1995 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders and was only built on the Scania N113CRL chassis.

In 1995, it was replaced by the East Lancs European.


East Lancs Myllennium

The East Lancs Myllennium was a 2-axle single-decker low-floor bus body. It was built from 1999 to 2006 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders and was built on the DAF SB220 chassis, Dennis Dart SLF chassis (), MAN 14.220 chassis and Scania OmniTown chassis.

East Lancs deliberately misspelled bus names (naming it "Myllennium" instead of "Millennium")

In 2006, It was replaced by the East Lancs Esteem

The East Lancs Myllennium Hyline was a 2-axle single-decker low-floor bus body. It was built from 2000 to 2002 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders and was built on the Leyland Tiger chassis and Volvo B10M chassis


AVN (magazine)

Adult Video News (also called AVN or AVN Magazine) is an American trade magazine that covers the adult video industry. "AVN" sponsors an annual convention, called the Adult Entertainment Expo or AEE, in Las Vegas, Nevada with the AVN Awards, an award show for the adult industry.

"AVN" rates adult films and tracks news developments in the industry. An "AVN" issue can feature over 500 movie reviews. The magazine is about 80% ads and is targeted at adult-video retailers.

AVN Award for Best Actress

The AVN Award for Best Actress is an award that has been given by sex industry company AVN since the award ceremony's inception in 1984. As of January 2023, the titleholder is Maitland Ward.


AVN Award for Best Supporting Actor

The AVN Award for Best Supporting Actor is an award that has been given annually by sex industry company "AVN" since the award's creation in 1984.

Before 2008, the award was awarded annually for two different categoriesfilm and video. From year 2009, it is awarded annually for a single category.

First award was to Richard Pacheco, who was awarded at 1st AVN Awards in 1984 for his performance in "Nothing to Hide". As of 2023, Randy Spears is the most awarded pornographic actor with seven awards.


Marceline, Missouri

Marceline is a city in Chariton and Linn counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Monett, Missouri

Monett is a city in Barry and Lawrence counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Pierce City, Missouri

Pierce City is a city in Barry and Lawrence counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

East Lancs Spryte

The East Lancs Spryte was a 2-axle single-decker low-floor bus body. It was built from c.1996 to c.1999 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders. It was built on the Dennis Dart SLF chassis, Volvo B6LE chassis and Volvo B6BLE chassis.

East Lancs deliberately misspelled bus names (naming it "Spryte" instead of "Sprite")

In 1999 it was replaced by the single-decker Myllennium.


East Lancs OmniTown

The East Lancs Omnitown was a 2-axle single-decker low-floor bus body. It was built from 2004 to c.2007 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders and Scania. It was only built on the Scania N94UB chassis.

In 2007 it was replaced by the double-decker Scania OmniCity and the single-decker East Lancs Esteem.

Rich Flex

"Rich Flex" is a song off Canadian rapper Drake and American rapper 21 Savage's collaborative studio album "Her Loss". The song was released on November 4, 2022.

The song uses interpolations from the songs "Savage" by Megan Thee Stallion, "24's" by T.I., and "Red Opps" by 21 Savage. The song was able to reach #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 for three weeks.


Pretzel Logic (song)

"Pretzel Logic" is a 1974 song by Steely Dan and is taken from their third studio album of the same name. It went to number 57 in the United States.

Shivers (Ed Sheeran song)

"Shivers" is a 2021 song by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran and is the second single from his fifth studio album "=". It topped the single charts in Austria, Bulgaria, Germany, Ireland, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It went to number 2 in Australia, Belgium (Flanders), Canada, Croatia, Denmark, Finland, Lebanon and Slovakia, number 3 in Iceland, New Zealand, Norway, Poland and Singapore, number 4 in Belgium (Wallonia), Luxembourg and the United States, number 5 in the Czech Republic and number 6 in the Netherlands and Romania.

Zuccarello

Zuccarello () is a "comune" in the Province of Savona in the Liguria region in Italy.


Harvey Beaks

Harvey Beaks is an American animated television show created by C.H. Greenblatt for Nickelodeon. The show follows the adventures of Harvey, a friendly bird, and his two best friends Fee and Foo, the imp twins who together live in Bigbark Woods. 

The show aired from March 28, 2015, to December 9, 2016, but when it was moved to Nicktoons which aired the series finale from March 8, 2017 to December 29, 2017.


C. H. Greenblatt also created "Chowder" for Cartoon Network and started to develop his next show shortly after "Chowder" ended in 2010. Greenblatt released a pilot for Nickelodeon under the title "Bad Seeds" and was picked up for a full show in September 2013 but the title had to change due to copyright reasons.

All of the music in the show was composed by Ego Plum. The show was Nickelodeon's first show to be score with a orchestra. The theme song was composed by Plum, Steve Bartek, Bob Mothersbaugh and David J.

In July 2015, Cartoon Brew reported that the show creator C.H. Greenblatt was not happy with Nickelodeon’s treatment of the show. On November 6, 2016, Greenblatt said that the show had been canceled and the remaining episodes will air on Nicktoons. The show was originally going to release new episodes on Nicktoons on November 20, 2016. The episodes were delayed and Greenblatt had no idea when the episodes were released. The episodes began aired in March 1, 2017 on Nicktoons and last aired on December 29, 2017. 

"Harvey Beaks" received mostly good reviews from critics. The show was rated 4 out of 5 on Common Sense Media and a 7.7 out of 10 on Behind the Voice Actors. Los Angeles Times said the show look like a children’s storybook.

Sei gesegnet ohne Ende

„Sei gesegnet ohne Ende“ (meaning "Blessed be Endlessly"), also known as the „Kernstock-Hymne“, was the national anthem of Austria from 1929 (replacing „Deutschösterreich, du herrliches Land“) to 1938. The words of the song were written by Ottokar Kernstock, and it used tune of „Deutschlandlied“ and „Gott erhalte Franz den Kaiser“, which was composed by Joseph Haydn.

It was then replaced by „Deutschlandlied“ and the „Horst-Wessel-Lied“. „Land der Berge, Land am Strome“ is the current Austrian national anthem.

Deutschösterreich, du herrliches Land

"Deutschösterreich, du herrliches Land" was the national anthem of Austria from 1920 to 1929.

The words of the song were written by Karl Renner, and the tune was composed by Wilhelm Kienzl. The anthem after ir is "Sei gesegnet ohne Ende", and the anthem after that was "Land der Berge, Land am Strome", which is currently the country's anthem.

This song is also used as the march song of the Austrian Armed Forces, and the anthem of the President of Austria.

Transylvania University

Transylvania University is a private university in Lexington, Kentucky. It was founded in 1780.


East Lancs 1984-style double-deck body

The East Lancs 1984-style double-deck body was a 2-axle double-decker step-entrance bus body. It was built from 1984 to c.1990 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders.

It was built on the Dennis Dominator chassis, Volvo B10M chassis, Leyland Olympian chassis, Scania N112 chassis, Scania N113 chassis and Volvo B58 chassis.

The bus didn't have an official name, however it has been referred to as the "Droop Nose Bus".

Myrne

Myrne can be:


In Kherson Oblast

Kenmare, North Dakota

Kenmare is a city in Ward County, North Dakota, United States.

Devils Lake, North Dakota

Devils Lake is a city in the U.S. state of North Dakota. It is the county seat of Ramsey County. 7,192 people lived here at the 2020 census. It is named after the nearby body of water called Devils Lake.

Dickinson, North Dakota

Dickinson is a city in the U.S. state of North Dakota. It is the county seat of Stark County.

Williston, North Dakota

Williston is a city in the U.S. state of North Dakota. It is the county seat of Williams County.

AVN Award for Best Supporting Actress

The AVN Award for Best Supporting Actress is an award that has been given by sex industry company "AVN" since the award ceremony's creation in 1984. As of January 2023, the titleholder is Kira Noir.


AVN Award for Male Performer of the Year

The AVN Award for Male Performer of the Year is an award that has been given annually by sex industry company "AVN" since the award's creation in 1993.

First person awarded was Rocco Siffredi, they was awarded at 10th AVN Awards in 1993. As of 2023, Manuel Ferrara is the most honored pornographic actor with six awards


AVN Award for Female Performer of the Year

The AVN Award for Female Performer of the Year is presented every January in Las Vegas, Nevada at the AVN Awards ceremony sponsored and presented by the American adult video industry trade magazine "Adult Video News" (AVN). It represents the female porn star who has had the best body of work in the previous year. It has been given annually since 1993.

Tori Black was the first two-time winner, winning back-to-back in 2010 and 2011. Angela White was the first three-time winner, winning back-to-back-to-back in 2018, 2019 and 2020. Kira Noir became the first black woman to win the award in 2023.


Česká Lípa

Česká Lípa () is a town in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Česká Lípa District. About 37,000 people live there.

Česká Lípa is twinned with:


Zdravlijca

"Zdravljica" () is a 19th-century "carmen figuratum" poem written by poet France Prešeren in 1844. The national anthem of Slovenia is based on it.

France was inspired by the French motto "Liberté, égalité, fraternité". When his poem was first published, it used to be called "Zdravica". This was during the Revolutions of 1848 in the Austrian Empire, as Slovenes wanted their country be united, with which the poet himself agreed. Only the seventh verse was chosen to become part of the country's national anthem.

AVN Award for Male Foreign Performer of the Year

The AVN Award for Male Foreign Performer of the Year is an award that has been given annually by sex industry company "AVN" since the award's creation in 2003.

The first person awarded was Italian-born pornographic actor Rocco Siffredi who was awarded at 20th AVN Awards in 2003, Rocco Siffredi is the most honoured actor with ten awards.


Sremski Karlovci

Sremski Karlovci () is a town in the South Bačka District of the autonomous province of Vojvodina, Serbia. It is on the river Danube, from Novi Sad. In 2011, 8,750 people lived there.

AVN Award for Female Foreign Performer of the Year

The AVN Award for Female Foreign Performer of the Year is an award that has been given by sex industry company AVN since the award's creation in 2003. French-born actresses Katsuni and Anissa Kate and Czech-born actress Little Caprice have each won the award three times, while Hungarian-born Aleska Diamond and Polish-born Misha Cross have each won the award twice.

As of January 2023, the titleholder is Little Caprice.


AVN Award for Transgender Performer of the Year

The AVN Award for Transgender Performer of the Year (previously the AVN Award for Transsexual Performer of the Year) is presented every January in Las Vegas, Nevada at the AVN Awards ceremony. It represents the transgender pornographic film performer who has had the best body of work in the previous year. It has been given annually since 2004.

Vaniity was the first winner winning in 2004.

As of January 2021, the titleholder is Aubrey Kate.


Tokmak urban hromada

Tokmak is an urban hromada in Zaporizhzhia oblast's Polohy raion (or district) in Ukraine.

The area of the territory is 728.3 km². In 2020, 36,719 people lived there.

Its city is Tokmak city. Russian soldiers are occupying it (as of 2023's third quarter).

























Pozuelo de Alarcón

Pozuelo de Alarcón is a municipality in the Community of Madrid, Spain. In 2021, 87,080 people lived there.

Find Your Love

"Find Your Love" is the second single off Canadian rapper Drake's debut studio album "Thank Me Later". The song was released on May 5, 2010. The song was originally made for Rihanna. Drake said that he felt the song should have been sung by a woman.

On May 11, 2010, a music video for the song was released. It was shot and set in Kingston, Jamaica. The music video features Drake falling in love with a girl who has been following him. The girl is already together with a gang leader. Drake is warned but refuses to leave Jamaica without seeing her. He goes to her place but gets surrounded at her gates by a gang. Later, Drake is seen in a room, tied to a chair. The girl is revealed to have set him up and ends up shooting him.


BedRock (song)

"BedRock" is the second single off hip hop group Young Money Entertainment's debut compilation album "We Are Young Money". The song was released on November 14, 2009. 
It was also released on the "Complete Edition" 2020 reissue version of Nicki Minaj's debut studio album, "Pink Friday".

Omarion originally sung the chorus for the song but was replaced on the song by Lloyd after Omarion left the Young Money label.

On December 7, 2009, a music video for the song was released. It debuted on "106 & Park". It featured the members of Young Money Entertainment living in a mansion and shows an average day for them. In August 2011, Lil Wayne was sued for copyright infringement by Done Deal Enterprises for $15 million.


Wikimedia movement

The Wikimedia movement is a worldwide community of people who improve projects like Wikipedia. They work together to create and manage these projects. They use open standards and software to create and manage them.

It was originally made by volunteers who edit Wikipedia. The movement has grown to include other projects such as Wikimedia Commons and Wikidata. It also includes volunteers who are software engineers and developers. They help make the software called MediaWiki better. MediaWiki is what is used to run the Wikimedia projects.

 Wikimedia has many content projects. These include:

There are other projects that help the Wikimedia movement's infrastructure and interface. They do this by making them work smoothly. These include:



Taruga longinasus

The southern whipping frog, sharp-snout saddled tree frog, or long-snouted tree frog ("Taruga longinasus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 150 and 1300 m above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 41-47 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog 57-60 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is dark brown or red brown in color with a red stripe from the nose to the middle of each side of the body. The frog's mouth is white or yellow. Its legs are brown with marks.

These frogs live high in the trees. They can jump very well. They come down to lay eggs in pools of water. The pools are small and near streams. They lay 28 to 42 eggs at a time. The tadpoles grow into frogs in ten weeks.

This frog is in danger of dying out. This is because human beings change the places where it lives.

Koko-di Koko-da

Koko-di Koko-da is a 2019 Danish Swedish Finnish psychological fantasy horror drama movie directed by Johannes Nyholm. It stars Peter Belli, Leif Edlund, Ylva Gallon, Katarina Jakobson and Brandy Litmanen.


Master of Puppets (song)

"Master of Puppets" is a 1986 song by thrash metal band Metallica and is the title track from their third studio album "Master of Puppets". It went to number 4 in the Netherlands, number 12 in Greece, number 13 in Hungary, number 16 in Iceland, number 17 in New Zealand, number 19 in Australia, number 22 in the United States, number 24 in Ireland, number 32 in Canada and Lithuania, number 35 in the United States and number 47 in Portugal. It was used in the TV series "Stranger Things".

My Old School (song)

"My Old School" is a 1973 song by Steely Dan and is the second single from their second studio album "Countdown to Ecstasy". It went to number 63 in the United States and tells the story of the May 1969 drug bust at Bard School.

Over Now (Alice in Chains song)

"Over Now" is a 1996 song by Alice in Chains and was taken from their live album "Unplugged". It went to number 50 in Canada and number 4 on the Billboard Mainstream rock chart. It also featured on their greatest hits album "The Essential Alice in Chains" in 2006. The album version was taken from their 1995 album "Alice in Chains".

Japanese Boy

"Japanese Boy" is a 1981 debut single by Scottish singer Aneka. It was taken from her self-titled debut studio album "Aneka". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Belgium, Finland, Ireland, Sweden and Switzerland, number 3 in Germany, number 4 in Austria, France and Norway, number 5 in Israel, number 7 in the Netherlands, number 18 in Italy, number 19 in South Africa, number 42 in Canada and number 57 in Australia. It did not chart in Japan and New Zealand.

Ban Chao

Ban Chao was a military general, explorer and diplomat from China. He was born in 32 in Fufeng. He died in 102 in Luoyang.

Ban Gu

Ban Gu was a historian, politician, and poet from China. He was born in 32 in Xianyang. He died in 92 in Luoyang. His "The History of the Former Han Dynasty" is the model, which most frequently uses by later Chinese historians.

Rubellius Plautus

Rubellius Plautus was a noble and stoic philosopher from the Roman Empire. He went down in history as a rival of Nero. He was born in 33 and died in 62 AD.

Persius

Aulus Persius Flaccus was an outstanding poet from the Roman Empire. He was born in 34 in Volterra. He died in 62 in Campania.

Dmitry Smirnov

Dmitry Smirnov is a Russian weightlifter. Dmitry competed in the men's heavyweight I event at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on July 17, 1973.

Joana Palacios

Joana Palacios is an Argentine weightlifter. Joana competed in the women's 63 kg event at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She was born on November 8, 1996 in Santa Fe.

Guto de Faria

Guto de Faria is a Brazilian equestrian. Guto competed in the team eventing at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was born on March 11, 1975 in São João da Boa Vista.

Bruun's cutthroat eel

Bruun's cutthroat eel ("Histiobranchus bruuni") is a cutthroat eel of the genus "Histiobranchus". It is found around New Zealand at the bottom of the deep ocean basin at depths of between 4,000 and 5,000 meters. 

It is the smallest cutthroat eel in the genus, and also in the whole family. Bruun's cutthroat eel is an eel that has a length between 40 and 60 cm. The fins are small. 



Rubén Priede

Rubén Priede is an Argentine former cyclist. Rubén competed in the team pursuit event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on June 8, 1966.

Sergio Llamazares

Sergio Llamazares is an Argentine former cyclist. Sergio competed in the team pursuit event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on June 16, 1965.

Sunshine (Gabrielle song)

"Sunshine" is a 1999 song by Gabrielle and is the leading single to her third studio album "Rise". It went to number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 19 in Scotland and number 98 in the Netherlands.

Don't Need the Sun to Shine (To Make Me Smile)

"Don't Need the Sun to Shine (To Make Me Smile)" is a 2001 song by Gabrielle and was taken from her greatest hits album "Dreams Can Come True, Greatest Hits Vol. 1". It went to number 4 in Portugal, number 7 in Scotland, number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 11 in Denmark, number 13 in New Zealand and charted poorly in Australia where it only made #98.

Gonzalo García

Gonzalo García is an Argentine cyclist. Gonzalo competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was born on June 9, 1976.

Juan Merheb

Juan Merheb is a Puerto Rican cyclist. He competed in the men's points race at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on December 29, 1970.

Neil Karnik

Neil Anant Karnik is a Singaporean cricketer. Neil plays for the Singapore cricket team.

Tuovi Sappinen

Tuovi Sappinen is a Finnish gymnast. Tuovi competed in six events at the 1960 Summer Olympics. She was born on April 8, 1941 in Turku.

Albert Rénier

Albert Rénier (8 May 1896 – 5 April 1948) was a French footballer. He played for Le Havre.


France

Karl Andritz

Karl Adolf Andritz (13 May 1914 – 19 December 1993) was an Austrian football defender. Andritz played mainly for FK Austria Wien. He played in three matches for the Austria national football team from 1936 to 1937.
Karl Andritz began his career in the youth team of Brigittenauer AC . From 1931 to 1933 he played for the club's first team. In 1933 at the age of 19 he moved to Austria Wien. After the Second world war he played for Austria until 1947. Then he was no longer used there and he went to the lower-class SC Fischamend. 1949 he played for SV Gloggnitz and ended his career after this season. He then ran an inn in Fischamend.
Andritz played three matches for the Austrian national football team. He debuted on 27 September 1936 in a 3-5 away loss versus Hungary. His last match was a 1-2 home loss also versus Hungary. 


Ralph Cooperman

Arnold Ralph Cooperman was a three-time Olympic foil and sabre fencer from England. He was born on November 16, 1927 and died on March 22, 2009.

Lady (Kenny Rogers song)

"Lady" is a 1980 song by country singer Kenny Rogers and it was taken from his 1980 album "Greatest Hits". It was written by Lionel Richie. It went to number 1 in the United States, number 2 in Canada, number 3 in South Africa, number 6 in New Zealand, number 11 in France, number 12 in Ireland and the United Kingdom, number 16 in the Netherlands and Australia, number 17 in Belgium and number 19 in Spain.

Antoine Nkounkou

Antoine Ntsana Nkounkou is sprinter from Republic of the Congo. Antoine competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, 1976 Summer Olympics, 1980 Summer Olympics, and the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on September 13, 1948.

Mimi and Mi

“Mimi" and "Mi" are Japanese words that can be found in many names related to ancient Japan. They are very common in names of royal family members. They're also found in names of leaders, people, and objects. "Mi" can mean "divine spirit" and can be a part of names for deities. For example, the terms "Watatsumi" and "" mean "sea spirit" and "mountain spirit" respectively and both use the version 霊.

Spellings include and Mi (彌、見、美、海、看).

In ancient Japanese historical texts like "Kojiki" and "Nihonshoki", people with "Mi" or "Mimi" in their names were often leaders in their regions. For instance, "" ruled in the Izumi and Settsu regions, "Kugamimi" ruled in the Tamba region, and "Masakitsumimi" ruled in the Tajima region. and minor chiefs named Hatatsumi and Kijimatsumi are mentioned.

More people with it in their names are, Suga no Yatsumimi, , , , who appear in the Izumo myth of the Kojiki. is also considered a regional chief.

Some people have names historians think came from the place they ruled, plus Mi or Mimi. People like this include Ikatomi of , Omi Province (Ikatomi, perhaps ). Emperor Suizei 's Japanese-style name, Kaunumakawamimi, and his older brother, Kamuyaimimi may come from places called Kaunumakawa and Kamuyai.

The leader of was called Mimi.

"Mimi" and "Mi" are also present in the names of several shrines across Japan such as the in Wakasa Province and in Shinano Province.



Furthermore, these words appear in the names of ancient Japanese clans, these are some of those clans. 


Here are some clans without the sound in their names, but their ancestors have it in their names

Mimi and Mi's lineage can be seen in the names of people in the Japanese royal family. Here are some of these people. 


Note that Emperor Suizei went by the original name of "Kamununakawamimi no Mikoto"

Geneva Conference (1954)

The Geneva accords is the collection of documents relating to the Indochina war and issued from the Geneva conference. It consists of 10 documents 6 out of which are unilateral declarations, 3 military agreements and The Final Declaration Of Geneva Conference.

https://avalon.law.yale.edu/20th_century/inch005.asp (to know more about the final declaration)

https://www.britannica.com/event/Geneva-Accords (to know more about the Geneva accords)

Knife Talk

"Knife Talk" is a song off of Canadian rapper Drake's sixth studio album "Certified Lover Boy". The song was released on September 3, 2021. It also featured rappers 21 Savage and Project Pat.

On November 4, 2021, a music video for the song was released. The music video was horror themed and was directed by Pablo Rochat. It features Drake, Savage, and Pat standing around a house, holding large knives in black-and-white footage. The music video also features footage from old cartoons and movies such as "Betty Boop in Snow-White", the 1962 movie "Carnival of Souls" and the 1971 Italian slasher movie "Lo Strangolatore di Vienna".


Show Biz Kids

"Show Biz Kids" is a 1973 song by Steely Dan. It is the leading single from their second studio album "Countdown to Ecstasy". It went to number 61 in the United States. The song was named for the 2000 greatest hits album "".

Athir al-Din al-Abhari

Athīr al‐Dīn al‐Munajjim was a polymath, philosopher, astronomer, astrologer and mathematician from Iran. He was born in Abhar.

Abu Bakr Ibn Sayyid al-Nās

Abu Bakr Ibn Sayyid al-Nās was a theologian from Andalusia (Spain). He was born in 1200 in Seville.

Ahmad al-Badawi

Aḥmad al-Badawī was one of the most famous saints of Islam. Aḥmad was the founder of the Badawiyyah order of Sufism. He was born in 1200 and died in 1276.

Alix, Duchess of Brittany

Alix of Thouars (1200 – 21 October 1221) was a Duchess of Brittany from 1203 to 1221 and Countess of Richmond in the peerage of England.

Thomas the Archdeacon

Thomas the Archdeacon was a Roman Catholic cleric, historian and chronicler. He was born in 1200 and died in 1268. Thomas is considered one of the greatest sources in the historiography of Croatian lands.

Bankrobber

"Bankrobber" is a 1980 song by English punk rock band The Clash. It was never released on any of their studio albums and instead appearing on their compilation album "Black Market Clash". It went to number 12 in the United Kingdom and number 14 in both New Zealand and Ireland.


