Demolition

Demolition is a process in which buildings are torn down. Demolition is different from deconstruction, which is carefully taking a building apart to reuse its parts. For small buildings, such as houses, demolition is often simple. Buildings are often pulled down with excavators, bulldozers or small cranes. Other specialized equipment may also be used. Larger buildings may use a wrecking ball swung by a crane. This works well for masonry buildings. Sometimes building implosion is used. This involves using carefully placed explosive charges. If done correctly, the building falls in on itself and not on nearby buildings.

Before a building can be torn down, several things have to happen. A demolition permit has to be obtained from a city, town or county. All hazardous waste must be removed. This includes asbestos, lead paint and any flammable materials. All utilities (water, electricity and natural gas) have to be disconnected. Many municipalities have checklists of what to do before a building can be demolished. They also have checklists of things that must be removed first.


Lila Tretikov

Lila Tretikov (; born January 25, 1978) was the executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation from 2014 to 2016. She is a specialist in software engineering.

Tretikov was born in the former Soviet Union in 1978. She emigrated to America in 1994. She studied art and computer science at the University of California, Berkeley.

In May 2014, Tretikov was selected as the future executive director of Wikimedia Foundation, replacing Sue Gardner and took up the post on June 1, 2014.


Thomas Plantagenet Bigg-Wither

Thomas Plantagenet Bigg-Wither (born in Hampshire, October 16, 1845 - died at sea, July 19, 1890) was an engineer and writer.

Between 1871 and 1875, he participated in an expedition in the Brazilian province of Paraná in southern Brazil.

After returning to England, he published the book "Pioneering in South Brazil". He also published an article called "The valley of the Tibagy, Brazil".

In the 1880s, he worked as chief engineer of a railroad in India. In 1890, he became ill. When he returned to England, he died on the ship and was buried at sea.

Fred Eckhardt

Otto Frederick Eckhardt (May 10, 1926 – August 10, 2015) was an American brewer, homebrewing advocate and publicist. He wrote about brewed beverages—beer and sake, and wrote the 1989 book, "The Essentials of Beer Style". He called himself a "beer writer," a "beer historian," and a "beer critic." He was a local celebrity in Portland, Oregon, which Eckhardt described as "the brewing capital of the world."

Harald Nielsen

Harald Ingemann Nielsen (26 October 1941 – 11 August 2015) was a Danish footballer. He played professionally for Italian club Bologna F.C. where he was the league top scorer ("capocannoniere") in Bologna's 1964 Serie A championship winning season. 

Nielsen played 14 games for the Denmark national football team in 1959 and 1960, scoring 15 goals, and he was known as "Guld-Harald" (Gold-Harald). He was part of the Danish team that were runners-up at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was a football entrepreneur having continuously worked for the professionalization of both the Danish national team and the national league. 

David Nobbs

David Gordon Nobbs (13 March 1935 – 9 August 2015) was an English comedy writer and humanist. He was best known for writing the 1970s series "The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin", adapted from his own novels.

Nobbs was married twice, firstly to Mary in 1968, from whom he was divorced sometime after the success of " 'Perrin' " and secondly to Susan in 1998.

Nobbs died on 9 August 2015, aged 80. He was survived by his second wife and four step-children.

The Pleasure Principle (song)

"The Pleasure Principle" is a new jack swing and pop song by the singer Janet Jackson. It is about her not wanting a loveless relationship and not settling for materialism. The song is from her album "Control".

The song hit #14 on the "Billboard"'" Hot 100. This was the only song from Jackson to not chart in the Top 10. It was released in May 1987. 

Excavator

An excavator (sometimes called a digger) is a piece of heavy construction equipment. Excavators are used to dig in the ground or to move large objects. At the base of the machine, it usually has two tracks to move it. Above the tracks is a platform that rotates (180° or 360° degrees). The operator sits in a cab and controls the excavator. One set of controls moves the machine forward and backward. Another set of controls operates the arm and the tilting bucket. hydraulic fluid, hydraulic cylinders and hydraulic motors control the machine. 

It is characterized by its four main parts.

Bucket - Also called a scoop, this part is used to take out a huge chunk of soil from the ground. It is made of solid steel and has large teeth to make scooping easier. 
Excavators come in different sizes based on the type of work they do. Some are cable-operated excavators. Some also use wheels instead of tracks. There are many types of excavator:

Woody (Toy Story)

Sheriff Woody is the main character of the movies "Toy Story", "Toy Story 2", "Toy Story 3" and "Toy Story 4". he is voiced by Tom Hanks in the films while his brother Jim Hanks voices him in the video games, merchandise, and attractions.

Ænema

"Ænema" is the third single off American rock band Tool's second studio album "Ænima". The song was released in August 9, 1997. 

On the "Billboard" charts, "Ænema" was able to peak at #25 on Mainstream Rock Songs. In 1998, the song won a Grammy Award in the category of Best Metal Performance.

With Teeth

With Teeth (written on the album as [WITH_TEETH]) is the fourth studio album by Nine Inch Nails. Nine Inch Nails is an American industrial rock band. Nothing Records and Interscope Records released the album on May 3, 2005. It was produced by Trent Reznor and Alan Moulder. Other music makers also helped with the album, such as Dave Grohl and Atticus Ross. Ross later joined Nine Inch Nails. The album has three singles: "The Hand That Feeds", "Only", and "Every Day Is Exactly the Same". The album was number one on the "Billboard" 200. The RIAA gave it a gold certification.

All songs made by Trent Reznor.

Bob Fillion

Joseph Louis Robert Edgar Fillion (July 12, 1920 – August 13, 2015) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played seven seasons for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was a member of two Stanley Cup-winning teams during his career with Montreal; in 1944 and 1946. He also spent time with the Buffalo Bisons of the AHL and the Sherbrooke Saints of the Quebec Senior Hockey League (QSHL).

Fillion died on August 13, 2015. At the time of his death, Fillion was the last surviving member of the Canadiens' 1944 Stanley Cup team.

Stephen Lewis (actor)

Stephen Lewis (17 December 1926 – 12 August 2015) was an English actor, comedian, director, screenwriter, and playwright. He was best known for his roles as Inspector Cyril "Blakey" Blake in the LWT sitcom "On the Buses", Clem "Smiler" Hemmingway in "Last of the Summer Wine", and Harry Lambert in BBC Television's "Oh, Doctor Beeching!".


Jaakko Hintikka

Kaarlo Jaakko Juhani Hintikka (January 12, 1929 – August 12, 2015) was a Finnish philosopher and logician, one of the most significant of the 20th century. He was born in Helsingin maalaiskunta (now Vantaa).

After teaching for a number of years at Florida State University, Stanford, University of Helsinki, and the Academy of Finland, he ended his career as a Professor of Philosophy at Boston University. He wrote 30 books and over 300 scholarly articles. Hintikka worked in mathematical logic, philosophical logic, the philosophy of mathematics, epistemology, language theory, and the philosophy of science.


IND Eighth Avenue Line

The IND 8th Avenue Line is a subway line in New York City. It carries the A, C and E services, 3 of the 27 services of the New York City Subway. It opened in 1932. About 1 million people ride on it every day. The line is 23 km (14 mi) long. Services that use the line are colored dark red.

There are three services using the line. They are:

Insolvency

Insolvency means that a person or organisation does not have enough money to pay all of the people who they owe money. Different countries have different definitions of exactly what insolvency means, but usually it means either that:

When a person or a business is insolvent, then people whom they owe money to may apply to court to put then into bankruptcy.

People often confuse the terms bankruptcy and insolvency, and sometimes they use one word when they really mean the other. Insolvency usually just means that a someone does not have enough money to pay their debts or (sometimes) that the total amount of their debts is worth more than the total amount of their assets. Bankruptcy is a formal legal process in front of the courts. Although the two terms are connected, just because a person is insolvent does not necessarily mean that they will go into bankruptcy. 

Apart from being put into bankruptcy there are other risks to being insolvent. Many countries have laws to protect the public which means that the directors of a company who continue to trade whilst the company is insolvent may have to pay compensation to creditors, and in some cases may even be convicted of a crime.

Wrecking ball

A wrecking ball is a heavy steel ball used for demolishing large buildings. It is usually hung from a crane. A crane operator swings the ball back and forth like a pendulum. It works best tearing down masonry buildings. Early round shapes would sometimes get stuck in walls and roofs. The modern wrecking ball is pear-shaped to avoid this problem. It is not clear when the wrecking ball was invented. They were commonly in use by 1936 in New York City. Today they are no longer used as much in demolition. The wrecking ball has largely been replaced by the more efficient High reach excavator. "Think of a long-reach excavator as a demolition scalpel, compared to the mallet of a wrecking ball".

<br>

Agustín Cejas

Agustín Mario Cejas (22 March 1945 – 14 August 2015) was a former Argentine football goalkeeper. He played for a number of clubs in Argentina and Brazil and has the all-time record number of appearances for Racing Club de Avellaneda. He was born in Buenos Aires. Cejas played for Argentina at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Cejas died of Alzheimer's disease on August 14, 2015 in Brazil, aged 70.

Stella Hackel Sims

Stella Hackel Sims (born December 27, 1926) was an American civil servant. She was the Vermont State Treasurer from 1975 through 1977. She later served as Director of the United States Mint from 1977 to 1981. She was a Democrat. 

Sims was born in Burlington, Vermont.

Ben Crane

Benjamin McCully "Ben" Crane (born March 6, 1976) is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour. He attended Baylor University. He was born in Portland, Oregon.

Bagdad, Florida

Bagdad is a town in Santa Rosa County, Florida, United States.

Chumuckla, Florida

Chumuckla, Florida is a town in Santa Rosa County, Florida, United States.

Dixonville, Pennsylvania

Dixonville is an unincorporated community in Indiana County, Pennsylvania, United States.

IND Sixth Avenue Line

The IND Sixth Avenue Line is one of the lines of the New York City Subway. It was finished in 1940. About 669,000 people ride on it every day. Services using this line have their bullets colored bright orange.

Colleges and universities in Hawaii

This is a list of colleges and universities in Hawaii.






Wikitravel

Wikitravel is a project to create a travel guide using open content from editors worldwide. It is based on wiki technology.

Wikitravel was created in July 2003 by Evan Prodromou and Michele Ann Jenkins. It is inspired in part by Wikipedia. The project uses MediaWiki, like the Wikipedia, but it is not a project of the Wikimedia Foundation. Wikitravel formerly used a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 1.0, but since January 1, 2010 uses a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0. Among other things, this facilitates the reprinting of pages.



Chevrolet Uplander

The Chevrolet Uplander was a minivan sold by the Chevrolet division of General Motorsf(GM)rom 2005-2009. The minivan replaced both the Venture minivan and the truck designed Astro. 2005 was the only model year for all-wheel drive this is due to the engine changing to a 3L V6 enging. GM said the AWD could not handle the torque. The Uplander was considered an imprpvement over its predecessor. It earned a Good in the IIHS' offset test and a Poor in side impact tests (without air bags, with air bags it earned an acceptable). While it was initially a decent seller compared to the Honda Odyssey and Toyota Sienna the Uplander's sales were poor. In 2008 GM announced that it would shut down Doraville Assembly which manufactured the minivans and decided to focus on crossover SUVs and introduced the Traverse.

Juba II

Juba II was a king of Numidia. He lived from 52 or 50 BC to AD 23.

His wife was Cleopatra Selene II. She was the daughter of Queen Cleopatra VII of Egypt and Mark Antony.

He died in Mauretania.

Ian Woosnam

Ian Woosnam (born 2 March 1958) is a Welsh golfer. He was born in Oswestry, Shropshire. He won the Masters once.

Empire of Brazil

The Empire of Brazil was a parliamentary democratic constitutional monarchy of the nineteenth century that covered the areas of modern Brazil and Uruguay. Brazil was
originally a colony of the Portuguese Empire but became its center when the Prince Regent João VI fled the French invasion of Portugal in 1808. When João returned to Portugal he left his son Pedro as regent of the autonomous Kingdom of Brazil.
On 7 September 1822, Pedro declared Brazil to be an independent Empire and was acclaimed by the people as emperor. However, in 1831 he was able to return to Portugal. He abdicated the Brazilian throne and left his young son Pedro II as emperor. His reign saw three international wars and decades of economic prosperity and political stability.

Pedro I, Pedro II and the imperial family of Brazil wanted the abolition of slavery, and on 13 May 1888 the imperial princess regent, Isabel de Bragança and Bourbon signed the "Golden Law" on behalf of her father, ending slavery in Brazil. By that time, Brazil had become the last major nation to have slavery. Former plantation owners, dissatisfied with the abolition of slavery, joined the republican movement led by Deodoro da Fonseca, an elderly Marshal, to carry out a Coup d'etat and install a republic which became Brazil's first dictatorship on November 15, 1889. The imperial family was exiled, and the Republican government persecuted, tortured and killed all those who opposed the regime.

IND Crosstown Line

The IND Crosstown Line is one of the lines of the New York City Subway. Only one service operates on this line, and this is the G service, which runs from Court Square to Church Avenue. Services using this line are colored lime green.

BMT Canarsie Line

The BMT Canarsie Line is a line of the New York City Subway, and over 565,000 people ride it every day. Services using the line are colored light gray, not to be confused with the dark gray Shuttles.

Only one service uses the line, and that is the L service. It runs from 8th Avenue to Rockaway Parkway.

BMT Nassau Street Line

The BMT Nassau Street Line is a line of the New York City Subway. It is used by two main services, J and Z, as well as a small part of the M train. Services using the line are colored brown.

2023 Cricket World Cup

The 2023 ICC Men's Cricket World Cup was an international cricket tournament which was hosted by India. India was selected as the host at an International Cricket Council (ICC) meeting in London in June 2013. This is the 13th Cricket World Cup competition. It was also the fourth time that India is hosting it. This was the first time that India has hosted the tournament on its own. India hosted previous World Cup tournaments in 1987 (with Pakistan), 1996 (with Pakistan and Sri Lanka) and 2011 (with Sri Lanka and Bangladesh). The winners of the World Cup were Australia, who beat India in the finals by 7 wickets, breaking their 10 match win streak. 

The tournament took place in ten different stadiums, situated in ten different cities across India. The first and second semi-finals were held at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai and Eden Gardens in Kolkata respectively, while the final took place at Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad.

As with the previous edition, the tournament features ten teams. The main route for qualification will be the 2020–2023 ICC Cricket World Cup Super League tournament.

For the World Cup, the top seven sides plus the hosts (India) from the thirteen competitors in the Super League will qualify. The remaining five teams, along with five Associate sides, will play in the 2023 Cricket World Cup Qualifier, from which two teams will go through to the final tournament.

All teams were asked to finalise their 15-player squads prior to 28 September, with any replacements after this date requiring approval from the ICC. All squads were announced by 26 September 2023. The oldest player of the tournament was Dutch player Wesley Barresi, who was 39 years old, while the youngest was Afghan spinner Noor Ahmad, who was 18.

On 8 September 2023, the ICC named 20 match officials for the tournament.
On 25 September 2023, ICC published the list of umpires for match-wise appointments.

Australia
Bangladesh

England
India

New Zealand
Pakistan

South Africa
Sri Lanka
West Indies
The ICC also named four match referees for the tournament.

The ICC distributed a pool of US$10 million in prize money for the tournament, with payouts remaining the same as the 2019 and 2015 tournaments:
Warm-up matches were held from 29 September to 3 October 2023 at Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium in Hyderabad, Assam Cricket Association Stadium in Guwahati, and Greenfield International Stadium in Thiruvananthapuram.

India's warm-up fixtures were announced on 27 June. The complete warm-up fixtures were announced on 23 August. The matches were broadcast live on television. 

The ICC announced the World Cup schedule on 27 June 2023 at an event in Mumbai with a countdown of 100 days to the opening match of the World Cup on 5 October. The group stage started with the match between the finalists of the 2019 Cricket World Cup, New Zealand and England, at Narendra Modi Stadium. On 9 August 2023, nine fixtures, including the match between India and Pakistan, were rescheduled by the ICC.

The tournament began on 5 October at Narendra Modi Stadium, Ahmedabad between the last tournament's finalists, England and New Zealand. England batted first and were restricted to 282 runs, with Joe Root top-scoring with 77 runs. New Zealand secured a 9-wicket victory, thanks to unbeaten 273 run partnership from Devon Conway and Rachin Ravindra. In the next match, Pakistan won by 81 runs against the Netherlands. Bangladesh defeated Afghanistan by 6 wickets.

The ICC released the fixture details on 27 June 2023.

The ICC has stated that if Pakistan had qualified for the semi-finals, they would've played at Eden Gardens in Kolkata. Whereas If India qualified for the semi-finals, they would be playing at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai unless India's opponent was Pakistan (the match would've held at Eden Gardens in Kolkata in that case). All knockout matches had a reserve day available.
Star Sports will serve as the host broadcaster for this Cricket World Cup, in association with the ICC. Star Sports and its sister streaming platform Disney+ Hotstar serve as the domestic broadcasters of the tournament, announcing plans to televise and stream matches in English and eight regional languages.<br>Disney+ Hotstar announced they are set to broadcast all matches free without a subscription on 'mobile devices'.

The ICC and Disney Star announced that each match would feature dedicated feeds in a vertical video format optimised for viewing on smartphones, using dedicated camera angles, graphics, and "bespoke production enhancements".

The list below includes all official broadcasters of the tournament, listed by country or territory.


Julian Bond

Horace Julian Bond (January 14, 1940 – August 15, 2015), known as Julian Bond, was an American social activist, politician, professor, and writer. He was a leader in the Civil Rights Movement. 

Bond was elected to four terms in the Georgia House of Representatives and later to six terms in the Georgia Senate. From 1998 to 2010, he was chairman of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the first president of the Southern Poverty Law Center.

Bond died on August 15, 2015 from complications of vascular disease (blood vessel disease) in Fort Walton Beach, Florida, aged 75.


George E. R. Kinnear II

George E. R. "Gus" Kinnear II (January 12, 1928 – August 9, 2015) was an American four star admiral in the United States Navy. He served as U.S. Military Representative, NATO Military Committee from 1981 to 1982. He was born in Mounds, Oklahoma. He attended George Washington University and Stanford University.

Kinnear died in York Harbor, Maine at the age of 87.

Myrlie Evers-Williams

Myrlie Evers-Williams (born March 17, 1933) is an African-American civil rights activist and journalist. She worked for over three decades to seek justice for the 1963 murder of her husband, Medgar Evers, a leader in the Civil Rights Movement. She was also chairwoman of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).


BMT Broadway Line

The BMT Broadway Line is a line of the New York City Subway. There are four services, and about 748,900 people ride on them every day. Services using this line are colored sunflower yellow.





IRT Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line

The IRT Broadway - Seventh Avenue Line is one of the lines of the New York City Subway. There are three services on the line, colored tomato red and numbered 1, 2 and 3.


Robert Fyfe

Robert Fyfe (September 1930 – September 2021) was a Scottish actor. He was best known for his role as Howard in the long-running British sitcom "Last of the Summer Wine" from 1985 to 2010.

Fyfe died in September 2021, aged 90.

Number 1's (video)


The DVD does not include the official music videos for "Vision of Love", "Love Takes Time", and "Someday". They are replaced by live performances culled from previous DVD/video releases.

"#1's" was re-released in 2008 as part of "Mariah Carey: DVD Collection", a 2DVD set including also "". The video features a shortened version from the original, without the introductory sections per track.


taken from the Columbia Music Video release "MTV Unplugged +3"<br>
taken from the Columbia Music Video release "Here Is Mariah Carey"<br>
edited version taken from the Columbia Music Video release ""

Chuck Todd

Chuck Todd (born 1972) is an American television presenter. He is the moderator on "Meet the Press". He was born in Miami, Florida.


High River

High River is a town in the Calgary Region of Alberta, Canada. As of 2011, the town had a population of 12,920 people. It is 37 kilometres (23 miles) south of Calgary.

The name of the town comes from the nearby Highwood River. The town was incorporated as a village on 6 December 1901. It was incorporated as a town on 12 February 1906. High River has an elevation of 1,040 m (3,410 ft). It has an area of 14.27 km2 (5.51 sq mi).


Evan Prodromou

Evan Prodromou (born 14 October 1948) is an American software developer and open source advocate. His major contributions have been Wikitravel (with his wife Michele Ann Jenkins), Identi.ca and StatusNet. He heads a social media software called Pump.io.

Prodromou was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was raised in California. He has lived in Amsterdam, San Francisco, and Lisbon. He currently lives in Montreal.

In 1990, he graduated from University of California, Berkeley. He worked for Microsoft and many website development companies. In 2003, he started Wikitravel, a travel guide similar to Wikivoyage.


Bubba Watson

Gerry Lester "Bubba" Watson, Jr. (born November 5, 1978) is an American professional golfer. He plays on the PGA Tour. He plays left-handed. He is a multiple major champion, having won The Masters Tournament in 2012 and in 2014. In February 2015, Watson reached a career-high 2nd place in the Official World Golf Ranking.

Watson is among the longest drivers on the PGA Tour. In 2007 he had an average drive of and can hit a ball over , capable of generating a ball speed up to .

Also, in 2015, Watson won the Travelers Championship; and the unofficial Hero World Challenge in the Bahamas in December. In this tournament he finished 25 strokes under par, winning $1,000,000.

Before the Phoenix Open in February 2016, Watson said that he did not like the golf course, the Tournament Players Club (TPC) Scottsdale. So he was jeered by fans for most of the tournament. He then talked against the media for "turning his words around". Two weeks later, he won the Northern Trust Open in California for a second time in three years. He won by one stroke to finish at 15 under par.

Watson was born and grew up in Bagdad, Florida, near Pensacola. He played on the golf team at Milton High School, which also graduated two other PGA Tour members, Heath Slocum and Boo Weekley. 

Watson then played golf for Faulkner State Community College in Baldwin County, Alabama, where he was a junior college All-American. He transferred to the University of Georgia, who were then the NCAA Division I Men's Golf Champions. He played for the Georgia Bulldogs in 2000 and 2001. As a junior, Watson helped lead the Bulldogs to the Southeastern Conference title in 2000.

Watson went professional in 2003 and played the Nationwide Tour until 2005. He played well enough that year to be the last player to qualify for the following year's PGA Tour. As a rookie (beginner) in 2006, he earned $1,019,264 and led the PGA Tour in driving distance at . 

Watson won his first PGA Tour on June 27, 2010, in Cromwell, Connecticut, at the Travelers Championship. He defeated two other players on the second hole of a sudden-death playoff. Crying, Watson said the win was for his parents, especially his father, who had cancer.

Watson began his own clothing line named "Bubba Golf" in 2007. He was invited on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" after he sent her a video of a golf trick shot he made for her birthday.

Watson is a Christian who talks openly about how much his faith means to his life. Watson gives a lot of his money and time to charity.



The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse (1921 movie)

The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse is a 1921 American silent movie set during World War I. Its story was written in a book by Vicente Blasco Ibáñez, and it was made into the movie by June Mathis.

When the film was released in 1921, it became very popular. People bought "gaucho pants" to dress like the movie's main character, Julio Desnoyers. Julio Desnoyers was played by Rudolph Valentino. After starring in this film, he became famous. June Mathis became one of the most successful women in Hollywood.

"The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse" is considered an important film. Because of this, the Library of Congress's National Film Registry is preserving it and making sure it doesn't get damaged. The film is also in the public domain because it is so old. (It was released 94 years ago.) "The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse" can be downloaded for free on the Internet Archive.

Jeep Renegade

The Jeep Renegade is a subcompact crossover SUV. It is built in Melfi, Italy on the same assembly line as the Fiat 500X, which it shares its platform with. The Renegade started production in 2014 as a 2015 model. It is the first Jeep model built only outside of North America. It is sold in South Africa, Europe, North America, and Brazil.

In the US, the Renegade is available in the following trims: Sport, Latitude, Limited, and TrailHawk. All trims except TrailHawk are available with front and four-wheel-drive. The TrailHawk features four-wheel-drive as standard.

The Renegade has two four-wheel drive systems: Active Drive I and Active Drive Low. Both are mated to Jeep's Selec-Terrain System.

In the US, the Renegade comes powered by the following engines:



All Night

All Night is a 1918 American silent comedy-drama movie. It stars Carmel Myers and Rudolph Valentino before they became famous. It was directed by Paul Powell. It was released by Universal Pictures, but they used the name Bluebird Photoplays.

The film still exists even after 97 years, and Grapevine Videos put it on DVD in 2005.

The movie is about a young man named Richard Thayer who is in love with a young woman named Beth Lane. He wants to ask her to marry him, but he can't because she is always surrounded by other men who like her and by her father. Richard's friends, William and Maude Harcourt, decide to have a dinner party and invite Richard and Beth so that they can be together. However, the night they plan it, William's business partner shows up for a surprise visit. This causes a lot of problems for Richard, Beth, and the Harcourts.

Issaquah

Issaquah is a town in King County, Washington, United States.

Issaquah Alps

The Issaquah Alps are a mountain range in the U.S. state of Washington.

Squak Mountain

Squak Mountain is a mountain in the U.S. state of Washington.

Gangwon Province, South Korea

Gangwon-do is a province of South Korea. The capital is Chuncheon. Before Korea was divided in 1945, Gangwon and its North Korean half Kangwŏn were a single province. Gangwon-do is in the northeastern corner of South Korea. On the north it borders North Korea. It has a long coast along the Sea of Japan to the east. On the west it borders Gyeonggi-do. This is the province with the largest population in South Korea. In contrast most of Gangwon-do is made up of mountains and forests. The mountains get a good deal of snow in the winter. They are home to a number of popular ski resorts.

Gangwon-do has two islands, Ulleungdo and Dokdo. Japan and South Korea have had a long dispute over which country owns Dokdo (which Japan calls Takeshima). About 37 South Korean police guard the island and the waters around them.

The 2018 Winter Olympics are scheduled to take place in Gangwon province. Pyeongchang, Gangneung, and Jeongseon will host the events.

Gangwon Province is an important place for former transport links with North Korea. Today train services operate on the Gangwon and Cheongnyeonicheon Lines. Gangwon's marine transport center is Wonsan. There are modern facilities in Wonsan Harbor, which accounts for 4% of Gangwon's freight traffic.
Gangwon FC is based in Gangwon-do. Gangwon's coach is Choi Yun-Gyeom and they have four home stadiums: Gangneung Sport Stadium, Chuncheon Songam Stadium, Wonju Sports Stadium, and Sokcho Sports Stadium. 


Ian Smith

Ian Douglas Smith was a politician from Rhodesia. He was the Prime Minister of Rhodesia (today called Zimbabwe) from 1964 to 1979. Smith was the first Prime Minister to be born in Rhodesia and illegally made the country independent from the United Kingdom. Smith was European in ancestry while most Rhodesians were native, Smith didn't give the Africans equal rights and this led to a war between Rhodesia and African rebels which ended when Smith made a treaty and Rhodesia was replaced with Zimbabwe. Smith was a complicated man and some say he was a good and brave Prime Minister while others see him as racist and destructive.

Ian Douglas Smith was born on the 8th April 1919 in the town of Selukwe to Jock and Agnes Smith, they were both farmers who had moved to Rhodesia from the United Kingdom. Jock and Agnes were important and both were given the Order of the British Empire for their efforts to provide for the people of Selukwe.

Ian was very good as sports and wanted to be an athlete, his grades were also good and so he was able to pass to Rhodes University College in South Africa.

When the Second World War happened, Smith broke a law which made it illegal for university students to fight in order to go to the war for the United Kingdom. He joined the Royal Air Force in 1942 and flew Spitfire planes. In October 1943, Smith's plane stopped working and crashed while setting off in Egypt and Smith was badly injured, his face was partially destroyed and doctors had to use plastic surgery to put it together, leaving his face noticeably disfigured.

Smith still fought and was shot down over Italy in June 1944, Smith joined the Italian resistance who were fighting the Germans and had to walk across the mountainous Alps to be able to return to safety, he then ended up a Flight Lieutenant for his skills.

Ian Smith returned to South Africa to Rhodes University to carry on studying and graduated, he then went back to Rhodesia where his father was ill and wanted him to go to the United States like his uncle Elijah to make money but Smith didn't want to. Smith married his wife Janet in 1948 and adopted her children, Janet was seen as courageous and hard-working like Ian and bought a farm with her called Gwenoro to start a family.

Smith decided to run in the 1948 Southern Rhodesian general election as a member of the right-wing Liberal Party, the Liberal Party lost the election by a lot but Smith was able to be elected and became Southern Rhodesia's youngest MP as he was only 29.

Smith did not do much in his early time in politics and was ordinary, he switched to becoming a member of the United Federal Party (UFP) that was the party in power. When Southern Rhodesia became a part of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland in 1953, Smith was unsure but left Parliament in Southern Rhodesia to be a part of the new Parliament in the Federation and he was elected. Smith's time in the federal Parliament was also ordinary and he did not do much, in 1958 the UFP appointed Smith to be the Chief Whip (meaning he had to convince MPs in his party to vote how the party wanted).

African nationalism against the white rule began to appear and many white Rhodesians were afraid they might take over and that the government in the United Kingdom would support the Africans. When a new constitution was set up in 1961, Smith was the only MP to oppose it because he thought it was racialist and would cause even more problems and left the party. The British government started saying that Africans should be in charge and this created more fear, Smith and a few others started their own party - the Rhodesian Front - to say they wanted independence so this could not happen. Winston Field was the leader of the party and made Smith his second-in-command, and the Rhodesian Front won the 1962 Southern Rhodesian general election and Smith became the deputy Prime Minister because he returned to Southern Rhodesia's Parliament.

Many new MPs for the Rhodesian Front wanted whites ruling only and an immediate and illegal independence (called UDI meaning "Unilateral Declaration of Independence"). Field was more moderate and wanted Southern Rhodesia (now called Rhodesia after Northern Rhodesia was made independent African-ruled Zambia) and the United Kingdom to make a deal where Rhodesia was given independence. But Field could not make a deal and the whites became even more nervous and so in June 1964, the Rhodesian Front voted to remove Field and make Smith the new Prime Minister.

Since Ian Smith was barely known, many believed that he would be only Prime Minister for a short time and the British didn't like how Field had been removed and thought Smith was too old-fashioned and was not born in the United Kingdom. Smith was more demanding of independence, and did not want to say when he would give Africans control over Rhodesia and instead said he wanted both with whites mostly in charge. When Alec Douglas-Home, the Conservative Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, lost the elections and the new Prime Minister was Harold Wilson of the Labour Party, this made things worse as Wilson and his party believed in African rule and would not agree.

Smith also began ruling Rhodesia as he wanted, he banned the Zimbabwe African People's Union (ZAPU), who wanted to fight the white Rhodesian government to have Africans in charge, and also made a new constitution.

In May 1965, Smith lost his patience and had a general election to strengthen his rule and give him more power in negotiations, he won the election with all white seats and only had one white opposition MP (Ahrn Palley).

In October 1965, the talks stopped as both sides could not agree and most people thought that Rhodesia would declare UDI, Smith tried to have a last minute deal but Wilson refused because he did not believe he really would declare independence.

On the 11th November 1965, Ian Smith and the Rhodesian cabinet declared independence (UDI) illegally, no other country recognised Rhodesia and the United Nations called Rhodesia racist and stopped countries from trading with it, although some would secretly or people would illegally or despite.

Most people believed landlocked Rhodesia would not survive other country's not trading and would soon run out of goods and be forced to go back to the United Kingdom, but surprisingly the situation was calm and nothing major happened. Rhodesia still received its goods from Mozambique (then a part of Portugal) and South Africa with the only problems being oil, which was still coming in but in small amounts. Life in Rhodesia remained the same.

ZAPU and ZANU (Zimbabwe African National Union) said that it was an open admission of war and began to revolt but did not have the strength to do anything and so mainly operated in Zambia or Tanzania.

Wilson and the British government at first refused to make a deal to recognise Rhodesia, but as time went on they realised Rhodesia was not being affected and began preparing to talk again. In December 1966, Smith and Wilson went on a ship, the HMS Tiger, in Gibraltar, the negotiations were going well despite the British and Rhodesian delegates not liking each other until Wilson wanted Smith remove his 1965 constitution, Smith refused and the talks stopped except for a list of agreements signed which both the British and Rhodesian cabinets refused.

In 1967, Smith and his more republicanist MPs in the Rhodesian Front began to prepare for Rhodesia being a republic because the Queen Elizabeth II did not recognise Rhodesia's independence. They created a new flag which did not include the British flag, and a new coat of arms.

In April 1968, Wilson and Smith started talking again on the HMS Fearless again in Gibraltar, Wilson treated Smith much better, but when Wilson offered that the Privy Council be involved in overseeing Rhodesia, Smith refused and talks ended.

In 1969, Smith openly began supporting a republic and made a vote of qualified (nearly all white) voters to see who wanted it, the pro-republic side won and a republic was declared in 1970 with the deputy Prime Minister Clifford Dupont becoming the President. The President had no real power and was selected by the government to do ceremonies and act as the head of state.

In 1970, a general election in the United Kingdom had Labour led by Harold Wilson be defeated by the Conservatives led by Edward Heath. Heath wanted to make a deal with Rhodesia and made Alec Douglas-Home the Foreign Secretary. In 1971, Douglas-Home flew to Rhodesia to talk with Smith and make a deal, the talks were a success and they made a deal for more Africans in government but the whites remaining in charge, in 1972, the British made a referendum to see whether every ethnic group supported it, the whites, coloureds, and Asians all did, except the Africans didn't, Smith then blamed this on intimidation by nationalists.

In Portuguese Mozambique and Angola, the situation was more tense as the African insurgency grew, this was compounded in Rhodesia by the failure of the 1971 plan. African militants went into Rhodesia in small bands in 1966 to 1968, but they were all easily tracked down just miles inside killed by the Rhodesian Security Forces. So they decided to train in countries that supported them and trained for a guerrilla war. In December 1972, this was by two attacks on white farmers in one day.

The militants were able to go into African areas and won over the people to their side and recruited, however Mozambique and South Africa were supporting Rhodesia so they did not have much of an effect. However, as Mozambique became weaker in 1973 and into 1974 they were able to get into Rhodesia and recruit more often and attacks slowly happened more and more. Rhodesia then started a counter-insurgency which was successful.

Meanwhile, Abel Muzorewa - who didn't like Smith's deal with Douglas-Home and created the African National Council to try and go against it - made a deal with Smith and started talking together with a British delegation and met in July 1973.

Although Rhodesia was stopping the militants in 1974, things in other countries would make Rhodesia worse off. In October 1973, OPEC (Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries) stopped selling oil to pro-Israeli countries and later to Portugal and South Africa. In April 1974, the Portuguese government was overthrown in the Carnation Revolution, the new government began sending its soldiers out of Mozambique and Angola and Mozambique became overrun with FRELIMO rebels who aided the African militants, adding 1,426 kilometres of hostile border. Despite this, Smith continued saying Rhodesia could survive and nothing was really wrong as the militants entered Rhodesia in larger numbers.

South Africa was losing lots of money due to a boycott of its own, together with its own militant insurgency, and OPEC sanctions, and so Rhodesia became a strain on South Africa's economy. In December 1974, South Africa under John Vorster started to threaten Rhodesia with cuts to imports and the end of special privileges if they did not make a deal with the other African nationalist leaders of the Frontline States (Zambia, Tanzania, and Botswana, later followed by Angola and Mozambique when they became independent the next year), they came up with a deal involving them with Smith and Muzorewa were a ceasefire happened. The ceasefire would not last long and would only allow imprisoned nationalists who were freed to escape and the militants to recoup losses and mobilise. In January 1975, Smith and the Rhodesian government noticed this and stopped the ceasefire, leading to South Africa withdrawing its police and making the situation even worse.

The war continued to steadily get worse as Mozambique became officially independent on the 25th June 1975. In August 1975, 

Takeo Fukuda

Takeo Fukuda (14 January 1905 – 5 July 1995) was the Prime Minister of Japan. He served from 24 December 1976 to 7 December 1978.

Gangwon

Gangwon or Kangwŏn may refer to:


Gangwon FC

Gangwon Football Club () is a South Korean football club. It is based in Gangwon Province of South Korea. Gangwon FC joined the K League as its 15th club for the 2009 season. They play at Chuncheon Songam Stadium in Chuncheon.

Varangian Guard

The Varangian Guard (, "Tágma tōn Varángōn") was an elite unit of the Byzantine Army, from the 10th to the 14th centuries. Their members served as personal bodyguards to the Byzantine Emperors. At first they were made up of Vikings or Rus. Later, after the Norman conquest of England, Anglo-Saxons joined the guard. For a time it caused an Anglo-Saxon emigration to Byzantium).

In 874 peace was established between the Kievan Rus' and the Byzantine Empire. Kiev sent military assistance to Constantinople. By the early 10th century Kievan Rus were serving in the Byzantine army. In the summer of 987 the emperor Basil II asked for military help from Vladimir the Great, Grand prince of Kiev. Vladimir sent 6,000 men who arrived in the winter of 687. These were soldiers who had not been paid and wanted to go to Byzantium where they hoped they could get pay. During Basil's campaigns the Varangians proved to be an excellent fighting force. When Basil campaigned in Georgia and Armenia, he took 6,000 Varangians with him. During truce talks a Varangian and a Georgian got into an argument. General fighting broke out and many were killed on both sides. The surviving Varangians formed the Varangian Guard. They wore uniforms of blue tunics with bright red cloaks. They carried long handled battle-axes trimmed with gold. These weapons were their trademark. The sight of these axemen on a battlefield meant the Emperor was near.

Samarina

Samarina (, ) is a village and a former municipality in Grevena regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Grevena. Its population primarily consists of Aromanians (sometimes called Vlachs). It attracts many tourists due to its scenic location and beautiful pine and beech forests. The population was 378 people as of 2011.

Samarina is located on Mount Smolikas, the highest of the Pindus range and the second-highest mountain in all of Greece, at an altitude of 1380–1515 meters.

In 1917, Samarina participated together with other 12 villages in an attempt to create an autonomous area which much later was described as Principality of the Pindus.

Samarina was the birthplace of Alcibiades Diamandi and Nicolaos Matussis, leaders of the Vlach "Roman Legion", who promoted a local autonomous Aromanian nationalist area during World War II. This was also called in some cases the Principality of the Pindus, although this name is mainly used for the events of 1917 in Samarina.

Azerbaijan Supercup

The Azerbaijan Supercup () is a football competition. It is held at the beginning of each football season. It is between the winners of the Azerbaijani Premier League and the winners of the Azerbaijan Cup. 

Neftchi Baku holds the record for winning the Supercup the most times. They have won it two times since the competition began in 1993. In 1994, Qarabağ were awarded automatically with the Supercup after the team won both the domestic title and the Azerbaijan Cup.

In 2013, the Professional Football League of Azerbaijan decided to restore the Azerbaijan Supercup. Khazar Lankaran were the first winners of the restored Supercup.


 

East Honolulu, Hawaii

East Honolulu is a census-designated place (CDP) in Honolulu County, Hawaii, United States. As of 2020, the CDP had a population of 50,922 people. 

The United States Census Bureau says that the CDP has an area of 34 mi (89 km) and 33% of the area is water.

The CDP is located on Oahu. The CDP starts directly east of the center of Honolulu, and ends at Makapu'u Point (which is the easternmost point on the island).

There are many races present in the CDP.


As of 2022, the median income that households make in East Honolulu is about $151,224 USD. 48.9% is males and 51.1% are female. The median age in the CDP is 50 years old.


The Naked Truth

The Naked Truth is the fourth studio album by rapper Lil' Kim, released on September 27, 2005. This album was released on the first day of Kim's sentencing, in which she went to jail for nearly a year for lying in a court case that had involved Kim a few year back.
It was also her last album with Atlantic Records and her first album not to be certified platinum.


The Notorious K.I.M.

The Notorious K.I.M. is the second studio album by rapper Lil' Kim; released on June 27, 2000. It debuted at number four on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart. The album was Kim's second album to be certified platinum. The name of the album also payed homage to Kim's mentor and friend rapper The Notorious B.I.G. who had been shot dead three years before her album was released.




Hydra the Revenge

Hydra the Revenge (sometimes simply shortened to Hydra) is a steel Floorless Coaster at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom in Allentown, Pennsylvania, United States. It is the only Floorless Coaster in Pennsylvania and was opened on May 7, 2005. Hydra was built on the site of the former wooden roller coaster Hercules, which was closed and demolished at the end of the park's 2003 season. Its name comes from the Greek Mythology story where Hercules battled the Hydra.

Site preparation began in late 2003, when on September 1, 2003, Hercules, a wooden roller coaster that sat in the current location of Hydra the Revenge, was closed and demolished. On September 14, 2004, the $13 million Hydra the Revenge was announced. Construction began in the spring of 2004 and continued through the winter. Hydra the Revenge was topped off (highest piece of the lift hill) on August 20, 2004 and the entire track layout was completed on December 4, 2004. The first cars for the coaster arrived at Dorney Park on December 10, 2004 and the first ride with people on a train took place on March 24, 2005. The roller coaster officially opened to the public on May 7, 2005.


Bubba Trammell

Bubba Trammell (born November 6, 1971) used to be a major league baseball player who played for the New York Yankees.

Mi querida España

"Mi querida España" ("My Dearest Spain" or "My Lovely Spain") is a song. It was written and sung by the Spanish songwriter Cecilia in 1975. It was included on her album "Un ramito de violetas" "(A bouquet of violets)." This song was considered a protest song in the last years of Francisco Franco's dictatorship because of its lyrics.

"Mi querida España" was a hit in the 1970s and became a part of Spanish music history. It has become a national symbol.

The lyrics include social criticism toward the Franco government. Some sentences were considered controversial by the government authorities in those years. For example, where Cecilia sung:

this was changed by the censors to this version:

The music video was filmed in Retiro Park, Madrid by Enrique Martí Maqueda, TVE's producer in those times, for the 1975 OTI Festival.

In 1987, the Spanish band "La Década Prodigiosa" released a cover of the song.

In 1996 (twenty years after Cecilia's death) it was published in a tribute album titled: "Desde que tú te has ido (Since you are gone)". Several artists sang her singles in memory of Cecilia. Miguel Bosé recorded this song.

In 2015 "Mi querida España" was performed by Kiko Veneno and Rozalen for the soundtrack of the Spanish movie "Perdiendo el norte".


Arthur A. Lumsdaine

Arthur Allen Lumsdaine (1913–1989) was an American applied psychologist who researched the use of media and programmed learning. Art Lumsdaine served as a soldier in the U.S. Army in World War II. He returned to take a PhD in psychology at Stanford University (awarded 1949). 

Service in the Army showed him the crucial role played by training in any large army conscripted from the general population. Lumsdaine’s main work was on the effectiveness of media for training and education. He also worked on the experimental investigation of attitude change. 
He played a leading part in the post-World War II wave of experimental psychologists who worked on the principles of education and training. Lumsdaine saw the potential of teaching machines and programmed instruction and helped their development. 
Art was a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, as well as of the American Psychological Association (APA). He served as a member of the APA's Board of Scientific Affairs (1967–1970), was President of the Division of Educational Psychology (1968–1969), and was an Associate Editor of "Contemporary Psychology" for eight years.


Bedivere

Bedivere () is a legendary character in the King Arthur stories. He is a Knight of the Round Table. He is a fearless fighter and one of Arthur's most trusted knights. In the early legends he is the cupbearer. Later legends have him as the one who returns Arthur's sword Excalibur to the Lady of the Lake. He then put the dying Arthur in a boat to take him to Avalon. In some legends Arthur gives him rule over Normandy. In stories he is frequently associated with Sir Kay. Sir Lucan is his brother. Sir Griflet is his cousin.

In the legends Sir Bedivere had a grandfather also named Bedivere who was the founder of the city of Bayeux. His son was named Amren. He also had a daughter named Eneuavc.

Bedivere was one of the first knights to join the Round Table. He was also one of Arthur's earliest followers. He and Arthur fought the Giant of Mont Saint-Michel. He lost one hand in a battle. Only he and Arthur survived the "Battle of Camlan". But Arthur received a wound in the battle and was dying. Arthur commanded Bedivere to throw his magical sword Excalibur back into the Lake. Twice Bedivere lied to Arthur but the third time he threw the sword into the lake it came from. Bedivere was said to have been killed in the Roman Campaign.


<br>

Mile Mrkšić

Mile Mrkšić (; 20 July 1947 – 16 August 2015) was a Serb Colonel of the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) in charge of the unit involved in the Battle of Vukovar during the Croatian War of Independence in 1991. He was convicted for not preventing the mass killing of 264 Croats that followed the fall of Vukovar, and sentenced to 20 years.

László Paskai

László Paskai, O.F.M. (8 May 1927 – 17 August 2015) was a Hungarian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as the archbishop of Esztergom-Budapest from 1987 to 2002.

He was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2005 papal conclave that elected Pope Benedict XVI.


Bob Johnston

Donald William 'Bob' Johnston (May 14, 1932 – August 14, 2015) was an American record producer. He was best known for his work with Bob Dylan, Johnny Cash, Leonard Cohen, and Simon and Garfunkel. He was born in Hillsboro, Texas.

Johnston died in Nashville, Tennessee, aged 83.

Arsen Dedić

Arsen Dedić (born 28 July 1938) was a Croatian singer-songwriter. He was known in the Croatian as well as former Yugoslav music scene. Dedić wrote and performed chansons as well as movie music. He was also an award-winning poet, and was one of the best-selling poets of former Yugoslavia.


Eduardo Guerrero (rower)

Eduardo Guerrero (4 March 1928 – 17 August 2015) was an Argentine rower and Olympic champion. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.

He was born in Salto, Buenos Aires Province. Guerrero participated in the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki where he won gold medal in double sculls competition together with Tranquilo Capozzo. Guerrero died on August 17, 2015 from pneumonia at the age of 87.

Shuja Khanzada

Shuja Khanzada (‎; 28 August 1943 – 16 August 2015) was a Pakistani politician and retired Pakistan Army colonel. He served as the home minister of Punjab from 2013 until his death in 2015. 

On August 16, 2015, Khanzada was killed by a suicide attack at his political office in Shadikhan; the militant group Lashkar-e-Jhangvi has claimed responsibility.

103 (number)

103 is a natural number that comes before 104 and after 102. It is part of the group of quadruple prime numbers 101, 103, 107, and 109.

Suvra Mukherjee

Suvra Mukherjee (September 17, 1940 – August 18, 2015) was the First Lady of India from 2012 until her death in 2015. She was the wife of Indian President Pranab Mukherjee from 1957 until her death in 2015.

Mukherjee died of respiratory failure caused by lung cancer at a hospital in New Delhi, India, aged 74.

Meshulim Feish Lowy

Meshulim Feish Segal Lowy II (, Magyarized: "Lőwy Ferencz"; 11 April 1921 – 12 August 2015) was a Hungarian-Canadian rabbi. He was the fourth Grand Rebbe of the Tosh hasidic dynasty.

Rabbi Lowy died in Quebec, Canada from pneumonia at the age of 94.

Xanthophyll

Xanthophylls are types of yellow pigments that can be seen in natural objects. They are found in the leaves of most green plants. They are difficult to see in a healthy leaf, because chlorophyll pigments make the leaf green. Unlike chlorophyll, however, xanthophylls do not need light for production. Therefore, leaves will only show the yellow pigments if the leaf does not get enough light (etiolation).

The name comes from the Greek words for "yellow" ("xanthos", ), and "leaf" ("phyllon", ).

The Road to El Dorado

The Road to El Dorado is a 2000 American animated adventure movie made by DreamWorks Animation. The movie was directed by Eric "Bibo" Bergeron and Don Paul; Will Finn and David Silverman directed additional sequences. It stars Kevin Kline, Kenneth Branagh, Rosie Perez, Jim Cummings, Frank Welker, Armand Assante, Edward James Olmos and Tobin Bell. It was composed by Elton John.

The movie follows two Spanish conmen who leave Spain and set off to the New World. As they head to the legendary city of gold, they are mistaken for gods by the people. The movie flopped at the box office. It was poorly received by critics.

In 16th century Spain, two con artists win a map to El Dorado from the dice game. They escape from the city and stow away on the ship of Hernán Cortés, while sailing to the New World. After befriending a horse named Altivo, they land off the Mexican coast. After seeing landmarks on the map, they take a direction to the legendary golden city. As they arrive at the waterfall, a woman and an army of guards recognize them as gods, and escort them to the city. There, they meet the elders, kindhearted Chief Tannabok and the malicious high priest Tzekel Kan. Tannabok welcomes the two to the city warmly, while Tzekel Kan mainly sees them as an opportunity to enhance his own standing. He also believes the gods' arrival will spark the "Year of the Jaguar", a time when everyone will be purged from the city.




Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome

Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome is an Australian adventure action movie. It is about Max being exiled into the desert by the corrupt ruler of Bartertown, Aunty Entity. He then meets a cargo cult near a Boeing 747 and its dead captain.


Reaction to the movie was generally positive. The movie website Rotten Tomatoes gives this movie an 81% rating. Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the movie 4 out of 4 stars. His review of the movie was positive.

Flagrant foul

In basketball, a flagrant foul is a serious personal foul. It is considered flagrant if it involves too much or too violent contact that can injure another player. A flagrant foul may or may not be intentional. In the NCAA, if intentional, a flagrant foul is called an "intentional foul".

The NBA made a flagrant foul rule in the 1990s. It is intended to stop contact which puts a player's safety and health at risk. In the NBA, Flagrant 1 and Flagrant 2 are fouls. A player who commits a flagrant 2 foul must immediately leave the game. 

Flagrant fouls can also be punished with fines.

Joey Essex

Joey Don Essex (born 29 July 1990) is an English television personality and DJ for Sugar Hut, a nightclub in Brentwood, Essex. He rose to fame in 2011 after appearing in the ITV2 television series "The Only Way Is Essex". Essex and his sister Frankie left the show in 2013, although his cousin Chloe remains on it. In 2013, Essex took part in the first series of the celebrity diving show "Splash!" and the thirteenth series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!", where he finished in fourth place. In 2015, he won the Channel 4 reality series "The Jump".

Essex is at least an ex-social smoker. This picture was taken, and published on the Metro Website on 3rd November 2011.

Brooke Astor

Brooke Astor (born Roberta Brooke Russell; March 30, 1902 – August 13, 2007) was an American philanthropist, socialite and author. She was the chairwoman for the Vincent Astor Foundation. The VAF was founded by her third husband, Vincent Astor, son of RMS "Titanic" passenger John Jacob Astor IV. Brooke Astor wrote two novels.

Astor was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. She died in Briarcliff Manor, New York at age 105 from pneumonia.

Jacob Bekenstein

Jacob David Bekenstein (Hebrew: יעקב בקנשטיין; May 1, 1947 – August 16, 2015) was a Mexican-born American-Israeli theoretical physicist. He made fundamental contributions to the foundation of black hole thermodynamics and to other aspects of the connections between information and gravitation. He was of Jewish descent.


Gerhard Mayer-Vorfelder

Gerhard Mayer-Vorfelder (March 3, 1933 – August 17, 2015), often called "MV", was the Vice President of the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA). Prior to his UEFA career, Mayer-Vorfelder was a politician of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. He served in the state cabinet of Baden-Württemberg from 1976 to 1998. He was later president of German soccer club VfB Stuttgart, and the German Football Association.

He was born in USA and died in CANADA

 r.mtdv.me
Hotter than July

Hotter Than July is the nineteenth album by American recording artist Stevie Wonder. It was released on Motown's Tamla label on September 29, 1980. It was certified platinum, which means it sold more than 1,000,000 copies in the US. It reached number three on the US Billboard chart. This was Stevie Wonder's most successful album in the UK, where it reached number two on the sales charts, and produced four top ten singles.

"Hotter Than July" was nominated for Favorite Soul/R&B Album at the American Music Awards in 1982.

All songs written, produced and arranged by Stevie Wonder except where noted.

F-Zero: Maximum Velocity

F-Zero Maximum Velocity (F-Zero for Game Boy Advance in Japan) is a 2001 futuristic racing video game published by Nintendo and developed by Nintendo R&D1 and Nd Cube. It was released for the Game Boy Advance and for the Virtual Console for the Nintendo 3DS and Wii U. "F-Zero: Maximum Velocity" was released on March 21, 2001 in Japan, June 11, 2001 in North America, on June 20, 2001 in Australia, and on June 22, 2001 in Europe. It was the first "F-Zero" game to be released on a handheld game console. The game takes place twenty-five years after "F-Zero" and is the only "F-Zero" game without Captain Falcon.

IGN rated the game a 9 out of 10. Craig Harris of IGN called the game "an amazing achievement for the Game Boy Advance". GameSpot rated the game 8.1 out of 10. Shane Satterfield of GameSpot said that the game was "a challenging yet addictive racer" and that "With plenty of tracks to unlock, vehicles to master, and multiplayer modes to explore, it won't be headed for trade-in anytime soon".

"Famitsu" magazine scored the game a 31 out of 40 when it released.

Notes

Killing Me Softly

Killing Me Softly is a studio album by American singer-songwriter Roberta Flack. It was released on August 1, 1973 by Atlantic Records. Flack recorded the album with producer Joel Dorn for 18 months.


Dina Carroll

Geraldine Carroll (born 21 August 1968, Newmarket, England), best known as Dina Carroll, is a British singer. She is of Scottish and African American heritage. Carroll had a number of hit songs during the 1990s. She had two platinum albums.

Carroll started singing at age of five, mainly at home with her sister. She did not have any formal training as a singer. In 1981, at the age of 13, she won a local talent competition. She sang Barbra Streisand's "Woman in Love". After leaving school, she worked in various jobs. This includes a one-day job as a maid in a Cambridge hotel in 1985.

At the age of 16, she was signed to the London record label "StreetSounds". Carroll moved to West London and recorded two singles, "Set It Off" and "One Nation". Both were released in the mid-1980s. They were credited to a non-existent group, Masquerade. After six months she left StreetSounds.

Her first album has sold more than 350,000 copies.

Khaled Asaad

Khaled Asaad (; 1934 – 18 August 2015) was a Syrian archaeologist. He was the head of antiquities in the city of Palmyra for more than forty years. In May 2015, Palmyra came under the control of the terrorist militant group Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), and Asaad was amongst those captured during this time. He was executed on 18 August 2015.

Louis Stokes

Louis Stokes (February 23, 1925 – August 18, 2015) was an American attorney and politician. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He served 15 terms in the United States House of Representatives from 1969 through 1999. He was the first black congressman elected in the state of Ohio.

Stokes died in Cleveland, Ohio from lung and brain cancer, aged 90.


El Dorado

La Ciudad del Dorado (Spanish for "The City of the Golden One"), otherwise referred to as simply El Dorado ("The Golden One"), is a mythical city in South America. A story of the same name first referred to a deity El Dorado was called after named "El Hombre Dorado" ("The Golden Man"), "El Rey Dorado" ("The Golden King") or "El Dorado" for short. Later, it was used for a city, and in the end, for a whole country. When the Spanish came to South America, they were greedy and tried to find El Dorado.

According to the legend, the new king had to sacrifice things to the sun god. This happened at Lake Guatavita, a small lake near modern-day Bogotá. At night, fires were lit, and the naked torsos of the noblemen were covered in a paste made of gold dust. With the noblemen, the ruler used a raft to navigate to the middle of the lake. There, they sacrificed the valuables, made of gold or precious stones. The king then jumped into the lake, and the gold paste, as well as the other sacrifices went to the bottom of the lake. 

4: The Remix

4: The Remix is an extended play (EP) by American singer Beyoncé. It was released through Columbia Records on April 23, 2012. Before the release of the EP, Beyoncé organised a remix competition for her then-upcoming single "End of Time". The remix was chosen by a judging panel. The winner of the contest was Radzimir "Jimek" Dębski. 4 is a megapop album with a number of A-list guest stars. The guests include Kanye West and André 3000. Writers and producers include Rodney Jerkins, Tricky Stewart, Frank Ocean, Diplo and Switch.

Metacritic gave "4" a generally positive 73 score. The New York Times pointed out that other recording artists could have released some of these songs. "Most of '4,' though, no one else could get away with, or would even want to try." Chris Richards of The Washington Post wrote "It’s also her fourth-best album, as in her worst." The album is "heavy on ballads and midtempo tracks" according to Chicago Tribune critic Greg Kot. 

Mayor of New York City

The Mayor of New York City, officially known as the Mayor of the City of New York, is head of the executive branch of New York City's government. The mayor's office administers all city services, public property, police and fire protection, most public agencies, and enforces all city and state laws within New York City.


Lawrence Lessig

Lester Lawrence Lessig III (born June 3, 1961) is an American academic and political activist. He is known for his work in reducing legal restrictions on copyright, trademark and radio frequency, and helped create the free culture movement. He has been an activist against the Second Amendment and created the Second Constitutional Convention.

Lessig was born in Rapid City, South Dakota, the son of Patricia, who sold real estate, and Lester L. "Jack" Lessig, an engineer. He grew up in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. He studied at the Wharton School, at Trinity College, Cambridge, and at Yale University. For a year, he worked as a clerk in Chicago.

Lessig started his academic career at the University of Chicago Law School, where he was Professor from 1991 to 1997. From 1997 to 2000, he was at Harvard Law School, holding for a year the chair of Berkman Professor of Law, affiliated with the Berkman Center for Internet & Society. He subsequently joined Stanford Law School, where he established the school's Center for Internet and Society.

Lessig returned to Harvard in December 2008 as Professor and Director of the Edmond J. Safra Center for Ethics. In 2013, Lessig was appointed as the Roy L. Furman Professor of Law and Leadership; his chair lecture was titled "Aaron's Laws: Law and Justice in a Digital Age." In 2013, Lessig was also awarded an honorary doctorate by the Faculty of Social Sciences at Lund University, Sweden.

Lessig is currently considered politically liberal. As a law clerk, however, he worked for both Judge Richard Posner and Justice Antonin Scalia, two influential conservative judges.

Lessig has emphasized in interviews that his philosophy experience at Cambridge radically changed his values and career path. Previously, he had held strong conservative or libertarian political views.

In August 2015, Lessig announced that he was exploring a possible candidacy for President of the United States in the 2016 election. On September 6, 2015, Lessig announced that he would run for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination. Almost two months into the campaign trail, poor polling numbers and not being qualified to enter the debates, Lessig dropped out on November 2, 2015.

Lessig is married to Bettina Neuefeind. He is the father of three children (Willem, Teo, and Tess).


Kosi Zone

Koshi was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal. The headquarters and largest city of Koshi Zone was Biratnagar. Other major cities of Koshi Zone were Inaruwa, Dharan, Dhankuta and Itahari. Its main rivers are the Arun, Tamor, and Sapta Koshi. Koshi had six districts. These were Bhojpur, Dhankuta, Morang, Sankhuwasabha, Sunsari and Terhathum.



Korumburra

Korumburra is a town in the Australian state of Victoria. It is south-east of Melbourne. The town is above the sea level. In 2006 there were 4465 people living in Korumburra.

The word "Korumburra" is believed to be an Aboriginal word meaning "maggot". 

The first European settlers began farming cattle in the area in 1846. In 1878 coal was discovered at what was called Coal Creek. Farmers began to create small farms in the area. In 1887 the town was planned to be along the railway line which would go to the coal mine.

The first Post Office in the area opened on 1 September 1884. The railway arrived in 1891. The first school opened in 1897.

Korumburra is the home of Coal Creek Community Park and Museum. This museum shows life in the area from the 1870s to 1920s, as the town rapidly expanded following the discovery coal. The outdoor museum covers of bushland, including 60 exhibits. These include the Giant Earthworm, National Bank, Anzac exhibit, mining exhibits, dairy exhibit at the Boston Carriageworks and Railway Museum. The Park is free entry and open Thursdays to Mondays, and seven days a week during school holidays. A tramway runs on weekends around the lower end of the park with an old-time farm and bush oval. Many local organisations use the Park and environs and special events are held during the year.
There is an Olympic swimming pool (open November–March), basketball stadium, art gallery, the South Gippsland tourist railway. The towns main industries include dairy and beef. The region is home to the world's largest earthworms. The town is also home to Burra foods which is a dairy company.

The town has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Alberton Football League.

The town has a soccer team competing in the South Gippsland Soccer League under the name Korumburra City.

Golfers play at the course of the Korumburra Golf Club on Warragul Road.

In DC Comics about The Flash, Korumburra, spelled Kurrumburra, is the home town of Captain Boomerang.

Korumburra is also the home of the popular tourist railway South Gippsland Railway which operates a heritage railway service between Leongatha and Nyora. Heritage trains are operated each Sunday and on public holidays. 

Korumburra was on the South Gippsland railway line went to Leongatha until 1993. A V/Line road coach service replaced the rail service. The line beyond Leongatha is being used as a rail trail for public use.

On 6 March 2009 an earthquake of 4.7 on the Richter scale was recorded west of Korumburra. A second 4.7 tremor was recorded two weeks later on 18 March 2009; the epicentre was north of the town. No damage was reported.

As of 2 April 2009, fifteen earthquakes and aftershocks have been recorded around the town during 2009.

On 5 July 2011, a 4.4 earthquake with the epicentre on Korumburra was felt over much of suburban Melbourne as well.

Notable people from Korumburra include:

Sagarmatha Zone

Sagarmatha () was one of the fourteen zones in Nepal. It included mountain districts of the Himalayas (including Mount Everest) in the north, hill districts in the center, and valley districts of the Terai in the south. It was bordered by China to the north, India to the south, the Koshi Zone to the east and the Janakpur Zone to the west. The main city of the Sagarmatha Zone was Rajbiraj which is also the headquarters.

Sagarmatha was divided into six districts: 


Geography of Nepal

Nepal measures about along its Himalayan axis by across. With it slightly outranks the state of Arkansas in the United States. Nepal is landlocked by India on three sides and China's Tibet Autonomous Region to the north.


Janakpur Zone

Janakpur ( ), was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, reaching from the Indian border in the south to the Tibetan border in the north and Sagarmatha Zone in the east and Bagmati and Naryani Zones in the west.

The headquarters of Janakpur Zone and its main city was Janakpur. It is a historic city of Hinduism. The city was believed to be the capital city of King Janak, the father in law of Lord Rama, the son of the then king of Ayodhya, Dasharatha. The name of this zone is related to the historic King Janak and his capital Janakpur. 

Other cities within Janakpur Zone were Kamalamai (in Inner Terai) and Bhimeshwor and Bardibas, Dhalkebar, Jaleshwor, Malangwa, Gaushala Bazar and Matihani (Outer Terai).

Janakpur was divided into six districts. They are :-


Bagmati Zone

Bagmati ( "Bāgmatī Añcal"), was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal. It is named after the Bagmati River. Bagmati was in the Central Development Region of Nepal. The zone contained the Kathmandu Valley. The capital was Kathmandu. In 2011 the total population was 3,843,596. 

Limestone, talc, zinc, lead and silver are mined and exported from Bagmati. Brown, white and pink marble are also exported. The hill districts around Kathmandu are notorious for human trafficking in young girls. The girls are taken to India where they are sold to brothels.

Bagmati was divided into eight districts:


List of people from Vancouver

This is a list of notable personalities/celebrities from or who spent considerable time living in Vancouver, British Columbia.

























Point Grey Secondary School

Point Grey Secondary School is a public secondary school in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It was built in 1929. It was designed in the Collegiate Gothic style by Townley & Matheson. It is on Heritage Vancouver Society’s Top 10 most-endangered sites list for 2015. The school is at risk of being damaged by an earthquake.

The Fraser Institute gives the school a ranking of 52 out of 289 schools for 2013–2104.

Monmouth County, New Jersey

Monmouth County, New Jersey is a county of New Jersey.

Santa Clarita, California

Santa Clarita, officially the City of Santa Clarita, is the third largest city in Los Angeles County, California. It is the 17th largest city in the state of California. The city has annexed unincorporated areas, which has made the population higher. Santa Clarita is about 35 miles (56 km) northwest of downtown Los Angeles. It takes up most of Santa Clarita Valley. It is a good example of a U.S. edge city or boomburb. Santa Clarita was ranked by "Money" magazine in 2006 as 18th of the top 100 places to live. There are four smaller communities in Santa Clarita. They are called Valencia, Saugus, Newhall, and Canyon Country. Santa Clarita is well known for the amusement park Six Flags Magic Mountain as well as the TV program Santa Clarita Diet.

Santa Clarita became a city in December 1987, but its history stretches back many hundreds of years. In the year 450, a group of Native Americans called the Tataviam arrived in the valley, and as many as 2,000 lived there at their height.

In 1842, Francisco Lopez found gold in the area. It was the first recorded gold in the state. It is marked in an area called Placerita Canyon, which was also the original "back lot" area for Hollywood movie makers.

The town of Newhall is named after Henry Mayo Newhall, a businessman who became rich during the California Gold Rush. At first, he founded H.M. Newhall & Company, an auction house in San Francisco. Then, he got into the railroad business. He put money into companies that would join San Francisco to other cities and was in charge of the San Francisco and San Jose Railroad. He sold the business to the Southern Pacific Railroad in 1870, and was one of the people in charge of it.

After railroads, Newhall started focusing on real estate and ranching. He bought 143,000 acres of land between Los Angeles and Monterey counties. The largest piece of land was the 46,460 acres of land in northern Los Angeles County which was called the Rancho San Francisco, later called Newhall Ranch. He sold some of his property to the Southern Pacific Railroad which built a train line through the present-day Newhall Pass. They also built a town and named it after Newhall. The first station North on the new line was named Saugus by Newhall, after his hometown of Saugus, Massachusetts. His children created the Newhall Land and Farming Company that helped build the rest of Santa Clarita.

On September 5, 1876, Charles Crocker and joined their railroads together in Canyon Country, linking Los Angeles with the rest of the country for the first time.

A couple of weeks later, on September 26, Charles Alexander Mentry built California's first useful oil well in Mentryville, helping kickstart the Southern California oil industry. The oil was cleaned in Newhall, in what is now the oldest existing oil cleaner in the world. It was open between 1874 and 1888.

The Saugus Cafe on Railroad Avenue in Saugus was opened in 1887. It is far and away the oldest open restaurant in Los Angeles County and the 16th oldest open restaurant in the state.

Filming in Santa Clarita began at the turn of the century and featured actors including William S. Hart and John Wayne. Hart and actor Harry Carey both have parks named after them in the county.

The Santa Clarita Valley was the scene of the second most deadly disaster in Californian history, behind the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. It was known as the "worst civil engineering failure of the 20th century". Before midnight on March 12, 1928, the St. Francis Dam collapsed. It caused a flood to rush all the way West to the Pacific Ocean near Ventura. An estimated 431 people were killed, and the site of the present-day Westfield Valencia Town Center was buried in muck. The disaster resulted in the end of the career of engineer William Mulholland.

After many attempts to form a city or a county, the four communities of Canyon Country, Newhall, Saugus, and Valencia finally joined to become the City of Santa Clarita at 4:30 PM on December 15, 1987.

Santa Clarita is located in the Santa Clarita Valley, a valley in northern Los Angeles County, just north of the San Fernando Valley and southwest of the Antelope Valley. The Santa Clara River runs east–west through the valley. Freeways Interstate 5 and State Route 14 also run across the valley. Six Flags Magic Mountain is located just west of Interstate 5, in Stevenson Ranch. Smaller hills also cross the valley. Hiking trails are common in the hills, including Central Park, Quigley Canyon, East Canyon, Rice Canyon, and Towsley Canyon.

Santa Clarita has a Mediterranean climate with warm and dry days throughout the year. This, along with the Chaparral ecosystem in the area, makes wildfires common in the summer.

Mission Hills, Los Angeles

Mission Hills is an urban residential community of the San Fernando Valley, within the city of Los Angeles, California.

It is near the northern junction of the Golden State Freeway (I-5) and the San Diego Freeway (I-405). The Ronald Reagan Freeway (SR-118) runs through it. Mission Hills is at the northern end of the long Sepulveda Boulevard. Other main roads are San Fernando Mission Boulevard, Woodman Avenue, and Rinaldi, Brand, Chatsworth, Devonshire, and Lassen Streets. The boundaries are roughly Sepulveda Blvd and Interstate 405 to the west, Interstate 5 to the north and east, Van Nuys Boulevard to the southeast, and Lassen Street to the south. The Granada Hills community lies to the west, Sylmar to the north, the city of San Fernando to the northeast, Pacoima to the east, Arleta to the southeast, and Panorama City to the south.

The community is named for the nearby Spanish Mission San Fernando Rey de España of 1784. The Andrés Pico Adobe, the second oldest residence still standing in Los Angeles, is there. The San Fernando Mission Cemetery, located a short distance away, is one of the oldest active cemeteries within the San Fernando Valley.

Shadow Hills, Los Angeles

Shadow Hills is a semi-rural neighborhood in northern Los Angeles, California, USA.

Lev Durov

Lev Konstantinovich Durov (, 23 December 1931 – 20 August 2015) was a Soviet-born Russian theatre and movie actor. He was born in Moscow. He began acting since 1955. He was a People's Artist of USSR.

Durov died on 20 August 2015 at the age of 83.


Joseph G. Hakobyan

Joseph G. Hakobyan (born 28 August 1931) is a Russian scientist. He is an expert on missiles development. He was the Deputy General of the Moscow Research Institute. 

Hakobyan was born in Saratov, Russia.


Lina Morgan

María de los Ángeles López Segovia (20 March 1937 – 20 August 2015), better known as Lina Morgan, was a Spanish actress and showgirl. She performed in movie, theatre, and television. She was known for her roles in "Hostal Royal Manzanares" (1996), "Una de dos" (1998) and "Academia de baile Gloria" (2001).

Suharno (footballer)

Suharno (1 October 1959 – 19 August 2015) was an Indonesian football coach. He has managed Arema Cronus since November 2013. He played 12 years as a footballer. He began his career in PS Banteng and is due to retire after three seasons playing for Niac Mitra. He began his coaching career in 1988 as player-assistant coach at Niac Mitra.

LGBT rights in Afghanistan

LGBT people living in Afghanistan face legal and social challenges. Being a homosexual, or cross-dressing (wearing clothes usually worn by the oppposite gender), are serious crimes in Afghan culture. The punishment for homosexuality has been death penalty since 2021 when the Taliban overthrew the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan and brang back the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan. In rural parts of the country, local villagers take the law into their own hands and punish people.

Even though both society and law try to stop homosexual activities, there is a form of bisexuality (sexual attraction to both sexes) within mainstream Afghan culture. Boys are kidnapped to act as sexual slaves for adult men. This often happens in a military where there is no access to women. It also happens when an adult man gives money or gifts to young boys in return for sexual activity. These acts are accepted because they are not seen as being an act of LGBT identity, but rather an act of male power and dominance. The boys are forced to be the "female" partner in the relationship. The boys involved are called "Bacha bazi" in Dari and there are many them in the big cities of Afghanistan. A law has been passed to stop Afghan male soldiers from having the boys they sexually abuse to live with them.

Military members generally do not have access to women, and often boys are kidnapped to be humiliated and raped by adult men. Other boys become prostitutes for adult men, regardless of their sexual orientation.

In 2007, reports stated that the practice of "bacha bareesh" (beardless boys) is still prevalent in parts of northern Afghanistan. This practice involves teenage boys being dressed in women's clothing and made to participate in dance competitions and engage in sexual acts.

Homosexuality is often associated with both sexual abuse and prostitution, a popular misconception that affects the laws made in the country.

Wang Dongxing

Wang Dongxing (1 January 1916 – 21 August 2015) was a Chinese communist politician. He was Mao Zedong's principal bodyguard during the Cultural Revolution. He served as Vice Chairman of the Communist Party of China from 1977 to 1980. He was born in Yiyang County, Jiangxi.

Wang died on 21 August 2015 in Beijing, aged 99.

Harry Volkman

Harry Volkman (April 18, 1926 – August 20, 2015) was an American meteorologist. He was the first weatherman to issue a tornado warning. He retired in 2004. He was born in Medford, Massachusetts. He won three Emmy Awards.

Volkman died from respiratory failure in Des Plaines, Illinois, aged 89.

Tony Amendola

Tony Amendola (born August 24, 1944) is an American actor. He is best known for playing the Jaffa master Bra'tac in "Stargate SG-1". Amendola is also known for his recurring role as revolutionary leader Edouard Kagame of Liber8 in the television show "Continuum".

Anger Management (movie)

Anger Management is a 2003 American slapstick comedy movie directed by Peter Segal. It was written by David S. Dorfman. It stars Adam Sandler, Jack Nicholson, Marisa Tomei, John Turturro, and Woody Harrelson. It was produced by Revolution Studios. It has cameo appearances of Rudy Giuliani, Bob Sheppard, and Derek Jeter. It was released to positive reviews on April 11, 2003.


Airbourne

Airbourne are an Australian hard rock band from Warrnambool, Victoria, Australia. Original members are Joel O'Keeffe, Ryan O'Keeffe, David Roads and Adam Jacobson, but Adam leaves the band in 2004 and was replaced by Justin Street. In 2004, the band release their first EP, called "Ready to Rock". Their first studio album was released in 2007 and is called "Runnin' Wild". This album have three singles: "Runnin' Wild", "Too Much, Too Young, Too Fast" and "Diamond in the Rough". In 2010, the band released their second studio album, called "No Guts. No Glory". The third studio album is called "Black Dog Barking" and was released in 2013.

Airbourne formed as a hard rock band in late 2003 in the Victorian country town of Warrnambool by Joel O'Keeffe (born c. 1985) and his younger brother Ryan (born c. 1986). Joel had played guitar since the age of 11 and Ryan got his first drum kit four years later also at the age of 11. Joel met David Roads (born c. 1983) when the two worked at the Hotel Warrnambool. The pair brought their guitars to work and, after their shifts, jammed on song ideas, Roads was asked to join the O’Keeffe brothers on rhythm guitar for rehearsals at their house. By late 2003, Adam Jacobson had joined on bass guitar, the group was named Airbourne and played regular gigs at the local Criterion Hotel.

In March 2004 the four-piece won a statewide band competition, Push-On, in Melbourne. Their early material was influenced by Australian rock bands AC/DC, The Angels, Billy Thorpe and Rose Tattoo. They recorded an eight-track extended play, "Ready to Rock", which appeared in July 2004 as an independent self-funded release. By that time Jacobson was replaced by Justin Street (born c. 1986) on bass guitar – Ryan had met Street while stumbling home drunk from a party one night. In early 2005, the band relocated to Melbourne and in August, they signed a five album record deal with Capitol Records. According to Joel, while the band were living in a shared house they threw a party, and during listening to aKrokus CD, "Rock the Block", a blown fuse resulted in a fire burning the back part of the house. The group have supported Mötley Crüe, Motörhead, Iron Maiden and The Rolling Stones, as well as performing at summer music festivals.

In 2006 Airbourne travelled to the United States to begin work on their first studio album, "Runnin' Wild", with producer Bob Marlette (Ozzy Osbourne, Alice Cooper)."Runnin' Wild" was released in Australia on 23 June 2007. Three singles were issued from the album, "Runnin' Wild" (May), "Too Much, Too Young, Too Fast" (June), a playable track on "Guitar Hero World Tour"; and "Diamond in the Rough". In February, Capitol Records had cancelled their contract with Airbourne, but the album was still issued in Australia through EMI. In June, the band signed with Roadrunner Records for international distribution.

The album peaked in the top 30 on the ARIA Albums Chart in Australia, top 40 on New Zealand's RIANZ Albums Chart and appeared on charts in Austria, Switzerland and France. During late 2007, the group toured the United States supporting Kid Rock and Korn. "Runnin' Wild" was issued in North America, Europe and Japan in January 2008, after which they relocated permanently to the US. The album reached the Top 100 on the UK Albums Chart and appeared on the "Billboard" 200. In September 2007, they issued a five-track live extended play, "Live at the Playroom".

In a September 2008 interview with MetalSucks, Joel discussed comparisons with AC/DC, "whoever you are when you come out, especially if you’re from Australia and you sound like we do, you’re going to get compared to anyone who is out there. It doesn’t matter who you are, you are going to get compared to somebody. To be compared to the best rock and roll band in the business, who are still going today and are about to release another album, there is no higher compliment..." In November at the Astoria in London, Dan Hawkins (Stone Gods/The Darkness) joined Airbourne on stage to play the AC/DC song, "Whole Lotta Rosie". Hawkins played Joel's guitar (white Gibson Explorer) while Joel sang without any guitar.

Roads confirmed that in January 2009, Airbourne would enter the studio to begin recording their second album, "No Guts. No Glory." In the 17 January issue of "Kerrang!" magazine, Joel revealed they had earlier written the tracks in the Criterion Hotel, "We're getting all our gear plugged in and getting set for Aussie pub rock written in an Aussie rock pub!"

The album was produced by Johnny K, mixed by Mike Fraser, and was released on 8 March 2010 in the UK, Europe, Canada, Japan, Australia and New Zealand, and in the U.S. on 20 April. "Born to Kill", was first played live at the Logan Campbell Centre, Auckland, New Zealand in October 2009. In January 2010, another new song, "No Way But the Hard Way", was played on the BBC Radio 1's "Rock Show". On 9 February it was available on iTunes, as the first single from the album. The album reached the top 20 on the ARIA Albums Chart, and top 20 on albums charts in Austria, New Zealand, Finland, Greece, Sweden and Switzerland. In the UK it peaked at No. 31, while on the US "Billboard" 200 it reached the top 100.

The Band went on a UK Tour supporting Iron Maiden on their Final Frontier World Tour from 20 July Starting at Glasgow SECC Arena ending at Cardiff Motorpoint Arena on 1 August 2011

It was announced in November 2011 through their official Facebook page that since mid-2011 the band had been working on a new album, and that updates were to follow soon. The album's name, "Black Dog Barking", was announced in early February 2013 on their Facebook page. It was released on 21 May 2013 via Roadrunner. The cover artwork was once again created by Australian artists "The Sharp Brothers", who also did the cover artwork for "No Guts. No Glory." According to David Roads, the idea behind the album title was, to use the Black Dog as a metaphor for the bands ability to break the rules, especially not to care for db limits. At the end of 2013 Airbourne toured Europe, supported - amongst others - by the Swedish band Corroded.

In November 2014, Joel O'Keeffe revealed the band was already writing songs for their next studio album.

In January 2015, The band revealed that they signed for a worldwide deal with Spinefarm Records.






Love?

Love? is the seventh studio album by American singer and entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It was released on April 29, 2011 by Island Records. It was the only album that Lopez released on that label. This was Lopez' third consecutive album to have all singles reach number one on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Songs. That made eleven number ones for her. Lopez also worked with many entertainers including Pitbull, Lil Wayne, Lady Gaga, and The-Dream.

The album's first single was "On the Floor". Pitbull sings on it. The song reached number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It reached number one on more than eighteen international charts.


!scope="row"|Middle East (IFPI)

Dance Again... the Hits

Dance Again... the Hits is the first greatest hits album by American singer and entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It was released on July 20, 2012. The album features the singles from all of Lopez' albums (including her ""). It was released by Epic Records, Lopez' original record label. The idea for Lopez to release a greatest hits began back in 2009. However she ended up releasing "Love?" in 2011 instead.

A.K.A. (album)

A.K.A. is the eighth studio album by American singer and entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It was released June 13, 2014 by Capitol Records. It features guest appearances from a wide range of rappers such as Nas, Iggy Azalea, French Montana, T.I. and Rick Ross. The album returns Lopez to her hip hop and R&B roots.

Baltasound

Baltasound is the largest settlement on the island of Unst in Shetland. Unst is the most northerly inhabited island in the United Kingdom. The village lies halfway along the island's east coast on a sheltered bay called Balta Sound.

Baltasound was formerly the most important herring port in Shetland, in 1902 its catch exceeded that of the Shetland capital Lerwick. The herring trade declined rapidly after 1905 but the physical remains of the herring boom remained long after.

Baltasound was the home of the noted Victorian botanist Thomas Edmondston, who was born at Buness House where his uncle, also called Thomas was the laird. A memorial stone erected outside the house by the elder Thomas Edmondston commemorates scientific studies undertaken there by the French physicist Jean-Baptiste Biot.

Baltasound can also lay claim to the most northerly "wood" in the British Isles, although it is not very substantial.

Baltasound is home to the most Northerly Met Office weather station in the United Kingdom. Despite its northerly location, Baltasound experiences a maritime climate, as with the rest of the British Isles, albeit a very pronounced one, with mild winters and particularly cool summers. It is generally cool and clammy throughout the year.

Baltasound holds the record for the highest temperature recorded in the Shetland Islands: on 2 July 1958. On the same day, the highest humidex for Baltasound of 34 was recorded. It also possibly holds the record for the lowest Shetland temperature: on 5 February 2001.

Sunshine hours are not available for this station, so the sunshine values provided are for the whole of Northern Scotland. The extreme northerly location combined with frequent overcast skies leads to very low levels of sunshine in the winter months, December averages less than 45 minutes of bright sunshine daily.

Baltasound is the snowiest low-lying area of the British isles, with an average of 64.7 days of snow falling per year.

Latin house

Latin house is a kind of dance music. It mixes together house music with Latin music like that of Spanish Mexican, Brazilian, Puerto Rican, Cuban, Dominican and Colombian origins. It started in the late 1980s in places like New York City and Chicago. It mixed together East Coast dance music with the sounds of Salsa, Latin jazz and Brazilian beats. DJ groups like Raze began making house music with Spanish lyrics. Nervous Records, an underground house music and hip hop record label, produced a number of Latin house releases by different artists. As it grew in popularity it began to be recognized as a genre.

Straight Outta Compton (movie)

Straight Outta Compton is a 2015 American biographical movie. It was directed by F. Gary Gray and it was produced by Ice Cube, Tomica Woods-Wright, Matt Alvarez, F. Gary Gray, Scott Bernstein, and Dr. Dre. "Straight Outta Compton" was released on August 14, 2015. The movie is about the Compton hip hop group N.W.A and it follows the group through their rise and fall.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 89% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Richard Roeper of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the movie 3.5 stars out of 4 and called it "one of the better musical biopics of the last 20 years." Roeper said that the movie was "enthralling" and "energized" and he praised the cast for delivering "strong, memorable work that transcends mere imitation."


So Close (album)

So Close is the first album by British singer-songwriter Dina Carroll. It was released in January 1993 on the A&M label. It entered the charts at #2. The album eventually sold 1.5 million copies in the UK. So Close won the Mercury Prize as Album of the Year in 1996.


Arranged By [Strings] – Nigel Lowis (tracks: 3 9) 
Design – Jeremy Pearce 
Drum Programming – CJ Mackintosh (tracks: 4, 6 to 8), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 3 10) 
Engineer, Producer [Additional Production] – Steve Boyer (tracks: 3, 8) 
Guitar – Nigel Lowis (tracks: 4 6 7) 
Keyboards – Nigel Lowis (tracks: 3 4 6 7 10) 
Leader [Strings] – David Nadien (tracks: 3, 8) 
Mixed By – CJ Mackintosh (tracks: 2 4 6 7 9), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 2, 4 to 7, 9, 10) 
Mixed By [Assistant] – Howie B. (tracks: 6 7 9), Niall Flynn (tracks: 4, 7, 10, 11) 
Performer [All Instruments] – CJ Mackintosh (tracks: 2 9), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 2 5 9) 
Photography By – Simon Fowler (2) 
Producer – CJ Mackintosh (tracks: 2 9), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 2 to 12) 
Saxophone – Jimmy Gallagher (tracks: 2 9) 
Written-By – Dina Carroll (tracks: 2 to 9), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 2 to 9)

<br>

Only Human

Only Human is the second album by British singer-songwriter Dina Carroll. It was released in 1996 on the Mercury label. As of 2015, it was her last studio album.


Arranged By [Horns] – Nick Ingman (tracks: 3 4 6) 
Arranged By [Strings] – Nick Ingman (tracks: 2 3 4 5 6 12) 
Artwork By – Area 
Backing Vocals – Dina Carroll (tracks: 2, 3, 6 to 10, 12), Ivor Reid (tracks: 6 8), Lance Ellington (tracks: 1 4 5), Marc Reid (tracks: 6 8), Miriam Stockley (tracks: 1 4 5) 
Conductor [Horns] – Nick Ingman (tracks: 3 6) 
Conductor [Strings] – Nick Ingman (tracks: 2 3 5 6 12) 
Engineer – Ren Swan (tracks: 3 6 8 11 12), Rich Lowe (tracks: 1, 2 to 5, 7 to 10) 
Engineer [Assistant] – Andrew Godwin (tracks: 1 to 5, 7 to 10), Tim Wills (tracks: 1, 3 to 8, 10 to 12) 
Guitar – Hugh Burns (tracks: 1 5), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 3 4 9 10) 
Keyboards – Graham Plato (tracks: 3 9 10), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 1 2 4 5 7 8) 
Leader [Strings] – Gavin Wright (tracks: 2 3 5 6 12) 
Mixed By – Bob Clearmountain (tracks: 1 5), Nigel Lowis (tracks: 2 to 4, 6, 8 to 12), Ren Swan (tracks: 3 4 9 10), Rich Lowe (tracks: 8 12) 
Photography – Simon Fowler 
Piano [Grand Piano] – Peter Oxendale (tracks: 5 11 12) 
Producer – Nigel Lowis 
Programmed By – Graham Plato (tracks: 1 to 5, 7 to 10, 11) 
Saxophone – Jimmy Gallagher (tracks: 3 6) 
Strings – London Session Orchestra (tracks: 2 3 5 6 12)

The Female Boss

The Female Boss is the debut studio album by English singer and songwriter Tulisa. It was released on 3 December 2012 via All Around the World and Island Records. The first single "Young" reached number one on the UK charts but the album did not meet the same and received bad reviews.


Grime (music)

Grime is a genre of electronic music that first began in London in the early 2000s. The genre evolved out of UK garage and is influenced by drum and bass, dancehall, ragga, and hip hop. Grime music is generally produced around 137-143 beats per minute, with its aggressive, jagged electronic sound. Rapping is also an important part of grime. 

Pirate radios (illegal radio stations) were important in the early days of grime, as they were the only places that would play the genre before it was able to gain mainstream attention in the UK during the mid-2000s. Early important musicians would be Dizzee Rascal, Kano, Lethal Bizzle, and Wiley. Other important musicians include; P Money, Ghetts, Jme, Skepta, Stormzy and grime groups such as Boy Better Know, Newham Generals, Roll Deep, and Ruff Sqwad. In the mid-2010s, grime started to gain attention in Australia. The genre has been described as the "most significant musical development within the UK for decades".

Grime began in the early 2000s in London. Early pirate radio stations (illegal radio stations) helped spread grime, such as Rinse FM, Deja Vu FM, Major FM, Freeze 92.7 and Raw Mission. The illegal radio stations were the first to play and promote grime music. At the time, grime did not have a standard name, with many different names being used instead, such as 8-bar, nu shape, sublow, and eskibeat. These names were used to describe a new sound that was developing out of UK garage, drifting away from its house music influences and instead drifting towards darker themes and sounds.

Among the first songs to be called "grime" were "Eskimo", "Ice Rink", and "Igloo" by Wiley, "Pulse X" by Musical Mob, and "Creeper" by Danny Weed.

"Grime" was named by journalists who originally defined the genre as "grimy", due to its gritty and dark sound, which subsequently became "grime".

Dizzee Rascal, Wiley, Kano, and Lethal Bizzle were among the first grime musicians to gain mainstream media attention in 2003-2004. Their albums "Boy in da Corner", "Treddin' on Thin Ice", "Home Sweet Home", and "Against All Oddz" were the first to gain popularity. Dizzee Rascal gained a lot of acclaim and commercial success with his album "Boy in da Corner." In 2003, Dizzee Rascal was able to win the Mercury Music Prize because of the album. However, many other grime musicians were not able to gain mainstream popularity. To help advertise lesser-known musicians, Jammer (from the group Boy Better Know) created "Lord of the Mics" in 2004. "Lord of the MIcs" was a yearly DVD series, which provided a platform for lesser-known musicians to promote themselves. The musicians on "Lord of the Mics" showcased their talents by competing in battle raps (also called "clashing"). The DVD also contained interviews with grime musicians. The DVD was at first sold by Jammer himself, but he was later able to sell it via ukrecordshop.com which helped the DVD rise in popularity. The DVD helped many lesser-known grime artists gain popularity, and also helped grime gain a fanbase on the internet. Before the DVD, many grime artists only gained fans by performing live in pirate radio (illegal radio stations).

The 2005 release of 679 Recordings' "Run the Road" compilation, showcased some of the most popular grime releases to that point, increasing the popularity and fame of grime and grime artists internationally. A particularly notable grime artist who has had success overseas is Lady Sovereign, who reached #1 on MTV's TRL, appeared on "Late Show with David Letterman", and is now signed to Jay-Z's Roc-A-Fella Records.


Studio City, Los Angeles

Studio City is a neighborhood in the city of Los Angeles, California, in the San Fernando Valley. It is named after the studio lot that was established in the area by film producer Mack Sennett in 1927, now known as CBS Studio Center.

Almost half of Studio City residents aged 25 and older (49.4%) had earned a four-year degree by 2000, a high percentage for both the city and the county. The percentages of those residents with a master's degree was also high for the county.

Schools within the Studio City boundaries are:



Dancehall

Dancehall is a genre of Jamaican popular music. It started in the late 1970s. It is a mixture of reggae, hip hop, and R&B.

Tarzana, Los Angeles

Tarzana is a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California. It is a mostly residential community. It is the site of a former ranch owned by author Edgar Rice Burroughs. It is named after Burroughs' storybook jungle character hero, Tarzan.

No Me Ames

"No Me Ames" (English: "Don't Love Me") is a song by Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony. It is a Spanish cover of an Italian song called "Non Amarmi".

The credits are adapted from the "On the 6" liner notes.


Waiting for Tonight

"Waiting for Tonight" is a song by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It is from her first album, "On the 6". The song was released in 1999. It is a cover of a song that was originally recorded by a girl group called 3rd Party in 1997. Critics liked Lopez' version because it was more of a house version than Eurodance.

The song reached the top ten in several countries worldwide, including number eight on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The music video for "Waiting for Tonight" features a futuristic, Y2K theme.










Credits adapted from the liner notes of "On the 6".



Feelin' So Good

"Feelin' So Good" is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It was for her debut studio album "On the 6". It has rappers Fat Joe and Big Pun. It is a hip hop and R&B song. It is mainly about enjoying life.










Granada Hills, Los Angeles

Granada Hills, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California in the San Fernando Valley. It is at the foothills of the Santa Susana Mountains. This is north of the North Hills, Northridge, west of Mission Hills and Sylmar, and east of the Porter Ranch neighborhoods.


West Hills, Los Angeles

West Hills, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. The percentage of residents aged 35 and older is among the highest in Los Angeles County.



Arleta, Los Angeles

Arleta, Los Angeles is a neighborhood in Los Angeles, California.


Christian Louboutin

Christian Louboutin (; born 7 January 1963) is a French footwear designer. His signature is the red soles on the shoes he designs.

Louboutin's shoes were named the "Most Prestigious Women's Shoes" in 2007, 2008, and 2009. In 2011, Louboutin became the most searched-for shoe brand online.

Time in Chile

The official Time in Chile is actually defined and divided into 3 time zones: 


Toluca Lake, Los Angeles

Toluca Lake is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California located in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles County, California, 12 miles (19 km) northwest of Downtown. The name is also given to a private natural lake fed by the Los Angeles River and maintained by neighboring property owners.

The history of Toluca Lake can be traced to the days of the Tongva Indians, followed by Spanish colonization and Mexican independence. Toluca Lake was part of the early rancho system. The original Toluca Lake was divided, with the neighborhood being known as Forman Toluca Ranch. In 1923, investors bought and developed the land as "Toluca Lake Park".

Like many City of Los Angeles neighborhoods, Toluca Lake has a central business district and mail can be addressed to either "Toluca Lake, CA 91602" or "Los Angeles, CA 91602."

The neighborhood has a distinguished history of notable residents. Ronald and Nancy Reagan held their wedding reception in Toluca Lake. More recently, it has been the home of famous entertainers such as Miley Cyrus, Viola Davis, and Melissa McCarthy.


Winnetka, Los Angeles

Winnetka, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.

Canoga Park, Los Angeles

Canoga Park, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.


Sir Kay

In stories about King Arthur, Sir Kay is Sir Ector's son and King Arthur's foster brother. He later becomes Arthur's seneschal, and one of the first Knights of the Round Table. 

Along with Bedivere, Kay is one of the earliest people linked with Arthur.

Heterosociality

Heterosociality is a term used in sociology. It refers to social relationships between persons of the opposite sex. It is the opposite of homosociality. Heterosocial interactions, or social interactions with peers of the opposite sex, may serve a number of developmental functions during adolescence. These can include intimacy, friendship, and include sexual experimentation and activity.


Annual average daily traffic

Annual average daily traffic, abbreviated AADT, is a measure used primarily in transportation planning and transportation engineering. Traditionally, it is the total volume of vehicle traffic of a highway or road for a year divided by 365 days. AADT is a useful and simple measurement of how busy the road is. Newer advances from traffic data providers are now providing AADT by side of the road, by day of week and by time of day.

Average summer daily traffic (abbreviated to "ASDT") is a similar measure to the annual average daily traffic.


Air draft

Air draft (or air draught) is the distance from the surface of the water to the highest point on a vessel (a ship or boat).

St. Elmo's fire

St. Elmo's fire (also called St. Elmo's light) is a weather event in which bright, glowing, ball of light is seen near pointed objects, like the mast of a ship. It is plasma made by a coronal discharge from a sharp or pointed object in a strong electric field in the air. These fields could be created by thunderstorms or a volcanic eruption.

St. Elmo's fire is named after St. Erasmus of Formia. Elmo (and Erasmo) is the Italian name for St. Erasmus, the patron saint of sailors. The fire sometimes was seen on ships at sea during thunderstorms. Sailors believed the glowing ball of light may have been a religious event, and named it after St. Elmo. Electricity in the air can change compass readings, so some sailors may have seen the fire as a sign of bad luck and stormy weather. Other references claim that sailors may have thought of St. Elmo's fire as a good sign, showing that their patron saint was with them.

Arthur Morris

Arthur Robert Morris MBE (19 January 1922 – 22 August 2015) was an Australian cricketer. He played 46 Test matches between 1946 and 1955. An opener, Morris was thought to be as one of Australia's greatest left-handed batsmen. He was best known for his key role in Don Bradman's "Invincibles".

Morris died on 22 August 2015 at the age of 93.

Gerry Steinberg

Gerald Neil "Gerry" Steinberg (20 April 1945 – 21 August 2015) was a Labour Party politician. He was Member of Parliament for the City of Durham from 1987 until his retirement in 2005.

Steinberg was born in Durham. He died on 21 August 2015 after a long illness, aged 70.

Anna Kashfi

Anna Kashfi (born Joan O'Callaghan; September 30, 1934 – August 21, 2015) was a British-Indian movie actress. She had a brief Hollywood career in the 1950s. She was best known for having been married to Marlon Brando. Her first movie was "The Mountain" (1956). 

Kashfi died on August 21, 2015 in Kalama, Washington, aged 80.


Ieng Thirith

Ieng Thirith (née Khieu; ; 10 March 1932 – 22 August 2015) was an important Cambodian figure and political criminal in the Khmer Rouge, but was neither a member of the Khmer Rouge Standing Committee nor of the Central Committee. 

Thirith was the widow of Ieng Sary, who was minister of foreign affairs of Democratic Kampuchea's Khmer Rouge regime. She served as Minister of Social Affairs from October 1975 until the fall of the Khmer Rouge in 1979. 

She was arrested & charged by the Extraordinary Chamber in the Courts of Cambodia (ECCC) in November 2007 with her husband, Ieng Sary, on suspicion of genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity. She was sentenced to house arrest. Her sentence was lifted in 2012 due to mental health.

Thirith died from complications of Alzheimer's disease in Pailin at the age of 83.


Brewster, New York

Brewster is a village within the town of Southeast, New York in Putnam County, United States. Its population was 2,508 in 2020. The village is the most densely populated portion of the town. The village is named for two early farmers, Walter and James Brewster.

American Academy of Dramatic Arts

The American Academy of Dramatic Arts (AADA) is a two-year performing arts school. It has two locations. The first is at 120 Madison Avenue, Manhattan, New York City. The second is at 1336 North La Brea Avenue, Hollywood, California. AADA is the oldest acting school in the English-speaking world. The 2015 tuition is $30,650. About 81% of those who apply are accepted. AADA is a private non-profit institution.

The academy in New York City was founded in 1884. Its purpose was to train actors for the stage. The landmark building was designed by noted architect Stanford White as the original Colony Club. In 1974, the academy opened another campus in Pasadena, California. This made AADA the only professional actor training school in both major theatrical centers in the US. The Los Angeles campus moved from Pasadena to Hollywood in 2001.

The academy remains dedicated to training professional actors. It offers a two-year program. Students have to be invited back for the second year. Auditions are held at the end of the second year for the third year company. As well as training for the theatre, it now offers courses in the movies and television. Students who graduate in New York receive an Associate of Occupational Studies degree. Students who graduate in Hollywood receive a Certificate of Completion or an Associate of Arts degree in acting. Students from New York and Los Angeles can get a Bachelor of Arts degree from selected universities.

Notable alumni include:



Soundtrack

A soundtrack, also written sound track, can be recorded music that is synchronized to the images of a motion picture. Soundtracks can also be part of a book, television program, radio program or video game. A commercially released soundtrack album can be of music from a film or TV show. The term can also mean the physical area of photographic film that contains the synchronized recorded sound.

In 1896 when people saw the first motion picture someone played music to go along with it. This was the era of the silent movie meaning only that the actors did not speak. A musician played different music to show drama, the character types and the storyline. There was music to introduce war, indians, cowboys and other types to the scenes. There was special music to introduce the hero. Even the villain had his own musical pieces to identify him. Finally, in 1927 moviemakers figured out how to include a soundtrack on the film. The movie "The Jazz Singer" was the first musical where the audience could hear Al Jolson perform.

<br>

Fear of Flying (album)

Fear of Flying is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Mýa, released April 25, 2000 on Interscope Records. It features the hit single "Case of the Ex."




Liberation (Mýa album)

Liberation is the fourth studio album by Mýa. It was going to be her first release with her then new record label Universal Motown. Before moving to Universal, she had begun work on an album for her previous label, Interscope, called "Control Freak". and was originally going to be released in summer 2005. It was later renamed to "Liberation".

The album was released only in Japan. It was released only as a downloadable album. The album features rappers Snoop Dogg and Lil Wayne.


Sugar &amp; Spice (Mýa album)

Sugar & Spice is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Mýa. It was her first studio album to be released by Manhattan Recordings. It was released on December 3, 2008, after she left Universal Motown in early 2008. The album has a cover of the reggae song "Shy Guy" by Diana King.


Jentina

Jentina Rose Rees (née Chapman) (born 6 March 1984 in Woking, England) known simply as Jentina, is an English rapper, singer, songwriter and model. She also is of Romani people descent.

Jentina got her first record deal at the age of nineteen. She was working in a computer shop at the time. She then came to fame in 2004 with her first single "Bad Ass Strippa". It was a rap song that sampled "For the Love of Money" by R&B group the O'Jays. It reached number twenty two in the UK. Her follow up single "French Kisses" was more R&B than hip hop sounding and reached number twenty. Her third single "Mysterious" didn't chart in the UK and was only released in Italy. Her album "Jentina" was released in Italy in 2005. "Bad Ass Strippa" was later sampled and turned into a diss song by fellow female rapper Lady Sovereign called "Sad Arse Stripah".

Apart from being a musician, Jentina was also a model. In November 2007, she modeled for the underwear brand Wonderbra. She was also featured in a jokey video of the chocolate bar Cadbury's "Gorilla" advert where a gorilla played the drums to a Phil Collins song called "In The Air Tonight".

Jentina was born to a Romani family that consisted of fourteen children. When she was one year old, her family moved to West Molesey, Surrey. 

In 2011, Jentina was on the judging panel for "Travellers Got Talent". She also appeared in the eight-part documentary "A Gypsy Life For Me" which aired on in November 2011. 

Jentina is married and has three children. They live in London.

 - Released in the United Kingdom only.

George Rosenkranz

George Rosenkranz (born "György Rosenkranz"; 20 August 1916 – 23 June 2019) was a Hungarian-born Mexican scientist in the field of steroid chemistry. He used native Mexican plant sources as raw materials. He was born in Hungary, studied in Switzerland and emigrated to the Americas to escape the Nazis, eventually settling in Mexico.

Rosenkranz died on 23 June 2019 in Atherton, California, United States. He was 102.

Louie (TV series)

Louie is a comedy-drama on the FX network that began in 2010. It is written, directed and produced by the stand-up comedian, Louis C.K.. He also plays in the show as the main character who has two children in New York City. The show is often seen as being very well-done and popular. Louis C.K. has also won Primetime Emmy Awards for his work on the show.


IRT Lexington Avenue Line

The IRT Lexington Avenue Line is one of the lines of the New York City Subway. It is the most often used line on the system, with 1.3 million people using it every day. It opened in 1904, and its service bullets are colored apple green. There are four services:


IRT Flushing Line

The IRT Flushing Line is a line of the New York City Subway. Services on it are colored purple. There is only one service on this line:

Vista, California

Vista (Spanish: "View") is a city in northern San Diego County, California, United States. As of 2020, the city has a population of 98,381 people. It was incorporated (became a self-governing entities under state laws) on January 28, 1963. The city is seven miles away from the Pacific Ocean. In 2008, Vista was called the seventh-best place to live in the United States because of its job opportunities, education, climate and cost of living.


Palomar College

Palomar College is a community college that is in San Diego County, California, United States. The main campus is in San Marcos, and the others are in Escondido, Camp Pendleton, Mt. Carmel High School, Fallbrook High School, Pauma Indian Reservation and at Ramona High School.

A proposal in 2006 allowed millions of dollars to be given to the school from the state of California. There are currently 26,606 students at the college (2014).

Palomar College has more than 250 associate's degree and certificate programs, and also offers students transfer programs, which would allow them to go to different four-year universities.

Below is a list of the programs that are being offered at the college



Cal State San Marcos (NCTD station)

The Cal State San Marcos station is a Sprinter light rail line that is served by North County Transit District. It is next to California State University San Marcos.

Map of the station on Google Maps

Jentina (album)

Jentina is the self-titled debut studio album by English rapper Jentina, it was released by Virgin on September 9, 2005 in Italy. As of 2015 it is her only album that she has ever released, it features "Bad Ass Strippa" and "French Kisses" both which reached the top 30 in the UK and "Mysterious" which was only released in Italy.



Winter Gardens, California

Winter Gardens is a census-designated place in San Diego County, California, United States. The population was 22,380 in 2020. The United States Census Bureau says that the CDP has a total area of 4.4 square miles.

French Kisses

"French Kisses" is the second single by English rapper Jentina. It was released in 2004. It was the last song by Jentina to chart. It is also the last song by her to be released in the United Kingdom. The song reached number 20 in the UK. It ranked two places higher than her first song, "Bad Ass Strippa". It is different to "Bad Ass Strippa" as it is more of a R&B song and has less of a hip hop influence.




Ain't It Funny (Murder Remix)

"Ain't It Funny (Murder Remix)" is a song by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez. The song, a remix of "Ain't It Funny", features additional vocals from Ja Rule (Jeffery Atkins) and Cadillac Tah as well as backing vocals from fellow R&B singer Ashanti. The song is about a relationship where a man plays around and cheats on a woman.

I'm Real (Jennifer Lopez song)

"I'm Real" is a song by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez from her second album "J.Lo". It is an electropop and R&B song. It samples the 1978 song "Firecracker" by Yellow Magic Orchestra. Fellow singer Mariah Carey was going to use this sample for her single "Loverboy", but "I'm Real" was released first.

The song was later released as a remix featuring rapper Ja Rule, called "I'm Real (Murder Remix)". It reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and the top ten in the UK and Canada.
"I'm Real (Murder Remix)" is a remix of "I'm Real" featuring rapper Ja Rule. It is featured on the "J.Lo" album and her first remix album, "". The song samples "All Night Long" by R&B girl group The Mary Jane Girls and "Mary Jane" by R&B singer Rick James. It is different from the original version because it is slower and has a more hip hop-sounding style. The song also got some bad press with Lopez saying the word "niggas" doing the third verse.


Blurred Lines

Blurred Lines is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Robin Thicke. It was released on July 12, 2013. It features the hit single, "Blurred Lines", the album's title track.

This Used to Be My Playground

"This Used to Be My Playground" is a soft rock ballad from American singer Madonna. The song is about memories of childhood dreams. The song was featured in the credits of the movie "A League of Their Own" in 1992. It is, however, not on the soundtrack album. 

The song spent one week at #1 on "Billboard" Hot 100 in summer 1992.

The longest version of the song is just over six minutes in length.

Exclusive (album)

Exclusive is the second studio album by American recording artist Chris Brown. It was released on November 6, 2007, by his own record label CBE, with Jive Records. In 2008 the album was re-released under the name "Exclusive: The Forever Edition". Much like his first album "Chris Brown" released in 2005, the album features a hip hop and R&B sound and features a wide range of guest appearances from different acts from the hip hop and R&B world like T-Pain, Keri Hilson, will.i.am, Lil Wayne and Big Boi.



Chris Brown On Tour (Documentary)<br>
Completing the "Forever Edition" package is a bonus DVD with a special montage of performances from his recent Up-Close & Personal sold-out tour and never before seen behind the scenes footage. Being a guest of the Keyshia Cole Just like You sold-out tour.



There are two versions of the Forever Edition, one with the DVD and one without. These are sold separately. In UK, only the CD edition is available. However, in many countries (e.g. Germany, Australia) both editions are available.

"Confirmed by Wal-Mart."


Graffiti (album)

Graffiti is the third studio album by American recording artist Chris Brown. It was released on December 7, 2009 by CBE and Jive Records. It is his first album after being arrested for beating up his ex-girlfriend Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna earlier in 2009.

F.A.M.E. (album)

F.A.M.E. is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Chris Brown, first released on March 18, 2011 by CBE Jive Records. It was his last album to be released by Jive as the label closed down later on that year.

Notes

Sample credits

Credits for "F.A.M.E." adapted from Allmusic.


Fortune (album)

Fortune is the fifth studio album by American recording artist, Chris Brown, released on June 29, 2012. The album is Brown's first release through RCA Records, following the closure of Jive Records in October 2011.


Credits for "Fortune" adapted from Allmusic.


Hard Core (Lil' Kim album)

Hard Core is the debut studio album by American rapper Lil' Kim. It was released on November 12, 1996 by Undeas Recordings and Big Beat Records.



Italian Sign Language

Italian Sign Language (Italian: "Lingua dei Segni Italiana", LIS) is the sign language of the Italian deaf (3,525,000).

British Sign Language

British Sign Language (English: "British Sign Language", BSL) is the sign language of the British deaf (3,525,000.

The language makes use of space and involves movement of the hands, body, face and head.

French Sign Language

French Sign Language (, LSF) is a sign language for deaf people. It is used in France. There are approximately 3,506,800 people living in France who are deaf. LSF differs from American Sign Language (ASL) although there are many common signs.

Sign languages have existed in many places in the past. They came about naturally with deaf people and their relatives. But sign languages have existed among hearing peoples also. They were used by hunters to silently communicate around game animals. Native American peoples had a sign language that could be understood by Native Americans speaking as many as 40 different languages. Christian monks used sign language while living under code of silence. Factory workers and others in extremely noisy places use sign languages. 

Charles-Michel de l'Épée is considered the father of sign language. In 1771 he started the first free school for the deaf in Paris. He took in deaf students from many different places. Some came from Martha's Vineyard in the United States. There was a good deal of hereditary deafness there and the residents adopted their own sign language. Many came who used a local sign language. L'Épée combined all these into a standard sign language. His sign language eventually developed into the French Sign Language and is widely used all over Europe.

Resplendent quetzal

The resplendent quetzal ("Pharomachrus mocinno") is a bird from Central America. It is well known for its colorful plumage.

It plays an important role in Mesoamerican mythology. The resplendent quetzal is the national bird of Guatemala. It is represented on the country's flag and coat of arms. It is also the name of its local currency.

California condor

The California condor ("Gymnogyps californianus"), is a New World vulture, the largest North American land bird. It became extinct in the wild in 1987 (all remaining wild individuals were captured), but has been reintroduced to northern Arizona and southern Utah (including the Grand Canyon area and Zion National Park), the coastal mountains of central and southern California, and northern Baja California. It is the only surviving member of its genus.

In 1970 there were only a few dozen left. In 1987 there were only 10 left. Currently there are 400 individuals, with about 200 left in the wild and the others in captive breeding.

Jörg Schneider

Jörg Schneider (7 February 1935 – 22 August 2015) was a Swiss stage and movie actor. He usually starred in Swiss German language cinema and television and stage productions. He was known for his "Kasperle", "Pumuckl" and fairytale-radio plays records and adapted plays for the Swiss German language.

Schneider died in Wetzikon from cancer, aged 80.


Merl Reagle

Merl Reagle (January 5, 1950 – August 22, 2015) was an American crossword constructor. He was best known for his family-friendly themes.

For 30 years, he constructed a puzzle every Sunday for the "San Francisco Chronicle" (originally the "San Francisco Examiner"), which he syndicated to more than 50 Sunday newspapers, including the "Washington Post", the "Los Angeles Times", the "Philadelphia Inquirer", the "Seattle Times", "The Plain Dealer", the "Hartford Courant", the "New York Observer", and the "Arizona Daily Star".

Reagle died August 22, 2015, after being hospitalized two days earlier for acute pancreatitis in Tampa, Florida, aged 65.


Mariem Hassan

Mariem Hassan (‎; 1958 – 22 August 2015), was a Sahrawi singer and lyricist from Western Sahara. She usually sang in Hassaniyya, an Arabic dialect spoken mostly in Western Sahara and Mauritania.

Hassan died of bone cancer in a Sahrawi refugee camp in Tindouf, Algeria on 22 August 2015.


Erhard Eppler

Erhard Eppler (9 December 1926 – 19 October 2019) was a German Social Democratic politician. He was the founder of the GTZ. During most years between 1970 and 1991 Eppler belonged to the SPD's National Executive Committee. He also chaired an SPD commission on tax reform, and a commission for formulating the party's basic values.

Palm-nut vulture

The palm-nut vulture ("Gypohierax angolensis") is a bird found throughout most of Africa. It feeds mainly on the fruit of the oil palm. Like many African vultures, it is quite approachable and can be seen near habitation.

White-tailed eagle

The white-tailed eagle ("Haliaeetus albicilla") — also called the sea eagle, erne, and white-tailed sea-eagle — is a large bird of prey. 

It is in the family Accipitridae, which includes other raptors, such as hawks and kites. It is a close cousin of the bald eagle, but it lives in Eurasia.

The white-tailed eagle is a very large bird. It measures in length with a wingspan. The wingspan averages about 7 feet. This is the largest of any eagle.

German Sign Language

German Sign Language (german: "Deutsche Gebärdensprache", DGS) is the sign language of the germans deaf (8,000,000).

La Bella Mafia

La Bella Mafia is the third studio album by rapper Lil' Kim, released March 4, 2003, on Atlantic Records. It was her third album to be certified platinum.




Dance Remixes

Dance Remixes is the first remix album by American rapper Lil' Kim. It was released on June 6, 2006 by Atlantic Records. The album has dance remixes of the two singles "Lighters Up" and "Whoa" from Kim's fourth studio album "The Naked Truth" (2005). It also has two remixes of "Big Momma Thang" and a remix of "Queen Bitch" from Kim's debut album "Hard Core" (1996).

The official track listing for the album.

Ms. G.O.A.T.

Ms. G.O.A.T., is the first mixtape by American rapper Lil' Kim. It was released June 3, 2008 independently by Kim's own record label Queen Bee Entertainment. Lil Kim had never made a mix tape before, and in an MTV interview, she stated "I always wanted to do a mixtape... I used to see how 50 (Cent) used to do it so hard... Damn, it’s not a lot of girls doing it.". "Ms. G.O.A.T." was her first own published release. The album features some new songs as well as remixes of several songs like Britney Spears' "Gimme More" and Alicia Keys' "No One".

Black Friday (Lil' Kim mixtape)

Black Friday is the second mixtape by American rapper Lil' Kim, released on February 14, 2011. The mixtape is a parody of fellow female rapper Nicki Minajs 2010 album "Pink Friday" in which Minaj takes shots at Kim on several songs such as "Roman's Revenge" and "Did it On 'Em". Kim's artwork features a picture of Kim with a sword that had just been used to behead Minaj. The title track also is a diss song aimed at Minaj as Kim imitates Minaj talking about Kim on her song "Roman's Revenge" in an interview. The album also includes vocals from Minaj and R&B singers Rihanna and Keri Hilson.

LGBT rights in the United Kingdom

Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights in the United Kingdom have improved a lot in recent years. In 2005, civil partnerships for same sex couples was legalised across the UK. In 2014, same sex marriage was legalised in England, Scotland and Wales. Gay people cannot get married in Northern Ireland because the Northern Ireland assembly voted against legalising it.

Sex between two men was illegal in the UK until 1967, but no law was ever made regarding lesbian sexual activity. In 1967, sex between men was partially decriminalized in England and Wales. It was made legal for men over 21 years' old in 1967, with some very serious restrictions, legal for men over 18 in 1994, and equalized with the heterosexual age of consent in 2002. The bill in 2000 also introduced a lesbian age of consent for the first time too. In Scotland it was legalised in 1981 and in Northern Ireland it was legalized in 1982. However, the UK Parliament legislated for same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland, which is expected to come into force on or before 13 January 2020.

Hard Core 2

Hard Core 2 (also known as Hard Core 2K14 and Hard Core) is the third mixtape by American rapper Lil' Kim; it was released independently by Kim on her International Rock Star (I.R.S.) label; which was originally called "Queen Bee Entertainment" before the release of 2011's "Black Friday mixtape." It is the first mixtape that Kim released after giving birth to her daughter Royal Reign on 9 June 2014.

The name of the mixtape pays homage to Kim's debut album "Hard Core" which was released in 1996.

The mixtape also includes two songs that are diss tracks aimed at Nicki Minaj; a reggae type song called "Dead Gal Walking" and a hip hop and R&B sounding song called "Identity Theft".

Diamonds (song)

"Diamonds" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her seventh album, "Unapologetic". It was the first song off of the album. It was Rihanna's twelfth number one single on the "Billboard Hot 100" chart.

Several rappers have rapped or made a remix to the song. They include Kanye West, Flo Rida and Eve.



Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Unapologetic".


UK garage

UK garage (sometimes shortened to UKG and simply Garage) is a genre of electronic music originating from England in the early 1990s. It is made up of elements from Garage house, R&B, drum & bass, dance, reggae and hip hop music. It was very popular during the beginning of the 21st Century with teenagers and young adults listening to it. Some of its most popular musicians to perform UK garage are Mis-Teeq, Sweet Female Attitude, So Solid Crew, Shola Ama, Tinie Tempah, DJ Pied Piper, Craig David and Daniel Bedingfield. It is also a genre that blends with grime.

Sweet Female Attitude

Sweet Female Attitude was a UK garage and R&B girl group, consisting of Leanne Brown and Catherine Cassidy, who are considered a one-hit wonder in the United Kingdom. The group's debut single "Flowers" was an instant hit and reached number two on the UK charts. Their follow up single "8 Days a Week" didn't reach the same success as "Flowers" and missed the top 40 and peaked at 43 on the charts. Their album "In Person" was only released in Germany.


Once Upon a Time in Mexico

Once Upon a Time in Mexico (known also as Desperado 2) is a 2003 American action movie. It was directed by Robert Rodriguez and it was produced by Robert Rodriguez, Elizabeth Avellán, and Carlos Gallardo. "Once Upon a Time in Mexico" was released on September 12, 2003. It is the sequel to "El Mariachi" and "Desperado". It is also the third and final movie in Rodriguez's "Mexico" Trilogy.

The movie got positive reviews from critics but was criticized for having a plot that was hard to follow. It has a 68% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the movie 3 stars out of 4 and said that "Like Leone's movie, the Rodriguez epic is more interested in the moment, in great shots, in surprises and ironic reversals and closeups of sweaty faces, than in a coherent story."



Dorothy Kilgallen

Dorothy Mae Kilgallen (July 3, 1913 – November 8, 1965) was an American journalist and television game show panelist. She started as a reporter for Hearst Corporation's "New York Evening Journal". In 1938, she began her newspaper column. It was later syndicated for more than 146 papers. Kilgallen was also a regular panelist on the television game show "What's My Line" in 1950.

Kilgallen's columns had mostly gossip and news about show business. There was also news about organized crime and politics. 

Kilgallen was born in Chicago, Illinois. She died at age fifty-two in Manhattan, New York from a mix of alcohol and barbiturates.

Martin Ritt

Martin Ritt (March 2, 1914 – December 8, 1990) was an American movie director and actor. He worked in both movies and theater. He directed many movies including "The Long, Hot Summer" (1958), "Norma Rae" (1979) and "Stanley & Iris" (1990).

Ritt was born in New York City. He died from heart disease in Santa Monica, California.

77 (number)

77 is a natural number that comes after 76 and before 78. It is a palindromic number.

In science, 77 is:

Oriental turtle dove

The oriental turtle dove or rufous turtle dove ("Streptopelia orientalis") is a member of the bird family Columbidae. That family includes doves and pigeons.

Elliot's pheasant

Elliot's pheasant ("Syrmaticus ellioti") is a large pheasant. It is native to southeastern China.

<br>

African green pigeon

The African green pigeon ("Treron calvus") is a bird native to Sub-Saharan Africa.

Adult birds have maroon shoulder patches. The shoulder patches are olive in immature birds. They reach a length of 25–28 cm.

Their range includes Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Liberia, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mozambique, Namibia, Niger, Nigeria, Rwanda, São Tomé and Príncipe, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Somalia, South Africa, South Sudan, Eswatini, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia and Zimbabwe.

Gunnison grouse

The Gunnison sage-grouse ("Centrocercus minimus") is a species of grouse. It is endemic to the Great Basin. It looks like the closely related greater sage-grouse but is about a third smaller. It has much thicker plumes behind the head. It also has a less elaborate courtship dance. It lives in the western half of Colorado and eastern Utah. It lives most in the Gunnison Basin region in Colorado.

Greater sage-grouse

The greater sage-grouse ("Centrocercus urophasianus") is the largest grouse in North America. It lives in the western half of the United States and the Alberta and Saskatchewan provinces. They are larger than a pheasant but smaller than a wild turkey.

They belong to the Phasianidae family. The Gunnison sage-grouse ("Centrocercus minimus") is the other species in the genus.

At one time they numbered in the millions. Because of loss of the loss of sagebrush habitat there are now between 200,000 and 500,000 birds in the western US. They are now being considered for listing under the Endangered Species Act (ESA). In Canada It is estimated their habitat range has been reduced by 90%. They are completely gone from British Columbia. It is estimated the population in Canada was reduced by 88% between 1988 and 2006.

In the spring, during their breeding season, male sage-grouse gather to do their courtship displays. They do this on areas called "leks". As the males dance they make a popping sound. This is done by inflating and deflating their two yellow throat sacs. They display their pointed tail feathers while they strut. As many as a dozen males may dance at the same time. Sometimes two males will fight with their wings. The hens will watch for several days before picking out a mate. They make their nests in the sagebrush. The males do not help with nesting or with raising chicks.


<br>

Omar Souleyman

Omar Souleyman (born 1966) is a singer from Syria. 

He began singing professionally in 1994. He has sung at Syrian weddings. He has made records of his music. He has made more than 500 live albums. His success and popularity in Syria led to performances in other countries, starting in 1977. Those countries were Canada, Australia, the United States, and ones in Europe. 

Souleyman is backed by various bands with many different instruments. "[H]is dizzying use of ululating keyboards, pounding synthesied beats and throaty vocals pays homage to "dabke", a `Middle eastern line-dance synonymous with weddings and other celebrations." According to reviewer Tshepo Mokoena, his songs are all about love and companionship. 



Sharon Case

Sharon Case (born February 9, 1971) is an American actress and a former model. At age 17, she began working as a model before getting into acting. She is best known for her roles on daytime soap operas. She played Dawn Winthrop in "General Hospital". She also played Debbie Simon in "As the World Turns". She played Sharon Newman on "The Young and the Restless".

Case was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Chatsworth, Los Angeles

Chatsworth, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.


Jingle All The Way

Jingle All the Way is an American Christmas comedy family movie. It is directed by Brian Levant and stars Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sinbad. Other actors are Phil Hartman, Rita Wilson, Jake Lloyd, James Belushi and Robert Conrad.

In the movie two fathers try to find a Turbo-Man action figure on Christmas Eve. Turbo-Man is a fictional toy created for the movie. One of the children describes the toy by saying, "I want the Turbo Man action figure with the arms and legs that move and the boomerang shooter and the rock-and-roar jet pack and the realistic voice activator that says five different phrases including, “It's turbo time!” Accessories sold separately. Batteries not included."

TVT Records released the film's soundtrack album on Audio CD on November 26, 1996. It features only two of composer David Newman's pieces from "Jingle All the Way", but features many of the songs by other artists included in the film, as well as other Christmas songs and new tracks by the Brian Setzer Orchestra. Intrada Music Group released a Special Collection limited edition of Newman's full 23-track score on November 3, 2008.

Joel Madden

Joe Reuben Madden (ne Combs; born March 11, 1979) is an American singer best known as the lead vocalist for the pop punk band Good Charlotte.

Madden was born in Waldorf, Maryland to Robin Madden and Roger Combs. He has a twin brother Benji Madden who plays guitar and sings backing vocals in their band, Good Charlotte.

Supa Dupa Fly

Supa Dupa Fly is the debut studio album by American rapper Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott. The album features the singles, "The Rain (Supa Dupa Fly)", "Sock It 2 Me", "Hit Em wit da Hee" and "Beep Me 911". Guest appearances on the album include rappers Busta Rhymes, Lil' Kim, Timbaland and Magoo and R&B singers Ginuwine, Nicole, 702 and Aaliyah.

Credits for "Supa Dupa Fly" adapted from Allmusic.


Miss E... So Addictive

Miss E… So Addictive is the third studio album by American rapper, Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott. The album had the club and R&B/hip-hop hit "One Minute Man". The album has guest appearances from rappers Timbaland, Redman, Busta Rhymes, Eve, Jay-Z, Ludacris and Shawnna and R&B singers Aaliyah, Tweet and Ginuwine. It was the last album of Elliott's that Aaliyah appeared on before Aaliyah's death in August 2001. It was the last album under the name "Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott".

Under Construction (Missy Elliott album)

Under Construction is the fourth studio album by American rapper Missy Elliott. One of the songs from the album, "Pussycat", was going to be released as a remix with R&B singer Janet Jackson and rapper Lil' Kim. However, only Elliott's vocals were ever recorded for it.



Allery

Allery is a commune in the Somme department in northern France.

This Is Not a Test!

This Is Not a Test! is the fifth studio album by American rapper Missy Elliott.



The Cookbook

The Cookbook is the sixth studio album by American rapper Missy Elliott. As of 2015 it is her newest studio album.



Respect M.E.

Respect M.E. (Short for Respect Missy Elliott) is the first greatest hits album by American rapper Missy Elliott. It includes all her hits from all of her albums.



Cees van Kooten

Cees van Kooten (; 20 August 1948 – 24 August 2015) was a Dutch former international football striker. After his career he became a football manager, he retired after a heart attack. 

van Kooten died of esophageal cancer at the age of 67.

Yosi Piamenta

Yosi Piamenta (November 29, 1951 – August 23, 2015) was an Orthodox Jewish singer-songwriter and guitarist. He was known for introducing the electric guitar to Jewish music. Piamenta played rock and roll tunes with Biblical Hebrew lyrics. 

Banshee (roller coaster)

Banshee is a B&M Inverted roller coaster located at Kings Island. It replaced Son of Beast, a wooden roller coaster. It is currently the longest inverted roller coaster in the world. 

Seasonal breeder

Seasonal breeders are animal species that mate only during certain times of the year. These times of year are usually best for the survival of the young. Factors include ambient temperature, food and water availability, and even changes in the predation behaviors of other species. The sexual interest and mating behavior goes on only during this period. 

Female seasonal breeders will have one or more oestrous cycles only when she is "in season" or fertile At this time she is naturally ready to mate. At other times of the year they are not sexually interested. Male seasonal breeders may have changes in testosterone levels, testes weight, and fertility depending on the time of year. For example, male greater sage-grouse actually gain weight as their bodies get ready for the spring breeding season. Seasonal breeders are different than opportunistic breeders. These are species which mate whenever conditions allow it. They are also different from continuous breeders like humans that mate year-round.

Many species breed in colonies or large communities which is known as communal breeding. It is common to see large groups of these species during their breeding seasons. These breeding colonies and their location are generally protected by wildlife conservation laws. This is to keep the species from going extinct. Some species have evolved to communal breeding in large breeding colonies. They cannot breed in smaller numbers or pairs alone. These species can be threatened by extinction if they are hunted on their breeding grounds or if their breeding colonies are destroyed. The Passenger pigeon is a famous example. They were probably the most numerous land bird on the American continent which had evolved for communal breeding. They became extinct due to large scale hunting in its communal breeding grounds. They were not able to breed in smaller numbers.


Companion dog

A companion dog is one whose main job is to keep people company. It is not necessary that companion dogs be trained to perform any specific task. Their main service is to provide companionship. A dog trained to perform a task for a disabled handler is called a service dog.

While most any family pet could be considered a companion, the best companion dogs have certain qualities. First, they must be suited for living indoors. They should be calm and not aggressive around other people or animals. A dog should be compatible with a person's lifestyle and personality. Large dogs may not be suitable for very young children. Older people are increasingly choosing smaller dogs. Therapy dogs and emotional support dogs provide comfort to people with certain conditions. Often they belong to staff members of hospitals or institutions. Some dogs are certified as companion dogs and are selected for certain qualities.

<br>

Opistognathidae

Opistognathidae, the jawfishes, are a family of fishes classified within the order Perciformes, suborder Percoidei. The family includes about 80 species. 

They are native to warmer parts of the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Oceans, where found from the shallows to depths of a few hundred meters.

Justin Wilson

Justin Boyd Wilson (31 July 1978 – 24 August 2015) was a British professional open-wheel driver. Just before his death, he was competing part-time in the IndyCar Series, driving the No. 25 Honda for Andretti Autosport. Earlier, he competed in the Champ Car series from 2004–07, scoring four wins. 

He also competed in Formula One in the 2003 season with Minardi and Jaguar and was the winner of the 2001 International Formula 3000 championship. He was also a winner of the 24 Hours of Daytona. To date, he is the tallest person to have raced in Formula One.

On 23 August 2015, Wilson suffered a traumatic brain injury in an accident at the Pocono Raceway, which caused his death the following day.

Middlesex County, New Jersey

Middlesex County is one of 21 counties of New Jersey. Middlesex is part of the New York metropolitan area, and its county seat is New Brunswick.


Municipalities in Middlesex County (with 2020 Census data for population, housing units and area in square miles) are:


List of people from New Jersey

The following is a list of notable people from the U.S. state of New Jersey.





















Sayreville, New Jersey

Sayreville, New Jersey is a borough on the Raritan River near Raritan Bay in New Jersey.
People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Sayreville include:


List of municipalities in New Jersey

This is a list of the 564 municipalities in the U.S. state of New Jersey, ordered by population. There are five types of municipality in the state:

New Jersey covers . That makes the average land size of a municipality in the state about . However, but note in the map at right that the sizes are very different.

All land within New Jersey is in a municipality.

Lesser prairie chicken

The lesser prairie chicken ("Tympanuchus pallidicinctus") is a bird in the grouse family. It is similar to the greater prairie chicken but is slightly smaller and paler in color.

About half of this species live in western Kansas. They are also found in Colorado, Oklahoma, New Mexico and Texas.


Blanding's turtle

Blanding's turtle ("Emys blandingii" or "Emydoidea blandingii") is a North American turtle; it mainly lives near and south of the Great Lakes.

The Blanding's turtle is characterized by its dark dome shaped upper shell, also known as the carapace, and its distinct bright yellow neck. The dark shell of the turtle is often scattered with yellow specks. The Blanding’s turtle is commonly referred to as a semi-box turtle due to its bottom shell, known as the plastron, which is hinged across the front third. The hinge going across the shell allows the turtle to pull the front of the plastron strongly against the top half of the shell helping it to hide when threatened.

The Blanding’s turtle lives in wetland areas with shallow waters-such as rivers and streams- that are near sandy uplands. These wetland areas support the turtles with their rich, aquatic vegetation. 

Blanding’s turtles are known to live in the Upper Midwest, New England, and Southeastern Canada regions. 

Blanding’s turtles tend to spend the winter months in the muddy areas of deep marshes, backwater pools, ponds and streams. But in early spring they come out and move to temporary wetlands that allow for mating and breeding habitats. Mating will typically occur around early evening, but can go on until late night. They become sexually mature around the age of 12 years. When breeding, they breed only once a year and they typically have an egg clutch of about 10-26 eggs.

Eggs are laid far from water in preferably sandy areas. The hatchlings leave the nest starting around mid-August to early October. Blanding’s turtles have a life expectancy of over 70 years. 

Bog turtle

The bog turtle ("Glyptemys muhlenbergii") is a turtle found only in the eastern United States (northeast and Appalachian Mountains). It is the smallest North American turtle. It measures about long when fully grown. Bog turtles are threatened from loss of habitat and collection as pets. 

It looks similar to the painted or spotted turtles. But it is more closely related to the larger wood turtle. The bog turtle is identified by the yellow or orange spot on each side of its head and neck.

The bog turtle lives in bogs and other wetlands. They are a rare and endangered species. It mostly eats insects and their larva. It is unknown how long they live in the wild. In captivity they live up to 30 years. 

Spotted turtle

The spotted turtle ("Clemmys guttata") is a turtle found in eastern North America. They are found in the eastern Great Lakes and east of the Appalachian Mountains. They are aquatic omnivores that live in shallow fresh water. These are places such as flooded forests, marshes, wet meadows, bogs and woodland streams.

Pygmy rabbit

The pygmy rabbit ("Brachylagus idahoensis") is a North American rabbit. It is found in the desert areas of the Great Basin and Montana.

The pygmy rabbit is the world's smallest leporid. An average adult weights about . It has a body length of . The female rabbit is slightly larger than the male.

The pygmy rabbit is different from other leporids by its small size, short ears, gray color and small hind legs. It also does not have any white fur on its tail.

Weasels are the main predators of pygmy rabbits. Coyotes, red foxes, badgers, bobcats, owls and hawks also hunt pygmy rabbits.

One isolated population, the Columbia Basin pygmy rabbit, is listed as an endangered species by the U.S. Federal government. The International Union for Conservation of Nature lists the species as lower risk. This species only lives naturally in the Columbia Basin of Washington State.

The last male purebred Columbia Basin pygmy rabbit died March 30, 2006, at the Oregon Zoo in Portland. The last purebred female died in 2008. A program by the Oregon Zoo, Washington State University and Northwest Trek is trying to preserve the genes by breeding surviving females with the Idaho pygmy rabbit.


San'yō region

The San'yō Region is an area in the south of Honshū, the main island of Japan.

Stimulus (psychology)

A stimulus in psychology is an energy change (such as light or sound) which is received by the senses. The usage changes somewhat according to which school of psychology is using it:


A stimulus may be used to see if a person is in a coma and what type of coma it is.

Da Real World

Da Real World is the second studio album by American rapper Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott. The album features a much more "darker" and hardcore hip hop sound compared to her hip hop soul sounding 1997 debut album "Supa Dupa Fly". "Da Real World" also features guest appearances by Timbaland, Eminem, Da Brat, Aaliyah, Big Boi and Redman.

The album met generablly favorable reviews.

AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars and wrote "... it's clearly a Missy Elliott album in most respects, with Timbaland's previously trademarked, futuristic-breakbeat production smarts laced throughout." AllMusic also said that 'Busa Rhyme' was the best track of album.

Touré, of "Rolling Stone", gave the album 3 out of 5 stars.


Riccardo III

Riccardo III is an Italian opera in four acts, music by Luigi Canepa and libretto by Fulvio Fulgonio, after William Shakespeare's play "Richard III". It was first performed in Milan, on November 10, 1879.




Christina Milian (album)

Christina Milian is the self-titled debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Christina Milian. It was released by Def Jam on October 9, 2001. The album features the hit singles "AM to PM" and "When You Look at Me".


It's About Time (Christina Milian album)

It's About Time is the second studio album by American singer Christina Milian. It has more of a pop, hip hop and R&B feel to it than her 2001 self-titled debut album.

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "It's About Time".

So Amazin'

So Amazin' is the third studio album by American singer and songwriter Christina Milian. The album featured the hit "Say I" which featured rapper Young Jeezy. Musically, "So Amazin" has more of a hip hop, soul and R&B sound to it and was more "urban" sound to it compared to Milian's previous albums.



<br>

Francis Sejersted

Francis Sejersted (8 February 1936 – 25 August 2015) was a Norwegian history professor. He was the former chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee.

Sejersted suffered a long illness and died on 25 August 2015 in Oslo, aged 79.

Ole Danbolt Mjøs

Ole Danbolt Mjøs (8 March 1939 – 1 October 2013) was a Norwegian physician and politician for the Christian Democratic Party. He was a professor and former rector at the University of Tromsø, and he was the leader of the Norwegian Nobel Committee from 2003 to 2008.

Thorbjørn Jagland

Jagland studied economics at the University of Oslo. He started his political career in the Workers' Youth League, and served as national leader from 1977 to 1981.

Jagland served as Prime Minister of Norway from 1996 to 1997, Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2000 to 2001, Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the Storting from 2001 to 2005 and President of the Storting from 2005 to 2009.


José María Benegas

José María "Txiki" Benegas Haddad (25 July 1948 – 25 August 2015) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE). He was born in Caracas, Venezuela.

Benegas died in Madrid, Spain from cancer at the age of 67.

Make America Great Again

"Make America Great Again" (MAGA) is a campaign slogan used by American politicians. It was first used by Ronald Reagan during his 1980 presidential campaign. 

The term was created in 1979 during a time in which the United States was suffering from a worsening economy at home marked by high unemployment and inflation. Usually when the term is used, people use it as a reflection to the Presidency of Ronald Reagan.

Since Reagan left office, the slogan has been used by a variety of politicians. More recently, the slogan has been associated with Donald Trump who trademarked the slogan and used it in his own presidential campaign in 2016. 


List of people from Los Angeles

The following is a list of notable people who were either born in, are current residents of, or are otherwise closely associated with or from the city of Los Angeles, California, USA. Those not born in Los Angeles have their places of birth listed instead. Los Angeles natives are also referred to as "Angelenos" .


























Mexican Canadians

Mexican Canadians are Canadians of Mexican descent.


Middlesex, New Jersey

Middlesex County, New Jersey is a borough of Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 14,636. Middlesex was incorporated as a borough on April 9, 1913. In 1905, the Lincoln section of Middlesex organized a volunteer fire company.

<br>

Itaipu Dam

The Itaipu Dam is a hydroelectric (making electricity by the movement of water) dam on the Paraná River, on the border between Brazil and Paraguay. 

It is listed as one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World. It is the world's second largest dam behind the Three Gorges Dam and is 7919 metres long and 196 metres high. It is the second-largest power plant in the world by nameplate capacity and the largest by power production in 2015-2016.

The Itaipu Dam is owned by the Brazilian Goverment.

La Llorona

La Llorona is a well known Mexican folk tale that originated in the 1800s to early 1900s.(The La Llorona tale actually dates back to the conquistadors and is thought to have originated in prehispanic times.)

Although several variations exist, the most basic story tells of a beautiful woman by the name of Maria who drowns her children in the river out of rage because her husband left her for a younger woman. She soon comes to her senses and regrets her decision to kill her children, so she drowns herself in a river in Latin America. She then becomes stuck between the physical and spiritual world on an eternal search for her children, not permitted to enter heaven without them. Her incessant weeping throughout the night gives her the title "La Llorona" (The Weeping Woman). 

Parents often use this story to prevent their children from wandering out at night. In some versions of this tale and legend, La Llorona will kidnap wandering children who resemble her missing children, asking her children for forgiveness and drowning these other children to take their place but they never forgive her yet still she keeps trying. 

People who claim to have seen her say she appears at night, or in the late evenings from rivers or lakes throughout Latin America. Some believe that those who hear the wails of La Llorona are marked for death. She is said to cry,"¡Ay, mis hijos!" (Oh, my children!).

A movie about the folk tale titled "The Curse of La Llorona" was released in April 2019.


Guri Dam

The Guri Dam, officially called the Simón Bolívar Hydroelectric Plant, is a dam in Bolívar State, Venezuela. It is on the Caroni River.

Mark Twain National Forest

Mark Twain National Forest (MTNF) is a US National Forest. It is mainly in the southern half of Missouri. The MTNF was established on September 11, 1939. It is named for author Mark Twain, a Missouri native. The MTNF covers , of which are wilderness, and National Wild and Scenic River area. MTNF spans 29 counties. It represents 11% of all forested land in Missouri. MTNF is divided into six distinct ranger districts: "Ava-Cassville-Willow Springs", "Eleven Point", "Houston-Rolla-Cedar Creek", "Poplar Bluff", "Potosi-Fredericktown", and the "Salem. The six ranger districts actually cover nine overall unique tracts of forests. The headquarters of the MTNF are in Rolla, Missouri.

Some unique features of the Mark Twain include Greer Spring. It is the largest spring on National Forest land. It is part of the Eleven Point National Scenic River. The spring pumps an average of 214 million gallons of water per day into the river. The public can also visit the Glade Top Trail National Scenic Byway, which offers views of over to the Boston Mountains in Arkansas. Part of the Ozark Trail system winds through the National Forest.

The Mark Twain National Forest was created on February 17, 1976. The present day MTNF was once two different national forests, the "Clark National Forest" and the "Mark Twain National Forest". Both were proclaimed on September 11, 1939. In June 1973 the Clark and Mark Twain NF were brought under one headquarters. This was in Rolla and became known as the "National forests in Missouri". On Feb. 17, 1976, the forests were combined and renamed the Mark Twain National Forest.

In the 1870s logging of the state's native oak, hickory, and pine forests began. Sawmills were common, but by the 1920s they had disappeared. By then so had much of the state's native forests. In 1939 President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed the MTNF into existence. In March 1933, he also created the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC). In the area that would later become Mark Twain National Forest, hundreds of young men at over fifty CCC sites worked at building roads and planting hundreds of acres of pine trees. Many of their contributions can still be visited and enjoyed today.

The Mark Twain is Missouri’s only national forest. It includes roughly 1.5 million acres, mostly within the Ozark Highlands. Located across southern Missouri and northern Arkansas, the Ozark Highlands are an ancient landscape. They have large permanent springs. The area has over 5,000 caves. It is made up of old volcanic mountains with many nationally recognized streams. Parts of the Ozarks were never under oceans or glaciers. There are over 750 miles of hiking trails. About 200 miles out of a planned 500 mile Ozark trail have been completed. When finished it will connect St. Louis to the border of Arkansas. There it will connect with the Ozark Highlands Trail in northwest Arkansas. When completed the trail will be over 1,000 miles long. It will run from St. Louis, Missouri to Lake Fort Smith State Park, near Fort Smith, Arkansas.

Although it is far from being the largest National Forest in acreage, Mark Twain National Forest is located in more counties than any other. As of September 30, 2007, its 1,490,862 acres (2,329.47 sq mi, or 6,033.3 km²) were spread over parts of 29 counties in southern and central Missouri.

Che'Nelle

Cheryline Ernestine Lim (born 10 March 1983), better known by her stage name Che'Nelle, is a Malaysian Australian recording artist signed to Universal Music Japan. Her debut single "I Fell in Love with the DJ" was released in 2007 and reached the top twenty in France.

Lim moved to Perth, Western Australia at age 10. Before breaking out on the music scene in 2007, Che'Nelle was featured on English hip hop and R&B music producer S4DK's "Dear Summer" albums including the first installment in 2005 with a R&B ballad called "Slow Down" which sampled fellow R&B singer Bobby V's song of the same name, two years later she appeared on the second and final installment called "Dear Summer Volume Two" with the R&B ballad "Hooked Up".

Her debut album "Things Happen for a Reason" was released on 25 September 2007 in Japan and 29 October 2007 in Australia.
The first single from this album was "I Fell in Love with the DJ" featuring reggae artist Cham.

Che'Nelle has written songs for herself and also co-wrote Carmit Bachar's single "Fierce", Ricki-Lee's debut single "Hell No!" and Leona Lewis's song "Can't Breathe".

Her second album was later confirmed as "Feel Good", which it was named after the first single from the album, the song and album was strongly influenced by R&B and reggae much like "Things Happen for a Reason", however "Feel Good" and (to date) all her other albums wre only released in Japan.

In 2011, Che'Nelle released her third album "Luv Songs" which saw a departure from Che'Nelle's reggae sound for an R&B, soul sound. The album consisted of mainly R&B cover ballads from American singers like Ne-Yo, Whitney Houston and Minnie Riperton as well as cover of many Japanese known songs.

In 2012, Che'Nelle released her forth album "Believe"; much like 2011's "Luv Songs" it was heavily rooted in an R&B and Japanese music sound.

In 2013, Che'Nelle released her fifth album "Aishiteru" which is Japanese for the phrase "I Love You", the album was her first album to be mainly recorded in Japanese with a few English songs.

In 2014, Che'Nelle released her sixth album "Luv Songs 2"; it was her second installment in the "Luv Songs" series and like 2011's "Luv Songs", it features a mixture of traditional Japanese love songs with several covers of R&B songs including "We Found Love" by Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna.

In 2015, Che'Nelle released her seventh album "@chenelleworld", it is her most recent album.



Rus' people

The Rus () were an early medieval group or people who gave their name to the lands of Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus. In the mid-800s they were centered around Novgorod. They dominated the area for over a hundred years. Many of the leaders of the Rus had Scandinavian names, later both Scandinavian and Slavic names. The Varangian Ruses of Novgorod, intermingled (mixed) with the Slavs of Kiev and it became known Kievan Rus'. The modern-day East Slavic ethnic group traces its ancestry to the Rus' and many acclaimed scientific experts from both the international world and Russia, Ukraine and Belarus have confirmed the Rus' to be their biological ancestors. 

Most western scholars believe them to be a group of Varangians. According to the "Povest vremennykh let" or Russian Primary Chronicle of Rus', compiled in about 1113 AD, the Rus' had relocated from Pomerania. Their leader was named Rurik. Later, Rurik's relative Oleg captured Kiev, founding Kievan Rus'. The descendants of Rurik were the ruling dynasty of Rus' (after 862). In the controversy, this is called the "Normanist" view. Most scholars believe that name Rus came from Swedish Vikings originating from Rothi or Roslagen as it is known today. 

The "anti-Normanist" view is that the Rus' were Slavic people from south of Kiev. In support of this theory it has been pointed out that several rivers have similar names. Once example is the Ros river which is a tributary of the Dnieper river. This may have been where the Rus' took their name. The official Soviet Union history did not include the "anti-norman" viewpoint giving the reason: "The Normanist theory is politically harmful, because it denies the ability of the Slavic nations to form an independent state by their own efforts." 

The story from the Russian Primary Chronicle is that the Slavs of Kiev were fighting among themselves. To restore order they invited the legendary Varangian Rus Rurik to be their leader. This is another area of controversy. One school of thought accepts the Russian Primary Chronicle account with the Norman origin of the Rus' people. The opposing view says the Scandinavians played a small part in the creation of the Kievan Rus. The Scandinavians were simply hired by the Slavs to protect them. Since the 1990s there has been a further controversy over who, Russia or Ukraine, had a better claim to be descended from the Kievan Rus princes. Since the breakup of the USSR Russian historians are not forced to accept the anti-Norman theory. 

Another version is possible in this comment by scholars on "De Administrando Imperio", by the Byzantine Emperor Constantine VII (913-959):
It was at this point in history the area of Kiev grew and expanded. The Kievan state lasted about a hundred years, until about 972. Between 839 and 1043 the Balto Slavs combined with the South Slavic peoples to form a new society. The name Rus came to mean those combined peoples. In 860 the Byzantine Patriarch Photios I described a people who were almost certainly Rani accompanied by Slavs. The leaders of the Rus had Balto Slavic names even into the tenth century. In 911 the Rus who signed a treaty with the Greeks all had Balto Slavic names. But in the treaty of 945 there were some South Slavonic names.

The word "Rus' is found in the slavonic languages. This parallels with , and . Words used to describe Pomeranians in Russia or the east were Veneti or Rujan (in medieval Latin literature known as Ruzzi ). The Finnish: "Venäjä", Estonian: "Vene", Karelian: "Veneä") denoting Russia

Monarchy of Norway

Before the unification in 872 A.D, Norway was made up of 22 small kingdoms.

They merged into larger kingdoms by the different kings (chiefs); Harald Gullskjegg, Gandalv Alvgerisson, Kjøte den rike. Vigbrand fra Agder, Vikar Haraldsson, Øystein Halvdansson in addition to Halvdan Svarte. Harald Fairhair (Harald den Hårfagre) the son of Halfdan the Black (Halvdan Svarte) unified Norway once and for all into one kingdom at the battle of Hafrsfjord. Where he fought against the five remaining Kings in the west of the country (Vestlandet).

Old Bridge Township, New Jersey

Old Bridge Township, New Jersey is a township of New Jersey.

People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Old Bridge Township include:

The Old Bridge Township Public Schools serve students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade. As of the 2011-12 school year, the district's 15 schools had an enrollment of 9,197 students and 684.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.45:1. Schools in the district (with 2011-12 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are twelve K-5 elementary schools — 
M. Scott Carpenter Elementary School (278 students), 
Cheesequake Elementary School (302), 
Leroy Gordon Cooper Elementary School (262), 
Virgil I. Grissom Elementary School (231), 
Madison Park Elementary School (298), 
James A. McDivitt Elementary School (552), 
Memorial Elementary School (417), 
William A. Miller Elementary School (313), 
Walter M. Schirra Elementary School (332), 
Alan B. Shepard Elementary School (282), 
Southwood Elementary School (292) and
Raymond E. Voorhees Elementary School (390) — 
both 
Jonas Salk Middle School (1,035) and 
Carl Sandburg Middle School (1,182) for grades 6-8 and
Old Bridge High School for grades 9-12 (3,031).


Super Bass

"Super Bass" is a song by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. It is from her 2010 debut album "Pink Friday". The song is listed as a bonus track on the deluxe edition of the album. It was released as a single from "Pink Friday" in 2011. This hip-hop and rap song contains electronic influences. While this happens, Minaj raps over a hip hop beat. The song was able to cross over into many genres on radio, such as pop, urban, and rhythmic. "Super Bass" was written by Minaj, Daniel Johnson, and Ester Dean, who also helps write songs for other recording artists such as Rihanna. The song was produced by Kane Beatz. The song's lyrics are about a playful romance between a man and a woman, according to Minaj.

The song reached number three on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 in 2011, as well as on the Mainstream Top 40/Pop Songs airplay chart. It topped the US Rhythmic Songs chart and reached number two on the Rap Songs chart. In Australia and Canada, the song reached number six, while it peaked at number eight in the United Kingdom. "Super Bass" finished as the eighth-best performing song of 2011 in the United States.

On November 9, 2021, the song was certified Diamond by the RIAA for consumption of 10 million copies in the United States alone.

The music video starts with Minaj with her eyes closed. As the song starts, she begins to open them. As Minaj raps through the verse of the song, she is shown with Barbie props. Later on in the song, Minaj starts to tease men. The props used proposed ice cream and a motorcycle that were made of ice. As the chorus begins, she and her five clones of her are performing choreography. After that, Minaj later dances in the dark lights. She also uses glow-in-the-dark accessories.

Many critics have praised the music video. It is because of its vibrant, catchy looks. The song was nominated for "Best Female Video" and "Best Hip-Hop Video" categories at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards. Later on, it won those awards.

Phoenix, Sayreville, New Jersey

Phoenix, Sayreville, New Jersey is a neighborhood of Sayreville, New Jersey.

Dovrefjell

Dovrefjell is a mountain range which forms a natural barrier between Southern Norway and the Trøndelag region. In 1974 the Norwegian government established a national park measuring 256 square kilometers, to protect its beautiful nature and the rich plant and animal life. The size was increased in 2002 to 1693 square kilometers to cover a larger portion of the mountain range.

The highest mountain peak in the range is Snøhetta. It is 2,286 meters above sea level. There was once a gold mine on the mountain but it closed at the end of the 17th century.

The main south-north highway (European route E6) in Norway and a railway both travel over Dovrefjell. The highway is open all year, but is sometimes closed for short periods during heavy winter snowfall. The railway line is named Donvrebane and it began operating in 1921.

"Enige og tro til Dovre faller" ("United and loyal until the mountains of Dovre crumble").

The mountain Dovre was chosen since it has an important part in Norwegian history, where Dovrefjell represents the eternal, unity and democracy. 

The oath was used during a difficult period in the 1800s when Norway was trying to get a new identity after leaving a union with Denmark and when the union with Sweden came to an end in 1905.

Murders of Alison Parker and Adam Ward

On August 26, 2015, 24-year-old news reporter Alison Parker and 27-year-old photojournalist Adam Ward, both of Roanoke, Virginia, CBS affiliate WDBJ, were conducting a live television interview near Smith Mountain Lake in Moneta, Virginia, when they were murdered by a gunman. The person they were interviewing, Vicki Gardner of the Smith Mountain Lake Regional Chamber of Commerce, was shot in the back during the attack but survived. Parker and Ward died at the scene. They are the seventh and eighth journalists to be killed while in the line of work in the U.S. since 1992.

The attacker was later confirmed to be Vester Lee Flanagan II, also known as Bryce Williams, a former reporter at WDBJ who had been forced to leave the station two years prior. After a manhunt and car chase, Flanagan shot himself and later died at a hospital.

Conrad Veidt

Hans Walter Conrad Veidt (22 January 1893 – 3 April 1943) was a German actor. He best remembered for his roles in movies such as "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" (1920), "The Man Who Laughs" (1928), "The Thief of Bagdad" (1940), and in "Casablanca" (1942).

Veidt was against Nazism, and fled with his Jewish wife to the United Kingdom after Hitler had come to power in 1933. He moved to the United States in 1941.

Conrad Veidt died in Hollywood, California from a heart attack, aged 50.



A.D. Grover

Albert Deane Grover (born February 18, 1865 in Boston, Massachusetts; died October 23, 1927 in Manhattan, New York) was an American banjo player. He also wrote music, taught, and invented musical parts and accessories for stringed instruments. He helped set up the Boston Ideal Banjo, Mandolin and Guitar Club. He also started the musical accessories company A. D. Grover & Son. 

Grover held over 50 patents for musical instrument parts. 

Grover was born on February 18, 1865 in Boston, Massachusetts. His father, Stephen Grover (1820–1885), was a Boston piano maker.

Grover died on October 23, 1927 in Manhattan, New York

In 1952, A.D. Grover & Son was renamed to Grover Musical Products, Inc. 




Frankie Muse Freeman

The Honorable Frankie Muse Freeman (born Marie Frankie Muse, November 24, 1916 – January 12, 2018) was an American civil rights attorney, and the first woman to be appointed to the United States Commission on Civil Rights (1964 to 1979).

On February 5, 2015, President Barack Obama appointed Freeman to serve as a Member of the Commission on Presidential Scholars.

Freeman died on January 12, 2018 in Danville, Virginia at the age of 101.


Charles Evers

James Charles Evers (September 11, 1922 – July 22, 2020) was an American civil rights activist. In 1969, he became the first African American since the Reconstruction era to have been elected as mayor in a Mississippi city.

He served as mayor of Fayette in Jefferson County. Thereafter, he ran for governor in 1971 and the United States Senate in 1978. He ran both times as an Independent candidate.

Evers died on July 22, 2020 in Brandon, Mississippi at the age of 97.


Piermario Morosini

Piermario Morosini (5 July 1986 – 14 April 2012) was an Italian football player.

On 14 April 2012 he suffered a cardiac arrest while he was playing a match with his team Livorno against the team Pescara. He died minutes after in the Civil Hospital of Pescara.

Natural fibre

A natural fibre is a fibre made from natural sources, like animals or plants. 

Fibres from animal sources are wool, cashmere, fur and silk.

Wool comes from the fleece of sheep and the hair of yak, camel, alpaca, guanaco and vicuna.

Cashmere comes from cashmere goats.

Fur of various animals such as rabbit, beaver, mink and muskrat is also used as clothing.

Silk comes from silkworms, which is a large, white moth caterpillar.

Fibres from plants include flax, ramie, hemp, cotton and jute. Coconut trees bear coconut fruits that have fibres. Coconut fibres are cleaned, smoothed and made into various dolls and toys with beads and colored threads to give them a decorative appearance.

Synthetic fabric

Synthetic fabrics are fabrics manufactured in factories using chemical synthesis. They are also known as artificial or man-made fabrics. These include nylon, polyester, polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and rayon. Synthetic fibers are made by the joining of monomers into polymers, by the process of polymerization.

<br>

Threshing

Threshing is the process of separating the edible part of cereal grain (or other crop) from the scaly, inedible chaff that surrounds it. It is the step in grain processing after harvesting and before winnowing. Early threshing methods removed some of the bran but modern methods do not.

Threshing may be done by beating the grain using a flail on a threshing floor. Another traditional method of threshing is to make donkeys or oxen walk in circles on the grain on a hard surface.

<br>

Temple of All Religions

The Temple of All Religions () or the Universal Temple () is an architectural structure in Kazan, Russia.

It is made up of many different religious buildings, including an Orthodox church, a mosque and a synagogue. It was started in 1992 by local artist and philanthropist Ildar Khanov. It is still under construction.

The structure is not a single temple devoted to any religion in particular. It has become a popular landmark in the city, which takes pride in the peaceful combination of different cultures (Islamic Tatar culture, Orthodox Russian, and others). The Temple is visited both by tourists and by people seeking Khanov's help.

Khanov says that once completed, the structure will have 16 cupolas - each one corresponding to the 16 major world religions (including past ones that are no longer practiced).

<br>

Kongesangen

"" (; meaning "The King's Song") is Norway's royal anthem. It is based on the English royal song "God Save the King" from 1741. The Norwegian author Henrik Wergeland wrote a Norwegian lyric to the English song in 1841 called "Gud signe Kongen vor" It was later rewritten by P. Vogtmann under the name "Gud sign vor Konge god". A simplified version of this was later written by Gustav Jensen.


Universal City, California

Universal City, California is a unincorporated community within the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California.


Piscataway, New Jersey

Piscataway, New Jersey is a township in the U.S. state of New Jersey.


Atlantic County, New Jersey

Atlantic County, New Jersey is a county of New Jersey. The county seat is Mays Landing, New Jersey.


Transfer case

A transfer case is a part of the drivetrain of four-wheel drive, all-wheel drive, and other multiple powered axle vehicles. Typically a transfer case is used to engage (and disengage) the four-wheel drive function. When disengaged, most four-wheel drive systems operate in two wheel drive (engaging just the rear axle and wheels). For that reason two-wheel drive vehicles do not need a transfer case. 

The transfer case transfers the power from the transmission to the front and rear axles by means of drive shafts. The transfer case synchronizes the rotation of the front and rear wheels so they turn at exactly the same speed. It usually contains two or more sets of gears. It has a 1:1 ratio drive (usually called high range) for normal city and highway use. Then it contains a low range gear for off-road use. A common low range gear ratios is 2.72:1. That means for every 2.72 rotations of the transmission output shaft, the transfer case will turn both driveshafts 1 rotation. The Jeep Wrangler Rubicon model uses a 4:1 low range gearing.

There are two different types of internal power-transfer mechanism found in most transfer cases. 
Gear-driven transfer cases use sets of gears to transmit power to the front and rear driveshafts. These are generally strong, heavy units that are used in large trucks. There are currently gear drive cases in production for light trucks and SUVs.

Chain-driven transfer cases use a chain to transmit power to the axles. Chain-driven transfer cases are quieter, lighter and less expensive to manufacture than gear-driven units. They are used in vehicles such as compact trucks, full size trucks, Jeeps and SUVs. Some off-road driving enthusiasts modify their vehicles to use gear-driven transfer casesto gain the extra strength they provide.

Brooke Valentine

Kanesha Nichole Brookes (born October 5, 1984) best known by her stage name Brooke Valentine or Valentine is an American R&B singer, songwriter, actress, model and dancer. She broke out on the music scene in 2005 with the song "Girlfight" which features fellow Southern hip hop acts Lil Jon and Big Boi.

Valentine was born in Houston, Texas She started her musical career as a member of the female R&B group Best Kept Secret. To start up a solo singing career, she moved to Los Angeles, California with producer and Subliminal Entertainment CEO Deja the Great and signed to Virgin Records.

Brooke Valentine released her debut album "Chain Letter" in 2005. The album's first song was the hit single, "Girlfight", which features Lil Jon and Big Boi.

In 2006, Valentine planned a second album, "Physical Education". Its first single was "D-Girl", which featured rapper Pimp C. She then released the second single "Pimped Out", which featured Dem Franchize Boyz. Her second album "Physical Education" was almost ready to be released but Virgin Records ended up being merged with Capitol Records. The album was temporarily put on hold. However the album ended up being released as a bootleg album. Instead some of its songs were put on a mixtape which was called "Physical Education: The Mixtape".

As of 2010, Brooke Valentine changed her stage name to B. Valentine. The first single from her yet-to-be-released third album, "Forever," was released on February 14, 2012.


Peter Kern

Peter Kern (13 February 1949 – 26 August 2015) was an Austrian actor, movie director, screenwriter and producer. He has appeared in more than 70 movies since 1957 and directed about 25 movies. He starred in the 1978 movie "Flaming Hearts".

Reign Over Me

Reign Over Me is a 2007 American buddy comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Mike Binder and it was produced by Jack Binder and Michael Rotenberg. "Reign Over Me" was released on March 22, 2007 in Australia and on March 23, 2007 in the United States.

The movie got mixed reviews from critics. It has a 64% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" said "It's rare to see so many moments of grace followed by so many stumbles and fumbles, or to see intelligence and discretion undone so thoroughly by glibness and grossness. And it is puzzling, and ultimately draining, to see a film that waves the flag of honesty—Face your demons! Speak from your heart! Open up!—turn out to be so phony."



Darryl Dawkins

Darryl Dawkins (January 11, 1957 – August 27, 2015) was an American professional basketball player. He was known for his days with the NBA's Philadelphia 76ers and New Jersey Nets. He also played briefly for the Detroit Pistons and Utah Jazz late in his career. His nickname was "Chocolate Thunder". It was given to him by Stevie Wonder. He was known for his powerful dunks, which led the NBA to adopt breakaway rims because he shattered the backboard two times in 1979.

Dawkins died on August 27, 2015 from a heart attack in Allentown, Pennsylvania, at the age of 58.

San Marcos

San Marcos might refer to:


Brittany Furlan

Brittany Furlan (born September 5, 1986 in Pennsylvania) is an American comedian and internet celebrity who is based in Los Angeles. She is best known for her work on the video sharing website, Vine. She is the most followed female on the website. Also, "Time magazine" has named her to be one of the most influential people on the internet.


Magna Carta Holy Grail

Magna Carta Holy Grail (sometimes written as Magna Carta... Holy Grail) is the twelfth studio album by American rapper Jay-Z. It was released for digital download on 4 July 2013. It was then released in album form on 8 July 2013 by Roc-A-Fella and Roc Nation while being shared by Universal Records. Justin Timberlake, Nas, Rick Ross, Frank Ocean and Beyoncé also sang in the album. The album was promoted with commercials that were presented by Samsung. Even though some critics didn't like the album, it still reached #1 on the American, British, Swiss and Canadian music charts. It ed at #1 on the US Billboard 200 Chart.



Katie Green

Katie Green (born on 28 August 1987 in Chichester, West Sussex) is an English model. She is known for not listening to her modeling agencies, and remaining "heavier" than the modeling standards. She continues to model to this day.

1001 (number)

1001 is a natural number that comes before 1002 and after 1000. 1001 is a palindromic number. 1001 is a composite number. 1001 is the product of the prime numbers 7, 11, and 13. If you multiply a three-digit number to 1001 it will be like the form :xyz-xyz. So, any number of the form xyz-xyz will always be a composite number.

144 (number)

144 is a natural number that comes before 145 and after 143. 144 is the only even square Fibonacci number. It is the square number of 12. It is also an abundant number.

Chain Letter (album)

Chain Letter is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Brooke Valentine. It was released on March 15, 2005 through the American imprint of Virgin Records. The album has the hit song "Girlfight" which includes Big Boi and Lil Jon.

Józef Wesołowski

Józef Wesołowski (15 July 1948 – 27 August 2015) was a Polish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was forcibly laicized by the Holy See in 2014. He was the Apostolic Nuncio to the Dominican Republic from January 2008 until he was recalled in August 2013. 

Authorities in the Dominican Republic are investigating allegations of child abuse against him. In June 2015, it was announced by the Vatican that he would stand trial for charges of possessing child pornography, and faced a possible prison term.

Wesołowski was found dead in his residence in the Vatican on 27 August 2015. A Vatican statement said that he likely died of natural causes.

Al Arbour

Alger Joseph "Radar" Arbour (November 1, 1932 – August 28, 2015) was a Canadian National Hockey League player, coach, and executive. He played for the Detroit Red Wings, Chicago Black Hawks, and the Toronto Maple Leafs. He was known for being the coach of the New York Islanders.

Arbour died on August 28, 2015 in Sarasota, Florida after being treated for Parkinson's disease and dementia, aged 82.

Auld Lang Syne

"Auld Lang Syne" is a Scots poem written by Robert Burns in 1788 and set to the tune of a traditional folk song (Roud # 6294). It is well known in many countries, especially in the English-speaking world, its traditional use being to bid farewell to the old year at the stroke of midnight.

Neville Marriner

Sir Neville Marriner (15 April 1924 – 2 October 2016) was an English conductor and violinist. He was the first music director of the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra, from 1969 to 1978. From 1979 to 1986, he was music director of the Minnesota Orchestra. He was principal conductor of the Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra from 1986 to 1989.

Marriner was born in Lincoln, England, and studied at the Royal College of Music and the Paris Conservatoire.


Claude LaForge

Joseph Claude Roger LaForge (July 1, 1936 – May 4, 2015) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left winger. He played parts of 8 years in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Montreal Canadiens, Detroit Red Wings, and Philadelphia Flyers.

Before playing in the NHL, LaForge played 2 games with the Montreal Royals and 1 season with the Shawinigan-Falls Cataracts of the Quebec Hockey League (QHL) and 1 season with the Cincinnati Mohawks of the International Hockey League (IHL). In 1958, LaForge was chosen to play on the QHL Second All-Star Team.

He started his NHL career with the Montreal Canadiens during the 1957–58 season. He would play a total of 5 games with the Canadiens. On June 3, 1958, the Canadiens traded LaForge along with Gene Achtymichuk and Bud MacPherson to the Detroit Red Wings in exchange for money.

LeForge spent time between the Red Wings and their AHL-affiliates, the Hershey Bears and Pittsburgh Hornets. After spending parts of 5 years with Detroit, he was sent down to the Hornets and was then traded to the Quebec Aces of the American Hockey League (AHL) in exchange for Terry Gray on March 1, 1966.

When the Philadelphia Flyers bough the Aces on May 8, 1967, LaForge's NHL rights were transferred to the team. He played 65 regular season games with the Flyers. In August 1970, the Flyers traded LaForge to the Denver Spurs of the Western Hockey League (WHL) in exchange for money. After spending 3 seasons with the Spurs, LaForge retired from playing professional ice hockey.


Joan Garriga

Joan Garriga Vilaresau (29 March 1963 – 27 August 2015) was a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle racer. He raced professionally from 1984 to 1993. He won three 250cc races during his career and finished runner-up to Sito Pons in the 1988 250cc GP World Championship.

Garriga was born in Barcelona. After retiring, he was convicted of drug trafficking and possession of weapons in 2003. When the case came to trial, he was given a two-year sentence. He also suffered two heart attacks in 2013 but survived.

Garriga was involved in a motorcycle accident on 24 August 2015. He died from his injuries three days later in Barcelona, aged 52.

Universal health care

Universal health care, sometimes referred to as universal health coverage, universal coverage, or universal care, usually refers to a health care system which provides health care and financial protection to all citizens or residents of a particular country.


Parental leave

Parental leave or family leave is an employee benefit available in almost all countries that provides paid time off work to care for a child or make arrangements for the child's welfare. The terms "parental leave" and "family leave" include maternity, paternity, and adoption leave. Often, the minimum benefits are stipulated by law.

Race and crime in the United States

The relationship between race and crime in the United States has been a topic of public controversy and debate for more than a century. 

Since the 1980s, the debate has focused on the causes of some minorities at all stages of the criminal justice system, including arrests, racial background of violent criminals as identified by their victims, prosecutions and incarcerations. Federal Prosecutors of African American and Hispanic defendants are twice as likely to push for mandatory minimum sentences, leading to longer sentences and disparities in incarceration rates for federal offenses.

Teresa Gorman

Teresa Ellen Gorman (née Moore; 30 September 1931 – 28 August 2015) was a British politician. She was born in Putney, London. She was Conservative Member of Parliament for Billericay, in the county of Essex in England, from 1987 until 2001, when she stood down.

Governor of Vermont

The Governor of the U.S. state of Vermont is the head of the government of the state. The governor is elected in even-numbered years by direct voting for a term of two years. Vermont along with New Hampshire are now the only states to hold gubernatorial elections every two years, instead of every four as in the other 48 states. 

There is no limit on the number of terms a governor can serve. If no candidate receives at least 50 percent plus one vote of all votes for governor cast in the election, the governor is then elected by the state legislature.

The incumbent governor is Phillip Scott. 

Janet Montgomery

Janet Ruth Montgomery (born 29 October 1985) is an English movie and television actress. As of 2014, she stars in the TV series, Salem.

She also had a role in the second season of Fox's "Human Target". She played Eric Murphy's assistant Jennie in HBO's "Entourage".


Botsmark

Botsmark is a locality in Umeå Municipality in Västerbotten County in Sweden. In 2010, 201 people lived there.

Nödinge Church

Nödinge Church () is a church building in Nödinge-Nol in Västergötland in Sweden. It is located north of the town of Gothenburg. The current church was built in 1727 when it replaced an older Romanesque church from the 1100s or 1200s. The church has a baroque interior. Its ceiling has paintings by painter Alexander Fox from 1734. The pulpit was added in 1741 by sculptor Johan Petter Weber. The church underwent renovation in 1981-1982.

The church was also used during recording of the 2013 film "'The Anderssons Hit the Road".

Salem (TV series)

Salem is an American supernatural fiction drama television show. It was created by Brannon Braga and Adam Simon. The first episode was made public on April 20, 2014. "Salem" is WGN America's first scripted series. Janet Montgomery and Shane West are the main actors/actresses of the show. "Salem" is influenced by the Salem Witch Trials in the 17th century.

"Salem" is a fictional story that is based on the real Salem Witch Trials in colonial Massachusetts. The Massachusetts government at the time was dominated by conservative Puritan leaders. Unlike today there was little difference between church and state.

In 1692 the Puritan colony was affected by young girls "crying out" accusations of devil worship against other members of the congregation. A mix of fear and superstition caused a hysteria among the Puritans that devil-worshiping witches were among them. A mob mentality caused people to torture and execute others women (and a few men) for no reason other than hysteria over the possibility of them being witches. Over 150 people were accused of being witches and placed on trial.

Salem, the WGN America series, reworks this history into a fictional story full of magic, witches as actual beings, and sexy characters. In the TV series the main characters, John Alden (Shane West) and Mary Sibley (Janet Montgomery), find themselves in love even though the whole town is in a frenzy over witch hunts. The New York Times review called it "perversely entertaining."

Most of the characters are based on the names of real people.


Salem scored 49 out of 100, based on 16 critic reviews on Metacritic. On Rotten Tomatoes, the first season scored 54%, with an average rating of 5.5 out of 10 based on 26 critic reviews. The show was also nominated for two awards.


Colin Friels

Colin Friels (born 25 September 1952) is a Scottish-born Australian actor. He is best known for his role in the television series "Water Rats" which earned him a Logie Award. He also appeared in the movies "Malcolm" (1986), "Dark City" (1998) and "Tomorrow, When the War Began" (2010).

Friels was born in Kilwinning, Ayrshire, Scotland. He moved to Australia in 1963, first living in Darwin, Northern Territory before moving to Melbourne, Victoria. He is married to actress Judy Davis. They have two children, son Jack and daughter Charlotte.

Friels is a pancreatic cancer survivor.

Solar Impulse

Solar Impulse 1 and Solar Impulse 2 are airplanes powered by solar energy. André Borschberg and Bertrand Piccard from Switzerland created these planes as an experiment. The goal of this experiment is to fly around Earth using only solar energy.

List of Russian monarchs

This is a list of the kings, queens, and other rulers ("monarchs") of Russia, from 862 to 917.

The list starts with Rurik, the ruler (Prince) of a state called Novgorod in 862. It ends with Nicholas the Second, who stopped ruling in 1917. Nicholas the Second and his family were killed in 1918.

Since 1331 the title of the Grand Princes of Vladimir was assigned to the Princes of Moscow.

"Dates are listed in the Old Style, which continued to be used in Russia."

Dream Street (Janet Jackson album)

Dream Street is the second studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. It was released in September 1984 by A&M Records. The album was produced by her brother, Marlon Jackson. Her brother Michael Jackson added vocal ad-libs. During the summer of 1984 it was a top ten R&B hit.


Kohwari

Kohwari or Khowat may refer to:


Control: The Remixes

Control: The Remixes is the first remix album (and fourth album overall) by American recording artist Janet Jackson. Released in 1987 in the United Kingdom, Europe, and Japan only, it contains remixes of singles from Jackson's third studio album "Control", following the success of the album.


Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814

Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814 (sometimes shortened to Rhythm Nation 1814) is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson, released on September 19, 1989, by A&M Records. The album themes include various tragedies reported through the news at the time, exploring racism, poverty, and substance abuse. In 1990 Jackson went on her first head line tour called "Rhythm Nation Tour 1990". Since its release, the album has sold nearly 20 million copies worldwide.




Notes:

Janet.

janet. is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson, released on May 18, 1993, by Virgin Records. It was her first album to be released on Virgin as her previous record A&M did not renew her contract in 1991. The album was more R&B than her previous albums that were released in the 80's. The album also showed Jackson as a sex symbol. The album has sold over 20 million copies worldwide.

All songs written and produced by Janet Jackson, James Harris III and Terry Lewis, except where noted.




Design of a Decade: 1986–1996

Design of a Decade: 1986–1996 is the first greatest hits album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. It was released on October 10, 1995 by A&M. It features 14 of Jackson's hits from her three previous albums; "Control" (1986), "Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814" (1989), "janet." (1993) as well as two newly recorded singles "Runaway" and "Twenty Foreplay".



All for You (Janet Jackson album)

All for You is the seventh studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. Released on April 24, 2001 by Virgin Records. The album was recorded during Jackson's separation from then-husband René Elizondo, Jr. The album is mainly more dance-pop tinged hip hop and R&B than her previous album "The Velvet Rope" (1997).


"All for You" was re-released with two additional remixes and a limited edition bonus DVD. It was announced on October 21, 2001 via "Billboard", and released on November 20, 2001. The new version features alternate artwork in addition to the "Flyte Tyme" single edit and Diddy remix of the album's third single, "Son of a Gun." It also includes a bonus DVD of Jackson's videography. It was intended to include a twenty-four page photo booklet of Jackson's All for You Tour, however, it was omitted for unknown reasons. The re-release contains the edited version of the album, which omits the song "Would You Mind."

The DVD, titled "Janet: The Virgin Years", includes fifteen music videos released throughout Jackson's involvement with Virgin Records, including the album's hits "Someone to Call My Lover" and "All for You." It also includes exclusive tour audition footage, in addition to behind-the-scenes clips and Jackson's performance on "MTV Icon: Janet Jackson". Promotional footage for each of her albums are featured, focusing on interviews and touring.




Damita Jo

Damita Jo is the eighth studio album by American singer Janet Jackson. It was released on March 30, 2004, by Virgin Records. The album takes its title from Jackson's middle name. The album was released after the famous Super Bowl XXXVIII wardrobe malfunction. The album continues on with the theme of sex that began with "janet." (1993) and features a more hip hop, funk and R&B feel to it.




In Person

In Person is the debut (and only) album of UK garage duo Sweet Female Attitude. It spawned the number two hit, "Flowers". Due to low sales of other singles, the album was only released in Germany. The albums music is mainly UK garage and R&B.


North Hollywood, Los Angeles

North Hollywood, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.

Ventura County, California

Ventura County is a county in the southern part of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2020 census, 843,843 people lived there. The county seat is Ventura.

Ventura County includes Oxnard-Thousand Oaks-Ventura, CA Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also part of the Los Angeles-Long Beach, CA Combined Statistical Area. It is the southernmost county along the California Central Coast.


<br>

Boomerang (Six Flags St. Louis)

Boomerang is a boomerang roller coaster at Six Flags St. Louis in Eureka, Missouri. It opened on June 8, 2013.

Goliath (Six Flags Fiesta Texas)

Goliath is a steel inverted roller coaster located at Six Flags Fiesta Texas.

Six Flags Hurricane Harbor

Six Flags Hurricane Harbor is a water park of Six Flags Theme parks.


Bedford, Texas

Bedford, Texas is a suburban city in northeast Tarrant County, Texas, in the "Mid-Cities" area between Dallas and Fort Worth.

Public schools in Bedford are part of the Hurst-Euless-Bedford Independent School District.

Parlin, New Jersey

Parlin, New Jersey is an unincorporated community located within Old Bridge Township and Sayreville Borough in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP Code 08859.

Sayreville Station, New Jersey

Sayreville Station is an neighborhood in Sayreville in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.

Sayreville Junction, New Jersey

Sayreville Junction, New Jersey is an neighborhood located within Sayreville in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.

Bart Cummings

James Bartholomew Cummings (14 November 1927 – 30 August 2015) was an Australian racehorse trainer. He won the Melbourne Cup a record of twelve times, earning him the nickname "Cups King".

Cummings was born in Adelaide, South Australia. He married his wife Valmae (died 2017) in 1954. The couple had five children. His son Anthony and grandson James became trainers.

Cummings died on 30 August 2015 in Sydney, New South Wales. He was 87. His family accepted the offer of a state funeral by Premier of New South Wales Mike Baird.

Kyle Jean-Baptiste

Kyle Jean-Baptiste (December 3, 1993 – August 28, 2015) was an American Broadway actor. He was the youngest actor ever to play the role of Jean Valjean in "Les Misérables" on Broadway. He was also the first African-American to play that role on Broadway.

Jean-Baptiste died at age 21, after falling off a fire escape staircase at his mother's home in New York City.

Edd Byrnes

Edward Byrne Breitenberger (July 30, 1932 – January 8, 2020), known professionally as Edd Byrnes, was an American actor and singer. He was best known for his starring role in the television series "77 Sunset Strip" and for his role as "Grease" as Vince Fontaine. Byrnes was a recording artist, his best known work was "Kookie, Kookie (Lend Me Your Comb)".

Byrnes died of a suspected stroke on January 8, 2020 in Santa Monica, California at the age of 87.


Karlie Kloss

Karlie Kloss (born August 3, 1992) is an American model.

Karlie Kloss was born in Chicago. She moved to St. Louis at age two.

She was a Victoria's Secret Angel from 2013 to 2015. In 2015, she starred as Knockout in Taylor Swift's "Bad Blood" music video.

LGBT rights in New Zealand

Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights in New Zealand have improved a lot in recent years. In 2005 civil partnerships were legalised and 2013 same sex marriages were legalised. 

In the past, homosexuality was illegal in New Zealand. It was decriminalised (made legal) in 1986.

Age Ain't Nothing But a Number

Age Ain't Nothing but a Number is the debut studio album by American singer Aaliyah, released under Jive and Blackground Records on May 24, 1994, in the United States. The album was produced by fellow R&B singer R. Kelly (who also wrote most of the material for the album). It was around the time that both Aaliyah and R. Kelly secretly got married. The album features mainly R&B and hip hop songs that were influenced by the popular new jack swing genre.


One in a Million (Aaliyah album)

One in a Million is the second studio album by American R&B recording artist Aaliyah. It was released on August 27, 1996 by Blackground Records and Atlantic Records. The album was the first album that Aaliyah worked with rappers Missy Elliott and Timbaland.


Aaliyah (album)

Aaliyah is the third and final studio album by American R&B recording artist Aaliyah. It was released on July 7, 2001, by Blackground Records and Virgin Records. It was Aaliyah's last album to have been released during her lifetime. She had died in a plane crash the August of the same year.

Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.



Tewksbury Township, New Jersey

Tewksbury Township, New Jersey is a township of New Jersey

North Hills, Los Angeles

North Hills, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.


NoHo Arts District, Los Angeles

NoHo Arts District, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California that is located in the San Fernando Valley.

The LA Metro Rail has a subway station located in NoHo Arts District leading to Union Station.

I Care 4 U

I Care 4 U is a posthumous compilation album by American R&B recording artist Aaliyah. It was released on December 10, 2002, by Blackground Records and Universal Music. Following the release of Aaliyah's self-titled third studio album, she was involved in a plane crash while shooting the music video for the song "Rock the Boat" in the Bahamas. It features songs from all three of Aaliyah's studio albums as well as songs she recorded for various soundtrack albums.


Drivetrain

The drivetrain of a motor vehicle is the group of parts that deliver power to the wheels that move the vehicle. The drivetrain includes the transmission or transaxle, driveshafts, differentials, axles and wheels. It does not include the engine or motor that creates the power. In contrast, the powertrain includes the engine and the drivetrain. In order to transmit power from the engine to the rear wheels, the drivetrain uses some of that power to work. Drivetrain loss is the power lost, measured in horsepower, between what the engine generates and what is available at the wheels. As power is transmitted through the drivetrain, forces including inertia, drag and friction cause some power to be wasted. The more component parts power is transmitted through, the more power is lost. However each combination of drivetrain parts is different as to how much is lost. The automatic transmission wastes the most power of any drivetrain component.

Traction (engineering)

Traction, or tractive force, is the force used to generate motion between a body and a surface. This is usually due to friction, though the use of shear force of the surface is also commonly used.

Traction can also mean the maximum tractive force between a body and a surface, as limited by available friction. When this is the case, traction is often expressed as the ratio of the maximum tractive force to the normal force and is termed the "coefficient of traction" (similar to coefficient of friction).

Traction is an important force to motor vehicles. Tires, usually made of rubber, depend on traction to move a vehicle forward. In manual transmission cars and trucks, a clutch is a friction device that connects the engine to the drivetrain of the vehicle. To work properly, the clutch must have traction.

Stockholm Arlanda Airport

Stockholm Arlanda Airport (ARN) is an international airport between Uppsala and Stockholm. It was opened in 1962. It's the largest hub for Scandinavian Airlines. It is about 40 kilometers (25 miles) north of Stockholm. Arlanda has four terminals. Terminals 2 and 5 are for international flights. Terminal 3 is for regional airlines. Terminal 4 is for in-country or domestic flights.


Traction

Traction may refer to:




Hal Smith (actor)

Harold John Smith, known as Hal Smith (August 24, 1916 – January 28, 1994) was an American actor and voice actor who was best known for his role as Otis Campbell, the town drunk on CBS's "The Andy Griffith Show". He served in the US Army Air Corps in World War II. Before the Air Corps he was a band singer, a disc jockey, and a writer. After the war he moved to Hollywood. He was a voice actor for several cartoon shows. He also acted in various television roles. Smith appeared in several movies in the 1960s. During the 70s and 80s he worked for Disney and others, providing voices for cartoons. In 1994 he died of a heart attack at the age of 77.

Ghost Stories

Ghost Stories is the sixth hit studio album by rock-pop band Coldplay. The singles "Magic", "Midnight", "A Sky Full of Stars", "True Love" and "Ink"are featured in the album . The album was released in Summer 2014.

Arlington

Arlington might mean:


Wayne Dyer

Wayne Walter Dyer (May 10, 1940 – August 30, 2015) was an American self-help author and motivational speaker. His first book "Your Erroneous Zones" (1976) is one of the best-selling books of all time, with an estimated 35 million copies sold. 


Nelson Shanks

Nelson Shanks (December 23, 1937 – August 28, 2015) was an American artist and painter. His most famous work is likely his portrait of Diana, Princess of Wales, completed in 1996. The painting was first shown at Hirschl & Adler Gallery in New York City, April 24 to June 28, 1996.

Shanks died of prostate cancer at his home in Andalusia, Pennsylvania on August 28, 2015 at the age of 77.

Dance/Mix Show Airplay

The Dance/Mix Show Airplay (formerly Hot Dance Airplay) chart is a monitored chart in Billboard Magazine. It tracks airplay from radio stations in the United States. The chart was started on August 16, 2003 (as a unpublished chart). It became official the week of October 25, 2003. At first it had six stations who programed a full-time Dance format.<ref name="Billboard/Nielsen">'Billboard Charts', "Billboard", Vol. 123, No. 42 (November 19, 2011), p. 53</ref> In 2008 it became exclusive-only to "Billboard". The chart was renamed to Dance/Mix Show Airplay in November 2011. This is when it made its playlist available for viewing on BDS Radio's website. This included the selected Top 40, Rhythmic, and Adult Top 40 stations who submit their mix show hours to Billboard. A modified version was added to Billboard's website in January 2013. It featured 15 songs. Originally featuring 25 charted titles when it started in 2003, it was expanded finally to 40 songs in December 2014. It is available from Billboard and from BDS.

The first number one single on this chart was "Crazy In Love". It was by Beyoncé featuring Jay-Z for the week ending August 16, 2003 (Billboard would later the unpublished chart official in August 2018). When Billboard made the chart official the week ending October 25, 2003, "Just The Way You Are" by Milky was the first number-one single in the published chart.


Rhythmic Songs Chart

The Rhythmic Songs Chart is a monitored airplay chart in Billboard Magazine. The chart tracks the 40 most popular singles being played on 68 monitored rhythmic radio stations in the United States. Arbitron sometimes calls it rhythmic contemporary hit radio The chart was introduced on October 3, 1992, with "End of The Road" by Boyz II Men as the first number-one single.


Ultimate Aaliyah

Ultimate Aaliyah is the second compilation album by R&B singer Aaliyah. It was released on 10 May 2005 in the UK, Australia, and Japan (as "Special Edition: Rare Tracks and Visuals"). It includes two CDs and one DVD hat contains videos of Aaliyah.





Hugo Rasmussen

Hugo Rasmussen (22 March 1941 in Bagsværd - 30 August 2015) was a Danish bassist. He was best known for his 1978 album "Sweets to the Sweet". "Sweets To the Sweet" was re-released in 2001 on Danish label Music Mecca.

Edward Fadeley

Edward Norman Fadeley (December 13, 1929 – August 30, 2015) was an American attorney and former politician in the state of Oregon. 

He was the 88th Associate Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court. Previously he served in both the Oregon House of Representatives and the Oregon State Senate, serving one session as President of the Oregon Senate. 

Bone Wars

The Bone Wars was a period of fossil finding and discovery in the U.S.A during the late 19th century. Most of the action took place in Colorado, Nebraska, and Wyoming.

There was a heated rivalry between Edward Drinker Cope (of the Academy of Natural Sciences in Philadelphia) and Othniel Charles Marsh (of the Peabody Museum of Natural History at Yale). They used bribery, theft, and destruction of bones. Each scientist attacked the other in scientific publications, seeking to ruin his credibility and have his funding cut off.

Their search for fossils led them west to rich "bone beds" in the western United States. From 1877 to 1892, both paleontologists used their wealth and influence. They paid for their own expeditions, and the services and dinosaur bones from fossil hunters. By the end of the Bone Wars, both men had exhausted their funds in this way.

Cope and Marsh were financially and socially ruined by their attempts to disgrace each other. Their contributions to paleontology were massive and provided plenty of material for later work: both scientists left behind many unopened boxes of fossils after their deaths. 142 new species of dinosaurs were discovered and described by them, though today only 32 of their names are valid.

The products of the Bone Wars increased our knowledge of prehistoric life, and sparked the public's interest in dinosaurs. This led to more fossil excavation in North America in the decades that followed. Several historical books and fictional adaptations have been published about this period of intense fossil-hunting activity.

Between them, they discovered some of the most famous fossil sites in North America, such as the Morrison Formation at Como Bluff, Wyoming. The Morrison Formation extends into 13 states, and is still being searched wherever it outcrops onto the surface.

John Spellman

John Dennis Spellman (December 29, 1926 – January 16, 2018) was an American politician. Spellman was born in Seattle, Washington. He was the 18th Governor of Washington between 1981 and 1985 and the first King County Executive from 1969 to 1981. As of 2015, he was the last Republican to serve as Governor of Washington.

Spellman died on January 16, 2018 at a hospital in Seattle of pneumonia caused from a fall at the age of 91.

Daniel J. Evans

Daniel Jackson Evans (born October 16, 1925) is an American Republican politician. He was the Governor of the state of Washington for three terms from 1965 to 1977. He represented Washington in the United States Senate from 1983 to 1989.

Evans was born in Seattle, Washington. He was in the United States Navy during the later years of World War II. Evans studied at the University of Washington. He originally studied to be a structural engineer.

Evans was the 16th governor from 1965 until 1977. He is the only governor to serve three four-year terms in a row. A 1981 University of Michigan study named him one of the ten outstanding American governors of the 20th century. He chose not to run for a fourth term.

Serial killer Ted Bundy served as a campaign aide for Evans and maintained a close relationship with the Governor. During the 1972 campaign, Bundy followed Evans' Democratic opponent around the state, tape recording his speeches and reported back to Evans personally.

In 1983, Governor John Spellman appointed Evans to the United States Senate to fill a seat left vacant by the death of longtime senator Henry M. Jackson. Evans won a special election later that year against Mike Lowry and filled the remainder of Jackson's unexpired term, retiring from politics after the 1988 elections. He was not happy as a U.S. Senator; he wrote an April 1988 piece in "The New York Times Magazine", "Why I'm Quitting the Senate", in which he complained of fighting and lack of action.

Evans was seriously considered for the Republican vice presidential nomination on the ticket with Gerald Ford in 1976 (but lost out to Bob Dole). Richard Nixon in 1968 had also hinted at a possible Evans nomination for the vice presidency.

At the 1968 Republican National Convention (where he gave the keynote address) Evans refused to endorse Nixon for the presidential nomination, remaining a supporter of the unsuccessful candidacy of Nelson Rockefeller.

Evans married Nancy Bell in 1959. Together, they had three sons, Daniel Jr., Mark and Bruce. 

Nancy Evans, died in January 2024 from breast cancer at age 90.


Ichnology

Ichnology is the study of trace fossils of once-living things.

Burrows, trackways, trails and borings are all examples of traces made by organisms. Scientists study traces made by plants and animals to try to determine their behavior. An ichnologist is a scientist whose area of study and research is ichnology.

A species name given to a fossil is called an ichnospecies. It is written in italics with a initial. It is shown to be an ichnospecies by the abbreviation "isp".


Edward Douglas-Scott-Montagu, 3rd Baron Montagu of Beaulieu

Edward John Barrington Douglas-Scott-Montagu, 3rd Baron Montagu of Beaulieu (20 October 1926 – 31 August 2015) was a British Conservative politician. He was best known for founding the National Motor Museum in Beaulieu, Hampshire. Montagu, who was bisexual, was also known for being convicted and imprisoned for homosexual sex in 1954. He was a member of the House of Lords from 7 November 1947 until his death.

Montagu was born in London. His father, John, died when Edward was aged two in 1929. He was married twice, first to Belinda Crossley and later to Fiona Margaret Herbert. He had three children, two sons and a daughter.

Montagu died after a short illness on 31 August 2015 at his Beaulieu Estate in the New Forest, Hampshire. He was 88.

Bibb Falk

Bibb Falk was a major league baseball player for the Chicago White Sox. He was born in Austin, Texas. He died in Austin, Texas.

Bibb Falk was born on January 27, 1899 in Austin, Texas. He went to college at the University of Texas, where he played baseball and football. In 1920, he joined the Chicago White Sox, a major league baseball team from Chicago, Illinois. He began his career as a "spare outfielder", which is an extra player for the team. However, he later replaced "Shoeless Joe" Jackson, who played left-field for the team. He spent twelve seasons in major league baseball.

After he retired from major league baseball, Falk coached baseball for several teams, including the Cleveland Indians and Boston Red Sox. He then coached the baseball team at the University of Texas for several years.

Bibb Falk died in Austin, Texas on June 8, 1989 at age 90.

Sayre Woods, New Jersey

Sayre Woods is a neighborhood located within Sayreville in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.

Sayerwood South, New Jersey

Sayerwood South or Sayrewood South is an unincorporated community located within Old Bridge Township in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.

List of people from Maryland

The following is a list of people from Maryland, a state in the United States. This list may not include federal officials and members of the United States Congress who live in Maryland but were not born there.











List of people from California

California is a state in the western United States. It has more people than any other state in the United States. If California was a separate country, it would have the sixth largest economy in the world. California is probably the state with the most ethnic groups.




























List of people from San Francisco

The people listed below were all born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with San Francisco, California.





The following Major League Baseball players were born in San Francisco:








See also List of mayors of San Francisco, California




List of people from Missouri

The following are people who were either born/raised or have lived for a significant period of time in Missouri.








List of people from St. Louis

This is a list of famous residents of St. Louis or St. Louis County, Missouri. The dates in parentheses signify lifespan, not necessarily dates of actual residence in the city.

























List of people from Springfield, Missouri

This is a list of notable people born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with the city of Springfield, Missouri and its surrounding metropolitan area.






Eureka, Missouri

Eureka is a city of St. Louis County, Missouri.


St. Louis County, Missouri

St. Louis County is a county in Missouri, United States. The county seat is Clayton. In 2020, 1,004,125 people lived there.

List of people from St. Joseph, Missouri

This is a list of notable people born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with the city of St. Joseph, Missouri.

List of people from Columbia, Missouri

This is a list of the people born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with the American city of Columbia, Missouri, and its surrounding metropolitan area. 

Many people have lived in Columbia temporarily, while attending one of the city's institutions of higher education; such people are not included in this list. For lists of people who attended college in Columbia see: 






List of people from Kansas City, Missouri

This is a list of people who were born or lived a significant part of their lives in Kansas City, Missouri or the Kansas City Metropolitan Area.
Darrell Stuckey - NFL - San Diego Chargers 


List of people from Sedalia, Missouri

The following is a list of people who were born in, have lived in, or are otherwise associated with American city of Sedalia, Missouri; they are known as Sedalians.

In addition to what follows, a list of more than fifty Sedalia "Old Timers", who had met at the Sedalia Courthouse on the previous evening, was published in the December 12, 1893, issue of the "Sedalia Bazoo"; the list indicated when they had arrived in Sedalia, and from whence they had come.

The following have been mayors of Sedalia:




List of people from Long Beach, California

The following notable people were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with the city of Long Beach, California.


List of people from Chula Vista, California

The following notable people were born in, residents of, attended an education institution in, or otherwise closely associated with the city of Chula Vista, California. Notation next to name is not what they are notable for, but how they are connected to the city.






















List of people from Orange County, California

The following is a list of notable Orange County residents, past and present:


List of people from San Diego, California

This is a list of famous people who were born, spent a majority of their life, or currently live in San Diego, California, USA.






















List of people from Teaneck, New Jersey

The following is a list of noted current and former residents of Teaneck, New Jersey.

(B) denotes that the person was born in Teaneck.












Deaths in September 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in September 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Julián Pastor

Julián Pastor Llaneza (18 October 1943 – 24 August 2015) was a Mexican movie director, actor, screenwriter, editor, and photographer. He was known for directing the movie "No One Writes to the Colonel". Pastor was born in Mexico City.

Pastor died in Mexico City at the age of 71.

Gurgen Dalibaltayan

Gurgen Dalibaltayan (; 5 June 1926 – 1 September 2015) was an Armenian military commander. He was the Chief of General Staff of Armenian Armed Forces during the Battle of Shusha on 8–9 May 1992. The battle took place during the Nagorno-Karabakh War.

Dalibaltayan was born in Bogdanovka, Javakheti, Georgian SSR (present-day Ninotsminda, Samtskhe-Javakheti, Georgia). He was married to Shushanik Dalibaltayan (née Khachatryan). They have two children, a daughter Varduhi (b. 1952) and a son Varazdat (b. 1954).

Dalibaltayan died on 1 September 2015 in Yerevan, aged 89.

Alan Menken

Alan Irwin Menken (born July 22, 1949) is an American composer, songwriter, singer, conductor, music director and record producer. Menken is best known for his scores and songs for movies produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. 

His scores and songs for "The Little Mermaid" (1989), "Beauty and the Beast" (1991), "Aladdin" (1992), and "Pocahontas" (1995) have each won him two Academy Awards. 

He also composed the scores and songs for "Little Shop of Horrors" (1986), "Newsies" (1992), "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1996), "Hercules" (1997), "Home on the Range" (2004), "Enchanted" (2007) and "Tangled" (2010).


Playtime Is Over (mixtape)

Playtime Is Over is the debut mixtape by Trinidan-American rapper Nicki Minaj. It was released on July 5, 2007 by Young Money Entertainment and Dirty Money Entertainment. The mixtape includes guest appearances from Hell Red, Red Café, Murda Mook, Ransom, Gravy, Lil Wayne, Angel De-mar, and Ru Spits. Before releasing the mixtape, Minaj released five songs with rap group the Hoodstars. She left the group to start up a solo career. She used to upload songs on her Myspace page. With that she met Fendi, CEO for Brooklyn label Dirty Money Entertainment. Through that she met Lil Wayne who saw her appearance on the DVD "The Come Up".

Sucka Free

Sucka Free is the second mixtape by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. The album was released on April 12, 2008 through Young Money Entertainment and Dirty Money Records. "Sucka Free" features guest appearances from fellow rappers Lil Wayne, Gucci Mane, Jadakiss, Lil' Kim; a person who Minaj would argue with later on in her career and Ransom.

Just after Minaj's previous mixtape, "Playtime Is Over", was released in 2007, Minaj released "Sucka Free" with label mate Lil Wayne after he saw her on the Queens-made DVD series called "The Come Up".<ref name="Billboard - Nicki/Wayne Tour"></ref> Lil' Wayne helped Minaj with making the mixtape.

Beam Me Up Scotty (mixtape)

Beam Me Up Scotty is the third mixtape by Trinidadian-American rapper artist Nicki Minaj; it was released on April 18, 2009 by Trapaholics Records. It features guest verses from rappers Bobby V, Brinx, Busta Rhymes, Drake, Gucci Mane, Gudda Gudda, Jae Millz, Lil Wayne, Red Café, Ricky Blaze, Rocko, Ron Browz, and Shanell.


M. M. Kalburgi

Malleshappa Madivalappa Kalburgi (; 28 November 1938 – 30 August 2015) was an Indian scholar of Vachana sahitya (Vachana literature) and academic. He was the vice-chancellor of Kannada University in Hampi. A noted epigraphist of Kannada, he was awarded the National Sahitya Akademi award in 2006 for "Marga 4", a collection of his research articles.

Kalburgi was shot dead in the morning of 30 August 2015 at his residence in Dharwad district of Karnataka by two unidentified men.

Volkswagen Golf Mk7

The Volkswagen Golf Mk7 is the seventh generation of the compact car Volkswagen Golf. It succeeded the Mk6 in 2009.

2 door GTI
4 door GTI
4 door TDI
4 door SportWagen
4 door R
4 door base
2 door base
4 door eGolf

Harry Hughes

Harry Roe Hughes (November 13, 1926 – March 13, 2019) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Hughes was the 57th Governor of Maryland from 1979 to 1987.

Hughes died at his home in Denton, Maryland from pneumonia-related problems on March 13, 2019 at the age of 92.

In My Mind (Pharrell Williams album)

In My Mind is the first studio album by American recording artist Pharrell Williams. It was released on July 25, 2006. The album features the hit single "Can I Have It Like That" which features singer Gwen Stefani. The album is mainly a hip hop album with a bit of R&B.

The album received generally mixed reviews from music critics.

All songs produced by Pharrell Williams.
The album was nominated for Best Rap Album at the 2007 Grammy Awards. It lost to "Release Therapy" by Ludacris.


Ciara: The Evolution

Ciara: The Evolution (simply known as The Evolution) is the second studio album by American recording artist Ciara, released on December 5, 2006, by LaFace Records. It was released two years after Ciara's debut "Goodies". The album features guest appearances from fellow R&B singer-songwriter R. Kelly who featured on the remix to the lead single "Promise", rappers Chamillionaire, 50 Cent and Lil' Jon.

"Ciara: The Evolution" received mixed reviews from music critics.




Basic Instinct (album)

Basic Instinct is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Ciara. It was released on December 10, 2010, by LaFace Records and Jive Records. Executively produced by A&R agent Mark Pitts, Ciara, Tricky Stewart and The-Dream, "Basic Instinct" returns Ciara to her urban roots with mid-tempo R&B, hip hop and dance songs.

"Basic Instinct" received, on average, positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 72.


Credits for "Basic Instinct" adapted from Allmusic.


List of people from Arizona

The following are people who were either born/raised or have lived for a significant period of time in the state of Arizona and/or the Arizona Territory.













List of people from Colorado

This is a list of people from the state of Colorado, whether they lived, were born, or were raised there.
Coloradans have been prominent in many fields, including literature, entertainment, art, music, politics, and business. This list attempts to maintain biographical notability of significant Coloradans, and to organize historically important men and women hailing from Colorado.















List of people from Texas

The following are notable people who were either born, raised or have lived for a significant period of time in the U.S. state of Texas.














"Please consider adding notable Texas women to other categories on this page that specifically concern their areas of notability."










































A–M



























"See also the listings on this page for individual areas of specialization (e.g., Literature, Science/medicine, Music)"









Sustainable Development Goals

The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are created by the United Nations and promoted as the Global Goals for Sustainable Development. They replaced the Millennium Development Goals that expired at the end of 2015. The SDGs run from 2015 to 2030. There are 17 goals and 169 specific targets for those goals.

In August of 2015, 193 countries agreed to the following 17 goals:


Mylo Xyloto

Mylo Xyloto is the fifth studio album by Coldplay. The album was released on October 25, 2011. It was fifth and final studio album of label Capitol Records.

Antonio Nirta

Antonio Nirta (22 April 1919 – 1 September 2015) was an Italian criminal. He was the boss of the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organization in Calabria. He was born in San Luca, and, together with his brothers Giuseppe, Francesco and Sebastiano, ruled the comune.

Nirta died on 1 September 2015 in Benestare, Province of Reggio Calabria. He was 96.

Aleksandar Stipčević

Aleksandar Stipčević (10 October 1930 – 1 September 2015) was a Croatian archeologist, bibliographer, librarian and historian. He was best known for studying the Illyrians. He wrote several works on the Illyrians. He was a full professor at the University of Zagreb from 1987 until his retirement in 1997.

Stipčević was born in the village of Arbanasi near Zadar (then Zara, Kingdom of Italy). He was of Albanian ancestry.

Stipčević died on 1 September 2015 in Zagreb, aged 84.

Some of them are translated to other languages.

He was the editor-in-chief of the second volume of the "Croatian Biographical Lexicon" (1983–1989).

Willy Stähle

Willy Juana Stähle (16 June 1954 – 27 August 2015) was a Dutch world water skiing champion. She won a gold for women's figure skiing and a silver medal for women's slalom at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany. She was the Dutch Sportswoman of the Year in 1971.

Stähle was born in Amsterdam. Her death was announced on 1 September 2015.

Japandroids

Japandroids is a Canadian rock band from Vancouver, British Columbia. 

The band was formed in 2006 by Brian King and David Prowse. King and Prowse met each other in 2000 while they were attending the University of Victoria in Victoria. They started going to live shows together regularly in Victoria and Vancouver after they found out that they had a mutual interest in music. In 2003, Prowse moved to Vancouver and transferred to Simon Fraser University. After King graduated in 2005, he moved to Vancouver to form the band with Prowse. The band was influenced by The Sonics and they started writing music in 2006. The band got their name from a combination of two other band name ideas: Japanese Scream and Pleasure Droids.

The band self-released two EPs: "All Lies" in 2007 and "Lullaby Death Jams" in 2008. The EPs were only limited to 500 copies each but were re-released as a compilation titled "No Singles" in 2010.

Their first studio album titled "Post-Nothing" was released on April 28, 2009 through Unfamiliar Records and re-released on August 4, 2009 on Polyvinyl Record Co. In March 2009, the website Pitchfork Media named the song "Young Hearts Spark Fire" as a 'Best New Track'. This helped the band gain more recognition outside of Canada.

The band's second studio album "Celebration Rock" was released on June 5, 2012. The album's first single "The House That Heaven Built" was released on May 15, 2012.

The album received positive reviews. Ian Cohen of Pitchfork said, "Japandroids have gone from having almost none at all [lyrics] to packing their songs with an astonishing command of legend and literalism that all but dares you to feel "something"." Spin named Japandroids 2012's "Band of the Year" and rated the album a 9 out of 10. Rolling Stone rated it a 4 out of 5 and listed the album as #10 on their "The 10 Coolest Summer Albums of All Time" list.




Opus isodomum

Opus isodomum is an ancient technique of wall building. It uses perfectly cut, completely regular square stone blocks of equal height, and sometimes of the same length.

In classical antiquity this technique was perfected and widely used, especially for public buildings (temples, theaters, amphitheaters etc.). One of the most well-known examples is the Parthenon.

Vitruvius briefly described this technique in his De Architectura, 2nd book, 8th chapter as following: "A wall is called “isodomum“ when all the courses are of equal height".

Vitruvius further states that the stone blocks of opus isodomum are bound together by mortar, but more often they are not connected with mortar but with metal ties such as iron cramps, fixed in stone blocks with molten lead.

Completely regular isodomum is relatively rare, especially in the provinces. More frequent is isodomum made of stone blocks of the same height but not of the same length. In order to strengthen this type of wall, builders always take good care that the ends of stone blocks in alternating courses of the wall do not match.

Opus pseudoisodomum is a version of opus isodomum mentioned by Vitruvius, describing that it is a kind of stonemasonery in which "the rows of courses do not match but run unequally", referring to the height and length of the blocks, which are nevertheless still perfectly cut.

Vitruvius considered both types of wall construction as Greek, emphasizing that "both kinds are strong".


Vasto

Vasto (; Latin: Histonium, Istonium, and Histonios; formerly also, Guastaymonis, Il Vasto, and Il Vasto d'Ammone) is a town and "comune". It is on the Adriatic coast of the Province of Chieti in southern Abruzzo, Italy. The population is now just over 40,000.

VH1 Storytellers (Kanye West album)

VH1 Storytellers is the second live album by American hip hop artist Kanye West. It was released on January 5, 2010 by Roc-A-Fella Records. The album was recorded live in February 2009.


The Alesha Show

The Alesha Show is the second studio album from British recording artist Alesha Dixon, the album is her first album to be released in the United Kingdom. It was released on 24 November 2008 in the UK by Asylum Records. The album was billed in Dixon's full name of Alesha Dixon. The album is mainly a R&B album with soul and funk styles.

A deluxe edition of the album was released on 23 November 2009, entitled The Alesha Show – Encore. The first single from the "Encore" edition was "To Love Again". All the singles released from the album, including the "Encore" edition, reached the top 15 on the UK Singles Chart.

"The Alesha Show" received mainly good reviews from music critics.

"Don't Ever Let Me Go" samples "Paper Aeroplane" by Angus and Julia Stone.


Victor Navasky

Victor Saul Navasky (born July 5, 1932) is an American journalist, editor, publisher, and author. He is a professor at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism. He was editor of "The Nation" from 1978 until 1995, and its publisher and editorial director 1995 to 2005.

Dave Foley

David Scott "Dave" Foley (born January 4, 1963) is a Canadian actor, stand-up comedian, director, producer and writer. He is best known for his work in "The Kids in the Hall", "NewsRadio" and the voice of Flik in the 1998 film "A Bug's Life".

Foley was born in Etobicoke, Ontario. His mother, Mary, was a homemaker. His father, Michael, was a pipefitter. His father is of Irish descent, and his mother is of English, Irish, Scottish and Welsh descent.

Dean Jones (actor)

Dean Carroll Jones (January 25, 1931 – September 1, 2015) was an American actor. He was born in Decatur, Alabama.

Jones was best known for his light-hearted leading roles in several Walt Disney movies between 1965 and 1977. He was known for his roles in "The Love Bug" and in "Beethoven". 

Jones died from Parkinson's disease in Los Angeles, California, aged 84.


Cinderella Man

Cinderella Man is a 2005 American biographical drama movie. It was directed by Ron Howard and it was produced by Brian Grazer, Ron Howard, and Penny Marshall. "Cinderella Man" was released on June 3, 2005.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 80% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Due to a low opening, AMC Theatres advertised on June 24, 2005 that it would offer a refund to any ticket-buyer dissatisfied with the film to try and help boost ticket sales.


Michael Wenning

Michael Harold Wenning (July 5, 1935 – June 28, 2011) was an South African-born American Presbyterian minister. From 1969 to 1977, he was pastor of a Presbyterian church in Durban, South Africa. He was known for performing President Reagan's state funeral.

Wenning was born in Cape Town, South Africa. He studied at Texas Christian University and at New York University.

From 1969 to 1977, he was pastor of a Presbyterian church in Durban, South Africa. In 1977 he returned to the United States where he worked for the next three decades as a pastor in various Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) congregations, including one in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Wenning died at his home in Mission Viejo, California from kidney failure caused by leukemia, aged 75.

Boomer Castleman

Owens Boomer Castleman (July 18, 1945 – September 1, 2015), better known by his stage name Boomer Castleman, was an American singer-songwriter and guitarist. He and Michael Martin Murphey teamed up to make the pop music group The Lewis & Clarke Expedition in the 1960s. His single "Judy Mae" peaked at #33 in the US charts. He also founded the independent country music record label BNA Records which he later sold to BMG Music. He invented the palm pedal.

Castleman was born in Los Angeles, California. He grew up in Farmers Branch and Dallas, Texas. He had two daughters.

Castleman died from cancer on September 1, 2015 in Nashville, Tennessee. He was 70.


Ken Cuccinelli

Kenneth Thomas "Ken" Cuccinelli II ( ; born July 30, 1968) is an American politician. 

In June 2019, President Donald Trump appointed him to be acting Director of the Citizenship and Immigration Services office. He is a former Attorney General of Virginia. In November 2019, he became United States Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security.

He was the Republican candidate for Governor of Virginia in the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election.

He was elected as Virginia's 46th Attorney General in the November 2009 general election. From 2002 until January 16, 2010 he was a Republican member of the Senate of Virginia, representing the 37th district in Fairfax County. He holds degrees in engineering, law and commercial policy, and co-founded a law firm.


George Ariyoshi

George Ryoichi Ariyoshi (有吉良一; born March 12, 1926) is an American politician. He served as the third Governor of Hawaii from 1974 to 1986. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He became governor when John A. Burns was stepped down.

Ariyoshi was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. His parents were Japanese immigrants. He studied at the University of Michigan. He served in the United States Army during World War II.

When he was elected, Ariyoshi became the first American of Asian descent to be elected governor of a state of the United States.

Ariyoshi's administration was marked by fiscal conservatism as the post-statehood economic boom came to an end. He guided the state through its first economic recession. He has gathered some criticism for having only people with Japanese surnames on his staff, many were relatives.

He also holds the record as the longest-serving state governor in Hawaii, a record likely to remain unbroken because of term limits enacted after his tenure. Ariyoshi is now considered an elder statesman of the Democratic Party of Hawaii.

Ariyoshi married Jean Miya Hayashi in 1955. They have a daughter, Lynn, born in 1957; and two sons, Ryozo, born in 1959, and Donn, 1961.


Charles Gyamfi

Charles Kumi Gyamfi (4 December 1929 – 2 September 2015) was a Ghanaian footballer and coach. He became the first African to play in Germany when he joined Fortuna Düsseldorf in 1960, and later became the first coach to lead the Ghana national football team to an Africa Cup of Nations victory. As coach of the Ghana national football team, he won the African Cup of Nations three times (1963, 1965 and 1982), making him the most successful coach in the competition's history.

Gyamfi died in Accra, Ghana at the age of 85.

Minister

Minister may refer to:


Aleksander Mandziara

Aleksander Mandziara (16 August 1940 – 2 September 2015), also known as Alfons Mandziara, was a Polish football player and coach. He played for ŁTS Łabędy, Flocie Gdynia, Szombierki Bytom, NAC Breda, and GKS Tychy. He managed GKS Tychy, Pogoń Szczecin, Rot-Weiss Essen, BSC Young Boys, FC Biel/Bienne, LASK Linz, FC Stahl Linz, SV Darmstadt 98, and FC Bern. He was born in Gliwice.

Mandziara died on 2 September 2015, aged 75.

Mis-Teeq

Mis-Teeq were an English R&B and UK garage girl group. The members were lead singer Sabrina Washington, rapper Alesha Dixon and backing vocalist Su-Elise Nash. A fourth member, Zena McNally, performed on only one song, "Why" (the group's first song). She left soon after to start a solo career.

The group only released two studio albums, "Lickin' on Both Sides" and "Eye Candy". They released a self titled album in the United States in 2004. That album had songs from the group's first two albums. There was also a greatest hits album released in 2005. The group broke up in 2005 after their label went out of business. All of the group's singles reached the UK top 40.

Ever since the group broke up in 2005, there have been rumors about the group releasing more music. On 9 February 2011, it was reported that the group were in talks to do a comeback tour. This was denied by Dixon. Two years later, Dixon said that she would never rule out a reunion.


Jeremy Corbyn

Jeremy Bernard Corbyn (born 26 May 1949) is a British politician. He was the Leader of the Labour Party and Leader of the Opposition from 2015 to 2020. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Islington North since 1983. He was elected Leader of the Labour Party in 2015. Corbyn calls himself a democratic socialist.

Corbyn was born in Chippenham in Wiltshire. Before becoming a politician, he worked as a representative for many trade unions. He was elected to Haringey Council in 1974. He was later secretary of the Islington Constituency Labour Party (CLP). He entered the House of Commons as an MP.

Corbyn won many awards for his work as an international human rights activist. As an MP, he is known for his activism and for voting against the Labour whip when the party was in government under New Labour leaders Tony Blair and Gordon Brown. Corbyn works in support of the anti-austerity movement and stopping austerity cuts to public sector and welfare funding made since 2010.

During his career, he has worked to stop big businesses and very rich people avoiding tax. He has been an anti-war and anti-nuclear activist. Corbyn supports a foreign policy of military non-interventionism and a unilateral policy of nuclear disarmament. This means he wants all countries to stop building nuclear weapons. Corbyn is a member of the Socialist Campaign Group, the Palestine Solidarity Campaign, Amnesty International and the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND). He was the national chair of the Stop the War Coalition from June 2011 until September 2015.

After Labour's defeat in the 2015 general election and the resignation of Ed Miliband, Corbyn announced his candidacy for the leadership of the Labour Party on 6 June 2015. Although many people did not believe he would win, he won enough votes to become the lead candidate. He won many votes from trade unions who supported the Labour Party, as well as left wing activists. He was elected Leader of the Labour Party on 12 September 2015 after winning 59.5% of the votes in the first round of the ballot.

In June 2016, after the events of the "leave" vote in the EU referendum, Labour MPs passed a vote of no confidence in Corbyn. It passed by 172 votes to 40 following the resignation of around two-thirds of Corbyn's Shadow cabinet. He then faced a second leadership contest, against Angela Eagle and Owen Smith. However, in July 2016, Eagle dropped out of the race leaving Smith and Corbyn as the only candidates. On 24 September 2016, Corbyn won the leadership contest against Smith with an increased majority of 61.8%.

After the 2017 general election was announced, Corbyn said he was ready to offer a "real alternative" to the Conservative government. In the election, the Labour Party gained 32 seats, but the Conservatives remained the largest Party.

In 2019, Corbyn created a plan to prevent a no-deal Brexit, which involved creating a temporary caretaker government and then campaigning for a "public vote on the terms of leaving the European Union, including an option to Remain". He has publicly criticized antisemitism within the Labour Party, however many believe than Corbyn is responsible for some antisemitic attacks within the party. In the 2019 general election, Labour suffered its worst defeat since 1935, lowering its seats held to just over 200. Corbyn said that he would not lead Labour into the next election, causing a leadership contest, where Sir Keir Starmer won the contest and replaced Corbyn on 4 April 2020.

Corbyn was suspended from the Labour Party on 29 October 2020 after he said that he would not accept what the Equality and Human Rights Commission found about antisemitism. He was given party membership again a month later, however his party whip remains suspended until February 2021.

Corbyn was born at Chippenham Cottage Hospital in Chippenham, Wiltshire. He was raised in Kington St Michael in Wiltshire. The youngest of four sons, he is the brother of Piers Corbyn. His mother, Naomi Josling, was a math teacher. His father, David Benjamin Corbyn was an electrical engineer. His parents were peace activists. When Corbyn was seven, the family moved to Pave Lane in Shropshire, where his father bought Yew Tree Manor (renamed Yew Tree Guesthouse), turning it into a family home.

Corbyn studied at the Castle House Preparatory School near Newport, Shropshire. He then went to Adams' Grammar School. In school, Corbyn said that he received bad grades and his teacher told him that he was never going to make anything of himself. Corbyn worked as a reporter for a short time for local newspaper, the "Newport and Market Drayton Advertiser". He went to the University of North London for a year before dropping out without an educational degree.

At around the age of 19, Corbyn spent two years volunteering in Jamaica as a geography teacher.

Corbyn worked as an union official of the National Union of Tailors and Garment Workers. He became a member of a district health authority in the early years of the 1970s. In 1974, he was elected to Haringey Council, representing Harringay as councillor until 1983. Corbyn worked on Tony Benn's deputy leadership campaign in 1981.

Corbyn was chosen as the Labour Party candidate for his local seat in Islington North in 1982. Around this time, he became involved with "London Labour Briefing", where he was a contributor and member of the editorial board during the 1980s. It has been reported that he served as its general secretary for some time.

In 1983, he was elected Member of Parliament for Islington North. After winning, he joined the Socialist Campaign Group. He sat on the Parliamentary London Regional Select Committee from 1983 to 1987. He sat on the Social Security Select Committee from 1992 to 1997, the London Regional Select Committee for a second time from 2009 to 2010, and the Justice Select Committee from 2010 to 2015.

Corbyn has won re-elections as Member of Parliament for Islington North seven times. In the 2015 election, when he won 60.24% of the votes cast and a majority of 21,194. During his career, he voted against the whip 428 times while Labour was in power.

In 1990, Corbyn almost went to jail for not paying his taxes as protest to a new tax system in Scotland.

In October 2001, Corbyn was elected to the steering committee of the Stop the War Coalition, which was formed to oppose the Afghanistan War which started later that year. He helped organise the February anti-Iraq War protest which was claimed to be the largest such protest in British political history. In 2006, Corbyn was one of 12 Labour MPs to support Plaid Cymru and the Scottish National Party's call for a parliamentary inquiry into the Iraq War. He was elected chair of the coalition in succession to Andrew Murray in September 2011, but resigned in September 2015.

Corbyn has always opposed weapons of mass destruction (WMD) and is a long-time supporter of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND). He was criticised for inviting Gerry Adams and other members of Sinn Féin to the Palace of Westminster in 1984, weeks after the Brighton hotel bombing by the PIRA.

Corbyn was chair of the All-party parliamentary group (APPG) on the Chagos Islands, chair of the APPG on Mexico, Vice-Chair of the APPG on Latin America and vice-chair of the APPG on human rights. He has supported the rights for the Chagossians. He is known for his Venezuelan solidarity activism.

Following the Labour Party's defeat at the general election on 7 May 2015, Ed Miliband resigned as its party leader. His resignation caused the party to have a leadership election.

On 2 June, it was reported in media sources that Corbyn was thinking of applying to be a candidate. The next day, Corbyn announced to his local newspaper, "The Islington Tribune", that he would become a candidate in the election. Before he could become a candidate he had to secure at least 35 nominations from MPs. In the end he got 36. Some of the MPs who nominated him didn't think he would win and only nominated him to have a 'broader debate'.

Some, including former foreign secretary Margaret Becket, told journalists they regretted the decision. When he was accepted as a candidate Corbyn said: "This decision is in response to an overwhelming call by Labour Party members who want to see a broader range of candidates and a thorough debate about the future of the party. I am standing to give Labour Party members a voice in this debate". He would run against candidates Yvette Cooper, Andy Burnham and Liz Kendall.

Corbyn was elected party leader in a landslide victory on 12 September 2015 with 59.5% of first-preference votes in the first round of voting. It has been said that Corbyn would have won in the first round with 51% of votes. Corbyn's 40.5% majority was larger than that won by Tony Blair in 1994.

After being elected leader on 12 September 2015, Corbyn became Leader of the Official Opposition. On 14 September 2015, his seat in the Privy Council was announced. During his time as leader, Corbyn wanted to stop the "theatrical" nature of the House of Commons. His first months as leader was called as "a good start" and a "long overdue" change by "The Guardian". He made his first annual address as leader on 29 September 2015. As Leader of the Opposition, he was made a member of the Privy Council on 11 November 2015. The phrase, "Corbynmania", is used for the large amount of support given by his supporters.

On 16 June 2016, MP Jo Cox was assassinated after being stabbed multiple times by far-right supporter Thomas Mair. In the aftermath of the assassination, Corbyn described Cox as someone who was "dedicated to getting us to live up to our promises to support the developing world and strengthen human rights".

In June 2017, Corbyn made an appearance at the 2017 Glastonbury Festival, where he addressed the crowd. The crowd chanted "Oh, Jeremy Corbyn" and sang to the tune of "Seven Nation Army", a song by The White Stripes. Corbyn talked about the importance of young people going out and vote.

After members of ISIS carried out terrorist attacks in Paris in November 2015, Corbyn said that the only way to deal with the threat by ISIS would be to reach a political settlement and ending the Syrian Civil War. Corbyn voted against military power and airstrikes on ISIS.

In June 2016, Corbyn said he supported the United Kingdom staying in the European Union. After the United Kingdom voted on leaving the European Union, many Labour leaders wanted Corbyn to resign.

After the referendum, many members of Corbyn's Shadow cabinet resigned because they did not like Corbyn's leadership. Hilary Benn called Corbyn to tell him that he had "lost confidence" in his leadership. Corbyn later asked for his resignation from the Shadow Cabinet on 26 June. Heidi Alexander resigned from the Shadow Cabinet hours later, followed by Gloria de Piero, Ian Murray, Lilian Greenwood, Lucy Powell, Kerry McCarthy, Seema Malhotra, Vernon Coaker, Charlie Falconer, and Chris Bryant. Other Shadow Cabinet Ministers, including John McDonnell, Andy Burnham, Diane Abbott, Jon Trickett, Angela Smith, Emily Thornberry and Lord Bassam of Brighton have either supported Corbyn's leadership directly or have said that it was not a good time for a "rebellion". By mid-afternoon 27 June 2016, 23 of the 31 shadow cabinet members had resigned their roles as did seven parliamentary private secretaries.

On 28 June 2016, he lost the vote of confidence by Labour Party MPs by 172–40. He said with a statement that the motion had no "constitutional legitimacy" and that he intended to continue as the elected leader.

A YouGov poll of Labour party members found that about 50% expected to support Corbyn if a leadership ballot was called. London Mayor Sadiq Khan, who did not take a side in the dispute, said "When Labour splits, when we're divided, we lose elections". The division between Corbyn and the Labour parliamentary party continued.

On 11 July 2016, Angela Eagle announced her candidacy to run against Corbyn in the upcoming 2016 Labour Party leadership election. On 13 July former shadow minister Owen Smith also announced his leadership challenge. On the 19 July, Eagle quit the race after Smith got 90 nominations to her 70. Eagle said she resigned 'in the best interests of the party.' This was because having two anti Corbyn candidates in the race could split the vote and give him a better chance of winning.

On 24 September 2016, following the leadership contest, Corbyn was re-elected as the leader of the party again with an increased majority of 61.8%.

The Chilcot report of the Iraq Inquiry was issued on 6 July 2016. It criticised the former Labour PM Tony Blair for joining the United States in the war against Iraq. Corbyn was against the war in Iraq. In response, Corbyn apologised to the people of Iraq, families of British soldiers who died and to the British people.

After the election of Donald Trump in the 2016 United States presidential elections, Corbyn said that he believes that Trump is not solving problems, but dividing the United States. Corbyn also said he supports the idea for Trump to be banned from visiting the United Kingdom over his executive order on banning visitors from certain majority-Muslim countries from entering the United States.

In June 2019, Corbyn refused an invitation to attend a state banquet for Donald Trump, hosted by Queen Elizabeth II during the president's June visit to the United Kingdom. Corbyn then attended a London protest outside Trump and May's joint press conference and requested a meeting with Trump to talk about issues such as the "climate emergency, threats to peace and the refugee crisis". Trump rejected the request, saying that Corbyn was a "negative force".

In January 2017, Corbyn announced that he would support a three-line plan to force Labour MPs in support of triggering Article 50, which would start the removal of the United Kingdom from the European Union. In response, many Labour members said they would vote against the bill. Tulip Siddiq, the shadow minister for early years, and Jo Stevens, the Shadow Welsh Secretary resigned in protest. On 1 February, forty seven Labour MPs went against Corbyn's plan on the second reading of the bill.

At the 2017 local elections in May, Labour under Corbyn lost almost 400 councillors and control of Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire county council. The BBC's Projected National Vote Share was 38% for the Conservatives, 27% for Labour, 18% for the Liberal Democrats and 5% for UKIP, with others on around 12%.

Corbyn said he supported Prime Minister Theresa May's idea for an early general election while awaiting parliamentary approval. He said he would urge his party to support the government's move in the parliamentary vote announced for on 19 April. A majority of MPs is necessary for a general election to be called before 2020.

Many people supported Corbyn to become Prime Minister such as United States senator Bernie Sanders, who Corbyn supported when Sanders ran for President of the United States.

In the snap general election, Labour under Corbyn gained 32 seats and increased its share of the popular vote to 40%, though the Conservative Party remained in government.

After the 2017 election, a poll put Labour on 45% with the Conservatives on 39%, the first poll to show Labour ahead with Corbyn as leader. 4% more voters approve of Corbyn than disapprove. Corbyn announced that the party was being placed on "permanent campaign mode", hoping for another general election to be called as soon as fall 2017. He began a number of rallies in important seats, including Hastings and Rye, Southampton Itchen and Bournemouth West.

After Theresa May's Brexit proposal failed in the House of Commons on 15 January 2019, Corbyn filled a motion of no confidence towards the May ministry. The motion failed in a 325 to 306 vote.

In March 2019, Corbyn was assaulted by a Brexit supporter outside a mosque in Finsbury Park, north London. His attacker was sentenced to 28 days in jail. In March 2019, Corbyn said that he could vote leave in a second referendum, depending on the Brexit deal on offer.

At the end of Theresa May's time as Prime Minister, she had a small lead over Corbyn in the best Prime Minister polling question. However, following the appointment of Boris Johnson as Prime Minister in July 2019, he gained double-digit leads over Corbyn on this question, although he was seen to be "more in touch" with ordinary people than Johnson.

A year after most of his Shadow Cabinet resigned, Corbyn removed three Shadow Cabinet members and a fourth resigned. This was after they went against the Labour Party's orders to not vote on the motion aimed at keeping the United Kingdom in the European Union single market.

In March 2018, it was revealed that Labour Party members, including Corbyn, some of his office staff and MPs belonged to a secret Facebook group where antisemitic comments were freely made. He left the group after becoming Labour leader in 2015.

According to the "Huffington Post" he was enrolled by someone else in 2014 and had only made a small number of posts.

Later in March 2018, a spokesman for the Labour leader admitted Corbyn had posted a comment on Facebook in 2012 questioning the removal of an allegedly antisemitic mural in London. This became controversial with Corbyn releasing a statement that said: “I sincerely regret that I did not look more closely at the image I was commenting on, the contents of which are deeply disturbing and antisemitic,” he said. “The defence of free speech cannot be used as a justification for the promotion of antisemitism in any form. That is a view I’ve always held.”.

In February 2019, seven MPs resigned from the Labour Party to form an Independent group because of Corbyn's handling of Brexit and of allegations of antisemitism.

On 29 October 2019, Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced that the next general election would be held on 12 December 2019. The reason was so that Conservatives could win a majority in parliament to pass a Brexit bill. Labour were left with just over 200 seats, their worst result since 1935. However, the party's share of the vote was higher than in 2015 and 2010. Conservatives won seats in England and Wales that were traditionally Labour seats, in a move the British media called: "a realignment of UK politics".

After the Labour Party's had massive losses in the election, Corbyn stated that he plans to step down following a period of reflection causing a leadership contest. Corbyn said that he had "pride in the manifesto" that Labour put forward for the election and blamed the defeat on Brexit. 

On 3 April 2020, in a final message to Labour Party members while leader of the party, Corbyn said, "I can assure you my voice will not be stilled. I’ll be out there campaigning for socialism, peace and justice, and I feel sure we’ll be doing that together." He also claimed that Labour in the last five years under his leadership had "changed the agenda on austerity and how the economy is run".

On 4 April 2020, Sir Keir Starmer replaced Corbyn as Opposition Leader and Labour Party Leader.

After a report by the Equality and Human Rights Commission, the Labour Party suspended Corbyn in October 2020. They did this because he said that he would not accept what the report had found. On 17 November 2020, Corbyn was given a formal warning and was given party membership again. Party leader Sir Keir Starmer has not yet give Corbyn party-related responsibilites again. On 26 November, Corbyn's lawyers pushed for legal action against the Labour Party for suspending Corbyn's party whip. Corbyn's claim is that he and Starmer had agreed to a deal to readmit him to the party. His party duties will be suspended at least until February 2021 until an investigation into Corbyn's anti-Semitism accusations can finish.

On 13 December 2020, Corbyn announced that he would be creating the Project for Peace and Justice the following month. It would focus on environmentalism, international peace, poverty, social inequality and corporation power. Corbyn launched the Project on 17 January 2021.

On 18 February 2022, in the week before the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Corbyn, along with 11 other MPs, cosigned a statement from the Stop the War Coalition that would not support a war in Ukraine. After the invasion began, many MPs and Labour officials wanted Corbyn and others who signed the statement to remove their names from it. Corbyn and fellow former Labour independent MP Claudia Webbe did not withdraw their signatures from the statement.

In August 2023, Corbyn said that he was thinking about running for Mayor of London as an independent. He had been included as a named candidate on some polls in late 2023.

In 1974, Corbyn married Jane Chapman. They divorced in 1979. In 1987, Corbyn married Chilean-born Claudia Bracchitta. They had three sons. They divorced in 1999. Corbyn said in June 2015 that he continues to "get on very well" with his former wife. In 2013, Corbyn married Laura Álvarez. He lives in Finsbury Park in London.

In an interview by "The Huffington Post" in December 2015, Corbyn did not want to say what his religion was, saying that it is a "private thing", while saying that he was not an atheist.

In January 2016 it was announced that a satirical musical based on Corbyn's life would be staged at the Waterloo East Theatre in London later in the year. BBC News suggested that "Corbyn the Musical: The Motorcycle Diaries" "may be the first stage show written about a leader of the opposition".

Corbyn has been against Private Finance Initiative (PFI) and supported a higher rate of income tax for the richest in society. He wants to stop tax evasion by adding £1 billion in HM Revenue and Customs.

Corbyn has said that the National Health Service (NHS) should be "completely publicly run and publicly accountable". He is a supporter of the NHS Reinstatement Bill 2015. Corbyn does not support the Private Finance Initiative.

Corbyn did not support sending British troops to retake the Falkland Islands. He called it a "nauseating waste of lives and money".

Corbyn has supported same-sex marriage and LGBT rights. Corbyn voted in favour of the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Act 2013, that allowed same-sex marriage in England and Wales. He has been a longtime environmentalist and does not support hydraulic fracturing. Corbyn is a supporter of animal rights. He also supports re-nationalisation of the UK's train system, meaning they will be owned and run by the government and not by businesses.



Ashley Madison

Ashley Madison is a Canada-based online dating service and social networking service. It used for people who are married or in a committed relationship. It promotes affairs. Its slogan is "Life is short. Have an affair." The website was launched in 2001.

The company received attention on July 15, 2015, after hackers stole all of its customer data—including emails, names, home addresses, sexual fantasies, and credit card information—and threatened to post all the data online if Ashley Madison and fellow Avid Life Media site EstablishedMen.com were not permanently closed.


Alejandro Maldonado

Alejandro Maldonado Aguirre (born January 6, 1936) is a Guatemalan politician. He was the acting President of Guatemala following the Congress of Guatemala's acceptance of the resignation of Otto Pérez Molina on September 3, 2015. He left office on January 14, 2016.

Simo Salminen

Simo Veli Atte Salminen (8 November 1932 – 2 September 2015) was a Finnish comic-actor. He was best known for his many performances in movies and television shows by Spede Pasanen. He was known for his roles in "Pähkähullu Suomi" and in "Koeputkiaikuinen ja Simon enkelit".

List of people from Montclair, New Jersey

Notable current and former residents of Montclair, New Jersey, include:





Carmela Soprano, on "The Sopranos", attended Montclair State University










List of people from Union City, New Jersey

The following is a list of notable people from Union City, New Jersey. (B) denotes that the person was born there, though births prior to 1925 would have been in West Hoboken or Union Hill which merged in 1925 to form Union City, as noted in some of these entries.

Ora (Rita Ora album)

Ora is the debut studio album by British recording artist Rita Ora, released on 27 August 2012 through Roc Nation.


Leon Gorman

Leon A. Gorman (December 20, 1934 – September 3, 2015) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was the President (1967–2001) and Chairman (2001–2013) of the bard for the clothing company L.L.Bean. He had a reported net worth of $860 million, and, until his death, was the richest person in Maine. He was born in Nashua, New Hampshire.

Gorman died from cancer on September 3, 2015 in Yarmouth, Maine, aged 80.

Jean-Luc Préel

Jean-Luc Préel (30 October 1940 – 3 September 2015) was a French politician. He was a member of the National Assembly from 1988 until 2012. He represented the Vendée department, and was a member of the New Centre. He was born in Caen.

Préel died on 3 September 2015 in La Roche-sur-Yon, aged 74.

Graham Brazier

Graham Brazier (6 May 1952 – 4 September 2015) was a New Zealand musician and songwriter. He was best known as a member of the band Hello Sailor. He was also a member of The Pink Flamingos and The Legionnaires. He was born in Auckland.

Brazier died from a heart attack on 4 September 2015 in Auckland, aged 63.

Ancient Egyptian royal titles

The Ancient Egyptian royal titles were a standard way of naming the pharaohs, the kings of Ancient Egypt. These names and titles showed the king's worldly and religious powers. The names could provide a sort of mission statement for the king. Names and titles sometimes changed during the reign.

By the Middle Kingdom the pharaohs used a set of five titles. The full set of titles, the titulary, using the five names, became the standard and were still in use as late as the Roman Empire.

G5-O33
The Horus name is the oldest form of the pharaoh's name. It began in the Predynastic Period. Many of the oldest-known Egyptian pharaohs were known only by this title.

The Horus name was usually written inside a serekh. This was a symbol of a palace façade. The name of the pharaoh was written in hieroglyphs inside the serekh. Usually there would be an image of the falcon God Horus on top or beside it.

One Egyptian ruler, the 2nd dynasty Seth-Peribsen, used an image of the god Seth instead of Horus. Perhaps this was showing there had been some kind of religious division within the country. He was succeeded by Khasekhemwy, who placed the symbols of both Set and Horus above his name. Later kings always had the image of Horus beside their name.

By the time of the New Kingdom the Horus name was often written without the enclosing serekh.

G16
The Nebty name, meaning "two ladies", was linked with the goddesses of Upper and Lower Egypt:

The name is first definitively used by the First Dynasty pharaoh Semerkhet. It became an independent title by the Twelfth Dynasty.

The Nebty name was not usually framed by a cartouche or serekh. It always begins with the hieroglyphs of a vulture and cobra resting upon two baskets, the dual noun "nebty".

G8
This was also known as the "Golden Horus Name". The pharaoh's name featured the image of a Horus falcon perched above or beside the hieroglyph for gold.

The meaning of this title has been disputed. It could show the triumph of Horus over his uncle Seth, the symbol for gold meaning that Horus was "superior to his foes". Gold also was linked with ideas of eternity, so name may show the pharaoh's eternal Horus name.

Like the Nebty name, this name was not framed by a cartouche or serekh.

M23:t-L2:t
The pharaoh's throne name, the first of the two names written inside a cartouche, with the title "nsw-bity" ("nesu-bity, nesw-bit, nswt-bjtj").
It means "S/He of the Sedge and Bee". This is often translated as "King of Upper and of Lower Egypt", as the sedge and bee were symbols for Upper and Lower Egypt.

The term "nsw-bity" may be from the Berber word for "strong man; ruler".(Schneider 1993)

The epithet "neb tawy", "Lord of the Two Lands", meaning the valley and delta regions of Egypt was also often used.
G39-N5:.-
This was the name given to the pharaoh at birth. The name itself was preceded by the title "Son of Ra". This was written with the hieroglyph of a duck ("za"), a homonym for the word meaning "son" ("za"), next to an image of the sun, a hieroglyph god Ra. It was first introduced to the set of royal titles in the Fourth Dynasty and emphasizes the king's role as a representative of the solar god Ra. When the pharaoh was woman, the preceding title was interpreted as "daughter".

Modern historians usually use this name for the ancient kings of Egypt, adding ordinals (e.g. "II", "III") for different individuals with the same name.



Wilfred de Souza

Wilfred de Souza (23 April 1927 – 4 September 2015) was an Indian surgeon and politician. He served as the Chief Minister of Goa three times; 18 May 1993 until 2 April 1994, 8 April 1994 until 16 December 1994 and 30 July 1998 until 26 November 1998.

De Souza was born in Kampala, Uganda. He grew up in Goa. He was a Roman Catholic.

De Souza died after a short illness on 4 September 2015 in Panaji, aged 88.

Geoffrey Bolton

Geoffrey Curgenven Bolton (5 November 1931 – 3 September 2015) was an Australian historian, academic and writer. He was best known for his research and writings of Western Australian history. He wrote around thirteen books between 1958 and 2008. He also taught at universities such as the University of Western Australia (UWA), Murdoch University and Monash University. In 2005, he was named Western Australian of the Year.

Bolton was born in Perth, Western Australia. He was educated at the Oxford University and UWA. He was married to Carol Grattan and had two sons and five grandchildren.

Bolton died on 4 September 2015 in Perth, aged 83.

Giya Kancheli

Giya Kancheli (; August 10, 1935 – October 2, 2019) was an Georgian composer. After the fall of the Soviet Union he became famous as one of the composers who resisted pressure to conform to official Soviet styles of music. Kancheli has composed many soundtracks for movies such as "Mimino", "Kin-dza-dza!", "Passport", "Blue Mountains", "The Eccentrics", and "Extraordinary Exhibition".

Kancheli died at his home in Tbilisi on October 2, 2019 at the age of 84.


Lady Saw

Marion Hall (born 12 July 1972), better known as Lady Saw, is a Grammy Award-winning Jamaican reggae singer. Hall was born in Galina, Saint Mary, Jamaica on 12 July 1972 and began performing with local sound systems at the age of fifteen. She went on to work with the "Stereo One system" in Kingston. Her performances brought her to the attention of record producers. She recorded her first single for producer Piper, and "Love Me or Lef Me", produced by Olive Shaw received significant airplay. She had her first hit with "If Him Lef" and she topped the Jamaican record charts with "Good Man".

Chandra Bahadur Dangi

Chandra Bahadur Dangi (; 30 November 1939 – 3 September 2015) was a Nepalese farmer and craftsman. He was best known for being the shortest man in recorded history, measuring . Dangi was a primordial dwarf. He broke the record of Gul Mohammed (1957–1997), the shortest adult human whose height was . He was born in Kalimati, Salyan District.

Dangi died from pneumonia on 3 September 2015 in Pago Pago, American Samoa, aged 75.

Jet d'Eau

The Jet d'Eau (, "Water-Jet") is a large fountain in Geneva, Switzerland. The fountain is one of the city's most famous landmarks, and one of the largest fountains in the world. It is located at the point where Lake Geneva empties into the Rhône river.

Mr. Freeze (roller coaster)

Mr. Freeze: Reverse Blast (previously known as Mr. Freeze) is a steel launched shuttle roller coaster.


Unbreakable (Janet Jackson album)

Unbreakable is the eleventh studio album by the American singer, Janet Jackson. It was released on October 2, 2015. As of September 2015, two R&B tinged singles had been released from the album. One was "No Sleeep" which features American rapper J-Cole. The other was the title track. This will be Jackson's first album with newly recorded material since 2008's "Discipline".

Rico Rodriguez (musician)

Rico Rodriguez MBE (born Emmanuel Rodriguez; 17 October 1934 – 4 September 2015), also known as simply Rico, as well as Reco or El Reco, was a Cuban ska and reggae trombonist. He was born in Havana and grew up in Kingston, Jamaica. He has recorded with many producers, including Karl Pitterson, Prince Buster, and Lloyd "Matador" Daley. He was known as one of the first and most distinguished Ska artists.

Zhang Zhen (general)

Zhang Zhen (; 5 October 1914 – 3 September 2015) was a general of the People's Liberation Army of China, and a former member of the Central Military Commission of the Communist Party of China. Zhang was born in Pingjiang County, Hunan Province.

His original name was Zhang Jiansheng(), also named as Zhang Zushou(), Zhang Zhongtian(). 


Chi Haotian

General Chi Haotian (; born 9 July 1929) is a Chinese general of the People's Liberation Army. In May-June, 1989, Chi played an important role in directing the military's enforcement of martial law in Beijing to suppress the Tiananmen Square Protests in the national capital.


Li Yuan-tsu

Li Yuan-tsu (; September 24, 1923 – March 8, 2017) was a Chinese politician. He served under Lee Teng-hui as the eighth Vice President of the Republic of China. Li is of Hakka ancestry. He was born in Pingjiang, Hunan.

Li died of kidney failure on March 8, 2017 in Toufen, Taiwan, aged 93.

Robert Davi

Robert John Davi (born June 26, 1953) is an American actor, singer, writer, and producer. Davi has performed in more than 130 movies. He has played the roles of main villain and drug lord Franz Sanchez in the 1989 James Bond movie "Licence to Kill". He was FBI Special Agent Bailey Malone in the NBC television series "Profiler". He played a Vietnam War veteran and FBI Special Agent Big Johnson in "Die Hard". Davi played the opera-singing heavy Jake Fratelli in "The Goonies", Hans Zarba in "Son of the Pink Panther" and Al Torres in "Showgirls".

Davi was trained as a singer. He launched his professional singing career in 2011. His first album, "Davi Sings Sinatra -- On The Road To Romance," hit #6 on the "Billboard" jazz charts. Praised for his voice, Davi ed as a headliner at The Venetian, in Las Vegas, Nevada, six months after the record was released.

Château de Chaumont

The Château de Chaumont (or Château de Chaumont-sur-Loire) is a castle in Chaumont-sur-Loire, Loir-et-Cher, France. The castle was founded in the 10th century by Odo I, Count of Blois. It is located on top of a hill overlooking the Loire River. It was built to protect the borders between Blois and Anjou.

Aadesh Shrivastava

Aadesh Shrivastava (4 September 1964 – 5 September 2015) was an Indian composer and singer. He worked on over 100 Hindi movies, including "Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham..." (2001), "Baghban" (2003), "" (2008), and "Raajneeti" (2010).

Shrivastava was born to a Hindu Kayastha family in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh. He was married to actress Vijeta Pandit from 1990 until his death. They had two sons.

Shrivastava died from cancer on 5 September 2015 in Mumbai, Maharashtra. He was 51.


David Fonseca (politician)

William Henry "David" Fonseca (1 May 1954 – 30 April 2015) was a Belizean politician and businessman. He served as the Mayor of Belize City from 1 March 1999 until 1 March 2006. He was a member of the People's United Party.

Fonseca died on 30 April 2015 in Belize City, aged 60. He committed suicide (killed himself) by shooting himself in the head.

Pavel Nakhimov

Pavel Stepanovich Nakhimov () (born July 5, 1802 – died July 12, 1855) was a Russian admiral. He was one of the most famous admirals in Russian naval history. 

In 1826, Nakhimov served on the crew of the 74-gun warship “Azov”, commanded by Mikhail Lazarev. One year after, on October 20 1827, he and the crew of Azov fought in the Battle of Navarino and with the help of the British and French naval forces, they defeated the Ottoman naval forces.

After that, Nakhimov was the commander of naval and land forces during the Siege of Sevastopol in the Crimean War. On November 30 1853, Nakhimov defeated the Ottoman troops in the Battle of Sinope.

On July 10 1855, while he was inspecting the forward-defense positions at Fort Malakoff, he was fatally wounded by a sniper. The medal, the Order of Nakhimov, a Soviet Navy Cruiser and the Nakhimov Naval Academy (Sevastopol) are named for him.

J. T. Walsh

James Thomas Patrick "J. T." Walsh (September 28, 1943 – February 27, 1998) was an American actor. He appeared in over 50 movies during his career. Walsh's best known roles were in the movies "Good Morning, Vietnam" (1987), "Misery" (1990), "Backdraft" (1991), "Hoffa" (1992), "A Few Good Men" (1992), "Miracle on 34th Street" (1994), "The Client" (1994), "Blue Chips" (1994), "Silent Fall" (1994), "Outbreak" (1995), "Nixon" (1995), "The Babysitter" (1995), "Sling Blade" (1996), "Breakdown" (1997), "Pleasantville" (1998), and "The Negotiator" (1998). He also appeared in an episode of "The X-Files".

Walsh was born in San Francisco, California. He was married to Susan West from 1972 until their divorce in 1982. They had one son, John.

Walsh died from a heart attack on February 27, 1998 in Lemon Grove, California, aged 54. Jack Nicholson dedicated his Academy Award for "As Good as It Gets" to Walsh's memory.

Brentor

Brentor is a small village about north of Tavistock within West Devon. The village is famous for it's church, "Church of St Michel de Rupe" (Saint Michael of the Rock). The church which dates back to the 13th century sits high upon a tor overlooking the village. It can be seen from miles around and is visited by many people each year. The rock it sits on is what is left of a volcano and is high. It was once used as a beacon tower to warn people of approaching enemy ships.

Sylvie Joly

Sylvie Joly (18 October 1934 – 4 September 2015) was a French actress and comedian. She was best known for her roles in the movies "Going Places" (1974) and "Get Out Your Handkerchiefs" (1978).

Joly was born in Paris. She had two daughters, Mathilde Vitry and Stéphane Joly. In October 2010, she revealed she had Parkinson's disease.

Joly died of a heart attack on 4 September 2015 in Paris. She was 80.

Wiki farm

A wiki farm is a site where you can create your own wiki. Getting webspace is usually as easy as requesting an e-mail account. An account will generally allow a certain number of wiki sites and some are free. Most wiki farms let you create wikis that use Mediawiki software, the software that thousands of wikis use. 

This table is not complete

Il Guarany

Il Guarany is an Italian opera in four acts, music by Antônio Carlos Gomes and libretto by Antonio Scalvini and Carlo D'Ormeville, after José de Alencar's novel "O Guarani". It was first performed in Milan, on March 19, 1870. By far Gomes's most successful work and his only opera still regularly performed. 




Helvellyn

Helvellyn is an English opera in four acts, music by George Alexander Macfarren and libretto by John Oxenford, after Salomon Mosenthal's play "Der Sonnwendhof". It was first performed in London, on November 3, 1864.








Alpine climate

Alpine climate is the average weather (climate) for the regions above the tree line but below the place where the snow never melts.
This is a mountain or highland climate.

No month has a mean temperature higher than . 

Gliese 667 Cc

Gliese 667 Cc is an extrasolar planet 22.18 light years away. It orbits around the red dwarf star Gliese 667 C, one of the Gliese 667 triple star system. The system is in the constellation of Scorpius. It is the most Earth-like planet in 50 light years. It's ESI (Earth Similarity Index) is 0.85. It is present in the hot inner edge of the habitable zone than the Earth. It absorbs 90% of light from it's star, as the Earth does but it is tidally locked.

Gliese 667 Cc was first found by the European Southern Observatory on 21 November 2011. They used the wobble method (also known as radial velocity). They watched how the star "wobbled" as Gliese 667 Cc circled around its star. On 2 February 2012 researchers at the University of Göttingen and the Carnegie Institution for Science confirmed the planet's existence.

Gliese 667 Cc circles its star every 28 days, and is 0.125 AU away from its star. It fits within the habitable zone. Its mass is 3.8 times that of the Earth. Its size is probably about 50% larger than Earth.

Because of Gliese 667 Cc's distance from its star, it is predicted to be tidally locked to its star. Just as Earth's Moon always shows the same face to the Earth, the length of Gliese 667 Cc's day would then match the length of its year. This means it would be permanently light on one half and permanently dark on the other half of its surface. Tidal locking also means the planet would have no axial tilt and that means the planet would not experience any seasons.

Poison (Rita Ora song)

"Poison" is a song by British singer Rita Ora. The song was released on 18 May 2015. It was the first single from her second studio album. The single peaked at number three in the United Kingdom. It is a dubstep and R&B song. It is her first solo song since 2014's "I Will Never Let You Down".




Alan Steel

Sergio Ciani (7 September 1935 – 5 September 2015), best known as Alan Steel, was an Italian bodybuilder and actor. He was known for his roles in "Samson", "The Rebel Gladiators", and "Hercules Against the Moon Men".

Ciani died in his sleep at his house in Ostia, Rome, aged 79.

Philistines

The Philistines (, , , or ; , "Plištim") were a people described in the Bible. During the Judges period they were one of the Israelite's most dangerous enemies. Biblical scholars have connected the Philistines to other biblical groups such as Caphtorim and the Cherethites and Pelethites. Both have been identified with Crete, and leading to the tradition of an Aegean origin.


National Geographic article 

Brianna Lea Pruett

Brianna Lea Pruett (January 18, 1983 – September 2, 2015) was an American singer-songwriter, musician, painter, poet and filmmaker. She was born in Sacramento, California.

Pruett died in Sacramento, California, aged 32.



Eric Stuart

Eric Stuart (born October 18, 1967) is an American voice actor, voice director, singer, songwriter and guitarist who worked for 4Kids Entertainment, NYAV Post, and Central Park Media. He is perhaps best known for his roles as Brock and James in the long-running TV series "Pokémon" from Seasons 1 to 8. He is also the lead singer of his rock band The Eric Stuart Band.








Billy Bletcher

William "Billy" Bletcher (September 24, 1894 – January 5, 1979) was an American actor. He was best known for providing the voice of Pete for the Disney franchise in the 1930s to the 1950s.

Bletcher was born on 24 September 1894 in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. At age 19 he was a vaudeville performer. He started his movie career in 1913 at the Vitagraph Studios in Brooklyn, New York. In 1917, he moved to California and became a comedian for Mack Sennett. He later starred in several Hal Roach two reelers. 

During his acting career he starred in a number of comedies. Bletcher also acted in Westerns and action movies. He directed two feature movies in the 1920s. Bletcher was the voice of the Lone Ranger in the 1937 movie serial. He was a veteran voice actor from the Disney animated movie The Three Little Pigs (1933). Later he did voice-overs for television. His last movie appearance was in 1969.

Bletcher was married once, to actress Arline Roberts. She was a vaudevillian and a Ziegfeld Girl. When they moved to California she worked as a "bathing beauty". She acted in silent comic two-reelers and feature movies but never gained the prominence her husband did. They had a daughter, Barbara Bletcher.



Christopher Awdry

Christopher Vere Awdry (born 2 July 1940) is an English author best known for his contributions to "The Railway Series" of books featuring Thomas the Tank Engine, which was started by his father, the Rev. W. Awdry. He has also produced children's books based on a number of other railways. He has also written non-fiction articles and books on heritage railways.

Ben Kuroki

Ben Kuroki (May 16, 1917 – September 1, 2015) was an American Air Force gunner. He was the first Nisei (son of Japanese immigrants) to serve in the Pacific Ocean theater of World War II. He served in a total of 58 combat missions during World War II. For his services to his country from 1941 until 1946, he was awarded three Distinguished Flying Crosses, one Distinguished Service Medal, and five Air Medals with oak leaf clusters.

Kuroki was born in Gothenburg, Nebraska and grew up in Hershey, Nebraska. His parents were Japanese immigrants, and was one of 10 children. Kuroki was married to Shige and had three daughters.

Kuroki died on September 1, 2015 in Camarillo, California, aged 98.

Adrian Cadbury

Sir George Adrian Hayhurst Cadbury (15 April 1929 – 3 September 2015) was a British businessman and rower. He was the Chairman of Cadbury and Cadbury Schweppes for 24 years. He was best known for heading the Committee on the Financial Aspects of Corporate Governance from 1991 to 1995. He also rowed in the Great Britain coxless four in the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland.

Cadbury was born in Birmingham. He was educated at Eton and King's College, Cambridge.

Cadbury died on 3 September 2015 in Birmingham, aged 86.

Python molurus

Python molurus is a large nonvenomous python species. It is found in many tropic and subtropic areas of South Asia and Southeast Asia. 

It has various common names: Indian python, black-tailed python and Indian rock python. The species is limited to Southern Asia. It is generally lighter colored than the Burmese python. It can grow to .

The color pattern is whitish or yellowish with the blotched patterns varying from shades of tan to dark brown. This varies with the terrain and habitat. Specimens from the hill forests of Western Ghats and Assam are darker. Those from the Deccan Plateau and east coast of India are usually lighter.

The longest scientifically recorded specimen, which came from Pakistan, was in length and weighed .


Radioactive (Rita Ora song)

"Radioactive" is a song recorded by British recording artist Rita Ora. It was released as the fourth single from her debut studio album, "Ora". The single was released on 11 February 2013. The song was co-written by Sia Furler and Greg Kurstin (who also produced the song). It is a house and R&B song.

Lawrence Lessig 2016 presidential campaign

The 2016 presidential campaign of Lawrence Lessig was officially launched when Lessig, Harvard University professor from Massachusetts, announced his candidacy for the Democratic Party's nomination for President of the United States in 2016 on September 6, 2015. The headquarters of the campaign is in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

Lessig decided to form an exploratory committee in preparation for a possible bid for the Democratic Party's nomination for President of the United States in 2016. Almost two months into the campaign trail, poor polling numbers and not being qualified to enter the debates, Lessig dropped out on November 2, 2015.


Jimmy McMillan

James "Jimmy" McMillan III (born December 1, 1946) is an American political activist, perennial candidate, and Vietnam War veteran, as well as a former postal worker, stripper and private investigator in Brooklyn, New York City.

McMillan is best known as the founder of the Rent Is Too Damn High Party, a New York-based political party.

McMillan has run for office at least six times since 1993, most notably in the 2010 gubernatorial election. He declared in December 2010 that he would run in the 2012 U.S. presidential election as a Republican. He did not appear on the ballot in any state and suspended his campaign to return to the Rent Is Too Damn High Party and run for Mayor of New York City in the 2013 election. He attempted to run for Governor again in the 2014 election but he did not make the ballot.

McMillan announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 election, but withdrew from the campaign on December 9, 2015 and announced that he was retiring from politics.

William Bradley

William Bradley can be:


Desert climate

Desert climate or Arid climate (in the Köppen climate classification: BWh "hot desert climate" and BWk "cold desert climate") is a type of climate where precipitation is generally less than a year. Low rainfall is a feature of deserts such as the Arabian, central Australia and the Sahara. It is a feature of continental interiors, the western sides of continents, and the leeward side of tall mountain ranges. Parts of the Arctic and Antarctic have arid climates even though they are cold. 

A "true desert" is one where plant cover is very sparse and rainfall is rare or infrequent. Because desert air is dry there is little moisture to hold onto the heat of the day. Desert nights are usually very cold. This wide temperature variation can make a desert climate difficult to live in.

Some deserts get more than 250mm of rainfall yearly but are still arid areas. For example, the Kalahari Desert gets up to a year. It has great sand dunes like the Sahara, but they do not shift in the winds. They have plants that anchor the sand and help to keep their shape. Other areas can also have more than 250mm of precipitation but lose more water via evapotranspiration than falls as precipitation. Tuscon and Alice Springs are good examples of this. Tucson gets an average of of rainfall a year. Alice Springs receives about yearly. Some scientists do not consider these as true deserts. 

There are three types of desert climates in the Köppen climate classification: a hot desert climate (BWh), a cold desert climate (BWk) and a mild desert climate (BWh/BWn). Hot deserts have very hot summers that have temperatures that can even reach 45 °C (113 °F). Temperatures can even be very warm during winter. Cold deserts can have hot summers as well, but the winters are usually very cold. They are usually at high altitudes and can be drier than hot deserts.

Desert plants and animals have adapted to living in desert climates. Some animals can get by on less water. Some plants are able to store water. Some animals, like snakes, lizards and scorpions use poisonous venoms to kill for food. This saves valuable energy: they do not need to chase, fight or catch their prey. Many animals are nocturnal. They sleep in cool caves or burrows during the day and hunt at night. Plants likewise have adapted to saving water. Some have waterproof coverings that prevent the plant or seeds from drying out. Some, like the giant Saguaro cactus, store water. They have adapted so well that they can live for more than 150 years and can average over 40 ft tall. Many types have thorns and protective spines that keep animals from getting at their stores of water.


Ralph Milne

Ralph Milne (13 May 1961 – 6 September 2015) was a Scottish footballer. He played for Dundee United, Charlton Athletic, Bristol City and Manchester United. He played as both an attacking midfielder or a winger.

Milne died in Dundee, Scotland from liver disease, aged 54.

Judy Carne

Judy Carne (April 27, 1939 - September 3, 2015) was an English actress. She was best remembered for the phrase "Sock it to me!" on "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In".

Carne died in her hometown of Northampton, England on September 3, 2015, after a battle with pneumonia, aged 76.

EBCDIC

Extended Binary Coded Decimal Interchange Code (EBCDIC) is an 8-bit character encoding. It is used mainly on IBM mainframe and IBM midrange computer operating systems. EBCDIC descended from the code used with punched cards. It was also related to the six bit binary-coded decimal code used with most of IBM's computer peripherals of the late 1950s and early 1960s. EBCDIC is also used on various non-IBM platforms. These include the Fujitsu-Siemens' BS2000/OSD, OS-IV, MSP, and MSP-EX, and Unisys VS/9 and MCP.

<br>

Calvin J. Spann

Calvin J. Spann (November 28, 1924 – September 6, 2015) was an original Tuskegee Airman and fighter pilot with the 100th Fighter Squadron of the 332nd Fighter Group. 

Spann received his wings from the Tuskegee Flight School as a part of the graduating class of 44G. As a member of the United States Army Air Corps, he served in Europe during World War II, where Spann flew 26 combat missions before the end of the war in the European Theatre.

Martin Milner

Martin Sam Milner (December 28, 1931 – September 6, 2015) was an American movie, stage, radio and television actor. Milner was best known for his performances in two popular television series: "Route 66", which aired on CBS from 1960 to 1964, and "Adam-12", which aired on NBC from 1968 to 1975.

Milner died at his home in Carlsbad, California at the age of 83.


Romain Rolland

Romain Rolland (29 January 1866, Clamecy, Nièvre – 30 December 1944, Vézelay) was a French writer. He received the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1915. He wrote dramas, novels, and essays.



Shahbazpur Union, Sarail

Shahbazpur () is a union parishad under Sarail Upazila of Brahmanbaria District in the Chittagong Division of eastern Bangladesh.


G. Gordon Liddy

George Gordon Battle Liddy (November 30, 1930 – March 30, 2021), better known as G. Gordon Liddy was an American lawyer and convicted felon. He was best known as the chief operative in the White House Plumbers from July–September 1971, during Richard Nixon's presidency. He was convicted of conspiracy, burglary, and illegal wiretapping for his role in the Watergate scandal.

Liddy died on March 30, 2021 at his daughter's home in Mount Vernon, Virginia from Parkinson's disease-related problems at the age of 90.


Candida Royalle

Candida Royalle (October 15, 1950 – September 7, 2015) was an American pornographic actress, director and producer. In 1984, Royalle founded "Femme Productions". Royalle was a member of American Association of Sex Educators, Counselors and Therapists. She was born in New York City.

Royalle died on September 7, 2015 of ovarian cancer in Mattituck, New York, aged 64.


UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying Group A

Group A of the UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying tournament is one of the nine groups to determine what team will be playing in the UEFA Euro 2016. Iceland, Czech Republic, Turkey, Netherlands, Latvia and Kazakhstan were the six teams that are in the group. It will be played from 9 September 2014 to 13 October 2015.


Ziynet Sali

Ziynet Sali (born on 29 April 1975 in Nicosia, Northern Cyprus) is a Turkish Cypriot singer who is mainly famous in Northern Cyprus and Turkey. Her 2010 single, "Rüya," reached #1 on the Turkish Music charts.

Ziynet was born in Cyprus on April 29, 1975 to Turkish Cypriot parents. Her father had been living in the United Kingdom since 1963 and had met her mother when he was on vacation to his native Northern Cyprus. They had three children, and Ziynet was the only daughter. Because of the Cyprus conflict, the family moved back to the United Kingdom. She currently has both a British and Cypriot citizenship. At the age of six, she moved back to Cyprus to finish her early education. In 1994, she moved to Istanbul to study music at Istanbul Technical University. She graduated this university in 1999.


Follow the Leader (Korn album)

Follow the Leader is the third studio album by the American alternative metal band Korn. The album was released on August 18, 1998. "Follow the Leader" sold 14 million copies, making it Korn's most successful album.


Fraggle Rock

Fraggle Rock is a British/American/Canadian children's live action puppet television series. It was created by Jim Henson. Fraggle Rock is about a society of Muppet creatures called Fraggles. It was shown from 1983–1987. Down at Fraggle Rock (Down in Fraggle Rock) is an opening and ending song. In 1993 versions of some episodes, at the end of some scenes of some episodes and some episodes, the 1993 Fraggle Rock "Stay tuned" screen/logo plastered/replaced the 1982–1987 Fraggle Rock ending credits and at the end of 1993 versions of some episodes, 1993 Fraggle Rock ending credits replace/plastered 1982–1987 Fraggle Rock ending credits. The intro was shortened on The Hub in 2010–2013, and Hub Network in 2013–2014 and Discovery Family since 2014. In the cartoonish/animated intro, the Roland D-50 patch "Piano-Fifty" was heard. In some versions of the theme, the Yamaha DX7 internal factory patch "Electric Bass 1" was heard in 1983–1987. It got cartoonish/animated in season 6 (1987).

"Fraggle Rock" was co-produced by British television company Television South (TVS), the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, U.S. pay television service Home Box Office and Henson Associates. Unlike "Sesame Street", it was intended from the start to be an international production. Henson described the "Fraggle Rock" series as "a high-energy, raucous musical romp. It's a lot of silliness. It's wonderful." While the program proved accessible to audiences of all ages, it used the fantasy creatures as examples to deal with serious issues. These included prejudice, spirituality, personal identity, the environment, and social conflict.

"Fraggle Rock" features many original songs.

The Fraggles call the human world "outer space" and humans "silly creatures from outer space."


Doozers are people smaller than Fraggles. Doozers have green skin and small eyes. They almost always wear hard hats. They spend most of their time building clear structures using cranes and other construction tools. The Fraggles like to eat these structures.

Gorgs are people much bigger than Fraggles. They call their house "the castle" and the rest of their land "the universe." The show never says whether they really are rulers or whether they are poor farmers who like to pretend they are rulers.

Roger Craig Smith

Roger Craig Smith (born August 11, 1975) is an American voice actor and former stand-up comedian who does voice roles for video games, television and movies. He is known as the current voice behind Chris Redfield in the "Resident Evil" series. He voices Ezio Auditore da Firenze in the "Assassin's Creed" games. He also voices Deidara in the anime "", and of the Sega video game character Sonic the Hedgehog, in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" video game franchise since 2010.



Human genetics

Human genetics is the study of inheritance as it occurs in human beings. It includes the study of human genetic disorders, the work on the human genome, and genetic counselling.

Genes are a common factor behind most inherited traits. Study of human genetics may answer questions about human nature, and the genetics of human life. It helps us to understand the diseases we get, and helps the development of effective disease treatment.



Wadj-wer

Wadj-wer (meaning "Great Blue-Green") is an Egyptian god of fertility. "Wadj-wer" is sometimes shown as being part male and part female. He is seen as the personification of the Mediterranean Sea or some of the big lakes in the Nile Delta. He is often shown holding a ankh and a loaf. He is also shown to be pregnant, and he symbolizes the richness of the waters of the Nile delta.


Aida (musical)

Aida is a musical by Sir Elton John and Tim Rice, first opened in 1998. It was based on the Verdi opera of the same name It was nominated for Tony Awards.

Act I

The musical opens in a modern-day museum. In the Egyptian wing, a man and woman meet each other as a statue of a female Pharaoh, Amneris, awakens ("Every Story Is A Love Story") and transports them to Ancient Egypt. Ramades, who is leader of the Egyptian army, return from an expedition through the lands of the Nubians, the longtime enemies of Egypt ("Fortune Favors The Brave"). When the soldiers capture a group of women, he is instantly drawn to one of them, Aida, who tries freeing herself by fighting one of his soldiers. After Ramades forces Aida to wash his back, she refuses, telling him that although the Egyptians took everything from the Nubians, their spirit will never be taken ("The Past Is Another Land"). Ramades saves Aida's companions from working in the copper mines (and certain death) by sending them to work in the palace grounds instead. He also sends Aida as a handmaiden to Amneris, to whom he is betrothed.

Preschool

Preschool is a term for early childhood education. It is education for very young children between the ages of three and six, before the start of compulsory education at elementary school/primary school. There are theories of child development which influence preschool activities, with the ideas of Jean Piaget that categorise this age group as a “preoperational” stage of development being the most influential.

In Europe the terms 'nursery' and 'kindergarten' are used to describe preschooling.

Early childhood education usually encourages children to learn by playing. But basic topics like counting or the alphabet may start to be taught.

Sanday, Orkney

Sanday is one of the inhabited islands of Orkney, Scotland. It covers an area of . It is the third largest of the Orkney Islands. The main centres of population are Lady Village and Kettletoft. Sanday can be reached by Orkney Ferries or plane from Kirkwall on the Orkney Mainland. Cultural activities revolve around the school.

Pieter van den Hoogenband

Pieter van den Hoogenband (born 14 March 1978) was a former Dutch swimmer. He won three gold medals at the Olympics. He swam at the Olympics four times, from 1996 to 2008. He held the world record in the 100 meter and 200 meter freestyle. Van den Hoogenband is well known for his races in the 200 meter freestyle against Ian Thorpe from Australia.

Andrew Kohut

Andrew Kohut (September 2, 1942 – September 8, 2015) was an American pollster and nonpartisan news commentator about public affairs topics. Kohut was the founding director of the Pew Research Center and served as director of the Pew Research Center's Global Attitudes Project. He served as the center's president from 2004 to 2012.

Joost Zwagerman

Johannes Jacobus Willebrordus (Joost) Zwagerman (18 November 1963 – 8 September 2015) was a Dutch writer, poet, and essayist. Among his teachers was the novelist Oek de Jong. He was born in Alkmaar in the Netherlands.

Zwagerman committed suicide in Haarlem, Netherlands, aged 51.

The Late Show with Stephen Colbert

The Late Show with Stephen Colbert is an American late-night talk show hosted by Stephen Colbert on CBS. It is the second version of the "Late Show" franchise, following the retirement of original "Late Show" host David Letterman. Jonathan Batiste is the bandleader.

The show premiered on September 8, 2015. Colbert had previously hosted "The Colbert Report" on Comedy Central.


Jon Batiste

Jonathan Michael Batiste (born November 11, 1986) is an American singer, musician, educator, and bandleader. Batiste is known for being the music director and bandleader for "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert". He has won an Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Golden Globe Award and Grammy Award for co-composing the score of Disney Pixar "Soul" (2020). In 2022, he won five Grammy Awards for his album We Are.

Batiste is married to journalist and author Suleika Jaouad since 2022.


List of languages by number of native speakers

Below is a List of languages by number of native speakers.

Over half the world's population speaks the 15 most used native languages. They are listed here. They are from the Swedish "Nationalencyklopedin" (2007, 2010).

The distinction between language and dialect is often not clear. Some mutually intelligible versions have been unified. These include Indonesian and Malay; Croatian, Bosnian, and Serbian. It does not include standard Hindi and Urdu. Hindustani has been divided here into the sociolinguistic units of Hindi and Urdu, but at least 100 million speakers of some Hindi dialects are not counted below. 


Susan Allen (musician)

Susan Allen (May 10, 1951 – September 7, 2015) was an American harpist. She was born in Monrovia, California.

Allen died from brain cancer on September 7, 2015 in Seattle, Washington. She was 64.

Edward Upward

Edward Falaise Upward (9 September 1903 – 13 February 2009) was an English novelist and short story writer. At the time of his death, he was considered the UK's oldest living author. 

He was born on 9 September 1903 in Romford, Essex, to Harold and Louisa Upward. His father was a doctor. Upward graduated from Corpus Christi College, Oxford in 1925 with a degree in English. He became a teacher which also allowed him time to write. 

In 1931 he became interested in the Communist Party. He joined the party in 1934. He wrote for several Left-wing journals. These included "New Country", "The Left Review" and "New Writing". Upward's first novel was "Journey to the Border", published in 1938. At that time Upward was better known for a 1937 essay called "Sketch for a Marxist Interpretation of Literature". He wrote a trilogy called "The Spiral Ascent". The second part had trouble getting published. By the time the third part was published, it had to be underwritten by the Action Council. The council only agreed after pressure from Upward's friends. The three were titled "In the Thirties" (1962), "The Rotten Elements" (1969), and "No Home But the Struggle" (1977). The last two were almost completely ignored at the time. 

He enjoyed a resurgence in his nineties with the publication of several of his short stories. These were "The Mortmere Stories" (co-written with Christopher Isherwood during their time at Cambridge in the 1920s), "An Unmentionable Man" (1994), "The Scenic Railway" (1997), "The Coming Day" (2000), and "A Renegade in Springtime" (2003), the last to celebrate his 100th birthday. 

He died on 13 February 2009, aged 105, in Pontefract, West Yorkshire, England.


<br>

Revenge

Revenge is doing something to hurt another person because they believe that person hurt them. It is also called vengeance, vendetta, payback, retribution or retaliation. It can also be doing something to get even for an insult, real or perceived. Vengeance is as old as people are. it is a natural urge that has been examined by psychologists, philosophers, legal scholars, poets, playwrights and others. Anthropologists have discovered chimpanzees will try to get revenge on thieves who steal their food.

In a 2004 issue of Science, Swiss researchers scanned the brains of several subjects who had been intentionally "wronged" in an experiment. They were then given a chance to get even with the person they thought wronged them. As they thought about how they could get revenge, their brain activity showed a rush of rush of activity in the caudate nucleus. This is the part of the brain that processes rewards. This gives some psychological confirmation to the saying "Revenge is sweet".

The ancient Chinese philosopher Confucius said: ""Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves." "Payback's a bitch!" is the more modern version. The person seeking revenge is often hurt as badly as his victim. Often, the one seeking revenge has to take on the very qualities he or she hated in the first place.

It becomes a case of "you hurt me, I'll hurt you back". Taking revenge on someone may cause them to retaliate and take revenge on you. This process keeps going back and forth until it becomes a blood feud involving families, tribes, even nations. On a world level, feuds have been going on for centuries. A desire for revenge comes from a shared human desire for justice. But revenge twists justice into what is needed at the moment.

Growing evidence shows abused children often inflict revenge on themselves and those around them. By not experiencing a healthy development they do not have a healthy sense of justice. By not having developed a healthy understanding of interpersonal relationships, it can lead to criminal behavior. Studies of Juvenile delinquents and inmates shows a strong connection between criminal behavior and a history of being abused as a child. As teens, many engage in revenge fantasies.

Sometimes revenge or acts of revenge are actually other feelings disguised as revenge. 


Richard G. Hewlett

Richard Greening Hewlett (February 12, 1923 – September 1, 2015) was an American public historian. He was best known for his work as the first official Chief Historian of the United States Atomic Energy Commission (AEC).

Hewlett was born in Toledo, Ohio. He joined the United States Army Air Corps during World War II after the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941.

Hewlett died on September 1, 2015 at the age of 92.

Queen Rania of Jordan

Queen Rania of Jordan (; born Rania al-Yassin and sometimes called Rania al-Abdullah; born on 31 August 1970 in Kuwait City, Kuwait) is the Queen consort of Jordan. After she married Abdullah II of Jordan, she became known for her work in education, health, community empowerment and micro-finance. She also uses social media often (Facebook, Twitter and YouTube). She has two daughters and two sons. She has been given many awards by governments.

Rania al-Yassin was born in Kuwait to Palestinian parents. She went to the New English School in Jabriya, Kuwait. She got a degree in business administration at the American University in Cairo. Before graduating from the American University, she worked with Citibank and Apple, Inc..

Queen Rania of Jordan has launched and fought for many initiatives in education and learning.

In July 2005, in partnership with the Ministry of Education, the King and Queen created the Queen Rania Award for Excellence in Education. It is an annual award for teachers.

Queen Rania is the chairperson of Jordan's first children's museum. It was opened in May of 2007. It encourages lifelong learning for children and their families. In 2007, Queen Rania began a program to renovate 500 of Jordan's schools in a period of five years. Queen Rania is also chairperson of the Royal Health Awareness Society (RHAS).

Queen Rania created the Jordan River Foundation in 1995. This foundation works to empower society, especially women and children, to improve the quality of life and make a better future for all Jordanians. She also created the Jordan River Children Program (JRCP). This program wants to place children’s well-being above politics and cultural taboos. After two children were killed in Jordan because of child abuse, Queen Rania called for an emergency meeting to discuss where the system was failing.

On 30 March 2008, Queen Rania launched her own YouTube channel. It was originally to invite viewers to give their opinions on the Middle East and talk about the stereotypes they may have of Arabs and Muslims.

Titles

10 June 1993-22 March 1999 Her Royal Highness Princess Rania Al Abdullah of Jordan 

22 March 1999 Her Majesty The Queen of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan 

National Honor 

Jordan 

-Grand Cordon with Collar of the Order of Al-Hussein bin Ali (9 June 1999) 

-Knight Grand Cordon, Special Class of the Supreme Order of the Renaissance (6 March 2024) 

Foreign Honors 

-Belgium: Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold (18 May 2016) 

-Germany: Grand Cross Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (21 October 2002) 

-Italy: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic (19 October 2009) 

-Japan: Grand Cordon (Paulownia) 1st Class of the Order of the Precious Crown (4 December 1999) 

-Portugal: Grand Cross (GCSE) of the Order of Saint James of the Sword (16 March 2009), Grand Cross (GCIH) of the Order of Infante Henry (5 March 2008) 

-Spain: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Charles III (21 April 2006), Dame Grand Cross of the Royal Order of Isabella the Catholic (18 October 1999) 



Will Provine

William B. Provine (February 19, 1942 – September 1, 2015) was an American historian of science and of evolutionary biology and population genetics. He was best known for his several different positions held at Cornell University. Provine also appeared in Ben Stein's documentary movie "" (2008).

Provine was born in Nashville, Tennessee. He was married to Gail and had two sons.

Provine died from brain cancer on September 1, 2015 in Horseheads, New York. He was 73.


List of Jordanian consorts

This is a list of all the queens consort of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. No woman is allowed to be a queen regnant.

Dina bint Abdul-Hamid

Dina bint Abdul-Hamid (15 December 1929 – 21 August 2019) was the former Queen of Jordan. Her husband, the king, was Hussein of Jordan. They were married from 18 April 1955 to 24 June 1957. The marriage ended because the queen stated she did not love the king and they had political differences.

Dina was a graduate of Cambridge University. She lectured in English literature at Cairo University. Together they had one child, Princess Alia bint Hussein. She was the king's eldest child. She was born in Cairo, Egypt. 

Dina died on 21 August 2019 in Amman, Jordan at the age of 89.

Tasmannia

Tasmannia is a genus of woody, evergreen flowering plants native to Australia, New Guinea, Celebes, Borneo and the Philippines. Most species have aromatic bark and leaves. Some are used to extract essential oils. Their peppery-flavored fruits and leaves (especially dried) are increasingly used as a condiment in Australia. They have a peppery flavour due to the presence of polygodial. The taste is a cross between chile and peppercorn.

In Australia, the genus ranges from Tasmania and eastern Victoria and New South Wales to southeastern Queensland. It is also found in the mountains of northeastern Queensland. There it grows in moist mountain forests and in wet areas in the drier forest and along watercourses to up to 1500 m (5000 ft).

'Tasmanian pepper' or 'mountain pepper' (pictured) was the original pepperbush used by colonial Australians. It was grown in Cornwall in England, to become the 'Cornish pepperleaf' (associated with Cornish cuisine). It has large, peppery berries which are also high in antioxidants. But due to the presence of safrole, safrole-free strains of mountain pepper are selected for the spice trade. 

Dorrigo pepper ("Tasmannia stipitata") was the original pepper bush present in specialty foods restaurants in the 1980s. It is also sold as a spice today. Dorrigo pepper is safrole free and has a strong peppery flavour.


Tacuinum sanitatis

The Tacuinum (sometimes Taccuinum) Sanitatis is a medieval handbook mainly on health. It is based on the "Taqwim al‑sihha" ("Maintenance of Health"), an eleventh-century Arab work an health by Ibn Butlan of Baghdad. The text exists in several variant Latin versions. 

It describes in detail the beneficial and harmful properties of foods and plants. It explains the six essential elements for well-being:

"Tacuinum Sanitatis" says that illnesses result from imbalance of these elements.


Rapa Nui people

The Rapa Nui are the native Polynesian people of Easter Island, or Rapa Nui, in the Pacific Ocean. The easternmost Polynesian culture, the Rapa Nui people currently make up 60% of Easter Island's population. Some live in mainland Chile. They speak both the traditional Rapa Nui language and the primary language of the island, Spanish. At the 2002 census there were 3,304 island inhabitants. Almost all lived in the village of Hanga Roa on the sheltered west coast. 

As of 2011, Rapa Nui's main source of income comes from tourism. Tourists come to see the giant sculptures called Moai. Some fruits are grown for local use. Rapa Nui activists have been fighting for their right of self-determination. They also want control of the island. Recent protests by the Rapa Nui on Easter Island against Chilean rule has led to clashes with the Chilean police.

Humorism

Humorism, or humoralism, was a system of medicine about the makeup and workings of the human body. It was a belief that too much or too little of any of four distinct body fluids in a person directly influenced their temperament and health. The humoralist system of medicine is highly individualistic. Each individual patient was made up of their own unique combination of humors.

It resembled an early holistic approach to medicine linking mental and physical processes. From Hippocrates onward, the humoral theory was adopted by Greek, Roman and Persian physicians. It became the most commonly held view of the human body among early physicians until the coming of modern medical research in the nineteenth century. It has not been used in medicine since then.

<br>

Wrangel Island

Wrangel Island () is a small island in the Arctic Ocean belonging to Russia. It lies between the Chukchi Sea and East Siberian Sea. Wrangel Island lies across the 180° meridian. The International Date Line is displaced eastwards at this latitude to avoid the island and the Chukchi Peninsula on the Russian mainland. It is roughly in area. The closest land to Wrangel Island is tiny and rocky Herald Island located to the east. The distance to the closest point on the Siberian mainland is . Wrangel Island may have been the last place on earth where Woolly Mammoth survived. It is home to many arctic animals including polar bears. Since 1976 it has been a nature reserve.

Baron Ferdinand von Wrangel (1796–1870) was a German explorer and seaman in the service of the Russian Empire. He noticed birds flying north near the Kolyma river. From this he correctly deduced there was an island in the Arctic ocean. He searched for the island in the 1820s but never found it. 

In 1881 an American steamship, the "Thomas L. Corwin", searching for a lost expedition found themselves off Wrangel island. They searched the island for survivors but found none. They raised an American flag on the and claimed it for the United States. They named it "New Columbia", but the name never stuck. Nothing was done about the discovery for the next 30 years.

In 1913, Vilhjalmur Stefansson led a large expedition to discover a lost continent he believed was under the Arctic ice cap. They sailed from Victoria, British Columbia on June 17, 1913. Six weeks later their ship was caught in the ice. Stefansson and several companions left the expedition and returned to safety. When the ship was crushed, the crew set up camp on the ice. In March of 1914, Captain Bartlett led what was left of his crew 80 miles across the ice to Wrangel Island. Twelve survivors were picked up by a small whaling schooner in September of 1914. 

In 1921, Stefansson claimed Wrangel island for Canada. An expedition from Canada to colonize the island failed. By 1926 Russia re-established their claim to the island by setting up a colony there. Eventually the colonists returned to the mainland leaving the island deserted.

In 1976 the Soviet Union declared the island a "zapovednika", a federally protected nature reserve. In English it is called the Wrangel Island Nature Reserve. It protects large colonies of snow geese, polar bears, and walrus that live here. Only official Russian government personnel and invited guests can visit the reserve.

Wrangel island was never covered by glaciers during the last ice ages and it was never covered by water when the ice retreated. The soil and plants on Wrangel have been undisturbed by time. The interior valleys are mainly ancient Pleistocene tundra. They boast over 400 unique plant species.

Even though it is a very harsh climate Wrangel island has a large and diverse wildlife population. It is the world's largest Polar Bear denning ground. There are about 400 female bears who raise their young here. It has the world's largest population of Pacific Walrus. The island has large populations of Snow Geese, Snowy Owls, seals, Arctic wolves, Arctic fox and lemmings. One thing the island seems to be missing is mosquitoes.

Wrangel island may have been the last place Woolly Mammoths ("Mammuthus primigenius") existed before becoming extinct. The island is littered with mammoth tusks. A population of mammoths existed here some 6,000 years after they went extinct on the mainland. They survived until about 1650 BCE. Archaeological evidence on the island shows them to be a smaller subspecies, "Mammuth primigenius wrangelensis".

DNA methylation

DNA methylation is the main way gene activity is adjusted during life, especially during early development.

It is how methyl groups are added to DNA. This suppresses gene transcription. Two of DNA's four nucleotides, cytosine and adenine, can be methylated. Since adenine methylation is restricted to prokaryotes, all eukaryote transcription is regulated by suppressing cytosine.

Suppressing genes is the basis of epigenetics, the study of changes in gene activity which are "not" caused by changes in the DNA sequence. It is the study of gene expression, the way genes bring about their phenotypic effects.

The changes in gene activity by methylation may last for the rest of the cell's life, and for many generations of cells through cell divisions. However, there is no change in the underlying DNA sequence of the organism. Instead, non-hereditary factors cause the organism's genes to behave (express themselves) differently.


Honey bee

A honey bee (or honeybee) is any bee that is a member of the genus Apis. They are all eusocial flying insects which live in colonies of various sizes. 

They are only a small fraction of the 20,000 known species of bee. They produce and store honey and make perennial, colonial nests from wax. There are both stinging and stingless honey bees. 

Honey bees are the only living members of the tribe Apini, all in the genus "Apis". There are only seven species of honey bee, with a total of 44 subspecies. Historically, from six to eleven species have been recognized. 

Some other types of bees produce and store honey, but only members of the genus "Apis" are true honey bees. The study of honey bees is known as <nowiki>"melittology"</nowiki>.

The first "Apis" bees appear in the European fossil record at the Eocene–Oligocene boundary (34 million years ago). This shows that the bees were present in Europe by that time. Few fossil deposits are known from South Asia, the suspected region of honey bee origin.

No "Apis" species existed in the New World during human times before the introduction of "A. mellifera" by Europeans. Only one fossil species is known, a single 14-million-year-old specimen from Nevada.

The close relatives of modern honey bees – bumblebees and stingless bees – are also social, but with smaller numbers in their families.

All honey bees (and perhaps all bees) use scent as a way to co-ordinate their activities. Nasonov's gland produces a pheromone used to get worker bees together. The pheromone can attract workers to a settled swarm and draw bees who have lost their way back to the hive.


Negev tortoise

The Negev tortoise ("Testudo werneri") is a tortoise found mainly in the Negev desert in southern Israel. It was once present in the Sinai Peninsula. In Israel it is protected by law and there are conservation programs. It is currently considered a critically endangered species. 

The Negev is one of the world's smallest tortoises. Unlike other tortoises it does not hibernate in winter. Instead, winter is the breeding season. In 2010 the IUCN recommended that Israel take additional steps to protect the Negev tortoise including creating a wildlife preserve.

There is some disagreement over whether the Negev tortoise is the same species as the Kleinmann's tortoise.

Diana Ross (1970 album)

Diana Ross (also re-released as Ain't No Mountain High Enough) is the self-titled debut solo album by American recording artist Diana Ross. It was released on June 19, 1970 by Motown Records. The album was released after Ross left R&B girl group The Supremes, a group Ross had been in since 1959.

The album was quite successful and critics felt that the album is one of Ross’ best albums she had released in her career.

"All tracks written and produced by Nickolas Ashford & Valerie Simpson, except for "These Things Will Keep Me Loving You", written by Johnny Bristol/Harvey Fuqua/Sylvia Moy and produced by Bristol."






Alanine

Alanine (abbreviated as Ala or A) is an α-amino acid. It has the chemical formula CHCH(NH)COOH. 

The -isomer is one of the 20 amino acids encoded by the genetic code. Its codons are GCU, GCC, GCA, and GCG. It is classified as a non-polar amino acid. 

-Alanine accounts for 7.8% of the primary structure in a sample of 1,150 proteins. Leucine is the only amino acid which is more common. 

-Alanine occurs in bacterial cell walls and in some peptide antibiotics.

Nature reserve

A nature reserve (preserve or (national/nature) conserve) is a protected area. It protects wildlife, flora (plants) and fauna (animals). Reserves may also protect geological features or other special interests. A nature reserve is land that is kept for conservation and to provide special opportunities for study or research.

Nature reserves can be created by government institutions. They can also be created by private landowners, such as charities and research institutions, regardless of nationality. The International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) is an organization that helps countries and others with conservation programs and management.


Wrangell Island

Wrangell Island is an island in the Alaska Panhandle of southeastern Alaska. It is long and 8–23 km (3–14 miles) wide. It has a land area of , making it the 29th largest island in the United States. Wrangell is separated from the mainland by the narrow Blake Channel. 

Wrangell has been ruled by Russia, Great Britain and the United States. It was visited in 1799 by "The Dragon", a ship out of Boston, Massachusetts. They traded with the Stikine Tlingit peoples. It was occupied in 1834 by the Russians. It is named after Ferdinand Wrangel, a German explorer in Russian service. From 1867 to 1877 it was a U.S. military post. Later it was a stopping point for hunters, explorers and miners using the Stikine river route to the Yukon.

The island contains the city of Wrangell, Alaska. Wrangell Island is heavily forested and contains an abundance of wildlife. The only other community is Thoms Place. Wrangell Island's total population was 2,401 at the 2000 census. Fishing and mining are the main jobs. A sawmill closed in the 1990s. The island and surrounding areas contain many recreational areas. It is at the mouth of the Stikine River.

University of Chicago sit-ins

the University of Chicago sit-ins were a series of nonviolent protests at the University of Chicago in Chicago, Illinois in 1962. It was because of segregation at the university. It was led by future United States senator of Vermont Bernie Sanders.

Everything Is Everything (Diana Ross album)

Everything Is Everything is the second album by Diana Ross, released in 1970. After the huge success of her self-named album and the two singles released from it, Motown rushed the release of "Everything is Everything" album and therefore the album was released just a few months after it. Like Ross' previous album, the album had two singles released off of it, "I'm Still Waiting" and "Doobedood'ndoobe, Doobedood'ndoobe, Doobedbood'ndoo".




Franco Interlenghi

Franco Interlenghi (29 October 1931 – 10 September 2015) was an Italian actor. He has worked with great directors such as Federico Fellini in "I Vitelloni", Michelangelo Antonioni in "I Vinti" and Luchino Visconti in his stage adaptation of "Death of a Salesman".

Interlenghi died on 10 September 2015 in Rome, aged 83.

Antonella Lualdi

Antonella Lualdi (6 July 1931 – 10 August 2023) was an Italian actress and singer. She appeared in many Italian and French movies in the 1950s and 1960s, notably in Claude Autant-Lara's movie "Le rouge et le noir" in 1954, opposite Gérard Philipe.

Lualdi died on 10 August 2023 in Rome, Italy at the age of 92.


Luchino Visconti

Luchino Visconti di Modrone, Count of Lonate Pozzolo (2 November 1906 – 17 March 1976), was an Italian theatre, opera and movie director, and screenwriter. He was best known for his movies "The Leopard" (1963) and "Death in Venice" (1971).

On 17 March 1976, Visconti died from a stroke in Rome, Italy. He was age 69.


Carlo Lizzani

Carlo Lizzani (3 April 1922 – 5 October 2013) was an Italian movie director, screenwriter and critic. He was born in Rome. He was known for his movies "The Violent Four" (1968) and "Crazy Joe" (1974) or crime-comedy "Roma Bene" (1971).

Lizzani committed suicide by jumping off the balcony of his house in Rome, aged 91.

Whitney Dancin' Special

Whitney Dancin' Special" "is the first extended play/remix album by American singer Whitney Houston, it was released only in Japan on November 1, 1986 by Arista RecordsIt includes 5 remixed and 1 instrumental versions of songs from Houston's self-titled debut album (1985). The album peaked at #14 in the Japanese charts and sold 19,480 copies there.

James E. Proctor Jr.

James Edward Proctor, Jr. (June 14, 1936 – September 10, 2015) was an American politician. He represented district 27A in the Maryland House of Delegates from May 1990 until his death.

Proctor was born in Washington, D.C. to an African American family. He lived in Accokeek, Maryland with his wife Elizabeth G. Proctor.

Proctor died from heart disease on September 10, 2015 in Washington, D.C., aged 79.

George R. Klare

George R. Klare (Minneapolis, 1922 – The Plains, Ohio, 2006) was a World War II veteran and a distinguished professor of psychology and dean at Ohio University.

Klare served as a navigator on a B-17 Flying Fortresss in the Eighth Air Force in England. On December 31, 1944, he was shot down over Germany. He spent the rest of World War II in German POW camps. He was liberated by advancing Soviet troops from Stalag Luft One on May 1, 1945. He was honorably discharged as a First Lieutenant in December, 1945, receiving the Air Medal, the Purple Heart, European area ribbons and the Prisoner of War medal.

Klare later recounted his experiences as a prisoner of war in a chapter entitled "Questions" in "Interrogations, Confessions, and Entrapment," published by Springer in 2004.

In 1978, he was named Distinguished Professor of Psychology. While at Ohio University, he served as chair of the Psychology Department from 1959 to 1963, as acting dean of the College of Arts and Sciences in 1965–66 and in 1984–85, and as Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences from 1966 to 1971. He was also acting associate provost for graduate and research programs from 1986 until his retirement in 1987. in 1981, Klare was elected to the Reading Hall of Fame of the International Reading Association in 1997. He is listed in "Who's Who in America".

His major contribution was in the field of readability. From the beginning of the 20th century, the assessment of the grade level of texts for different grades of readers was a central concern of reading research. It was well known that without correctly graded texts, readers would not improve their reading skill. There were over 1,000 published studies on this topic. Klare's contribution to that effort came both in his critical reviews of the studies and his participation in original research.


List of presidents of Cuba

This is a list of the presidents of Cuba beginning in 1902.


Turritopsis dohrnii

Turritopsis dohrnii, also known as the immortal jellyfish, is a species of small jellyfish found in the Mediterranean Sea and in the waters off Japan. 

It is the only known case of an animal which can revert completely to a sexually immature, colonial stage after it has reached sexual maturity as an individual.

Like most other hydrozoans, "T. dohrnii" begin life as free-swimming tiny larvae known as a planula. As a planula settles down, it gives rise to a colony of polyps that are attached to the sea-floor. While an immortal jellyfish can age in reverse, it can also be killed by predators including various fish, sharks, turtles and even other jellyfish. 

Jellyfish, also known as medusae, bud off these polyps and continue their life in a free-swimming form. Eventually they become sexually mature. All the polyps and jellyfish coming from a single planula are genetically identical clones.

"Turritopsis dohrnil" is a species of jellyfish that apparently does not die of natural causes, because it can revert to the juvenile stage from the adult stage. However, it is not actually immortal. Most "Turritopsis" are likely to be eaten by predators or die from disease in the adult stage.

Shin Kubota from Kyoto University, has managed to keep these jellyfish for a long time. 
Kubota reported that during a two-year period, his colony rebirthed itself 11 times.

St. Croix River (Wisconsin–Minnesota)

The St. Croix River () is a tributary of the Mississippi River. It is about long. The St. Croix flows in the U.S. states of Wisconsin and Minnesota. The lower of the river forms the border between Wisconsin and Minnesota. The river is a National Scenic Riverway under the protection of the National Park Service. A hydroelectric plant at St. Croix Falls supplies electricity to the Minneapolis–St. Paul metropolitan area.

Father Louis Hennepin wrote in 1683, from information probably provided by Daniel Greysolon, Sieur du Lhut: "There is another River which falls ... into the Meschasipi ... We named it "The River of the Grave", or "Mausoleum", because the Savages buried there one of their Men ... who was bitten by a Rattlesnake." Father Hennepin called it in French "Rivière du Tombeaux".

There are several possible explanations for the origin of the present name. An early map dated to 1688 recorded a "Fort St. Croix" on the upper part of the river. Near the mouth of the river was a French Voyageur's grave marked with a cross. The most likely explanation was that it was named for a French trader named Sainte-Croix.
The name "Rivière de Sainte-Croix" was applied to the river sometime in 1688 or 1689.

On "Map of the Territories of Michigan and Ouisconsin" (1830) by John Farmer, the St. Croix River is shown as the "Chippewa River". However, by 1843, Joseph Nicollet's "Hydrographical Basin of the Upper Mississippi River" reinforced the name provided by Franquelin's 1688 map.

The river valley and the surrounding area was originally occupied by the Ojibwe, Dakota and nine other American Indian tribes. The Indians mainly lived on wild rice, fish, and game. By the eighteenth century, the Ojibwe and Dakota were the two main tribes that inhabited the area. This lasted until around 1745, when the Dakota were driven from the St. Croix Valley as a result of the Battle of Kathio. It is worth noting that many Dakota and Ojibwe people still occupy this area to this day, as it is particularly considered a part of Dakota homeland. 

The first Europeans to arrive in the area were Sieur du Lhut and his men in the fall and winter of 1679-1680. For the next eighty years the area was mainly under French influence. The fur trade grew throughout the first half of the eighteenth century. Beaver pelts were one of the main products. French trade in the upper valley was dominated by the Ojibwe. They were tied to Lake Superior traders. In the lower valley the Dakota assisted in trading with merchants based out of St. Louis. After the end of the French and Indian War in 1763, British traders entered the area. They grew in numbers and influence with the help of the powerful North West Company.

The 1837 Treaty of St. Peters with the Ojibwe gave the United States government a large tract of land in what today is north central Wisconsin and east central Minnesota. This opened the region to logging. The river was important to float the logs downstream to the sawmills that processed it. During the 1840s, important sawmills were located at St. Croix Falls and Marine on St. Croix. In the 1850s Stillwater became the primary lumber destination. During this time the population of Stillwater grew rapidly. New sawmills were opened, and the town saw an influx of capital, primarily from lumber companies based in St. Louis. In 1856 construction began on a boom site two miles north of Stillwater. It was used to hold and sort the logs floating downstream. The boom was in operation for over fifty years. The St. Croix Boom Site is now a wayside rest and National Historic Landmark along Minnesota State Highway 95.

There were vast white pine forests in the upper St. Croix river valley. They provided the forest products that built the towns along Lake St. Croix, Minneapolis and St. Paul. The St. Croix along with the forests in Red Cedar, Chippewa, and Rum valleys provided supplies for the building of Winona, Minnesota, Davenport, Iowa, Rock Island, Illinois, and St. Louis.

The lumber industry continued to grow throughout the latter half of the nineteenth century, with larger log drives in the spring caused dangers to navigation on the river above Stillwater. Logs were frequently caught in log jams at the narrow parts of the St. Croix River near St. Croix Falls. In 1883 the blockade was so severe it took almost two months before the flow of logs was re-established. At its peak in 1890, logging in the St. Croix River valley produced of lumber and logs. The lumber industry continued until the last major log drive in 1912 marked the end of the rich white pine forests of the area.

It was along the banks of the St. Croix, in the milltown of Stillwater, that the state of Minnesota was first proposed in 1848.

The St. Croix River starts in the northwestern corner of Wisconsin. It flows out of Upper St. Croix Lake in Douglas County. The lake is near Solon Springs, approximately south of Lake Superior. The St. Croix flows south into Gordon, then southwest. It is joined by the Namekagon River in northern Burnett County. A few miles downstream the St. Croix meets the boundary between Minnesota and Wisconsin. It marks that boundary for another until its confluence with the Mississippi River.

The St. Croix River was one of the original eight rivers to be protected by the National Wild and Scenic Rivers Act of 1968. The upper parts of the river for the first and the Namekagon River are protected as the "St. Croix National Scenic Riverway". The only interruption is a hydroelectric dam operated by the Northern States Power Company at St. Croix Falls, Wisconsin. The lower , including both sides of the river along the Minnesota-Wisconsin border, were protected as part of the "Lower St. Croix National Scenic Riverway". 

Barbara Palvin

Barbara Palvin (, born 8 October 1993) is a Hungarian Supermodel and actress. 
She started her career in 2010 by walking the runway for a Prada fashion show. Miuccia Prada chose her to walk exclusively for her brand.

In 2012, she became a spokesmodel for L'Oréal and walked the Victoria's Secret fashion show. 

In 2014, she portrayed Antimache in "Hercules". She is married to American actor Dylan Sprouse since 2023.

Stillwater, Minnesota

Stillwater is a city in Washington County, Minnesota. It is on the St. Croix River directly across from the state of Wisconsin. The population was 19,394 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat. Stillwater is part of the Twin Cities Metro Area.

On July 29 and September 29, 1837, treaties were signed between the US government and the local Ojibwa and Dakota nations. They allowed settlement in the St. Croix River Valley. The town was founded by settlers drawn by the area's then-abundant lumber and river traffic. It is one of Minnesota's oldest towns, preceding Minneapolis by several years. Stillwater was officially incorporated as a city on March 4, 1854 (the same day as St. Paul). The city was named for the calm waters of the St. Croix River.

Stillwater is often called the birthplace of Minnesota. In 1848, a territorial convention that began the process of establishing Minnesota as a state was held in Stillwater. The convention selected three leading Minnesota cities as locations for three important public institutions. Minneapolis got the University of Minnesota, Saint Paul became the capital, and Stillwater was chosen as the site of the territory's first prison. The Minnesota Territorial Prison was opened in 1853.
Lumbering was the main industry in the St. Croix River Valley in the second half of the nineteenth century. For many years logs were sent down the St. Croix river, collected at the St. Croix Boom Site two miles upstream of Stillwater, and processed in Stillwater's many sawmills. Steamboats were used most widely from 1860 to 1890, and a few are still used for entertainment today. 

Stillwater sent men of the 1st Minnesota Volunteer Infantry Company B and the 8th Minnesota Volunteer Infantry Regiment Company C to fight during the American Civil War.

Alan Purwin

Alan David Purwin (c. 1962 – September 11, 2015) was an American helicopter pilot, entrepreneur and philanthropist. He was known for being the aerial movie operator "Transformers", "Star Trek", and "Jurassic World". Purwin was born in Los Angeles, California.

On September 11, 2015, Purwin died as a passenger in a plane crash near Santa Fe de Antioquia, Colombia, during the shooting of the movie "Mena". He was 53 years old.

National Botanic Garden of Israel

National Botanic Garden of Israel (official name: The Botanical Garden for the Native Plants of Israel in memory of Montague Lamport, in ) is a botanic garden located in Mount Scopus in Jerusalem. The garden is dedicated to the plants of Israel.

The botanic garden was opened in 1931 by Otto Warburg and Alexander Eig. They were the founders of the botanic department of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. After Mount Scopus was isolated from Israel in 1948, they decided to create a new botanical garden in West Jerusalem, in Givat Ram. The new garden, Jerusalem Botanical Gardens, was opened in 1954.

The National Botanic Garden of Israel is also an archaeological park. It has many Jewish burial caves from the Second Temple period. In the southern part of the garden there is a famous cave called the Tomb of Nicanor. The cave is also burial place of two Zionist activists: Leon Pinsker and Menachem Ussishkin.



Willi Fuggerer

Willi Fuggerer (11 September 1941 – September 2015) was a German track cyclist. He was born in Nuremberg. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in the 2000 m tandem and 1000 m sprint and finished in third and fifth place, respectively. 

Antoine Lahad

Antoine Lahad (1927 – 10 September 2015) was a Lebanese general and leader of the South Lebanon Army (SLA) from 1984 until 2000.

Lahad died in Paris on 10 September 2015 from a heart attack, aged 88.

Adrian Frutiger

Adrian Frutiger (May 24, 1928 – September 12, 2015) was a Swiss typeface designer. He was known for typing name of cities and towns on road signs. His most famous signs designs include Univers, Frutiger and Avenir. He was born in Unterseen, Switzerland.

Frutiger died in Bremgarten bei Bern, Switzerland, aged 87.

Hudson, Wisconsin

Hudson is a city in and the county seat of St. Croix County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 United States census, its population was 12,719. It is part of the Minneapolis–St. Paul Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA). Hudson is bordered on the north by the village of North Hudson and the Willow River. On the North and East is the township of Hudson. To the south is the township of Troy. It is bounded on the west by the St. Croix River.

Hudson was settled in the summer of 1840 by Louis Massey and his brother in-law, Peter Bouchea. William Steets arrived at about the same time. Later that same year, Joseph Sauperson (commonly known as Joe LaGrue) moved there. These four are considered Hudson's original inhabitants. Massey and Bouchea settled at the mouth of the Willow River, near the present-day First and St. Croix Streets. They had been part of the group who lived for some time along the river below Fort Snelling. This appears on some old maps as "Massey's Landing". The 1840s saw a few settlers arriving here — Captain John Page, the Nobles brothers, Dr. Philip Aldrich, Ammah Andrews, Moses Perrin, Colonel James Hughes, Daniel Anderson, and others.

Hudson was originally called "Willow River". It was later named "Buena Vista" by Judge Joel Foster, founder of River Falls. This was after he returned from the Mexican–American War where he fought in the Battle of Buena Vista. In 1852, Alfred D. Gray, Hudson's first mayor, petitioned to change the name of the city to "Hudson", because the bluffs along the St. Croix River reminded him of the Hudson River in his native New York.

A large number of settlers arrived in the 1850s and 1860s. Many of were the ancestors of today's residents. The lumber industry was the prime attraction of the area. Over time sawmills were started throughout the St. Croix Valley.

On August 30, 1917 a violent mob of 1,000 held a night rally in front of the armory. They were protesting the attempt by the pacifist People's Council of America to hold a conference in Hudson's prizefighting arena. The crowd then went after the four wiktorganizers in the lobby of their hotel and threatened to hang them. Only after the pleadings of county attorney N. O. Varnum were the four allowed to leave town.

U.S. Highway 12 once crossed the St. Croix River on a toll bridge between Wisconsin and Minnesota, which provided revenue for the town. With the construction of Interstate 94, the toll bridge was removed. The long causeway extending to the former bridge location is now open to the public as a pedestrian walkway.
Hudson has grown as a tourist destination in recent years. There are shops and restaurants on the St. Croix river in its historic downtown, along with hotels and other businesses that serve traffic on Interstate Highway 94.

River Falls, Wisconsin

River Falls is a city in Pierce and St. Croix counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. It is located mostly within the Town of River Falls in Pierce County. A small part lies within the Town of Kinnickinnic in St. Croix County. River Falls is the most populous city in Pierce county. The population was 15,000 at the 2010 census. It is divided by 11,851 living in Pierce County, and 3,149 in St. Croix County. It is part of the Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan area. River Falls is the home of the University of Wisconsin–River Falls.

Doug Sahm

Douglas Wayne Sahm (November 6, 1941 – November 18, 1999), was an American musician. He was born in San Antonio, Texas. He was a child prodigy in country music. He later became best known in roots rock, tejano music, Americana and other genres. 

He was the lead singer of a popular 1960s rock and roll band, the Sir Douglas Quintet. He later formed a Tex Mex band with Augie Meyers, Freddy Fender and Flaco Jimenez. 

Sahm started his musical career singing and playing steel guitar, mandolin and violin. He first sang on the radio at age five. He recorded his first song, "A
Real American Joe", at age eleven. On December 19, 1952, when he was eleven, he played on stage with Hank Williams Sr. at the Skyline Club in Austin, Texas. It was Hank Williams's last time playing. He died on New Year's Day of 1953. He died of heart failure while on the road to his next show in Canton, Ohio. 

When he was thirteen, Sahm was invited to join the Grand Ole Opry, but his mother wanted him to finish junior high school. When he was a teenager, he started sneaking into San Antonio rhythm and blues bars to play music.

In 1965, Sahm formed the band, Sir Douglas Quintet, with a childhood friend, Augie Meyers. A record producer picked the band's name so they would seem British. At the time, music from Britain was so popular in the United States, it had a name: "British invasion". The British name only helped a little. Sahm had a Texas accent and two band members were Hispanic. Some early photographs of the band tried to hide this from music fans.

The band had a Top Twenty US hit with "She's About a Mover". It also made the Top Twenty in the UK Singles Chart. 

Bob Dylan liked the group's sound and said: "Look, for me right now there are three groups: Butterfield Blues Band, The Byrds and the Sir Douglas Quintet."

The band broke up after an arrest for having marijuana, in Corpus Christi, Texas. 

After the breakup, Sahm moved to San Francisco to begin a blues band. Later, he and Augie Meyers got back together as Sir Douglas Quintet, with new members. They recorded a successful album and single, both named "Mendocino". 

In 1973, Jerry Wexler of Atlantic Records produced Sahm's first solo album, "Doug Sahm and Band". Bob Dylan, Dr. John and Flaco Jiménez also played on the album. Wexler said: "Then in October 1972, Dylan was in the studio with Doug Sahm... Dylan having been friendly with Sahm since the mid-sixties and having expressed enthusiasm for the Sir Douglas Quintet on more than one occasion".

Sahm also played on recordings by other artists during this time, including The Grateful Dead and Willie Nelson.

In 1989, Sahm started the Tex-Mex supergroup, the Texas Tornados, with Freddy Fender, Augie Meyers, and Flaco Jimenez. They recorded seven albums. These included two live ones, and a "Best of" collection. Their first album won a Grammy for Best Mexican-American Performance for their song "Soy de San Luis", in 1991. 

Sahm played on the 1993 Uncle Tupelo album "Anodyne", on the song "Give Back the Key to my Heart". He also recorded a Grammy-winning solo album, "The Last Real Texas Blues Band", in 1994.

Sahm died of a myocardial infarction while asleep in a motel room in Taos, New Mexico, on November 18, 1999. He is buried in Sunset Memorial Park in San Antonio.

A posthumous album, "The Return of Wayne Douglas", was released in 2000. Sahm's son, Shawn, leads his own Tex Mex band. They were on the cover of Rolling Stone in 1968, as father and son. Doug Sahm's other son, Shandon Sahm, is the drummer for the Meat Puppets as of 2010.

Sahm has been named into in the South Texas Music Walk of Fame. In 2008, he was inducted into the Austin Music Memorial, in the first group.
He also was given the Americana Music Association (AMA)'s Presidents Award in 2002.

In 2008, Austin, Texas approved the naming of Doug Sahm Hill, in a park near Lady Bird Lake, to honor him.

In October 2012, Steve Earle played a tribute to Sahm at Hardly Strictly Bluegrass Festival in Golden Gate Park. His group played several of Sahm's Americana songs.

A documentary movie, "Sir Doug & the Genuine Texas Cosmic Groove", premiered at South by Southwest (SXSW) music festival. This was in Austin, Texas on March 19, 2015.



Yamaha DX7

Yamaha DX7 is a digital programmable musical synthesizer. It was first made and released in 1983. The Yamaha DX7 ROM-4A patch "Synthbrass" was heard in the Corey Hart song "Sunglasses at Night".

Yamaha TX7 is a keyboardless sound module and rack version of Yamaha DX7 and was made in 1985 and released in 1985-present. Editing cannot be done on the front side but must be done through MIDI using the DX7 Keyboard or a computer. Software such as Unisyn can be used to edit. It has been used by producers like Genesis, Human League and Spice Girls.

Kinnickinnic River (St. Croix River)

The Kinnickinnic River, called the Kinni for short, is a river in northwestern Wisconsin in the United States. The Kinni is a cold water fishery supporting a population of native Brook Trout and naturally reproducing Brown Trout. The Kinnickinnic River is officially designated as a Class I trout stream by the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources. This means it is a "high quality" trout water that has populations of wild trout. Also, these streams do not need stocking with hatchery trout.

The main recreational activity on the upper part of the Kinnickinnic River is trout fishing. Nearer to River Falls downtown, walking, hiking, running, mountain biking along the trails are popular activities. The City is also a Bird City and attracts a number of birders along the river. Kayaking along the lower parts of the river has become popular.

Mecca crane collapse

On 11 September 2015, a mobile crawler crane accidentally fell onto the Masjid al-Haram in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. At least 118 people were killed and another 394 were injured. The victims were mostly foreigners, among the injured and dead included citizens of Indonesia, Turkey, Iran, Egypt, Algeria, Bangladesh, Pakistan, India, Malaysia, Afghanistan, Morocco, Iraq, Nigeria and the United Kingdom.

William French Smith

William French Smith (August 26, 1917 – October 29, 1990) was an American lawyer. He was the 74th United States Attorney General serving from 1981 through 1985.


Dick Thornburgh

Richard Lewis "Dick" Thornburgh (July 16, 1932 – December 31, 2020) was an American lawyer and Republican politician. He served as the 41st Governor of Pennsylvania from 1979 to 1987, and then as the U.S. Attorney General from 1988 to 1991.

Thornburg resigned as Attorney General to run for the United States Senate in Pennsylvania in 1991, but lost to Democratic Harris Wofford.

Thornburgh died on December 31, 2020 in Verona, Pennsylvania at the age of 88.


James G. Watt

James Gaius Watt (January 31, 1938 – May 27, 2023) was an American lawyer and politician. He was United States Secretary of the Interior from 1981 to 1983. He was called an "anti-environmentalist". He was one of Ronald Reagan's most controversial cabinet appointments. Watt resigned after saying a controversial remark about affirmative action.

In 1995, Watt was indicted on 18 counts of felony perjury and obstruction of justice for making false statements before a federal grand jury. He was sentenced to five years probation. 

Watt died on May 27, 2023 in Arizona at the age of 85.


Donald P. Hodel

Donald Paul Hodel (born May 23, 1935) is an American politician and businessman. He is the former United States Secretary of Energy and former Secretary of the Interior. He served in the Ronald Reagan cabinet. He is Chairman of the company FreeEats.com/ccAdvertising.

John Rusling Block

John Rusling Block (born February 15, 1935) is an American politician. He served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture under President Ronald Reagan from 1981 through 1986. He later became a lobbyist.


Richard Edmund Lyng

Richard Edmund Lyng (June 29, 1918 – February 1, 2003) was an American politician. As a Republican, he served as the United States Secretary of Agriculture between 1986 and 1989 under the Ronald Reagan administration.

Lyng died of complications from Parkinson's disease in Modesto, California, on February 1, 2003.

Malcolm Baldrige Jr.

Howard Malcolm "Mac" Baldrige, Jr. (October 4, 1922 – July 25, 1987) was an American businessman. He served as the United States Secretary of Commerce from 1981 until his death in 1987.

Baldrige died from injuries he suffered from a rodeo competition in Walnut Creek, California, aged 64.


William Verity Jr.

Calvin William Verity, Jr. (January 26, 1917 – January 3, 2007) was an American administrator and steel industrialist. He served as the Secretary of Commerce between 1987 and 1989, under President Ronald Reagan.

He died on January 3, 2007, a complications of pneumonia, in Beaufort, South Carolina, at the age of 89.

Raymond J. Donovan

Raymond James "Ray" Donovan (August 31, 1930 – June 2, 2021) was an American businessman and politician. He served as U.S. Secretary of Labor under President Reagan from 1981 until 1985. Donovan was born in Bayonne, New Jersey.

Donovan died on June 2, 2021 in New Vernon, New Jersey from congestive heart failure at the age of 90.


Ann McLaughlin Korologos

Ann McLaughlin Korologos (born Ann Lauenstein; November 16, 1941 — January 30, 2023), formerly known as Ann Dore McLaughlin, is an American politician. She was the United States Secretary of Labor from 1987 to 1989.


Margaret Heckler

Margaret Mary Heckler (June 21, 1931 – August 6, 2018) was an American Republican politician from Massachusetts.

She served in the United States House of Representatives for eight terms, from 1967 until 1983 and was later the Secretary of Health and Human Services and Ambassador to Ireland under President Ronald Reagan. After her defeat in 1982, no woman would be elected to Congress from Massachusetts until Niki Tsongas in a special election in 2007.

Heckler died at a hospital in Arlington, Virginia from a heart attack on August 6, 2018 at the age of 87.


John S. Herrington

John Stewart Herrington (born May 31, 1939) is an American Republican politician. He served as the United States Secretary of Energy under Ronald Reagan during his second term.


Kenneth Duberstein

Kenneth M. Duberstein (April 21, 1944 – March 2, 2022) was an American politician and lobbyist. He served as U.S. President Ronald Reagan's White House Chief of Staff from 1988 to 1989.

Duberstein died at a hospital in Washington, D.C. on March 2, 2022 at the age of 77.

David Stockman

David Alan Stockman (born November 10, 1946) is a former businessman and American politician. He served as a Republican U.S. Representative from the state of Michigan (1977–1981) and as the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (1981–1985) under President Ronald Reagan.

James C. Miller III

James Clifford Miller III (born June 25, 1942, in Atlanta, Georgia) is a former U.S. government official and economist. He served as chairman of the Federal Trade Commission between 1981 and 1985 and as Budget Director for President Ronald Reagan between 1985 and 1988. He also ran for United States Senate in Virginia, losing the Republican nomination at the convention to Oliver North in 1994 and losing the nomination in the primary to John Warner in 1996.

Joseph Robert Wright, Jr.

Joseph Robert "Joe" Wright, Jr. (born 1938) is an American businessman and politician. He served as Director of the Office of Management and Budget from 1988 through 1989.


Clayton Keith Yeutter

Clayton Keith Yeutter, ONZM (December 10, 1930 – March 4, 2017) was an American politician. He served as United States Secretary of Agriculture under President George H. W. Bush from 1989 to 1991 before serving as Counselor to the President in 1992. He served as United States Trade Representative from 1985 to 1989 and as Chairman for the Republican National Committee from 1991 until 1992.

Yeutter died from colorectal cancer in Potomac, Maryland on March 4, 2017, aged 86.


William Ruckelshaus

William Doyle Ruckelshaus (July 24, 1932 – November 27, 2019) was an American attorney and government official. He worked during the Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan presidencies. He was known for resigning under the Nixon administration after he refused to carryout Nixon's orders to fire key investigators of the Watergate Scandal.

Ruckelshaus was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. He studied at Harvard University and at Princeton University.

He served as the first head of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in 1970, was subsequently acting Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and then Deputy Attorney General of the United States. During 1983 through 1985 he returned as EPA Administrator.

In 1968, he ran for the United States Senate in Indiana, but narrowly lost the election to Birch Bayh with 51.7% to 48.2%.

In November 2015, Ruckelshaus was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama during a ceremony at the White House.

Ruckelshaus died at his home in Medina, Washington on November 27, 2019 at the age of 87.


Lee M. Thomas

Lee Muller Thomas (born June 13, 1944) was head of the United States Environmental Protection Agency from 1985 to 1989 under President Ronald Reagan. He succeeded William Ruckelshaus. He is a Republican.

Anne Gorsuch Burford

Anne Gorsuch Burford (April 21, 1942 – July 18, 2004), also known as Anne M. Gorsuch, was an American attorney and politician. Between 1981 and 1983, while known as Anne M. Gorsuch, she served under President Ronald Reagan as the first female Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). She was born in Casper, Wyoming.

Burford was married to David Gorsuch from 1964 until they divorced in 1982. They had two children, including Judge Neil Gorsuch, who is President Donald Trump's nominee to United States Supreme Court. In 1983, she married Robert Burford. He died in 1993. They had one child.

Burford died in Aurora, Colorado from cancer on July 18, 2004, aged 62.


Beryl Wayne Sprinkel

Beryl Wayne Sprinkel (November 20, 1923 – August 22, 2009) was a member of the Executive Office of the US President and chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors (CEA) between April 4, 1985 and January 21, 1989, during the Reagan administration.

Murray Weidenbaum

Murray Lew Weidenbaum (February 10, 1927 – March 20, 2014), was an American economist. He was the Edward Mallinckrodt Distinguished University Professor and Honorary Chairman of the Murray Weidenbaum Center on the Economy, Government, and Public Policy at Washington University in St. Louis.

He has served as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy (19691971). He was chairman of President Ronald Reagan's first Council of Economic Advisors from 1981–1982.

Jarryd Hayne

Jarryd Lee Hayne (born 15 February 1988) is an Australian American football player and former rugby league player. He used to play for the San Francisco 49ers in the National Football League (NFL). During his time playing rugby league, he played for the Parramatta Eels of the National Rugby League (NRL) from 2006 until 2014.

Hayne was born in Sydney, New South Wales. His father is Manoa Thompson, a Fijian rugby league player, and an Australian mother, Jodie. He has three siblings.

Martin Feldstein

Martin Stuart "Marty" Feldstein (November 25, 1939 – June 11, 2019) was an American economist. He was the George F. Baker Professor of Economics at Harvard University, and the president emeritus of the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER). 
He served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the NBER from 1978 through 2008. From 1982 to 1984, Feldstein served as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers and as chief economic advisor to President Ronald Reagan (where his deficit hawk views clashed with Reagan administration economic policies). 

He was a member of the Washington-based financial advisory body the Group of Thirty, becoming a member in 2003. Feldstein died on June 11, 2019 from cancer in Belmont, Massachusetts, aged 79.


Tabachnik National Garden

Tabachnik National Garden is a national park located on Mount Scopus in Jerusalem. The garden has some Jewish burial caves from the Second Temple period (between 530 BC and 70 AD). It also has two smaller cemeteries. There is a memorial wall for the students of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem who died in defending of the State of Israel. 


Background radiation

Background radiation is the natural radiation we get by living on Earth. There are many naturally occurring radioactive isotopes which decay over time. They release radioactive particles or radiation into the surroundings. We call this "background radiation".

The biggest source of natural background radiation is radon in the air. This radioactive gas comes from the ground. Radon and its isotopes, parent radionuclides, and decay products make up most of the radiation we get.

Radioactive material is found throughout nature. It occurs naturally in soil, rocks, water, air, and vegetation, from which it is taken into the body. Humans also get radiation from radioactive materials outside the body and from cosmic radiation from space.

The worldwide average natural dose to humans is about 2.4 millisievert (mSv) per year. This is four times the worldwide average artificial radiation exposure, which in 2008 amounted to about 0.6 mSv per year. In addition there are X-rays and other forms of medical imaging. In Europe, average natural background exposure by country ranges from under 2 mSv annually in the United Kingdom to more than 7 mSv annually for some groups of people in Finland.

The Preacher's Wife

The Preacher's Wife is a 1996 American Christmas romantic comedy movie starring Denzel Washington, Whitney Houston, and Courtney B. Vance. It is a remake of the 1947 film "The Bishop's Wife".

Lake View Terrace, Los Angeles

Lake View Terrace is a suburb district in the northeastern part of the San Fernando Valley region of the City of Los Angeles, California. The area hosts a large equestrian community. It is one of the few remaining areas in the city that has private homes zoned for keeping horses.


List of districts and neighborhoods in Los Angeles

This is a list of the notable districts and neighborhoods of the city of Los Angeles, California.


Hollywood (disambiguation)

Hollywood is a district of Los Angeles, California, which lent its name to the American motion-picture industry.

Hollywood may also refer to:





Northern Zazaki

Northern Zazaki (in Zaza langauge known as: "Zazakiyê Zımey", "Kırmancki" or "Zonê Ma") is one of main dialects of the Zaza language. This dialect is spoken in eastern provinces of Republic of Turkey. This includes Tunceli (mainly), Erzincan, Sivas, Erzurum and some places in Gümüşhane. Northern Zazaki is spoken by more than 140,000 people in places where northern Zazas living.

Southern Zazaki

Southern Zazaki (in Zaza langauge known as: "Dımılki" or "Zazakiyê Veroci") is one of main dialects of the Zaza language. This dialect is spoken in southeastern provinces of Republic of Turkey such as Şanlıurfa (mainly in Siverek), Diyarbakır, Bitlis and Adıyaman. Southern Zazaki is spoken by more than 1,500,000 people in places where southern Zazas (known as Dimlis) living.

Michael Brandon

Michael Brandon (born Michael Feldman; April 20, 1945) is an American actor and voice actor who resides in London and Los Angeles.

Brandon was born Michael Feldman in Brooklyn, New York to Miriam (née Tumen) and Sol Feldman. At age nine, he and his family (brother Elliot and sister Debra Lynne) moved to Valley Stream, New York where he attended Memorial Junior High and then Valley Stream Central High School.

He married actress Lindsay Wagner in 1976. The marriage ended in a divorce in 1979 after 3 years of marriage. Since 1989, Brandon has been married to actress Glynis Barber, together they have a son named Alexander Max Brandon who was born in November of 1992.

Mercury Records

Mercury Records was a record label which produces music in the United States. Mercury Records is owned by Universal Music Group. In the United Kingdom, the label is known as Virgin EMI Records. Def Jam Recordings used to be a part of Mercury Records. But, Def Jam Recordings separated from the Mercury Records.

Mercury Record Corporation was founded in Chicago, Illinois, in 1945. Four people founded the label: Irving Green, Berle Adams, Ray Greenberg and Arthur Talmadge. All four founders used a variety of music, including jazz and blues, classical music, rock and roll, and country music.

Currently, Mercury Records has five record labels, Mercury Records, Mercury Records (UK), Mercury Records (Australia), Mercury Classics, and Mercury Nashville.

Many artists are represented on Mercury Records.


Frederick II

Emperor Frederick II might refer to:

Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor

Frederick II (26 December 1194 – 13 December 1250), was one of the most powerful Holy Roman Emperors of the Middle Ages and head of the House of Hohenstaufen. His political and cultural ambitions, based in Sicily and stretching through Italy to Germany, and even to Jerusalem, were enormous. However, his enemies, especially the popes, prevailed, and his dynasty collapsed soon after his death. Historians have searched for superlatives to describe him, as in the case of Professor Donald Detwiler, who wrote: 
Viewing himself as a direct successor to the Roman Emperors of Antiquity, he was Emperor of the Romans from his papal coronation in 1220 until his death; he was also a claimant to the title of King of the Romans from 1212 and unopposed holder of that monarchy from 1215. As such, he was King of Germany, of Italy, and of Burgundy. At the age of three, he was crowned King of Sicily as a co-ruler with his mother, Constance of Hauteville, the daughter of Roger II of Sicily. His other royal title was King of Jerusalem by virtue of marriage and his connection with the Sixth Crusade.

He was frequently at war with the Papacy, hemmed in between Frederick's lands in northern Italy and his Kingdom of Sicily (the "Regno") to the south, and thus he was excommunicated four times and often vilified in pro-papal chronicles of the time and since. Pope Gregory IX went so far as to call him an Antichrist.

Speaking six languages (Latin, Sicilian, German, French, Greek and Arabic), Frederick was an avid patron of science and the arts. He played a major role in promoting literature through the Sicilian School of poetry. His Sicilian royal court in Palermo, from around 1220 to his death, saw the first use of a literary form of an Italo-Romance language, Sicilian. The poetry that emanated from the school had a significant influence on literature and on what was to become the modern Italian language. The school and its poetry were saluted by Dante and his peers and predate by at least a century the use of the Tuscan idiom as the elite literary language of Italy.

He was also the first king who explicitly outlawed trials by ordeal as they were considered "irrational".

After his death, his line quickly died out and the House of Hohenstaufen came to an end.

Norman Farberow

Norman L. Farberow (February 12, 1918 – September 10, 2015) was an American psychologist. He was one of the founding fathers of modern suicidology. He was among the three founders in 1958 of the Los Angeles Suicide Prevention Center, which became a base of research into the causes and prevention of suicide.

Farberow died at the age of 97 on September 10, 2015, World Suicide Prevention Day in Los Angeles, California.

Moses Malone

Moses Eugene Malone (March 23, 1955 – September 13, 2015) was an American basketball player who played in both the American Basketball Association (ABA) and the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1974 through 1995. He was a member of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.

Malone played for the Buffalo Braves (1976), the Houston Rockets (1976-1982), the Philadelphia 76ers (1982-1986; 1993-1994), the Washington Wizards (1986-1988), the Atlanta Hawks (1988-1991), the Milwaukee Bucks (1991-1993), and the San Antonio Spurs (1994-1995). He was a three-time NBA Most Valuable Player.

Malone died suddenly from heart disease in Norfolk, Virginia at the age of 60.


Hamadryas baboon

The hamadryas baboon ("Papio hamadryas") is a species of baboon from the Old World monkey family. It is the northernmost of all the baboons. It lives in the Horn of Africa and the southwestern tip of the Arabian Peninsula. These regions have fewer natural predators than central or southern Africa, where other baboons live.

The hamadryas baboon was a sacred animal in ancient Egypt.

Peter Ueberroth

Peter Victor Ueberroth (; born September 2, 1937) is an American executive. He served as the sixth Commissioner of Baseball from 1984 to 1989. He was the chairman of the United States Olympic Committee before being replaced by Larry Probst in October 2008.

Andrew Grove

Andrew Stephen "Andy" Grove (András István Gróf, 2 September 1936 – 21 March 2016), was a Hungarian-born American businessman, engineer, and author. He was a science pioneer in the semiconductor industry.

He escaped from Communist-controlled Hungary at the age of 20 and moved to the United States where he finished his education. He later became CEO of Intel Corporation and helped transform the company into the world's largest manufacturer of semiconductors. As a result of his work at Intel, along with his books and professional articles, Grove had a considerable influence on electronics manufacturing industries worldwide. Andrew Grove has been called the "guy who drove the growth phase" of .

Andrew Grove was born in Budapest (Hungary) in 1936 to a Jewish family. When he was eight, the Nazis and deported nearly 500,000 Jews to concentration camps. To avoid being arrested, Grove and his mother took on false identities and were sheltered by friends.

During the , when he was 20, Andrew emigrated to the United States. In 1960 he received a bachelor's degree in chemical technology from the City College, New York. . In 1963, Grove received his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley.

In 1968, Robert Noyce and Gordon Moore co-founded Intel, after they and Grove left Fairchild Semiconductor. Grove joined on the day of its incorporation, although it was not a founder according to the company. In 1979 he became Intel president, in 1987 its executive director, and in 1997 its executive director and chairman of the board of directors. In May 1998, Grove resigned as CEO, remaining chairman of the board.



David Ho

David Da-i Ho (; born November 3, 1952) is a Taiwanese-American HIV/AIDS researcher. He was famous for understanding the treatment of HIV infection. He is the scientific director and chief executive officer of the Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center and the Irene Diamond Professor at Rockefeller University in New York City.

Peace makers

Peacemakers are people or a group of people involved in peacemaking. It is often in countries affected by war, violent conflict, and political instability under international law. There can be different levels of peace makers. Presidents or Prime ministers trying to reach a deal, activists, and even authors. People who are involved in peacemaking can win the Nobel Peace Prize.


Ted Hartley

Theodore Ringwalt "Ted" Hartley (born November 6, 1924) is an American actor, producer, and businessman. He is the CEO of RKO Pictures. 

He was married to heiress, actress and philanthropist Dina Merrill from 1989 until her death in 2017.


Joint-stock company

A joint-stock company is a business owned by people called shareholders. Each shareholder owns company stock in proportion to the number of their shares (certificates of ownership). Some shareholders may own a larger proportion of a company's share than others. Shareholders are able to transfer their shares to others without any effects on the continued existence of the company.

Incorporation, a legal process, gives a company a legal personality separate from shareholders, and limited liability. This means the shareholders are only liable for the company's debts to the value of the money they invested in the company. So, joint-stock companies are commonly known as corporations or limited companies.

Finding the earliest joint-stock company is a matter of definition. Around 1250 in France at Toulouse, 96 shares of the "Société des Moulins du Bazacle" (Bazacle Milling Company) were traded at a value that depended on the profitability of the Society's mills. This was probably the first company of its kind in history.

The much more famous, wealthy and powerful English (later British) East India Company was granted an English Royal Charter by Elizabeth I on 31 December 1600. The Royal Charter gave the newly created "Honourable East India Company" a 15-year monopoly on all trade in the East Indies. The Company transformed from a commercial trading venture to one which ruled India.

In 1602, the Dutch East India Company issued shares that were made tradable on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange. This invention helped joint-stock companies to attract capital from investors as they could now easily trade their shares. In 1612 it became the first 'corporation' in intercontinental trade with 'locked in' capital and limited liability.

The type of company most often referred to by the word "corporation" is a publicly traded corporation. In this type of company the shares are traded on a public stock exchange. For example, shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange or Nasdaq in the United States. This is where shares of stock of corporations are bought and sold by and to the general public. Most of the largest businesses in the world are publicly traded corporations. However, the majority of corporations are said to be closely held, privately held or close corporations. This means that no ready market exists for the trading of shares. Many such corporations are owned and managed by a small group of businesspeople or companies. They can also be as vast as the largest public corporations.

Closely held corporations have some advantages over publicly traded corporations. A small, closely held company can often make decisions much more rapidly than a publicly traded company, because there will generally be fewer voting shareholders or the shareholders would have common interests. A publicly traded company is also at the mercy of the market. It can have capital flow in and out based on what the company is doing and also what the competitors are doing. Publicly traded companies also have advantages over their closely held counterparts. Publicly traded companies often have more working capital. They can also delegate debt throughout all shareholders. This means shareholders of publicly traded company will each take a much smaller hit to their returns as opposed to those involved with a closely held corporation. Publicly traded companies though suffer from this exact advantage. A closely held corporation can often stand a hit to profit with little or no long-term effect. A publicly traded company though often comes under extreme scrutiny if profit and growth are not evident to stock holders. If profits go down stock holders may sell, further damaging the company. Often this blow is enough to make a small public company fail.

Neutral particle

In physics, a neutral particle is a particle with no electric charge.

Long-lived neutral particles do not decay for a very long time. Examples of such particles include photons, neutrons, and neutrinos.

Other neutral particles are very short-lived. They decay before they can be detected by a particle detector. They have been observed only indirectly, such as tracks of ionized particles in a particle accelerator. They include:



Mark Cuban

Mark Cuban (born July 31, 1958) is an American businessman, investor, movie producer, author, television personality and philanthropist. He is the owner of the NBA's Dallas Mavericks, Landmark Theatres, and Magnolia Pictures, and the chairman of the HDTV cable network AXS TV.

As of September 2015, Cuban has publicly expressed interest in running for president in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, citing that he "could beat both Trump and Clinton". He later decided not to run. On October 9, 2015, Cuban announced his intentions to run for Speaker of the House to replace John Boehner.

Corneliu Vadim Tudor

Corneliu Vadim Tudor (; 28 November 1949 – 14 September 2015) was a Romanian politician. He was the leader of the Greater Romania Party ("Partidul România Mare"), poet, writer, journalist and a Member of the European Parliament. He was a Romanian Senator from 1992 to 2008. He died of a heart attack.

Brazil at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Brazil competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September 2012. Brazil the next host of the Summer Paralympics, holding the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro.




Brazil has qualified for the football 5-a-side tournament.


Rank:
01 !

Brazil has qualified for the football 7-a-side tournament.






Rank:
02 !
















Adam Deadmarsh

Adam Richard Deadmarsh (born May 10, 1975) is a Canadian-American retired professional ice hockey right winger. Deadmarsh played parts of 10 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, and Los Angeles Kings.

Deadmarsh played for Team USA during the 1996 World Cup of Hockey, the 1998 Winter Olympics, and the 2002 Winter Olympics. He won a gold medal in 1996 and a silver medal in 2002.

Before playing in the NHL, Deadmarsh played 4 seasons with the Portland Winter Hawks of the Western Hockey League (WHL). He was drafted with the 14th overall pick by the Quebec Nordiques in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft. 

He played 1 season with them and stayed with the franchise when they relocated to Denver, Colorado to become the Colorado Avalanche. During his time with the Avalanche, Deadmarsh won the Stanley Cup in 1996. His name was misspelled as "Deadmarch" when the names were being added to the Cup. It was the first time that a misspelling on the Stanley Cup had ever been corrected.

On February 21, 2001, the Avalanche traded Deadmarsh along with Aaron Miller in exchange for Jared Aulin, and Colorado's first round pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft (Dave Steckel) for Rob Blake and Steven Reinprecht. During round one of the 2001 Stanley Cup Playoffs, Deadmarsh scored an overtime goal which caused the Kings defeat the very favoured Detroit Red Wings. The Kings would lose against his old team, the Avalanche, in seven games. The Avalanche would end up winning their second Stanley Cup.

Deadmarsh would miss most of the 2002–03 NHL season because of a concussion and missed the whole 2003–04 NHL seasonbecause of another concussion. He also did not play the next season because of the 2004–05 NHL lockout. On September 22, 2005, he announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey. On March 20, 2006, Deadmarsh was honoured before a game between the Avalanche and Kings at Staples Center.


Éric Dazé

Éric Dazé (born July 2, 1975) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey left winger. Dazé played 11 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL), all with the Chicago Blackhawks.

Before playing in the NHL, Dazé played parts of 5 seasons in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL); 2 with the Hull Olympiques and 3 with the Beauport Harfangs. He was drafted with the 90th overall pick by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft.

In 1995, he was a member of the gold medal winning team at the World Junior Ice Hockey Championships. After he scored 30 goals as a rookie, he was named to the NHL All-Rookie Team in 1996. In 2002, Dazé was chosen to play in his first NHL All-Star Game. He recorded 2 goals and 1 assist and was named the game's MVP. He became the first Blackhawk player to win the award since Bobby Hull did so in 1971.

Dazé suffered from severe back problems during his career and he only played 19 games in the 2003–04 NHL season. On March 20, 2010, He officially announced that he was retiring from professional ice hockey during the Comcast Sportsnet pregame show before the Blackhawks game.

Echo (Leona Lewis album)

Echo is the second studio album by English singer Leona Lewis. It was released in November 2009 by Syco.

The music on "Echo" is a mixture of Europop and R&B. It also has a Cover version of the Oasis song "Stop Crying Your Heart Out" Two singles were released from the album. One of them was the R&B ballad "Happy". The album also features a duet with American pop rock group OneRepublic called "Lost Then Found".

"Echo" met mixed to favourable reviews by critics.

Alpha Phi Alpha

Alpha Phi Alpha is the first Black, inter-collegiate Greek-lettered fraternity in the United States. It was founded on December 4, 1906 at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. It uses an icon from ancient Egypt, the Great Sphinx of Giza, as its symbol. Its aims are "manly deeds, scholarship, and love for all mankind." Its motto is "First of All, Servants of All, We Shall Transcend All." Its archives are preserved at the Moorland-Spingarn Research Center. Chapters were chartered at Howard University and Virginia Union University in 1907. The fraternity has over 290,000 members. Since 1940 it has been open to men of all races. Currently, there are more than 730 active chapters worldwide.

<br>

Grace Jones

Grace Beverly Jones (born 19 May 1948) is a Jamaican singer, songwriter, supermodel, record producer, and actress. She was born in Spanish Town, Jamaica. She was raised by her grandparents. She released her first album, "Portfolio", in 1977. Her music is a mixture of R&B, disco, reggae, electronica, funk, dance and new jack swing. She is also known for her unusual album covers. Her most important movie roles include the 1985 James Bond movie "A View to a Kill" and the 1986 horror movie "Vamp".

In 2015, Jones wrote an autobiography called "I'll Never Write My Memoirs". In the book, she wrote her opinion on Rihanna, Lady Gaga, Nicki Minaj, Madonna, Miley Cyrus and Beyoncé. She wrote that she felt that they were copying her style.


United States Botanic Garden

United States Botanic Garden is the national botanical garden of the United States. It is in Washington D.C., United States. It was established in 1920 by the United States Congress. The gardens are a feature of the National Mall directly across from the United States Capitol. They are funded by the non-profit organization the National Fund for the U.S. Botanic Garden. 



Classical period (music)

The Classical music period is the time from about 1750 to 1820 when Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, and Schubert were the most famous living composers.

We often talk about “classical music” meaning European music which is not pop music or jazz or folk music. It is music which has been written by composers who have studied the art of composition. The article Classical music talks about classical music in this sense.

This article is about “Classical music” in the late 18th century and the early 19th century. The word “classical” is often used to refer to the arts of Ancient Greece and Rome. It has also come to mean any art form which has become very famous and is remembered for centuries afterwards. In music the Classical period comes between the Baroque and the period of Romanticism.

In some ways Classical music is often simpler than the music of the Baroque composers. There is often a tune with a simple accompaniment using broken chords called an “Alberti bass”. For classical composers the form of the piece was very important. Composers started their work with a tune (theme) and this tune would be developed in different ways: put in different key, changed from a fast to a slow tune, changed from major to minor or from minor to major.

Some of the most famous composers of the Classical period in music are:


Bill Guerin

William Robert Guerin (born November 9, 1970) is an American retired professional ice hockey right winger. He works as the assistant general manager of the Pittsburgh Penguins. Guerin played 18 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played with the New Jersey Devils, Edmonton Oilers, Boston Bruins, Dallas Stars, St. Louis Blues, San Jose Sharks, New York Islanders, and Pittsburgh Penguins.

Guerin played for Team USA during the 1996 World Cup of Hockey, 1998 Winter Olympics, 2002 Winter Olympics, 2004 World Cup of Hockey, and 2006 Winter Olympics. He won a gold medal in 1996 and a silver medal in 2002.

Before playing in the NHL, Guerin played 2 seasons of college hockey with the Boston College Eagles. He was drafted with the 5th overall pick by the New Jersey Devils in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft. He played parts of 7 seasons with the Devils and won the Stanley Cup with them in 1995.

On January 4, 1998, the Devils traded Guerin along with Valeri Zelepukin to the Edmonton Oilers in exchange for Jason Arnott and Bryan Muir. Guerin played 4 seasons with the Oilers.

On November 15, 2000, the Oilers traded him to the Boston Bruins in exchange for Anson Carter, Boston's 1st (Aleš Hemský) and 2nd (Doug Lynch) round choices in 2001 NHL Entry Draft. Guerin played 2 seasons with the Bruins and recorded 41 goals in his final season with them.

On July 3, 2002, Guerin signed a five-year; $45 million contract with the Dallas Stars when he became a free agent.

He did not play as well as expected during his time with the Stars. He only recorded 40 points during the 2005–06 NHL season and the Stars decided to buy-out his contract. Dallas had to pay Guerin two-thirds of the remaining salary from his contract which was spread out over twice as many years.

On July 3, 2006, he signed a one-year, $2 million contract with the St. Louis Blues. During his time with the Blues, Guerin played on a line with his former Oiler teammate Doug Weight. Guerin played 1 season with the Blues. He scored 61 goals and recorded 47 points. Guerin was chosen to play in the 2007 All-Star Game, which was hosted by the Dallas Stars. Even though he was criticized for his play in Dallas, Guerin was still given a standing ovation from the fans. He became the 214th NHL player to play in 1,000 games on February 2, 2007.

On February 27, 2007, the Blues traded Guerin to the San Jose Sharks in exchange for Ville Nieminen, Jay Barriball and a conditional first-round pick. He played 16 regular season games with them.

On July 5, 2007, Guerin signed a two-year contract with the New York Islanders. On July 9, 2007, the Islanders named Guerin the captain of the team. This made Guerin the 11th captain in Islanders history. He played 2 seasons with the Islanders.

On March 4, 2009, the Islanders traded Guerin to the Pittsburgh Penguins in exchange for a third-round pick in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. On June 12, 2009, Guerin won the Stanley Cup after the Penguins defeated the Detroit Red Wings 2–1 in Game 7 at Joe Louis Arena. On June 29, 2009, Guerin signed a one-year contract extension with the Penguins with a greatly reduced salary to play through the 2009–10 NHL season. He was not offered a contract for the 2010–11 NHL season.

On September 7, 2010, the Philadelphia Flyers invited Guerin to their training camp for a try out. They released him on October 4 before the start of the regular season.

On December 6, 2010, Guerin announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey and that he was retiring as a Pittsburgh Penguin. On June 6, 2011, he was hired as the player development coach for the Penguins. On June 6, 2014, Penguins General Manager Jim Rutherford announced that Guerin was being promoted to the assistant general manager of the team.

Guerin was inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame along with his former teammate Doug Weight in 2013.

Guerin, represented the US in the Olympics three times as it's player (1998 in Nagano, 2002 in Salt Lake City and 2006 in Torino), and has won a silver medal in 2002.


John J. Farrell

John J. Farrell (1872 – July 22, 1946) was the Dairy and Food Commissioner of Minnesota in 1917 and president of the National Creamery Buttermakers' Association. By 1921 he was the secretary of National Dairy Products. He was the unsuccessful Democratic candidate in the United States Senate elections of 1924 for senator from Minnesota. He was the Minnesota Democratic state chair in 1931.

Farrell was born in 1872 in Ohio to Daniel Farrell and Mary Guyton, both Irish immigrant parents. They migrated to Minnesota in 1886. He married in August 1901 Mabel Sanborn of Faribault, Minnesota, a daughter of W. N. Sanborn.

By 1917, Farrell was the Dairy and Food Commissioner of Minnesota and president of the National Creamery Buttermakers' Association.

By 1921 Farrell was the secretary of National Dairy Products Committee. In 1924, he was the unsuccessful Democratic Candidate for U.S. Senator from Minnesota.

Farrell died on July 22, 1946 in South Harbor Township, Mille Lacs County, Minnesota.

Bernard Van de Kerckhove

Bernard Van de Kerckhove (8 July 1941 – 15 September 2015) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer from 1962 to 1971. He was known for winning the 1964 Tour de France and 1965 Tour de France after which he wore the yellow jersey for two and three stages respectively.

Meir Pa'il

Meir Pa'il, ‎ , (June 19, 1926 – September 15, 2015) was an Israeli colonel, politician and military historian. He served as a member of the Knesset from 1974 through 1980. He was born in Jerusalem.

Pa'il died from complications of Alzheimer's disease in Jerusalem, aged 89.


Mihai Volontir

Mihai Volontir (9 March 1934 – 15 September 2015) was a Moldovan actor. He was known for his role as Volentair in the comedy movie "In the Zone of Special Attention".


John Rodolph Slattery

Colonel John Rodolph Slattery (January 31, 1877 - September 24, 1932) was the general manager for the Interborough Rapid Transit Company in New York City.

Slattery was born in Athens, Ohio on January 31, 1877. His parents were John A. Slattery (1847-1895) and Lena DeSteiguer (1854-1925). He attended the United States Military Academy where he graduated fifth in his class for the year 1900. He was assigned to the Philippines to work on bridges and roads as an engineer officer. He was assigned to Honolulu in November 1904 as the Honolulu District's first District Engineer for lighthouses.

Slattery married Elizabeth Virginia Bradley (1879-1949) around 1915. He died on September 24, 1932 in Jackson Heights, New York City.

Pam Ferris

Pamela E. "Pam" Ferris (born 11 May 1948) is a British actress. She was born in Hanover to Welsh parents. She starred on television as Ma Larkin in "The Darling Buds of May", and as Laura Thyme in "Rosemary & Thyme".

On movies, she is known for her roles as Miss Trunchbull in "Matilda" and as Aunt Marge in "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban".

Michael X. Mockus

Michael X. Mockus (October 26, 1864 – October 23, 1939) was a Lithuanian-American Unitarian minister. Mockus is remembered for having been convicted in nationally publicized trials for having violated Connecticut and Maine state laws prohibiting blasphemy by challenging orthodox religious beliefs.

Mockus was born on October 26, 1864 in Lithuania. In 1916 he was charged with blasphemy in Waterbury, Connecticut. In 1917 he gave a series of lectures in Maine and was arrested and found guilty of blasphemy. The Supreme Judicial Court of Maine did not overturn his conviction.

In 1916, Mockus gave a lecture to the Lithuanian Freethought Association in Waterbury, Connecticut in the Lithuanian language. He was charged with blasphemy under the 1821 affirmation of the 1642 blasphemy law. He was the first person convicted under the law and was sentenced to 10 days imprisonment. He had Theodore Schroeder of the Free Speech League as his attorney.

In 1917, Mockus gave a series of lectures in Maine on atheism. He made the following eight statements: 

(1) "Mary (meaning the Virgin Mary) had a beau. When her beau called one evening (both being young) he seduced her. He brought her a flower and put her in a family way. No woman can give birth to a child without a man." 

(2) "The father of Christ was a young Jew and was no Angel Gabriel. Any girl who wants a child can call a Gabriel or some John." 

(3) "Religion, capitalism, and government are all damned humbugs, liars, and thieves. Those three classes combine into one organization. 

(4) "All religions are a deception of the people." 

(5) "A young man came to Mary during the night, and, coming near her with a flower in his hand, took her by the hand and said: 'Sh; sh.' Look how the priests teach you, the falsifiers, thieves. It is not possible that he could be of the Holy Ghost, there must be a man. A young Jew was the father of the Christ. No woman can have a child without a man; that never happened and never can happen." 

(6) "You see the Trinity (pointing to a picture of God, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost, which he had caused to be thrown upon a screen), God the Father, Ghost, and Son, a young Jew, but that old man never was and never can be; if he was God from the Ghost, then where did that belly button come from which is sprouted like a button? Bear in mind that the black army is a trinity, clergy, capitalism, and government; they govern the world together." 

(7) "There is no truth in the Bible; it is only monkey business. Religion, capitalism, and government are a black army and only profiteer from the poor people. You see here (pointing to a picture of God, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost, which he had caused to be thrown upon a screen) scarecrows. Here is God the Father, Son, and Ghost, a whole Trinity, just as the priest, capitalists, and government. How can the Holy Ghost be God when she is afraid a cat will kill her? And do you believe in these scarecrows?" 

(8) "You see this fool (pointing to a picture of Jesus Christ upon the cross, with the private parts of his body covered with a cloth, which he had caused to be thrown upon a screen) and you believe in Him. The women were sorry for the holy thing and covered the holy thing, while the rest of the body was left uncovered."

Mockus was arrested under Maine's blasphemy law which reads: "Blasphemy may be committed either by using profanely insolent and reproachful language against God, or by contumeliously reproaching Him, His creation, government, final judgment of the world, Jesus Christ, the Holy Ghost, or the Holy Scriptures as contained in the canonical books of the Old and New Testament, or by exposing any of these enumerated Beings or Scriptures to contempt and ridicule, and it is not necessary for the state to prove the doing of all of them."

Mockus was found guilty by a jury trial in 1917 for his eight statements. His appeal went before the Supreme Judicial Court of Maine on March 25, 1921 as State v. Mockus and his conviction was upheld.

Cornelius, North Carolina

Cornelius is a lakeside town located along Lake Norman in northern Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 31,412 at the 2020 census.

Anton Chigurh

Anton Chigurh is a fictional character from the 2005 novel "No Country for Old Men" by American writer Cormac McCarthy and the 2007 movie of the same name directed by the Coen brothers. He is a psychopathic professional hitman of unknown nationality. He serves as the main antagonist of "No Country for Old Men".

In the movie, Chigurh is played by Spanish actor Javier Bardem. For this role, Bardem won many awards, including an Academy Award, a Golden Globe and a BAFTA.

Empire.com ranked Chigurh #46 in their list of the 100 Greatest Movie Characters of All Time.

Gallstone

A gallstone, also called a shav-stone, is a (stone) formed inside the gallbladder. Gallstones may pass into other parts of the biliary tract. If the stones pass out of the gall bladder they may cause extreme pain, which requires surgery or other treatment.

Gallstones are solid particles that form in the gallbladder, a small organ located in the abdomen. They are made up of cholesterol, bile pigments, and other substances found in bile.

The main cause of gallstones is an imbalance in the substances that make up bile. When the levels of cholesterol and other substances in bile become too high, they can form solid particles. This can occur due to a variety of factors, including:


It is important to note that not all people who have gallstones will experience symptoms, and some people may develop gallstones without any known risk factors.

Suvigya Sharma

Suvigya Sharma (born July 28, 1983) is an award winning Indian artist and painter based in Mumbai, India. He is known for creating miniature paintings, Tanjore painting, Fresco work and lifelike portraits. He was awarded with "Bharat Gaurav Award" in 2012 for his contribution in filed of Arts. 

His latest collection "An Art Collector's Paradise" featuring colonial stamp paper paintings embellished with 24 carat gold were inaugurated by actress Rani Mukherji in September, 2014. 


Moscow Pavilion

Russian Pavilion is a famous pavilion that was built for the Expo 67 world exhibition. It was moved to the All-Russia Exhibition Centre in Moscow a year later. The pavilion was called Pavilion 70 and later Moscow Pavilion.

Before the World Exhibition was held in Canada in 1967 the Soviet architects hoped that the World Exhibition would be held in Moscow. In the early 1960s they offered to adapt the exhibit to the Soviet Union's to document the history of the country for the "50th anniversary of the October Revolution" in 1967 with an emphasis on "progress and peace." Moscow's chief architect Mikhail Pusuchin proposed to create a spherical pavilion the size of: "Moscow State University Main Building" on an artificial lake. However, Nikita Khrushchev's forced resignation and financial problems due to heavy costs led to the Soviet Union's refusal to organize the exhibition. The Bureau of International Exhibitions finally decided to entrust the task to the City of Montreal in Canada on the anniversary of the founding of Montreal. In 1970 the building began to move to Moscow and construction took five years. In 1977, the Pavilion was inaugurated on the site of the Moscow Exhibition Center. 


Pink Friday

Pink Friday is the debut studio album by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. It was released on November 19, 2010, by Young Money, Cash Money and Universal Motown. The album was re-released as a deluxe CD and featured the hit single "Super Bass".

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Pink Friday".


Blue iguana

The blue iguana ("Cyclura lewisi"), also known as the Grand Cayman iguana, or Cayman Island blue iguana, is an endangered species of lizard endemic to the island of Grand Cayman.

The blue iguana is the largest native land animal on Grand Cayman. It has a length from nose-to-tail of . It is tan to gray in color with a bluish cast (more so in males and during breeding season). It is large and heavy-bodied with a dorsal crest of short spines running from the bottom of the neck to the end of the tail. It weighs as much as .
The blue iguana is one of the longest-living lizards: the record is 67 years.

The iguana prefers rocky, sunlit, open areas in dry forests or near the shore. The blue iguana's herbivorous diet is plants, fruits and flowers. Fossil records suggest there were many blue iguanas before European settlement; but less than 15 of them were left in the wild in 2003, which were predicted to disappear within a few years. Their decline is due to predators like feral pets (cats and dogs) and also the destruction of their natural habitat. Fruit farms have been turned into pasture for cattle grazing.

Since 2004, hundreds of bred and collected blue iguanas have been led into a reserve on Grand Cayman. In this way it is hoped to save the species. At least five non-profit organizations are working with the government of the Cayman Islands to ensure this. The conservancy program has released over 700 captive bred Grand Cayman blue iguanas since the 2004 all-time low of 12 remaining animals.


Alfred Cotton Bedford

Alfred Cotton Bedford (November 5, 1863 - September 21, 1925) was president of the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey starting on December 22, 1916.

Bedford was born on November 5, 1863 in Brooklyn, New York City. He married Edith Kinsman Clark on January 8, 1890. He was promoted from treasurer to president of the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey starting on December 22, 1916. He was made chairman of the board on November 15, 1917.

He was made a Commandant of the Legion in 1922. Bedford died on September 21, 1925 leaving an estate of $3,000,000. He was buried in Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn.

Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded

Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded is the second studio album by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj; it was released on April 2, 2012, by Young Money, Cash Money and Universal Republic. The album was much more fun sounding and featured a hip hop sound to the first half. The second half was more pop heavy.

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded".

The Pinkprint

The Pinkprint is the third studio album by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. It was released on December 12, 2014, by Young Money, Cash Money and Republic Records. The album's music returned Minaj to her hip hop roots.

Portfolio (Grace Jones album)

Portfolio is the debut studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones. It was released on 6 September 1977 by Island Records by Island Records. Before releasing "Portfolio" Jones had been a model. The album's music is a mix of disco and R&B. The album was recorded from 1975-1977.

Side A

Side B

Side A

Side B


Glassheart

Glassheart is the third studio album by British recording artist Leona Lewis. It was released on 12 October 2012 by Syco and RCA Records. The album is different from Lewis' previous pop, soul and R&B sound. This album's music is electronic, dubstep and R&B.


Christmas, with Love

Christmas, with Love is a Christmas album and the fourth studio album by British recording artist Leona Lewis. It was released on 29 November 2013, by Syco and RCA Records. It was the last album that Lewis made with Syco and RCA. She left them to sign with Island Records and Def Jam Recordings in 2015.

Def Jam Recordings

Def Jam Recordings is an American record label that mainly produces hip hop and urban music. It is owned by Universal Music Group. In the UK, the label takes on the name "Def Jam UK" and is operated through Virgin EMI. In Japan, it is "Def Jam Japan" operating through Universal Sigma Music. The label distributes various record labels. One is Roc-A-Fella Records. Another is Kanye West's GOOD Music, 

Def Jam was founded by Rick Rubin in his dormitory in Weinstein Hall at New York University. The label's first release was a single by his punk-rock group Hose.

<br>

2015 Illapel earthquake

On 16 September 2015, an 8.3 M earthquake happened offshore Illapel, Chile. 12 deaths and 34+ injuries were reported. The cities of Coquimbo and Concón reported flooding from a tsunami. Six aftershocks were also reported.

Tsunami warnings were given to Ecuador, Peru, New Zealand, Fiji, Japan, the Solomon Islands, French Polynesia, and the U.S. states of Hawaii and California. The earthquake was felt in Argentina and Brazil.

Illapel

Illapel is a Chilean city; it is the capital of the Choapa province, Coquimbo region. It is in the most narrow point of the country along a parallel, .

The commune of Illapel has an area of . It is to the north of Santiago at and to the northeast of the seaport city of Los Vilos at .

The commune is bordered on the north by the Combarbalá and Monte Patria (a small part) communes, both of the Limarí province, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Salamanca and Los Vilos communes, and on the west by the Canela commune.
The city of Illapel is along the "Illapel" river, a tributary of the "Choapa" river, that is long.

 (last national census), there were 30,355 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The city of Illapel has an urban area of and a population, in 2002, of 21,826 inhabitants.



Guy Béart

Guy Béhart-Hasson (16 July 1930 – 16 September 2015), better known as Guy Béart, was a French singer and songwriter. He released over 240 songs and 25 albums during his sixty-plus year career.

Béart was born in Cairo, Egypt to a Jewish family. He also grew up in Lebanon and later moved to Paris. His daughter is actress Emmanuelle Béart (born 1963).

Béart died from a heart attack on 16 September 2015 in Garches, aged 85.

Aaron Ekblad

Aaron Ekblad (born February 7, 1996) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL).

He has also played for the Team Canada junior team. He won a gold medal with them during the 2015 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships. He suffered a concussion in an exhibition game against the Czech Republic in December 2014.

Before playing in the NHL, Ekblad played 3 seasons with the Barrie Colts of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He was drafted with the 1st overall pick by the Florida Panthers in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.

On September 3, the Panthers signed Ekblad to a three-year, entry-level contract. Ekblad made the Panthers' opening night roster for the 2014–15 season. He made his NHL debut on October 9 in a game against the Tampa Bay Lightning. During the game, Ekblad scored his first career NHL point, an assist on a Jonathan Huberdeau goal in a 3–2 overtime loss. On November 1, he scored his first NHL goal against Steve Mason of the Philadelphia Flyers in a 2–1 Panthers win.

On December 6, Ekblad scored a career-high three points in a 3–2 win against the Buffalo Sabres. He was given the first star of the game. On January 23, 2015, he was chosen to play in the 2015 NHL All-Star Game to replace an injured Erik Johnson.

On June 24, 2015, Ekblad was announced as the Calder Memorial Trophy winner.


Kim Kielsen

Kim Kielsen (born 30 November 1966) is a Greenlandic politician. He is the Prime Minister of Greenland and the leader of the Siumut party since 2014.

Longyearbyen

Longyearbyen is the largest settlement and the administrative centre of Svalbard, Norway. As of 2013, the town had a population of 2,043.
Because Longyearbyen is quite far north, it has very long daylight hours during the summer, and very short daylight hours in the winter. It has midnight sun between 19 April and 25 August. Longyearbyen has polar night between 27 October and 15 February. It is milder than other places at the same latitude, due to warming from the sea. This means that surprisingly high temperatures can occur. For example, Longyearbyen reached almost into double figures Celsius on 30 January 1984. The warmest recorded temperature was as high as on 17 July 1977. The coldest temperature was a very cold on 4 March 1986. Longyearbyen is badly affected by global warming, due to its Arctic position. On 1 August 2015, a record August temperature of was recorded.
<br>

Broad-billed moa

The broad-billed moa or coastal moa ("Euryapteryx curtus") was an extinct moa from New Zealand. It lived in the North and the South Islands and on Stewart Island.

The coastal moa mainly lived in dry shrubland areas. It was lived almost all over North Island. The dominant species lived in the center, the volcanic plateau and along the Wanganui-Taranaki Coast.

The birds were fat and short-legged. Males were about a meter tall. Females were a little bit taller (1.3 meters). They varied in size, some were even twice as big as others. They weighed about 20 kg. It is thought that they mainly ate fruit, leaves and large insects. Chicks ate insects.

It is thought that because coastal moas (among others) had a small olfactory chamber, they had great vocal abilities.


Bush moa

The bush moa or lesser moa ("Anomalopteryx didiformis") is an extinct bird from New Zealand. It was about 1 meter long. It weighed about 30 kilograms. It lived all over New Zealand.

The bush moa had a sharp beak. It could not fly. It is thought that it ate twigs and other tough plant material.

The bush moa had predators such as the Haast's eagle and Eyles' harrier. All bush moas died 500-600 years ago, after humans came to New Zealand.

Rani Mukherji

Rani Mukerji (born 21 March 1978) is an Indian actress active in Bollywood. She has won 7 Filmfare awards.


Agrahari

Agrahari is an Indian surname, mainly found in North Indian states. Maharaja Agrasen is believed to be their ancestor. The mainly found in Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, West Bengal, Bihar, Assam, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra and Gujarat of States of India. They are believed to be Vaishya, the third highest community as per Hindu Caste System. 

Agrasena

Maharaja Agrasen (or Agrasena) was a legendary Indian king of Agroha in India. This was a city of traders from whom the cities of Agrawal and Agrahari descend. He started a kingdom of traders in North India named Agroha. He is known for his compassion in refusing to slaughter animals in "yajnas".
The Government of India issued a postage stamp in honour of Maharaja Agresen in 1976 on the occasion of his 410th birthday.

Pokémon Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire

A trailer for the game was shown at Nintendo's 2014 E3 video. The trailer included new gameplay footage, as well as, the new playable character designs and new Mega Evolutions for Sceptile and Swampert that were not in "X and Y" like Blaziken was.

"Omega Ruby" and "Alpha Sapphire" were given positive review. IGN rated the game a 7.8 out of 10. Kallie Plagge of IGN sai that she liked the 3D reinvention of the Hoenn region and online functionality. She was critical of the HMs needed to play the game and the perceived imbalance that favored Water-type Pokémon (she played Alpha Sapphire). She said that "Too much water" was a negative. GameSpot rated the game 8 out of 10. Peter Brown of GameSpot said that he liked the 3D visuals and the super training mechanic but didn't think that the game did not fix general issues in the game formula.

As of June 30, 2015, "Omega Ruby" and "Alpha Sapphire" have sold 10.27 million copies worldwide.


Wesley Augustus Williams

Wesley Augustus Williams (August 26, 1897 - July 3, 1984) was the first African-American officer in the New York City Fire Department. He was promoted to lieutenant in 1927. He was the third African-American man to join the New York Fire Department. He was one of the founders of the Vulcan Society in 1940.

He was born on August 26, 1897 to James Henry Williams (1879-1948) and Lucy Metrash (1881-1932) in Manhattan, New York City.

He wanted to join the New York City Fire Department when he read about Samuel Jesse Battle joining the New York City police department. The first African-American to join the New York City Fire Department was William H. Nicholson, who joined in 1898. Williams had a very high score on his written test. He scored perfect on his physical examination. All firefighter candidates must have a character reference. His was written by former U.S. president Theodore Roosevelt. Even so he was put on the waiting list while others were hired ahead of him. Williams finally joined on January 10, 1919. He was assigned to Engine Company 55 in Manhattan, New York City. Williams was promoted to lieutenant in 1927.

He died on July 3, 1984 at the Physicians Hospital in Forest Hills, New York City, he was 86 years old.

 

David Willcocks

Sir David Valentine Willcocks CBE, MC (30 December 1919 – 17 September 2015) was a British choral conductor, organist, composer and music administrator. He was born in Newquay, Cornwall. He was particularly well known for his works with the Choir of King's College, Cambridge. He directed from 1957 to 1974.


Milo Hamilton

Leland Milo Hamilton (September 2, 1927 – September 17, 2015) was an American sportscaster. He was best known for calling play-by-play for seven different Major League Baseball teams since 1953. He received the Ford Frick Award from the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1992. He was known for his works with the Atlanta Braves, Houston Rockets, Pittsburgh Pirates and the Chicago Cubs. He was born in Fairfield, Iowa.

Hamilton died in Houston, Texas from leukemia, aged 88.

Adam Purple

Adam Purple (David Lloyd Wilkie; November 10, 1930 – September 15, 2015) was an American environmentalist. He was known for being an activist for defending gardens in New York City. He helped save a well known garden in New York's Lower East Side.

Purple died of a heart attack while riding his bike across the Williamsburg Bridge in New York City, aged 84.

Harry J. Lipkin

Harry Jeannot Lipkin (June 16, 1921 in New York City − September 15, 2015 in Rehovot), also known as Zvi Lipkin, was an Israeli theoretical physicist. He was known for working in nuclear physics and elementary particle physics. He won the Wigner Medal. 

Miriam Margolyes

Miriam Margolyes (born 18 May 1941) is an English people-Australian actress. She is best known for her role as Professor Sprout in the "Harry Potter" movie series. She also appeared appeared in the movies "The Age of Innocence" (1993), which won her a BAFTA Award, "Babe" (1995), and "" (1998). She has appeared in television series such as "Merlin", "Doc Martin" and "The Sarah Jane Adventures".

Margolyes was born in Oxford, Oxfordshire. She was the daughter of Ruth (née Walters; 1905–1974), a property investor and developer, and Joseph Margolyes (1899–1996), a Scottish physician from Glasgow. She was grew up in a Jewish family and her ancestors are from Poland and Belarus. She is a lesbian and has been with her partner Heather for over forty years. She has also been an Australian citizen since 2013.





Magda Szubanski

Magdalene Mary "Magda" Szubanski (born 12 April 1961) is an English-born Australian actress, comedian, television presenter, radio host, author and LGBT rights advocate. She is best known for playing Sharon Strzelecki in the television comedy show "Kath & Kim". She also portrayed Esme Hoggett in the movie "Babe" (1995) and its sequel "" (1998).

Szubanski was born in Liverpool, Lancashire. She is of Polish, Irish and Scottish ancestry. She moved to Melbourne, Victoria with her family in 1965. She came out as lesbian in 2012.

Chesney Hawkes

Chesney Lee Hawkes (born 22 September 1971) is an English singer, musician and actor. He was born in Windsor, Berkshire. He had a hit record "The One and Only". It was number 1 for five weeks in 1991. He starred in the movie Buddy's Song along with Roger Daltrey.

Øvre Årdal

Øvre Årdal is a village near Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway. It is the largest village in Årdal. It is sits on the northern end of the long lake Årdalsvatnet. The village of Årdalstangen is at the southern end. The village has a population (2013) of 3,206. This gives the village a population density of . Farnes Church is in this village.
The road "Tindevegen" goes from Øvre Årdal, through the Fardalen valley to Turtagrø in Luster municipality. It's one of the highest elevation roads in Norway. There is also a road which goes south past the lake Tyin to the European route E16 highway which goes through Valdres to Oslo.

Øvre Årdal is the starting point for tours into the nearby Utladalen Landscape Protection Area and Jotunheimen National Park. There are trips to the Utladalen and Avdalen valleys, to the mountain Falketind and to the Vettisfossen waterfall. There are also trips to the historic farms of Vetti, Vettismorki, and Avdalen.

Norsk Hydro has an aluminium smelting plant which is a major employer in the area.

Årdal FK is an association football club. They play at Jotun stadium in Øvre Årdal.


Färila

Färila is a locality in Ljusdal Municipality in Gävleborg County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,293 people lived there. Färila is in a valley next to the river of Ljusnan.

William H. Nicholson

William H. Nicholson (1869-1911) was the first African American fireman in the New York City Fire Department. He was assigned to Engine Company 6 and detailed to the veterinary department to feed the horses and shovel manure.

Mario Benjamín Menéndez

Mario Benjamín Menéndez (3 April 1930 – 18 September 2015) was an Argentine military officer. He was a Brigadier General of the Argentine Army. After the 1982 Argentine occupation, he served as Governor of the Falkland Islands from 3 April until 14 June. He surrendered to British forces during the Falkland Wars.

Menéndez was born in Buenos Aires. His brother was Luciano Benjamín Menéndez (1927–2018), a general of the Dirty War.

Menéndez died on 18 September 2015 at the age of 85.

Logan City

Logan City is a city and local government area in south east Queensland, Australia. Logan City has 63 suburbs and 12 divisions, and, as of 2012, 293,353 live in there.

The city was named after Patrick Logan.

Vadim Kuzmin

Vadim Alexeevich Kuzmin (; 16 April 1937 – 17 September 2015) was a Russian theoretical physicist, meaning he worked on using mathematical processes to develop the theories used to explain data. He was known for working in the elektroweak baryogenesis field.


Mishael Cheshin

Mishael Cheshin (‎; February 16, 1936 – September 19, 2015) was an Israeli Justice. He served in the Supreme Court of Israel from 1992 to 2006.

Before becoming a judge he was working at the Justice Ministry.

Cheshin was born in Beirut and died at the age of 79 from cancer in Tel Aviv.

Fired Up (Alesha Dixon album)

Fired Up is the debut studio album by British recording artist Alesha Dixon. The album was recorded after Dixon's group Mis-Teeq had split up. Dixon signed a deal with Polydor Records. Her single "Lipstick" reached number 14 on the UK chart. Her next single with Polydor, "Knockdown" failed to reach the Top 40 (it reached number 45). Dixon left Polydor afterwards but kept the rights to her songs from the album. "Fired Up" was finally released as a CD in Japan in 2008. The album was billed as just Alesha instead of using Dixon's full name.

For the album, Dixon worked with many known UK songwriters including Richard X and Xenomania.

Anoka, Minnesota

Anoka ( ) is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota. The population was 17,921 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat. Anoka calls itself the "Halloween Capital of the World". This is because it hosted one of the first Halloween parades in 1920. It continues to celebrate the holiday each year with several parades. Anoka is a northern suburb of the Twin Cities.

The Entertainer (Alesha Dixon album)

The Entertainer is the third studio album by English recording artist Alesha Dixon. It was released on 26 November 2010 in the United Kingdom by Asylum Records. It was released by Atlantic Records in the United States. The album was originally called "Unleashed" but was renamed to "The Entertainer" instead. "The Entertainer" was the second album that Dixon used her first name instead of her full name. The first was 2006's "Fired Up". Dixon also rapped on some of the songs. The album has an American precision pop beat feel to it. It is a club record with the same kind of songs Britney and Lady GaGa make and sing.

Mauritian Creole

Mauritian Creole is a French-based creole language. It is spoken in Mauritius. It is not an official language but is well known among the Mauritian people. It is mostly French with a few non-French words. Mauritian Creole is spoken in over 65% of Mauritius.

I Am (Leona Lewis album)

I Am is the fifth studio album by British recording artist Leona Lewis. It was released on 11 September 2015, by Island Records after Lewis left Syco Music in June 2014, she had been with that label ever since she had won "The X Factor" in 2006.

 denotes co-producer

Reverend Lovejoy

Reverend Timothy Lovejoy is a fictional character on the long running TV show "The Simpsons". His voice is performed by Harry Shearer. He is the reverend of The First Church of Springfield.

Reverend Lovejoy was named after Lovejoy St. in Portland, Oregon, the hometown of Simpsons creator Matt Groening.

Lovejoy is the pastor of the First Church in Springfield. 

Janet Jackson (album)

Janet Jackson is the self-titled debut album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. It was released in October 1982 by A&M Records.

"Janet Jackson" received mixed reviews from music critics.

Minnesota Senate

The Minnesota Senate is the upper house of the Minnesota Legislature of the U.S. State of Minnesota. There are 67 members, each representing a senatorial district. Each senator represents about 79,163 residents. In terms of membership, it is the largest upper house of any U.S. state legislature. Floor sessions are held in the west wing of the Minnesota State Capitol in Saint Paul, Minnesota.

Offices of members of the majority party are located in the Capitol. Those of the minority party are in the State Office Building. It is connected by a tunnel just to the west of the Capitol. Senate committee meetings are held in the Capitol building.

Aaron B. Rollins

Aaron B. Rollins (1818 - December 4, 1878) was a politician connected to the Tammany Hall political machine. He served in New York's legislature in 1852. He was later elected coroner for New York City from 1867 to 1870.

Rollins was born in 1818. He died on December 4, 1878 at the Union-Place Hotel in Manhattan.

Masajuro Shiokawa

Shiokawa served as Parliamentary Vice Minister of International Trade and Industry from 1972 to 1973, Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary from 1976 to 1977, Commerce and Industry Committee Chairman from 1979 to 1980, Minister of Transport from 1980 to 1981 (under Prime Minister Zenko Suzuki), Minister of Education from 1986 to 1987 (under PM Yasuhiro Nakasone), Chief Cabinet Secretary for three months in 1989 (under PM Sōsuke Uno), and Minister of Home Affairs from 1991 to 1992.

Shiokawa died of pneumonia in Osaka, Japan, aged 93.

Eduardo Bonvallet

Eduardo Guillermo Bonvallet Godoy (January 13, 1955 – September 18, 2015), was a Chilean footballer. He played as a defensive midfielder and later developed a TV and radio sports commentator career.

Bonvallet was found dead by hanging using a belt at Nogales Hotel in the kitchen of room 213. Local news report he was suffering from depression.

Medical Society of New Jersey

The Medical Society of New Jersey is the oldest professional society in the United States. It was founded in 1766.

Bruce Djite

Bruce José Djité (born 25 March 1987) is a retired American-born Australian soccer player. He last played in Indonesia for PSM Makassar. He also played for the Australian national team as a striker.

Djite was born in Washington, D.C., United States. His father is from the Ivory Coast and his mother is from Togo. He moved to Sydney, New South Wales when he was three years old. Djite speaks French and English.


Takeshi Onaga

Onaga died on 8 August 2018 from pancreatic cancer, aged 67.

Peter Varghese

Peter Joseph Noozhumurry Varghese (born 1956) is an Australian diplomat and public servant. He has been the Secretary of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade since 3 December 2012.

Varghese was born in Kenya to Nasrani parents from Kerala, India. He moved to Australia as a child in 1964. He studied history and graduated from the University of Queensland. He is married and has a son.

Rostam Giv

Rostam Giv or Arbab Rostam Giv ( alternative spellings: Rustam Guiv) (1880, Yazd, Iran - October 7 1980, Whittier, California), was the founder of Giv charity foundation. He was the third representative of Iranian Zoroastrians in the Iranian parliament. He was also a senator of the Iranian Senate.

Giv was born in 1888 in Yazd. His mother's name was Kharman. His father's name was Shahpour.

Giv completed his elementary education at Kay Khosravi school. He learned English language in Yazd. He was elected as the Zoroastrians' Representative in the Iranian National Assembly after Keikhosrow Shahrokh died in 1939.
He founded "Giv's Charity foundation" in 1958 for supporting needy people. He was also selected as a senator in the Iranian Senate in 1963 because of his charity works for the Iranian people.

Rostam Bagh, is a big garden in Tehran Pars Street in Tehran. Arbab Rostam was built in 1957 for Living Zoroastrian's Needy Family. This garden covers about , including residential buildings, a meeting hall, two schools, a sports ground, a library and a fire temple.

Making a water reservoir in Yazd, which has 4000 cubic meter capacity and provides clean and safe water for people is another one of Giv's charity works.

Giv has built schools for Iranian children. He built Giv's elementary school, Ostad Khdobabakhsh elementary school and Ostad pour-Davood elementary school for boys and girls in Tehran. He donated of land to Iran's Ministry of Education in Damavand County.

A few months before the Iranian revolution, Rostam and his wife immigrated to the United States and he founded his charity foundations. They donated 4 million dollars for building Zoroastrian charities in all of the world.

They built Charity Buildings for Zoroastrians in New York, Chicago, Toronto, Vancouver and Sydney.



Radio City Cinema

Radio City was an Iranian cinema that was opened on 18 September 1958 in Tehran.

The design of this cinema was preformed by Heydar Ghiai, who was known as a pioneer of modern architecture in Iran. This Cinema was closed after 1979 Iranian Islamic revolution.

Keikhosrow Shahrokh

Keikhosrow Shahrokh (Kerman, Iran, 1864 – 1939) was the designer of the mausoleum of Persian poet Ferdowsi in the city of Tus. 

As elected representative of the Zoroastrian community, he was an active member of the Iranian parliament. He is best known for his role in the 1925 transition of the official calendar from the Islamic calendar of "hejri ghamarei" to the Iranian civil calendar, known as "hejri shamsi". 



Hippias (tyrant)

Hippias of Athens () lived in Athens in the 6th century BC. He was one of the sons of Peisistratus, the ruler of Athens. Hippias succeeded Peisistratus in 527 BC. and became tyrant of Athens.

His brother Cleisthenes was murdered in 514 BC. Hippias' behavior changed. He became cruel and angry, executing people in revenge, and taking away the freedom of people. He also was afraid of threats from the aristocrats. In the end his uncle Cleisthenes decided to overthrow Hippias and gain power for himself and his family. Hippias was captured and sent into exile, away from Athens forever in 510 BC.

Hippias fled to Persia, and the Persians threatened to attack Athens if they did not accept Hippias. The Athenians preferred to remain democratic despite the danger from Persia. Soon after, the Ionian Revolt against Persian rule began in the Greek colonies in Asia Minor. It was put down in 494 BC, but Darius I of Persia was keen to punish Athens for its role in the revolt. In 490 BC Hippias, still in the service of the Persians, led Darius to Marathon, in Greece. The Battle of Marathon began a series of Greek victories which made Athens and its colonies successful. The next 200 years saw flowering of the classical Greek civilisation.

Strelka Institute for Media, Architecture and Design

Strelka Institute for Media, Architecture and Design is an international school for architecture located in Moscow, Russia. The institute works with students from all around the world to solve problems relating to urbanism and urban development. The institute is a nonprofit project by the Russian government. It began in 2009. In 2014 the institute won a prize from the Domus Magazine for the top 100 best schools of architecture of that year.


United States National Arboretum

United States National Arboretum is the national arboretum of the United States. It is located in Washington, D.C.



Shadow the Hedgehog

Shadow the Hedgehog is a video game character of the "Sonic the Hedgehog franchise". He is a hedgehog created by Gerald Robotnik and Black Doom as the Ultimate Life Form. He first appeared in Sonic Adventure 2.

Here is a list of some games Shadow is in:

Here is a list of cartoons Shadow is in:

Chief Wiggum

Chief Clarence "Clancy" Wiggum is a fictional character on the long running TV show The Simpsons. His voice is performed by Hank Azaria. He is the police chief of Springfield.

His surname "Wiggum" is Matt Groening's mother's maiden name.

Clancy Wiggum is the police chief of Springfield. He is the father of Ralph Wiggum and the husband of Sarah Wiggum. He is often shown as an incompetent and lazy policeman.

Abraham Simpson

Abraham Jay-Jedediah "Abe" Simpson, known as Grampa Simpson, is a character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta. He first appeared on The Tracey Ullman Show in the Simpson Short "Good Night".

He is the father of Homer Simpson and the grandfather of Bart, Lisa and Maggie; he is the husband of Mona Simpson, but later he also has been married for a short time to Amber (a woman that Homer married in Las Vegas too) and to Selma Bouvier, now he's married to Rita LaFleur. He lives in an old folk's home.

Abe Simpson is a World War II veteran and he often tells long, unlikely and rambling stories about his past. He was married to Mona Simpson for many years until she became a fugitive after she destroyed biological weapons owned by Mr. Burns.
Grampa Simpson has a poor relationship with his son Homer.


Biological rhythms

Biological rhythms are the repeating cycles of activity which occur in living organisms. The best-known example is the daily or "circadian rhythm", which fits the cycle of day and night. 

Most forms of life have natural rhythms which fit them to natural changes in their environment. Animals are most active in part of the day, and rest or sleep at other times. They may be:

Plants undergo daily cycles as well. Photosynthesis has parts which need light, called light-dependent reactions, and parts which can continue at night (light-independent reactions).

Many other important cycles are also studied, including:

Rapid eye movement sleep

In mammals and birds, sleep can be divided into two categories. In one of them, the eyes move rapidly. This is called REM-sleep (from rapid eye movement). Most dreams take place in this phase. REM-sleep occurs normally at intervals throughout the night. The periods of REM-sleep increase in length in the second half of the night. REM-sleep was first discovered in 195253. The function of REM sleep is not well understood.

Nathaniel Kleitman and his student Eugene Aserinsky defined rapid eye movement and linked it to dreams in 1953. REM sleep was further described by researchers including William Dement and Michel Jouvet.

The other category, where this movement of the eyes does not happen, is called NREM-sleep (Non-REM sleep). Usually, dreams do not occur during this time. There are three or four stages of NREM-sleep. Stage I is just barely sleeping, or dozing. Stage II is also light sleep. Normally, in adult humans, about half of the time spent asleep is spent in light sleep. Stages III and IV are called deep sleep. Deep sleep is necessary for growth and healing. It can be quite difficult to awaken someone who is in stage III or stage IV sleep. Sometimes stages III and IV are combined and called stage III.

Adult humans normally sleep in cycles of 90 to 110 minutes each. The night's sleep can be four or five of these cycles. Each cycle includes, in this order: stage I, stage II, stage III (IV), stage II and REM.

The fact that birds and mammals both show REM and NREM sleep suggests that the trait evolved before the two groups diverged in their evolution. That suggests that the REM/NREM feature is both early and important in the evolution of land vertebrates.

Rapid eye movement sleep is associated with dreaming. Waking up sleepers during a REM phase is a common way to get dream reports. 80% of typical people can give some kind of dream report under these circumstances. Sleepers awakened from REM tend to give longer more narrative descriptions of the dreams they were experiencing. They estimate the duration of their dreams as longer.

Lucid dreams are reported far more often in REM sleep. The mental events which occur during REM usually have dream 'hallmarks' including narrative structure, convincingness (like waking life), and instinctual themes.

Rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder (RBD) is a sleep disorder (more specifically a parasomnia) in which people act out their dreams.

Apart from its present distribution, nothing is known about the evolution of this brain feature, and its function is not exactly known. Experiments on humans suggests they need rem sleep or they get obvious mental deterioration.

Biblical Museum of Natural History

Biblical Museum of Natural History is a small museum in Beit Shemesh, Israel. It is dedicated to the natural history of the Bible. The museum was established in 2014 by Rabbi Natan Slifkin. 


Discipline (Janet Jackson album)

Discipline is the tenth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. It was released by Island Records on February 26, 2008. It was her first album released on Island Records. It is also her last album as she has decided to leave Island Records and release her albums herself. Jackson was unhappy with Island's promotion of the album.

"Dicipline" received generally favorable reviews from critics. Metacritic gave it a Metascore of 61.



The Monkey's Paw

"The Monkey's Paw" is a supernatural horror short story by William Wymark Jacobs. It was published in 1902, in the book "The Lady of the Barge". It is one of the most famous horror short stories of English literature. It is based on the idea that the holder of a talisman has three wishes. In this case, the talisman is the mummified paw of a monkey. In the story, the wishes are granted, but the results are unexpectedly negative.

The story has been the source for many movies, and a theatre play.


Eduardo Menichetti

Eduardo Menichetti Pilas (1950/51 – 8 July 2007) was a Chilean businessman from Santiago. He was best known as the president of the football club Colo-Colo from 1990 to 1995. During his five-year tenure, the club won three Campeonato Nacional titles and three international titles.

Menichetti died from colorectal cancer on 8 July 2007 at the age of 56. His two children survived him.

Alberto Parodi

Alberto Parodi was a Chilean businessman. He was best known as the first president of the football club Colo-Colo from 1925 to 1926.

Dedrick D. Gobert

Dedrick D. Gobert (born Dedrick Dwayne Fontenot; November 25, 1971 – November 19, 1994) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles in the John Singleton movies "Boyz n the Hood" (1991), "Poetic Justice" (1993), and "Higher Learning" (1995). He was born in Shreveport, Louisiana.

Gobert was murdered on November 19, 1994 in Mira Loma, California. He was 22.

Jack Larson

Jack Edward Larson (February 8, 1928 – September 20, 2015) was an American actor, librettist, screenwriter and producer. He is best known for his role as Jimmy Olsen in the television series "Adventures of Superman" (1952–1958). He also appeared in "" and "" and the movie "Superman Returns" (2006). He retired in 2011.

Larson was born in Los Angeles, California. He grew up in Pasadena, California. He was of Swedish and Russian ancestry. He was gay and his partner of 35 years, director and screenwriter James Bridges, died in 1993.

Larson died on September 20, 2015 in Brentwood, California, aged 87.

Fred DeLuca

Frederick A. "Fred" DeLuca (October 3, 1947 – September 14, 2015) was an American billionaire businessman. He best known as the co-founder and CEO of the Subway franchise of sandwich shops.

DeLuca was born in Brooklyn, New York to Italian American parents. He was married to Elisabeth from 1965 until his death. They had a son, Jonathan.

DeLuca died from leukemia on September 14, 2015 in Lauderdale Lakes, Florida. He was 67.

Review

A review is an evaluation of a publication, service, or company. Popular reviews are about movies, video games, musical compositions or books. Other reviews are about cars, home appliances, or computers. An event or performance like a live music concert, play, musical theater show, dance show, or art exhibition are commonly reviewed. legal case decisions by a lower court may be reviewed by a higher court. In addition to a critical evaluation, the review's author may assign the work a rating to indicate its relative merit. Reviews are generally positive, neutral or negative. 

A compilation of reviews may itself be called a review. "The New York Review of Books", for instance, is a collection of essays on literature, culture, and current affairs. "National Review", founded by William F. Buckley, Jr., is an influential conservative magazine. "Monthly Review" is a long-running socialist periodical. Metacritic creates an average score of published reviews called a metascore.

A user review is one written by someone for a product or a service based on his or her own experience with the reviewed product. Popular sources for consumer reviews are e-commerce sites like Amazon.com or Zappos. Social media sites like TripAdvisor and Yelp contain user reviews. E-commerce sites often have consumer reviews for products and sellers separately. Usually, consumer reviews are in the form of several lines of texts accompanied by a numerical rating. This text is meant to help shoppers make a decision about a product. A consumer review of a product usually has comments on how well the product meets a user's expectations. It talks about how well it does its job, how reliable it is and its quality for the price. Consumer reviews are also called word of mouth. Users also comment on how they were treated by a seller. They may comment on how dependable or trustworthy a seller is.


Survey of Pakistan

Survey of Pakistan is the national mapping agency of Pakistan. The headquarters of the organization is located in the Survey Training Institute in Islamabad.


Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution

Created on December 15, 1791, the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution is a part of the United States Bill of Rights. This amendment establishes a number of legal rights that apply to both civil and criminal proceedings. It contains several clauses: It guarantees the right to a grand jury. It forbids double jeopardy (being tried again for the same crime after an acquittal). It protects a person against self-incrimination (being a witness against himself). This is often called "Pleading the Fifth". The Fifth Amendment requires due process in any case where a citizen may be deprived of "life, liberty, or property". Any time the government takes private property for public use, the owner must be compensated. 

The language of the Fifth Amendment is:

The Fifth Amendment requires the use of grand juries by the federal legal system for all capital and "infamous crimes" (cases involving treason, certain felonies or gross moral turpitude). Grand juries trace their roots back to the Assize of Clarendon, an enactment by Henry II of England in 1166. The United States is one of the few remaining countries that uses the grand jury.

The Double Jeopardy clause in the Fifth Amendment forbids a defendant from being tried again on the same (or similar) charges in the same case following a legitimate acquittal or conviction. In common law countries, a defendant may enter a peremptory plea of "autrefois acquit" or "autrefois convict" ("autrefois" means "in the past" in French). It means if the defendant has been acquitted or convicted of the same offence and cannot be retried under the principle of double jeopardy. The original intent of the clause is to prevent an individual to go through a number of prosecutions for the same act until the prosecutor gets a conviction.

In a criminal prosecution, under the Fifth Amendment, a person has the right to refuse to incriminate himself (or herself). No person is required to give information that could be used against him. This is also called "taking the Fifth" or more commonly "pleading the Fifth." The intent of this clause is to prevent the government from making a person confess under oath. A person may not refuse to answer any relevant question under oath unless the answer would incriminate him. If the answer to a question on the witness stand could be used to convict that person of a crime, he can assert his Fifth Amendment rights. 

The authors of the Fifth Amendment intended the provisions in it apply only to the federal government. Since 1925, under the incorporation doctrine, most provisions of the Bill of Rights now also apply to the state and local governments. Since the landmark decision Miranda v. Arizona, 384 U.S. 436 (1966), when they arrest someone, police are required to include the "right to remain silent" as part of the legal Miranda warning (the wording may vary).

The due process clause guarantees every person a fair, just and orderly legal proceeding. The Fifth Amendment applies to the federal government. The Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, among other provisions, forbids states from denying anyone their life, their liberty or their property without due process of law So the Fourteenth Amendment expands the Due Process clause of the Fifth Amendment to apply to the states. Due process means the government must follow the law and not violate any parts of it. An example of violating due process is when a judge shows bias against the defendant in a trial. Another example is when the prosecution fails to disclose information to the defense that would show the defendant is not guilty of the crime. 

The Takings Clause of the Fifth Amendment states "private property [shall not] be taken for public use, without just compensation." The Fifth Amendment restricts only the federal government. The Fourteenth Amendment extended this clause to include actions taken by State and local governments. Whenever the government wants to buy property for public use, they make an offer to the owner. If the owner does not want to sell the property, the government can take them to court and exercise a power called eminent domain. The name comes from the Latin term "dominium eminens" (meaning supreme lordship). The court then condemns the property (meaning say it can no longer be occupied by people). This allows the government to take over the property, but must pay "just compensation" to the owner. In other words, the government body must pay what the property is worth. 

A case heard before the U.S. Supreme Court, Kelo v. City of New London, 545 U.S. 469 (2005), was decided in favor of allowing the use of eminent domain to transfer land from one private owner to another private owner. The court upheld the city of New London, Connecticut's proposed use of the petitioner's private property qualifies as a "public use" fell within the meaning of the Takings Clause. The city felt the property was in poor condition and the new owner would improve it. This extension of the Takings Clause has been very controversal.

The Velvet Rope

The Velvet Rope is the sixth studio album by American singer Janet Jackson. The album was released on October 7, 1997 through Virgin Records. It was the last album that Jackson would use her full name on the title. "The Velvet Rope" was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

"The Velvet Rope" received mixed to positive reviews.


Credits adapted from AllMusic.




M. F. Husain

Maqbool Fida Husain (17 September 1915 – 9 June 2011; ) commonly known as MF Husain, was a modern Indian painter. He was a founding member of The Progressive Artists Group of Bombay (PAG). He is thought to be one of the greatest painters of India.

M. F. Husain died, aged 95, on 9 June 2011, following a heart attack. He had been unwell for several months. He died at the Royal Brompton Hospital in London, and was buried in Brookwood Cemetery on 10 June 2011.

C. K. Williams

Charles Kenneth "C. K." Williams (November 4, 1936 – September 20, 2015) was an American poet, critic and translator. Williams won nearly every major poetry award. "Flesh and Blood" won the National Book Critics Circle Award in 1987. "Repair" (1999) won the 2000 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry, was a National Book Award finalist and won the Los Angeles Times Book Prize. "The Singing" won the National Book Award, 2003 and in 2005 Williams received the Ruth Lilly Poetry Prize.

Williams died of multiple myeloma. 


Dorothea Warren O'Hara

Dorothea Warren O'Hara (August 31, 1873 - May 1972) was an American ceramic artist who won the Lifetime Membership Prize from the National Arts Club and a gold medal at the Panama–Pacific International Exposition. She was president of the Keramic Society of Greater New York and president of the New York National Society of Craftsmen.

She was born as Dorothea Warren on August 31, 1873 in Kansas City, Missouri. In 1915 she won the Lifetime Membership Prize from the National Arts Club and a gold medal at the Panama–Pacific International Exposition. In 1923 she published "The Art of Enameling on Porcelain". She died in May 1972 in Delray Beach, Florida.

He works are on display at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City and the Ueno Royal Museum in Tokyo.



Bill Erwin

William Lindsey "Bill" Erwin (December 2, 1914 – December 29, 2010) was an American movie, stage and television actor with over 250 television and movie credits. As a veteran character actor, he was widely known for his role of Sid Fields on "Seinfeld" – for which he received an Emmy nomination – as well his appearances on shows such as "I Love Lucy" and "".

Cello Suites (Bach)

The Six suites for unaccompanied cello by Johann Sebastian Bach are some of the most often performed and recognizable solo compositions ever written for cello. They were most likely composed during the period 1717–1723, when Bach served as a Kapellmeister in Köthen. The title of Anna Magdalena Bach's manuscript was "Suites á Violoncello Solo senza Basso".

The suites have been performed and recorded by many famous cellists; like Mstislav Rostropovich, Emanuel Feuermann, Pierre Fournier, Jacqueline du Pré, Paul Tortelier, André Navarra, Yo-Yo Ma, Gregor Piatigorsky, Mischa Maisky, János Starker, Anner Bijlsma or Heinrich Schiff. Yo-Yo Ma won the 1985 Best Instrumental Soloist Grammy Award for his bestselling album "Six Unaccompanied Cello Suites".


Suicide Squad (movie)

Suicide Squad is an American superhero movie based on the DC Comics team of the same name.

The movie was written and directed by David Ayer. It starred a cast featuring Will Smith, Jared Leto, Margot Robbie, Joel Kinnaman, Jai Courtney, Cara Delevingne, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Karen Fukuhara, Jay Hernandez, Adam Beach, and Viola Davis with Ben Affleck as Batman and Ezra Miller as The Flash.

By February 2009, a "Suicide Squad" movie was being made at Warner Bros. Pictures. David Ayer signed on to write and direct in September 2014 and by October the casting process had begun. Principal photography began on April 13, 2015 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and in Chicago, Illinois, and ended in August that year. The film was released on August 5, 2016 in 2D, 3D, and IMAX 3D.

A sequel, titled "The Suicide Squad", will be released in August 2021.

Black Mass (movie)

Black Mass is a 2015 American crime movie directed by Scott Cooper and written by Mark Mallouk and Jez Butterworth. It is based on the 2001 book "Black Mass: The True Story of an Unholy Alliance Between the FBI and the Irish Mob" by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill. 

The movie stars Johnny Depp, Joel Edgerton, Benedict Cumberbatch, Kevin Bacon, Jesse Plemons, Peter Sarsgaard, Rory Cochrane, Adam Scott, Dakota Johnson, and Corey Stoll.

The movie is about the criminal career of infamous Irish-American mobster Whitey Bulger (Depp). The movie was released to positive reviews on September 18, 2015.

Marcin Wrona

Marcin Wrona (25 March 1973 – 19 September 2015) was a Polish director and screenwriter. His movies "The Christening" and "Demon" were both shown at the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF) in 2010 and 2015, respectively.

Wrona was born in Tarnów. His wife, Olga Szymanska, served as a producer for "Demon".

Wrona was found dead hanging on 19 September 2015 at a hotel room in Gdynia. He was 42. His death was ruled a suicide.

Farhang Mehr

Farhang Mehr (11 December 1923 – 4 March 2018) was an American political scientist, academic and researcher, and former Iranian politician. He was a Zoroastrian.

Mehr was born in a Zoroastrian family in Tehran. His father, Mehraban, was from the province of Kerman, and migrated to Tehran when he was 14 years old. He went on to become Chief Accountant in the Iranian Parliament.

He joined the National Iranian Oil Company. He was the head of the Department of International Contracts and Industrial Relations.

He was then nominated by the prime minister to serve as the Minister of Finance. However, he could not become a minister under Iran’s constitutional law which preserved the ministerial posts for Muslims only.

Mehr’s last position in Iran, prior to the Islamic Revolution of 1979, was president of Pahlavi University in Shiraz. During his presidency, the university became internationally known for its academic excellence .

In 1981, two years after the establishment of the Revolutionary Islamic Republic of Iran, Mehr migrated to the United States. There he joined Boston University as Professor of International Relations.

Mehr died on 4 March 2018 at the age of 94.



Girl (album)

Girl is the second studio album by American recording artist Pharrell Williams. The album was released on March 3, 2014, through Williams' label i Am Other and Columbia Records. "Girl" followed Williams' first studio album, "In My Mind" (2006).

"Girl" received generally positive reviews from critics.


Number 1 to Infinity



Il racconto della nonna

Il racconto della nonna (The Tale of the Grandmother) is a musical composition by Giulio Ricordi. Are the seven pieces for piano, is a look at the adult world of childhood, that a true collection of pieces for children.



Yoram Gross

Yoram Jerzy Gross (18 October 1926 – 21 September 2015) was an Australian producer of children's and family entertainment. His company, Flying Bark Productions, is best known for producing the movies "Dot and the Kangaroo" (1977) and "Blinky Bill" (1992).

Gross was born in Kraków, Poland to Jewish parents. His brother was screenwriter, director and producer Natan Gross (1919–2005). In 1950, he moved to Israel. He later moved to Australia in 1968 with his wife and young family.

Gross died in 21 September 2015 in Sydney, New South Wales, aged 88.

Isaac Isaacs

Sir Isaac Alfred Isaacs (6 June 1855 – 11 February 1948) was an Australian judge and politician. He served as the Chief Justice of Australia from 2 April 1930 until 21 January 1931. He also served as the 9th, and first Australian-born, Governor-General from 21 January 1931 until 23 January 1936.

Isaacs was born in Melbourne, Victoria. His parents, German-born Alfred Isaacs and English-born Rebecca Abrahams, were Jewish immigrants. He was married to Deborah "Daisy" Jacobs () from 1888 until Isaacs' death. He had two daughters. He was strongly against Zionism.

Isaacs died after an illness on 11 February 1948 in South Yarra, Melbourne, aged 92. He was given a state funeral and was buried in the Melbourne General Cemetery after a synagogue service.


Armen Movsisyan

Armen Movsisyan ; 13 January 1962 – 21 September 2015) was an Armenian politician. He was the Minister of Energy and Natural Resources from 18 April 2001 until 30 April 2014. He was born in Kapan.

Movsisyan died from cancer on 21 September 2015 in Germany, aged 53.

Ahmed Mohamed clock incident

Ahmed Mohamed is a 14-year-old student who was arrested in Irving, Texas in September 2015. The arrest happened after a teacher, and later the police mistook a clock he had taken apart for a hoax bomb. His arrest caused a huge controversy.

US President Barack Obama invited him to the White House. President Obama and others complimented Mohamed for his inventive nature. Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg and Hillary Rodham Clinton also gave him support.

His father, Mohamed Elhassan Mohamed, ran in the election for President of Sudan in 2010 and 2015. The elder Mohamed is the director of the Islamic Sufi Center in Texas.

William Baker Rock

William Baker Rock (August 5, 1872 - June 27, 1922) was a vaudeville comedian and dancer. He was a partner with Maude Fulton in the vaudeville act of Rock and Fulton. He later was a partner with Frances White (1898-1969) as Rock and White.

He was born on August 5, 1872 in Evansville, Indiana to William Beverly Rock and Matilda Baker. He married Jane Ryder on October 5, 1905 in Manhattan, New York City. He married Gladys Tilbury of Brighton, England. On July 6, 1921 he married Hiler Eby of Altoona, Pennsylvania. She appeared with him in "Hitchy-Koo". On July 13, 1921 he was hospitalized and had one-third of his stomach removed. He died on June 27, 1922 at the National Stomach Hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania of cancer of the stomach. He was buried in Fairview Cemetery in Bowling Green, Kentucky.

Library of Congress Control Number

The Library of Congress Control Number is a number given to an item in the Library of Congress. It is used to identify items in the Library's collection. Each number is issued as part of a series. It is not based on a classification system. The numbering system began in 1898, and it was called the Library of Congress Card Number.

The Library made cards for its library catalogue, and they also made cards which could be sold to other libraries. They introduced the number to identify the sets of cards.

Librarians around the world still use the number, especially when identifying books published in the United States.

The number has two parts; the first is a two digit number based on the year, and the second is the next number in the series, written as a six digit number. Since 2001, the year has been written as a four digit number.


Terry Jones (pastor)

Terry Jones (born October 1951) is the pastor of Dove World Outreach Center, a small nondenominational Christian church located, until July 2013, in Gainesville, Florida, USA. He is the President of a political group, Stand Up America Now. He ran for President of the United States in 2012 and 2016.

Bright Lights (Matchbox Twenty song)

"Bright Lights" is the third single from Matchbox Twenty's third album, More Than You Think You Are. The song proved to be a moderate hit for the band. It peaked at 23 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song is written by lead singer Rob Thomas. It is about a girl who leaves her hometown looking for . Throughout the song, he lets the girl know she can come home if things don't work out.

Unwell

"Unwell" is the second single from Matchbox Twenty's third album, "More Than You Think You Are". It was written by Matchbox Twenty lead singer Rob Thomas. It was very successful on the radio, and spent 20 weeks at the top of the U.S. Adult Top 40 charts. The song is about a person who claims to not be crazy even though they're suffering from various occurrences that could lead them to be labeled as such. Rob Thomas states on the live DVD "Show" that he wrote the song to be a metaphor for humanity in general, a song for people who are "fucked up and feel alone like that. We all feel a little fucked up sometimes... you're not alone." This song is a staple of adult contemporary stations even years after its release. The song also was the second most played song in the United States for 2003 according to Billboard.

Phyllis Tickle

Phyllis A. Tickle (March 12, 1934 – September 22, 2015) was an American writer and educator. Her main field was spirituality and religion issues. She was best known for writing "The Divine Hours" series of books. She was a member of the Episcopal Church and wrote around forty books. She started off serving as the founding editor of the religion department at "Publishers Weekly". Tickle had been quoted by many different media outlets, including "Newsweek", "Time", "Life", "The New York Times", "USA Today", CNN, C-SPAN, PBS, The History Channel, the BBC and VOA. 

Tickle was born in Johnson City, Tennessee. She married her husband Samuel Tickle, Sr. in 1955. He died on January 2, 2015. They had seven children.

Tickle died from lung cancer on September 22, 2015 in Millington, Tennessee. She was 81.

Johnson City, Tennessee

Johnson City is a city in Washington, Carter, and Sullivan counties in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is mostly in Washington County. The population is 71,046, making it the eighth largest city in Tennessee. During the American Civil War before 1869 the name of the town was briefly changed to "Haynesville" in honor of Confederate Senator Landon Carter Haynes.

Johnson City is the principal city of the Johnson City Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is also a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, Tennessee–Virginia Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region. The CSA is the fifth-largest in Tennessee with an estimated 500,530 residents.

The popular citrus soda Mountain Dew traces its origins to Johnson City. In July 2012, PepsiCo announced a new flavored version of the drink named "Mountain Dew Johnson City Gold" in honor of the city. The drink was test marketed in the Chicago metropolitan area, Denver, and Charlotte, beginning in late August.

East Tennessee State University has around 16,000 students in addition to a K-12 University School, a laboratory school of about 540 students. University School was the first laboratory school in the nation to adopt a year-round academic schedule.

Milligan University is just outside the city limits in Carter County. It has about 1,200 students in undergraduate and graduate programs.

Northeast State Community College has renovated a building in downtown Johnson City for use as a new satellite teaching site.

Tusculum College is on the north side of Johnson City in the Boones Creek area.

Millington, Tennessee

Millington is a city in Shelby County, Tennessee, United States. As of 2020, 10,582 people live in Millington.

Washington Metro

The Washington Metro is a rapid transit system that serves the Washington, D.C. area in the United States. It has the second busiest rapid transit system in the United States. The New York City Subway is the busiest.

There are six lines in this system:

The first part of the metro system opened on March 27, 1976. The rail system was completed on May 19th, 2023. 

2000-series
3000-series
6000-series
7000-series

Brigham Young University–Idaho

Brigham Young University–Idaho (BYU–Idaho or BYU–I) is a private university in Rexburg, Idaho. It was founded in 1888. The university is owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). BYU-Idaho changed from a junior college to a four-year university in 2001. For most of its history it was known as Ricks College.

BYU-Idaho offers programs in liberal arts including the sciences, engineering, agriculture, management, and performing arts. The university is organized into six colleges. Its parent organization, the Church Educational System (CES), sponsors sister schools in Utah and Hawaii. The university's focus is on undergraduate education. It offers 18 associate and over 70 bachelor's degree programs. BYU-Idaho operates using a three-semester system also known as "tracks".

Students at BYU-Idaho are required to follow an honor code. About 99 percent of the university's students are members of the LDS Church. A significant percentage of the student body take an 18- (women) or 24-month (men) break from their studies to serve as missionaries. A BYU-Idaho education is generally less expensive than similar private universities. This is due to a significant help by LDS Church tithing funds, helping keep tuition rates low.

Firooz Bahram High School

Firooz Bahram High School () is one of Tehran's oldest high schools.

The architecture of the building belongs to Qajar era of Iran. It is a historical place of Tehran.

This school was built in 1932, on Zoroastrian land. The school was named after an Iranian Zoroastrian named Firooz. He died in the Mediterranean Sea in World War I.

The school's establishment was supported by Keikhosrow Shahrokh, the Zoroastrian representative in Iranian Parliament.

Pakistan Super League

Pakistan Super League (PSL) is a professional Twenty20 cricket tournament in Pakistan. Organised by the Pakistan Cricket Board, the first season of PSL took place between February 4 and 24 in 2016. The tournament was held in the United Arab Emirates. The tournament has five franchise teams: Islamabad United, Karachi Kings, Lahore Qalandars, Peshawar Zalmi and Quetta Gladiators and foreign coaches to improve the team's performance. 

The fourth edition of the Pakistan Super League will take place in February / March 2019. The tournament is scheduled to start on February 14 2019 and the final would be held on March 17 2019.

The seventh edition of the Pakistan Super League was started from 27 January 2022 to 27 February 2022. The current winner is Lahore Qalandars.

The editions with the winning team are listed below:

Source: https://www.cricingif.com/news/26618/Pakistan-Super-League 

Pakistan super League complete details first psl to 8 psl schedule, psl ceremony date Final details complete details available ,


Yogi Berra

Lawrence Peter "Yogi" Berra (May 12, 1925 – September 22, 2015) was an American baseball catcher, manager, and coach. He played almost his entire career for the Major League Baseball (MLB) team New York Yankees (1946–1963). He played for the New York Mets in 1965, and also coached the team. He won a record 13 World Series, as a player and coach. 

He is said to be one of the best catchers in baseball history. He was added to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1972. He was well known for his quotes, including "It ain't over 'til it's over." Berra sued Hanna-Barbera for defamation over the character Yogi Bear, but later withdrew the lawsuit.

Berra was born in St. Louis, Missouri. His parents were Italian immigrants. He married his wife Carmen on January 26, 1949. They had three sons, including Dale Berra. Carmen died from a stroke on March 6, 2014. She was 88 years old.

Berra died from natural causes on September 22, 2015 in West Caldwell, New Jersey, aged 90. His remains were cremated and later buried at a cemetery in New Jersey.

Mike Gibson (sports journalist)

Mike Gibson (27 May 1940 – 23 September 2015), nicknamed "Gibbo", was an Australian sports journalist and television presenter. He was an original presenter of "Nine's Wide World of Sports" and hosted "The Back Page" on Fox Sports for 16 years. He retired in 2013.

Gibson was born in Sydney, New South Wales. He was married to his wife Helen from 1959 until their divorce in 1989. He had five children.

Gibson died on 23 September 2015 at his Central Coast home in New South Wales. He was 75. He had depression and his death was ruled a suicide.

Hermanns tortoises

The Hermann's tortoise (Testudo hermanni ) is a small to medium size species of tortoise. They are native to southern Europe. They also live in nearby islands in the Mediterranean Sea. Their range is from Romania and Greece to southern Spain. About 25% of them live on the Italian Peninsula. 

Hermann's tortoises are a golden brown color. They have two dark stripes on their underside or belly. They usually have black markings. In size, they range from to in length. Females are larger than males. They also become sexually mature sooner. Their diet includes leaves, flowers and fruit. It was a popular pet but are now a protected species.

<br>

University of Chieti-Pescara

Università degli Studi Gabriele d'Annunzio () is a public university in Chieti and Pescara, Italy. It was started in 1965. 


Odesza

Odesza (also seen as ODESZA) are an American electronic music duo. They are from Seattle. Their members are Harrison Mills and Clayton Knight. The group was created in 2012 before Mills and Knight graduated from Western Washington University. Their first album, "Summer's Gone", was released in 2012. There was a lot of excitement about this album in the underground electronic music community. After "Summer's Gone, ODESZA released" their first EP, "My Friends Never Die", in 2013. They released their second LP, "In Return", in 2014, their first record backed by a big music company, Counter Records. The duo released "In Return (Deluxe Edition)" on September 18, 2015, also through Counter. This extended version of the original album had three new live recordings all featuring a horn section, instrumental music, and a new song “Light (feat. Little Dragon)”.

Harrison Mills and Clayton Knight met each other during their first year at Western Washington University. The two did not study the same things. Knight studied physics and math while Mills studied graphic design. They did not begin creating music together until their senior year in 2012. As a child, Knight was taught how to play piano.  Later, he learned guitar. The duo quickly released their first Long Play, "Summer's Gone", on September 5 the same year. On November 9, 2012, ODESZA performed their first show. They performed first for Teen Daze and Beat Connection in Bellingham, WA. They soon hit 1 million Soundcloud plays. Their debut EP, "My Friends Never Die", was released a year later. ODESZA was booked to perform first for Pretty Lights on his tour called the Analog Future Tour in the fall of 2013. Their first big tour started on March 12, 2014. ODESZA had 30 million Soundcloud plays on October 1, 2014. On October 17, 2014, ODESZA's "In Return" North American tour sold out 28 shows. Twenty-four ODESZA tracks have hit #1 on the website Hype Machine. These include "How Did I Get Here", "Memories That You Call", "Lights", "All We Need (Autograf Remix)", and several others. Their first festival performance was at Sasquatch! Music Festival in George, WA. This was followed by performances at over 20 festivals, including the following: Coachella, SXSW, Hangout Festival, Lightning In A Bottle, Governor's Ball Music Festival, Bonnaroo Music Festival, Firefly Music Festival, Free Press Summer Fest, What The Festival?!, Electric Forest Festival, Splash Festival, Montreux Jazz Festival, Skral Festival, Sea Dance Festival, Melt! Festival, WayHome Music Festival, HARD Summer Music Festival, Lollapalooza, Squamish Valley Music Festival, Outside Lands, Summer Set Music Festival, Ilesoniq Festival, Chiemsee Summer Festival, MS Dockville Festival, Pukkelpop Festival, and Positiv Festival. Upcoming festival appearances include Mad Decent Block Party, Sun City Music Festival, Backwoods Music Festival, Fun Fun Fun Fest, and Holy Ship!.

Odesza is the Hungarian spelling for the city of Odessa, Ukraine. The band's name comes from the name from Mills' uncle's ship, which sank. Only his uncle and one other crew mate survived. Since the spelling "Odessa" was already being used by a Scottish synth band, they instead used the Hungarian spelling, replacing the "ss" with "sz".

Individually, Mills is known as Catacombkid. Knight is known as Beaches Beaches. When asked how Mills got his nickname he says, "I got into Aesop Rock and he has a song called 'Catacomb Kids.' I thought it sounded cool." Knight got his nickname when, "...I was high in my bedroom making music one day…"

James David Santini

James David Santini (August 13, 1937 – September 22, 2015) was an American politician. He served as a United States Representative from Nevada from 1975 through 1983.

Santini died on September 22, 2015, in Rockville, Maryland from esophageal cancer, aged 78.

Carlos Álvarez-Nóvoa

Carlos Álvarez-Nóvoa Sánchez (1940 – 23 September 2015) was a Spanish theatre director, writer, actor and lecturer. He won the 2000 Goya Award for Best New Actor for his performance as Vecino.

Mind Body &amp; Soul

Mind Body & Soul is the second studio album by English singer-songwriter Joss Stone. It was d on 15 September 2004 by S-Curve Records. It is her first album to have songs that were not mainly covers, unlike "The Soul Sessions" (2003).

"Mind Body & Soul" received generally positive reviews from music critics.


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Mind Body & Soul".



Peter Stormare

Peter Rolf Ingvar Storm (born 27 August 1953), known professionally as Peter Stormare (), is a Swedish actor, theatre director, playwright, and musician. He is perhaps best known for playing Gaear Grimsrud in the 1996 movie "Fargo". He is also well known for his role as John Abruzzi in the Fox series "Prison Break".


Until Dawn

Until Dawn is an interactive drama survival horror video game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 4. It was originally scheduled to be released on the PlayStation 3 and feature PlayStation Move support, but in August 2014, the game was reintroduced as a PlayStation 4 exclusive, and was released worldwide in August 2015.

Nancy Bernstein

Nancy Bernstein (1960 – September 18, 2015) was an American visual effects producer. She worked at Digital Domain and was later Head of Production at DreamWorks Animation. She produced the DreamWorks movie "Rise of the Guardians" (2012).

Bernstein died on September 18, 2015 in California, aged 55. She had colorectal cancer and was diagnosed in December 2011.

Cecilia (songwriter)

Evangelina Sobredo Galanes also known as Cecilia (born 11 October, 1948, Madrid, Spain - d. 2 August, 1976, Castile and León, Spain) was a Spanish singer-songwriter. Galanes took her stage name "Cecilia" from the Simon and Garfunkel song of the same name. She was known for her singles: "Un ramito de violetas", "Mi querida España" and "Dama, dama". All of them were hit records during the 1970s.

Cecilia was born in El Pardo (Madrid's district and municipality) in 1948. Her father, José Ramón Sobredo, was a military officer and diplomat. During her childhood she lived in other countries such as the United Kingdom, the United States, Portugal, Algeria and Jordan. She learned to speak English in addition to her native Spanish language. Her first few works were in English, but the rest were in Spanish. She studied music at a convent school in the United States. A nun taught her to play the guitar. When she returned to Spain she attended law school, but left her studies in order to work in the music industry.

In 1966 she began her career, but did not release her first album until 1970. It was titled "Expresión". The album included songs in English such as "Try Catch the Sun" and "Have You Ever Had a Blue Day". She released the albums "Cecilia" (1972), "Cecilia 2" (1973),"Un ramito de violetas" (1975) and "Amor de medianoche" (1975).

Like many other artists in Spain, Cecilia had to deal with the censorship of General Franco´s government. Some lyrics and photographs from the albums had to be changed or even removed before they were approved. Any mention of feminism or to the Spanish Civil War were controversial. The song "Un millón de muertos" ("A million dead") even after being changed to "Un millón de sueños" ("A million dreams") was not approved to be played on the radio in Spain. "Cecilia 2" was the name that replaced "Me quedaré soltera" ("I will remain single") as the album name due to the feminism behind that statement. The front cover of the record, originally showing a pregnant Cecilia, was promptly removed by the record company. The super-hit "Mi querida España" had some words deleted on the final version to minimize references to the Civil War and the end of the dictatorship. However, the original lyrics made it into print and came out in the inner side of the gatefold cover of the album.

On 2 August 1976, Cecilia was returning from a concert in Vigo, Galicia. She was in a car accident on the C-620 highway (currently N-525) near Colinas de Trasmonte. The accident happened at 05:40 (local time). She died at the scene after being hit by a cattle truck.

Cecilia was buried in La Almudena's cemetery in Madrid.




2015 Mina stampede

On 24 September 2015, a human stampede happened in the neighbourhood of Mina in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. At least 769 people were killed and another 934 were injured. 1,014 people are missing. The victims were mostly foreign Muslims in Mecca for the annual Hajj.

Al Seckel

Alfred Paul "Al" Seckel (September 3, 1958 – 2015) was an American writer and sceptic. He was best known for helping to make optical illusions popular worldwide. He wrote around twenty books between the 1980s and 2000s.

Seckle was born in New York City and grew up in New Rochelle, New York. His mother was composer Ruth Schönthal (1924–2006). He was of Jewish ancestry. He had one daughter, born in 1987. He was an atheist.

Seckle died in September 2015 near his home in France, aged 57.

Cecilia (Simon &amp; Garfunkel song)

"Cecilia" is a song by American folk rock duo, singer-songwriter Paul Simon and singer Art Garfunkel. The song was released in April 1970 as the third single from the group's fifth and last studio album, "Bridge over Troubled Water" (1970). The song was written by Paul Simon. the song's origins lie in a late-night party. They got the rhythm when the duo and friends began slapping their thighs and drumming on a piano bench. They recorded the sound with a tape recorder, employing reverb and matching the rhythm created by the machine. Simon later wrote the song's guitar line and lyrics on the subject of an untrustworthy lover. Simon didn't remember what inspired him but he remembered Cecilia was the goddess of music.

The song was a hit single in the United States, peaking at number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100. On the "Cash Box" Top 100, it reached number one.

"Cecilia" also did well in Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, and Spain, where it reached number two, and also in Switzerland and Belgium, where it peaked at number three. The song has been the subject of numerous cover versions, most notably by the singer Suggs, whose version featured the ragga duo, Louchie Lou & Michie One and reached number four in the United Kingdom in 1996. In Malawi the song is banned. The president of the country thought the song was offensive to his official hostess, Cecilia Tamanda Kadzamira. 

Cecilia, you're breaking my heart<br>
You're shaking my confidence daily<br>
Oh, Cecilia, I'm down on my knees<br>
I'm begging you please to come home<br>

Cecilia, you're breaking my heart<br>
You're shaking my confidence daily<br>
Oh, Cecilia, I'm down on my knees<br>
I'm begging you please to come home<br>
Come on home<br>

Making love in the afternoon with Cecilia<br>
Up in my bedroom (making love)<br>
I got up to wash my face<br>
When I come back to bed someone's taken my place<br>

Cecilia, you're breaking my heart<br>
You're shaking my confidence daily<br>
Oh, Cecilia, I'm down on my knees<br>
I'm begging you please to come home<br>
Come on home<br>

Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba, ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba


150 North Riverside

150 North Riverside Plaza is a high-rise building in Chicago. The building is 54 stories tall. The building occupies a two-acre site on the west bank of the Chicago River. 

River Point

200 North Riverside Plaza, also known as River Point, is a 52-story 730 ft. (213 m) tall skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois. The 50 floor building has 92,900 m of floors space. It was developed by Hines and designed by Pickard Chilton. A groundbreaking ceremony was held for the tower in January 2013.

Paul Volcker

Paul Adolph Volcker, Jr. (September 5, 1927 – December 8, 2019) was an American economist. He was Chair of the Federal Reserve under Presidents Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan from August 1979 to August 1987. 

He was widely credited with ending the high levels of inflation seen in the United States during the 1970s and early 1980s. He was the chairman of the Economic Recovery Advisory Board under Barack Obama from February 2009 until January 2011.

In 2018, Volcker was diagnosed with prostate cancer. He died on December 8, 2019 in New York City, aged 92.

James Cross

James Richard "Jasper" Cross, CMG (29 September 1921 – 6 January 2021) was a British former diplomat in Canada. He was kidnapped by Front de libération du Québec (FLQ) militants during the October Crisis of October 1970.

On 5 October 1970, Cross was abducted at gunpoint from his British diplomatic residence at 1297 Redpath Crescent, in the Golden Square Mile district of Montreal, and held as a hostage for two months as the FLQ made a series of demands to the Quebec government. He was released on December 3 in exchange for safe passage for his abductors to Cuba.

Cross died on 6 January 2021 from COVID-19. He was 99.

Elaine Tanner

Elaine Tanner-Watt, OC (born February 22, 1951) is a Canadian retired professional swimmer. She was a backstroke, butterfly, and freestyle swimmer. She was nicknamed "Mighty Mouse" because of her small height but also because of her competitive drive.
Tanner competed for Canada at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Kingston, Jamaica. While there, she was able to win four gold medals and three silver medals. By doing this, she became the first woman to ever win four golds at a Commonwealth Games. In 1966, Tanner was awarded the Lou Marsh Trophy for being Canada's top athlete. She became the youngest person to ever win the award. The same year, she also won the Bobbie Rosenfeld Award for Canada's female athlete of the year.

In 1967, Tanner competed at the Pan American Games in Winnipeg. She won two gold medals and three silver medals at the games. She was also able to break two world records.

Tanner competed for Canada at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. She won two individual silver medals and one relay bronze medal broke the Olympic record in the preliminary no one beat her. Sadly prior political sports interference she would not allowed her long time successful coach Howard Forbey to go the the most important event of her life the Olympics WHY? A rookie new coach told her to change her rare strategy elaine being a blind obedient soldier changed to started slow compared to her always blast off start to finish she lost her first race to a rival that never beat her ever prior by a hand touch. Elaine was the overwhelming favorite she felt she let Canada down as she was touted Canada's only Gold medal. Headlines read Tanner Loses Gold rather than being the first women in Canada to win at the Olympics in swimming actually 3 medals total a first ever. No parades brutal negative press sports authorities threw her under the Bus 17 year young old teenager. She suffered from depression and retired from competition after the 1968 Olympics at 18 years of age.

She was made an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1969 and was inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1971. Since 1972, the Elaine Tanner Award has been given to Canada’s top junior female athlete.


Denis Sonet

Denis Sonet (1926 – 23 September 2015) was a French Catholic priest, chaplain, marriage counselor, and educator. He worked for the CLER Amour et Famille from 1969 until his death. He also wrote over thirty books and appeared in around five DVDs.

Dragan Holcer

Dragan Holcer (19 January 1945 – 23 September 2015) was a Croatian football defender. He played for FK Radnički Niš, HNK Hajduk Split, VfB Stuttgart, FC Schalke 04 and the Yugoslavia national team.

Holcer was born in a Nazi prison camp in Zwiesel, Bavaria, Germany. His mother was Austrian-Italian and his father was Slovenian.

Holcer died on 23 September 2015 in Split, aged 70.

Sannahed

Sannahed is a locality in Kumla Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 417 people lived there.

Hachikō

Hachikō (November 10, 1923 – March 8, 1935) was an Akita dog. He is best known for his unusual loyalty. He remained a faithful pet for many years after his owner died. He was so loyal he is now a statue at the station he waited for his owner at.

The dog was born on a farm near the city of Ōdate in Akita Prefecture.

In 1924, Hidesaburō Ueno, a professor in the agriculture department at the University of Tokyo, took Hachikō, a golden brown Akita as a pet. During his owner's life, Hachikō greeted him at the end of each day at the nearby Shibuya Station. The two kept their daily routine until May 1925, when Professor Ueno did not come back to the train station. The professor had died of a cerebral hemorrhage. Each day for the next nine years, nine months and fifteen days, Hachikō waited for Ueno's return. He showed up at the exact time the train was due at the station.

Other travellers begin to notice Hachikō still showing up. Many of the people had seen Hachikō and Professor Ueno meet each afternoon. At first, people who worked at the station were not very friendly to the dog. But after a story was written about him in "Asahi Shinbun", people started to bring Hachikō treats and food for him to eat while he waited.

In 1932 one of Ueno's students Hirokichi Saito (who had learned much about the Akita breed) saw the dog at the station. He followed him to the home of the former gardener of Professor Ueno—Kikuzaboro Kobayashi, where he learned the history of Hachikō's life. Shortly after this meeting, the former student published a census of all the Akitas in Japan. His research found only 30 purebred Akitas still alive, including Hachikō from Shibuya Station.

Saito went back many times to visit Hachikō. Over the years he wrote several news stories about the dog's remarkable loyalty. In 1932 one of these stories, published in the Tokyo "Asahi Shinbun", made Hachikō a national sensation.

His faithfulness to his master's memory meant a spirit of family loyalty for all Japanese people to achieve. Teachers and parents used Hachikō's devotional watching for his master as an example for children to follow. A well-known Japanese artist made a sculpture of the dog, and in Japan a new awareness of the Akita breed grew.

At last, Hachikō's legendary faithfulness became a national symbol of loyalty to the Emperor of Japan himself.

Hachikō died on March 8, 1935, and was found on a street in Shibuya.


Ellis Kaut

Elisabeth "Ellis" Kaut (17 November 1920 – 24 September 2015) was a German author of children's literature. She was best known for her creation of Pumuckl, an imp appearing in radio plays and TV series. She also published novellas and some illustrated books.

Kaut was born in Stuttgart, Germany. Her parents moved the family to Munich when she was two years old. In 1938, aged 18, Kaut was elected the first official Münchner Kindl for that year. In 1939 she married author Kurt Preis. She continuing to live in Munich. They had a daughter, Ursula, born in March 1945. Kaut received actor's training, then studied sculpting. From 1948 she was a freelance author. She also had some speaking parts in radio plays in the 1950s and 1960s. She supervised children's programmes at Bayerischer Rundfunk. She was also active as a painter and photographer. In a 2010 interview, Kaut said that writing was always hard work for her.

Kaut's husband died in 1991. Her last place of residence was in the district of Pasing in Munich. On 24 September 2015, aged 94, she died in a nursing home near Fürstenfeldbruck. She had been ill for a long time.



Tony Goldwyn

Anthony Howard Goldwyn (born May 20, 1960) is an American actor, director, producer, singer and political activist. His well-known roles include Carl Bruner in "Ghost", Tarzan in "Tarzan", Colonel Bagley in "The Last Samurai" and the President in the ABC political drama "Scandal".

Goldwyn was born on May 20, 1960 in Los Angeles, California, the son of actress Jennifer Howard and film producer Samuel Goldwyn Jr. Goldwyn's paternal grandparents were mogul Samuel Goldwyn, a Polish Jewish immigrant, from Warsaw, and actress Frances Howard, who was originally from Nebraska.

Following his departure from drama school, Goldwyn began acting in guest star roles in the mid-1980s. Goldwyn is well known for his portrayal of Carl Bruner, friend-turned-betrayer of Patrick Swayze's character Sam Wheat in "Ghost". He is also well known for his turn on the comedy series "Designing Women", in which he played a young interior designer named Kendall Dobbs, who was HIV positive and asked the women of Sugarbakers to design his funeral. In the HBO miniseries "From the Earth to the Moon", Goldwyn played astronaut Neil Armstrong, commander of Apollo 11.

Chemical potential

Chemical Potential Energy is the energy stored up in substances due to their chemical bonds. It is energy that is stored in chemicals. One example of how this plays a part in real life is through plants. The plants make energy with chemical potential energy by the process of photosynthesis. Other organisms eat the plants to get energy and so on. Energy is passed from one organism to another. This is how chemical potential energy works in the environment. Another common example is the energy stored in gasoline. When the car is turned on, the chemical energy in the gas is converted into mechanical energy to move the car. The law of conservation of energy says energy cannot be created or destroyed. It can only be changed from one form into another.


Free Speech Flag

The Free Speech Flag is a symbol to promote freedom of speech. It was designed by artist John Marcotte. It was created on May 1, 2007, during a conflict on the Internet with the group AACS. AACS controlled a code to copy HD DVDs and Blu-ray Discs. The design of the flag and its colors correspond to that special code. It became popular on the Internet. It inspired other versions.


New York State Capitol

The New York State Capitol is the capitol building of the U.S. state of New York. The New York State Legislature meets in this building. The building is in the state's capital city, Albany. It is part of the Empire State Plaza on State Street in Capitol Park.

The building was completed in 1899. It cost $25 million. It was the most expensive government building of its time. The building is a mix of architectural styles. Because different architects were involved at different times, the building is a combination of Italian Renaissance and Romanesque architecture. It sits on a granite foundation. In addition to the State Assembly Chamber, it has the State Senate Chamber and the governor's office (also called the Red Room).

The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971. The following year it was declared a National Historic Landmark.

Maersk

A.P. Moller–Maersk Group (Danish: "A.P. Møller–Mærsk A/S", ), also known as Maersk, is a Danish business conglomerate. A.P. Møller – Maersk Group has activities in a variety of business sectors, primarily within the transportation and energy sectors. It has been the largest container ship operator and supply vessel operator in the world since 1996.

The Maersk Group is based in Copenhagen, Denmark, with subsidiaries and offices in more than 135 countries worldwide and around 89,000 employees. It ranked 142 on the Forbes Global 2000 list for 2014.

Moti Kirschenbaum

Mordechai "Moti" Kirschenbaum (; September 24, 1939 – September 25, 2015) was an Israeli media personality and documentarian. He was born in Kfar Saba. 

He was a staff member of the Israeli television from its first day in May 1968, and was editor of "Mabat", its news program, during its first three years. He directed several documentaries, and produced and edited several television programs (including "Lo HaKol Over" and "Nikui Rosh").

Kirschenbaum died in Mikhmoret at the age of 76.

John Thomas Dooling

John Thomas Dooling (February 22, 1871 - November 15, 1949) was the assistant district attorney for New York City and an adviser to Tammany Hall for 40 years.

Dooling was born on February 22, 1871 in Brooklyn, New York City. He died on November 15, 1949 in White Plains, New York.

Ellery Cory Stowell

Ellery Cory Stowell (December 12, 1875 - January 1, 1958) was a professor of international law at Columbia University and then American University in Washington, D.C. He represented the United States at The Hague Convention of 1907 and the London Naval Conference of 1909.

Stowell was born on December 12, 1875 in Lynn, Massachusetts. He was a professor of international law at Columbia University and then American University in Washington, D.C. He moved to California when he retired. He died on January 1, 1958 in Berkeley, California.

Stowell's papers are stored at Stanford University.

Kevin McCarthy

Kevin Owen McCarthy (born January 26, 1965) is an American politician. He was the 55th Speaker of the House of Representatives from January 7, 2023 to October 3, 2023. He is a member of the Republican Party. Before becoming speaker, he was the House minority leader of the United States House of Representatives from 2019 to 2023. He was the U.S. representative for California's 23rd district from 2007 to 2023.

McCarthy was voted out as speaker on October 3, 2023 by several members of his own party. His time as speaker was the third-shortest for a Speaker of the House in United States history, and he is the first speaker to ever be removed from the role during a legislative session.

McCarthy was born on January 26, 1965, in Bakersfield, California. In 1984, at age 19, McCarthy ran his first business selling sandwiches out of the back of his uncle's yogurt shop on Stine Road.

McCarthy studied at California State University, Bakersfield, where he earned a Bachelor of Science in marketing in 1989 and a Master of Business Administration in 1994. During college, he worked as a seasonal firefighter for the Kern County Fire Department.

McCarthy was elected to the California State Assembly in 2002. He became the Republican floor leader in 2003. In 2006, McCarthy was first elected to the United States House of Representatives as a representative for California's 22nd district. 

On September 25, 2015, John Boehner announced his intention to resign as speaker of the House effective October 30, 2015. Many media outlets speculated that McCarthy would likely replace him. He was the presumptive successor to Speaker John Boehner. 

On September 28, McCarthy formally announced his candidacy for Speaker of the House. Having held congressional office for less than nine years, McCarthy would have been the least experienced Speaker since 1891. On October 8, 2015, McCarthy dropped out of the race for Speaker of the House. 

In October 2015, McCarthy was accused of having an affair with Representative Renee Ellmers. He had unexpectedly dropped out of the race for Speaker of the House shortly before the allegations surfaced.

He led the Republicans in gaining narrow control of the House in the 2022 midterm elections; however he failed to win the Speakership on the first fourteen ballots upon the start of the 118th Congress. He was criticized by far-right conservatives which refused to vote him in as speaker. He was elected speaker on the fifteenth ballot on January 7, 2023.

On October 3, 2023, he was voted out of his role as Speaker of the House making it the first time in U.S. history that one has been removed during a legislative term. Voting to remove McCarthy were House Democrats and eight House Republicans: Gaetz, Andy Biggs, Ken Buck, Tim Burchett, Eli Crane, Bob Good, Nancy Mace, and Matt Rosendale. After the vote, McCarthy announced he would not seek the speakership again. He was replaced by Louisiana Representative Mike Johnson on October 25, 2023.

On December 6, 2023, McCarthy announced that he would be resigning from the House at the end of that year. His term officially ended on December 31, 2023.

McCarthy and his wife, Judy, have two children. He and his family are Baptists and members of the Southern Baptist Convention.


Party leaders of the United States Senate

The Senate Majority and Minority Leaders are two United States Senators who are elected by the party caucuses that hold the majority and the minority. These leaders are elected to their positions.

The current leaders are Democratic Majority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York and Republican Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky. The current Assistant Majority Leader is Democrat Dick Durbin of Illinois. The current Assistant Minority Leader is Republican John Thune of South Dakota.


Party leaders of the United States House of Representatives

Party leaders and whips of the United States House of Representatives are elected by their respective parties in an opened-door caucus by secret ballot and are also known as floor leaders.

The U.S. House of Representatives does officially use the term "Minority Leader" and so does the media. The House uses the terms "Republican Leader" or "Democratic Leader" depending on which party holds a minority of seats.

The current party leaders are: Majority (Republican) Leader Steve Scalise, and Majority (Republican) Whip Tom Emmer, Minority (Democratic) Leader Hakeem Jeffries, and Minority (Democratic) Whip Katherine Clark.


Steve Scalise

Stephen Joseph "Steve" Scalise (born October 6, 1965) is an American politician. He is the United States House of Representatives Majority Leader since 2023 and representative for , serving since 2008. He is a member of the Republican Party and the chairman of the 170-member conservative House Republican Study Committee.

On June 14, 2017, Scalise was shot at a practice session for the congressional baseball team in Virginia, by James T. Hodgkinson. Later that day Scalise was reported to be in critical condition. Scalise underwent treatment for several months, returning to Congress on September 28.

On August 29, 2023, Scalise announced he had been diagnosed with multiple myeloma. He said the cancer was detected early and was "very treatable".

On October 3, 2023 Kevin McCarthy was removed as Speaker of the House. Days later, House Republicans chose Scalise over Jim Jordan as their candidate for Speaker of the House, by a margin of 113 to 99. After failing to win the necessary 217 Republican votes to become the Speaker of the House, Scalise withdrew his name from consideration as a nominee for the Speakership.


Grant Teaff

Grant Garland Teaff (; born November 12, 1933) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head coach at McMurry University (1960–1965), Angelo State University (1969–1971), and Baylor University (1972–1992), compiling a career college football record of 170–151–8.

In his 21 seasons as head coach of the Baylor Bears football team, Teaff's teams won two Southwest Conference titles and appeared in eight bowl games. His 128 wins are the most of any coach in the history of the program. Teaff was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 2001.

Alfred E. Mann

Alfred E. Mann (1925 – February 25, 2016), also known as Al Mann, was an American entrepreneur and philanthropist. In 1956, Mann founded Spectrolab, the first of his aerospace companies. He also founded Heliotek, a semiconductor company, that became a major supplier of solar cells for spacecraft.

Mann died from a heart attack on February 25, 2016 after collapsing on an airplane before it took off in Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 90.


Cave of the Prophets

Cave of the Prophets (also called: Tomb Cave of the Prophets Haggai, Zechariah and Malachi) is an ancient burial cave located in the Mount of Olives Jewish Cemetery in Jerusalem, near the Seven Arches Hotel. According to Jewish tradition, this cave system is the burial cave of the prophets Haggai, Zechariah and Malachi.

Tomb of Pharaoh's daughter

The Tomb of Pharaoh's daughter, also called the Monolith of Silwan, is an ancient burial building in the Mount of Olives Jewish Cemetery in Jerusalem. According to Jewish tradition, this building was the tomb of the Egyptian wife of king Solomon. The tomb is at the end of the Kidron Valley necropolis, under the houses of the Palestinian neighborhood of Silwan. It is the only tomb in the necropolis that is not a cave.

Bell, Book and Candle

Bell, Book and Candle is a 1958 American romantic comedy movie, made in Technicolor. It is based on a successful Broadway play of the same name. The plot for the movie was changed to add characters to the scenes. In the play, some minor people are only talked about, but never seen. Also, the movie has action in Manhattan, Greenwich Village, shops, offices and night clubs. The play's scenes take place in one apartment.

The movie stars Kim Novak as a witch who casts a spell on her neighbor, played by James Stewart. Also appearing are Jack Lemmon, Ernie Kovacs, Hermione Gingold and Elsa Lanchester. Ernie Kovaks plays a very confused character, because he is commanded to appear by magic and has no idea where he is or why.

"Bell, Book and Candle" was Stewart's last leading romantic role in a movie.


Early in 1957 producers began a promotional search for Siamese cats to play Pyewacket. One source said as many as twelve cats would be needed for all the stunts and action in the movie.

It is the Christmas holiday season in Greenwich Village. Gillian Holroyd is a witch. She does not obey the rules of witchcraft and likes to walk around barefoot. She has not been lucky in love. She is unhappy with her life. She has an admiring love for her neighbor, publisher Shep Henderson.

One day he walks into her African art gallery. He asks to make a telephone call (after Gillian's aunt put a spell on his phone and broke it). Gillian learns Shep is about to marry an old college enemy of hers, Merle Kittridge. Gil and Pyewacket take revenge by casting a spell on Shep, so he has to fall in love with her. She eventually falls in love with him too. She must make a choice, because witches who fall in love lose their supernatural powers. When she decides to love Shep, Gillian's cat and animal spirit, Pyewacket, becomes angry and leaves.

Sidney Redlitch, the author of a best-selling book "Magic in Mexico," suddenly appears in Shep's office (thanks to a little magic trick that just takes him there). Gilliam and Pyewacket have him arrive when she finds out Shep wants to meet with him about writing a book together. Redlitch is befuddled and confused but soon catches on. Redlitch is doing research for a book on witches in New York. He gats an "inside" helper when Gillian's warlock brother Nicky offers to help in exchange for a share of the profits.

Gillian later confesses to Shep that she is a witch and has bewitched him. Shep becomes angry, believing she cast a spell on him just to get even with Merle, and the two argue. Gillian tries to cast various spells on Merle, such as making her fall in love with the first man who walks into her apartment. She finds out, however, that she has lost her powers because she loves Shep.

Meanwhile, Shep finds he really cannot leave Gillian, because of the spell. To escape, he turns to another witch, Bianca De Pass who breaks the spell with a horrible cooked brew that he must drink. Shep again fights with Gillian and leaves her heartbroken.

Shep is not able to get back together with Merle. She does not believe the witch story is true. Months later, Shep returns and finds out Gillian has lost her magic powers because of her love for him. Even Pyewacket has left her because she is not still magical. When he realizes her love is true, the two make up.

"Bell Book and Candle" was said to be a "blockbuster" by Columbia Pictures. Before it was released, the movie got heavy promotion.

Novak appeared with Pyewacket, the cat, on the November 25 cover of "Life magazine" "(LIFE)", along with an article. There were also favorable write-ups in other major magazines.

A production number on "The Steve Allen Show" (a televvision variety show) played the theme music.

"Bell, Book and Candle" received Academy Award nominations in two categories: Best Art Direction for Cary Odell and Louis Diage; and Best Costume Design for Jean Louis.

It also received a Golden Globes nomination for Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy.

The music heard in the movie was written by George Duning, a Columbia veteran composer. The music uses bongo drums and violins to bring out the magical mood of the plot. Heard during the opening credits, a few lines of "Jingle Bells" music are used to set the time of the story as Christmas.

Each witch, including Pyewacket the cat, has an individual musical tune heard every time they are seen. Duning recorded sounds and replayed them at higher speeds to make the music sound spooky and odd. The soundtrack was released in January 1959.


Richie Sambora

Richard Stephen "Richie" Sambora (born July 11, 1959) is an American guitarist, vocalist, composer, songwriter and producer. He is best known as the lead guitarist of American hard-rock band Bon Jovi.

When Sambora was a child, he spent a lot of time with his grandparents, who were Poles. He grew up in Woodbridge, New Jersey. At the age of 12, Sambora started to play guitar. He was a fan of Led Zeppelin, The Beatles, and Eric Clapton.

As a member of Bon Jovi, Sambora collected more than seventy gold and platinum CDs. In his career, he played on several tours. He released 3 solo albums.

Sambora made a lot of soundtracks. He cooperated with Desmond Child. In 2004, music magazine "Guitar World" ranked him 58th out of 100 of the best world heavy metal guitarists.

In 2013, Sambora suddenly left Bon Jovi.

Sambora has more than 200 guitars.

Sambora has his own record company "Mutiny Record." 

In December 1994, Sambora married an Amercian actress Heather Locklear. Their marriage ended in divorce in February 2006. They have a daughter Ava Elizabeth (born October 4, 1997). He is a Catholic and campaigned with Jon for Democrat John Kerrys presidential campaign in 2004.

Sonoma, California

Sonoma is a historic city in Sonoma County, California, United States. As of 2020, the population was 10,739.

During the Mexican-American War, Sonoma was the place of the 1846 Bear Flag Revolt. This revolt created the California Republic, a country (with Sonoma as the capital) that existed for less than one month. Sonoma is also known for its history of historic mineral pool spas. Currently the highest grossing tourist attraction is the acres of vinyards and wineries including B.R. Cohn and Benzinger.


Point Loma, San Diego

Point Loma is a community in San Diego, California that is next to the ocean. Point Loma is a peninsula that has many hills and beaches. The community has a population of around 47,981 (also including the community of Ocean Beach).

Point Loma was important early on because many of the first European people landed on the peninsula to get into modern-day California. Today, Point Loma has two military bases, a national cemetery, a national monument, and a university.

In the government, Point Loma is represented in the City Council District 2. 

San Diego City Council

The San Diego City Council is the legislative branch of government in San Diego, California. The council has a Strong-mayor system. The council was made in 1850. There are nine members of the council. City council members serve a four-year term and can only have two back to back terms.

The make up of the council is five Democratic Party members and four Republican Party members.

Council members earn $75,386 a year. The Salary Setting Commission wanted to make their salaries $175,000 instead, but the city council all decided to vote against it.

The members of the council have the power to introduce and pass laws. They also vote on new laws presented to them. For a law to pass, the council must have at least five votes for the law. The mayor, executive branch, can veto laws. The council can remove his veto with at least six members voting against the veto.


Priyanka Chopra

Priyanka Chopra Jonas (born on 18 July 1982 in Jamshedpur, Bihar, India) is an Indian actress, model, singer and dancer. She is the winner of the Miss World pageant of 2000. Chopra is a UNICEF goodwill ambassador.
She has won many awards, and has become one of Bollywood's highest paid actresses. She stars in the US television series "Quantico" which premiered on September 27, 2015. 

Chopra's parents were both in the Indian Army, so her family moved often. While she was a teenager, she lived in the United States for some years. Since she won the Miss World title in 2000, she has been in many films, television shows, and she has released 3 singles.

In 2018, she married an American singer-songwriter and actor Nick Jonas. In January 2022, the couple had their first child, via surrogacy.


Émile Marie Laurent

Emile Marie Laurent (1 October 1852 - October 1930) was the Prefecture of Police of Paris from September 1914 to June 1917.

Laurent was born on 1 October 1852 in Brest, France. He served in the military from 25 October 1875 to 5 October 1877. He was appointed as the Prefecture of Police of Paris on 2 September 1914. He retired on 5 June 1917. He died in October 1930 in Paris.

Homa Rousta

Homa Rousta (‎; 26 September 1946 – 26 September 2015) is an Iranian actress. She was best known for her roles in the movies "Report on a Murder" (1986), "The Little Bird of Happiness" (1987), "Travellers" (1991) and "From Karkheh to Rhine" (1992).

Rousta was born in Tehran. She graduated in theatre from the School of Dramatic Arts in Bucharest, Hungary. She was the widow of stage director Hamid Samandarian.

Rousta died from cancer on her 69th birthday (26 September 2015) in Los Angeles, California, United States.

Claudio Baggini

Claudio Baggini (1 August 1936 – 25 September 2015) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop.

Baggini was born in Rome. He was became a priest on 14 June 1959. He served as the Bishop of Vigevano from 18 March 2000 until 12 March 2011. He resigned.

Baggini died on 25 September 2015 in Lodi at the age of 79.

Andrzej Duda

Andrzej Sebastian Duda (born 16 May 1972) is a Polish politician and lawyer. On 6 August 2015, he became the President of Poland. He has a PhD in law. From 2006 to 2007, he was a secretary of state in the Ministry of Justice. From 2008 to 2010, Duda was secretary of state in the Office of President of Poland, Lech Kaczyński. He was also a member of the European Parliament.

In the 2020 election, Duda was re-elected with 51% of the vote.

Quantico (TV series)

Quantico is an American drama-thriller television series It was created and produced by Joshua Safran and Mark Gordon. The program premiered on ABC on Sunday September 27, 2015 at 10:00 pm EDT. It concerns a group of young Federal Bureau of Investigation recruits, who are training at the FBI Training Academy in Quantico, Virginia.

The series stars Aunjanue Ellis as Miranda Shaw, the Assistant Director of the FBI Academy. Josh Hopkins plays her subordinate, FBI Special Agent Liam O'Connor. The series' protagonist (main character) is Alex Parrish (Priyanka Chopra), an FBI trainee who has an affair with another recruit. Jake McLaughlin, Tate Ellington, Graham Rogers, Johanna Braddy, Yasmine Al Masri, and Anabelle Acosta co-star as FBI recruits.


Offa's Dyke

Offa's Dyke (Welsh: "Clawdd Offa") is a large earthwork that roughly follows the current border between England and Wales. 

The structure is named after Offa, the 8th century king of Mercia. He is believed to have ordered its construction. Its original purpose is not known for sure. It followed the border between Anglian Mercia and the Welsh kingdom of Powys. The dyke was up to 65 feet (20 m) wide (including its flanking ditch) and 8 feet (2.4 m) high. It ran over low ground, hills and rivers. Today the earthwork is protected as a scheduled monument. 

Offa's Dyke Path is a 177 mile (283 km) footpath which runs between Prestatyn in the north (Liverpool Bay) and Sedbury, near Chepstow (the Severn Estuary) in the south. This is from north of Offa's Dyke to south of it, and runs near the dyke in its central part. It is also thought to be constructed under the orders of Offa. It is a British National Trail.

Some sections of the dyke are defined as Sites of Special Scientific Interest, and Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty. Most of the line of Offa's Dyke is designated as a Public Right of Way, including those sections which form part of the Offa's Dyke Path.

In August 2013, a section of the dyke, between Chirk and Llangollen, was destroyed by a local landowner. The destruction of the dyke to build a stables was said to be like "driving a road through Stonehenge".

Manuel Oltra

Manuel Oltra i Ferrer (8 February 1922 – 26 September 2015) was a Spanish composer. He was known for composing music about harmony and counterpoint music. He led the Conservatorio Superior Municipal de Barcelona from 1959 until its disestablishment in 1987. Oltra was born in Valencia, Spain.

Oltra died of pneumonia in Barcelona, Spain at the age of 93.


Syed Ahmed (politician)

Syed Ahmed (March 6, 1945 - September 27, 2015) was an Indian politician, author and a member of the Congress Party. He was sworn in as the sixteenth Governor of Manipur on May 16, 2015, but only served four months before dying of cancer in office on September 27.

2014 FIFA World Cup Group A

Group A of the 2014 FIFA World Cup consisted of Brazil, Croatia, Mexico and Cameroon. Play began on 12 June and ended on 23 June 2014.


Brian T. Delaney

Brian Thomas Delaney (born November 17, 1976) is an American actor, singer, voice artist, and comedian.

Delaney was born Brian Thomas Delaney in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on November 17, 1976.

Peter Kelamis

Peter Kelamis (born December 11, 1967) is an Australian-born-Canadian actor, voice actor, comedian and impressionist. He was born in Sydney, Australia and raised in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. He is best known for playing Dr. Adam Brody in "Stargate Universe", Goku in the Ocean Group English dub of the animated series "Dragon Ball Z" and Rolf from "Ed, Edd n Eddy".

Kelamis has been married to Canadian actress Alannah Stewartt since 2004 and they currently reside in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.

Nordic model

The Nordic model (or Nordic capitalism or Nordic social democracy) is the economic and social policies common to the Nordic countries (Denmark, Finland, Norway, Iceland, Greenland, Faroe Islands and Sweden).

This includes a combination of free market capitalism with a comprehensive welfare state and collective bargaining at the national level.

Workplace democracy

Workplace democracy is a form of democracy in all its forms (including voting systems, debates, democratic structuring, due process, adversarial process, systems of appeal) to the workplace.

Student debt

Student debt is a form of debt that is owed by an attending, withdrawn or graduated student to a lending institution. The lending is often of a student loan, but debts may be owed to the school if the student has dropped classes and left the school. 

Tuition payments

Tuition payments, usually known as tuition in American English and as tuition fees in Commonwealth English, are fees charged for students looking for a higher education.

Tuition payments are charged by colleges and universities include costs for lab equipment, computer systems, libraries, facility upkeep and to provide a comfortable student learning experience. 

Trans-Pacific Partnership

The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) is a proposed free trade agreement drafted 5 October 2015 between several Pacific Rim countries. It is about many different matters of economic policy. Among other things, the TPP seeks to lower trade barriers such as tariffs, establish a common framework for intellectual property, enforce standards for labour law and environmental law, and establish an investor-state dispute settlement mechanism.

Boston Herald

The Boston Herald is a daily newspaper published in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, and its surrounding area. It was started in 1846. It is one of the oldest daily newspapers in the United States. It has been awarded eight Pulitzer Prizes in its history, including four for editorial writing and three for photography. In 1981, it became a tabloid newspaper.

Politico

Politico is a political journalism organization based in Arlington County, Virginia, that covers the issues, ideas and personalities behind politics and policy in the United States and in the global arena. It focuses on politicians, scandals, presidential candidates, elections, and foreign policies.

Politico was established in 2007.

The Hill (newspaper)

The Hill is an American political newspaper published in Washington, D.C. since 1994. It is owned by News Communications, Inc., which is owned by "Capitol Hill Publishing", Chairman James A. Finkelstein.

It focuses on the intersection of politics, policy, business and international relations, The Hill coverage includes Congress, the White House and federal campaigns.

The Burlington Free Press

Burlington Free Press is a daily newspaper based in Burlington, Vermont, in the United States. With a circulation of about 20,166 daily and 27,830 on Sundays, it is the largest daily newspaper in Vermont.

The newspaper has been hit by waves of layoffs over the past several years and employs 272 full-time employees in its Burlington headquarters. International news is usually reprinted stories supplied by the Associated Press and Reuters news services.

The Boston Globe

The Boston Globe is an American daily newspaper based in Boston, Massachusetts. Founded in 1872 by Charles H. Taylor, it was privately held until 1973. The "Boston Globe" has been awarded 23 Pulitzer Prizes since 1966, and its chief print rival is the "Boston Herald". In 2002, they exposed the massive child abuse cover-up by the Roman Catholic Church.

Washington Examiner

The Washington Examiner is a political journalism publication based in Washington, D.C., is a weekly magazine. The local newspaper ceased publication on June 14, 2013, and its content began to focus exclusively on national politics, switching its print edition from a daily newspaper to a weekly magazine format.

Single-payer healthcare

Single-payer health care is a system in which the government, rather than private insurers, pays for all healthcare costs. Single-payer systems may contract for healthcare services from private organizations. The actual funding of a "single payer" system comes from all or a portion of the covered population. Although the fund holder is usually the state, some forms of single-payer use a mixed public-private system. This is practiced in Canada, the United Kingdom, Estonia and many other countries

LA Law Library

The LA Law Library is the second largest public law library in the United States (behind the Law Library of Congress. It has just under 1 million books.

The library is now at 301 W 1st St in downtown Los Angeles.

it was started in 1891 by local attorneys.
for its first 60 years it was located on the courthouse on hill street. then they build the current building. it took from 1951-1953 to finish it.
an addition was built in 1969-1970.


Frank Tyson

Frank Holmes Tyson (6 June 1930 – 27 September 2015) was an English cricketer and journalist. In the 1950s, he played 17 Test matches, taking 76 wickets at an outstanding bowling average of 18.56. He was a fast bowler and was given the nickname "Typhoon Tyson" for his speed.

Tyson was born in Farnworth, Lancashire. In 1960, he moved to Australia and became a journalist. He was married to Ursula and had three children.

Tyson died on 27 September 2015 on the Gold Coast in Queensland. He was 85.


Siegfried Gottwald

Siegfried Johannes Gottwald (30 March 1943 – 20 September 2015) was a German mathematician, logician and historian of science. For his work to set theory, he became well known. He taught at the Leipzig University from 1972 to his retirement in 2008. He wrote seven published books between 1973 and 2001.

Gottwald was born in Limbach, Saxony. He studied mathematics at the Leipzig University from 1961 to 1966. He was married with three children.

Gottwald died on 20 September 2015 at the age of 72.

Ton van de Ven

Antonius Hendrikus Maria "Ton" van de Ven (1 January 1944 – 16 September 2015) was a Dutch industrial designer. He was best known for being the creative director at the Efteling theme park in Kaatsheuvel. He designed many things at the theme park between the mid-1970s and early 2000s, including ten rides.

Van de Ven was born in Eindhoven, North Brabant. He was married and had three children.

Van de Ven died from a cerebral hemorrhage on 16 September 2015 in Tilburg. He was 71.

Wilton Felder

Wilton Lewis Felder (August 31, 1940 – September 27, 2015) was an American jazz musician. He played the saxophone and bass. He is best known as a founding member of The Jazz Crusaders, later known as The Crusaders. He was born in Houston, Texas.

Felder died of multiple myeloma on September 27, 2015 in Whittier, California. He was 75.

Sleepless in Seattle

Sleepless in Seattle is a 1993 American romantic comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Nora Ephron and it was produced by Gary Foster. "Sleepless in Seattle" was released on June 25, 1993.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 72% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. "Sleepless in Seattle" was nominated for two Academy Awards at the 66th Academy Awards in the categories of Best Original Screenplay and Best Original Song but did not win in either. At the 51st Golden Globe Awards, the movie was nominated for Best Film - Musical or Comedy. Tom Hanks was nominated for Best Actor - Musical or Comedy and Meg Ryan was nominated for Best Actress - Musical or Comedy.


John Sergeant Cram

John Sergeant Cram, Sr. (1852-1936) was the Head of the New York Public Service Commission.

Cram was born in 1852 in New York to Henry A. Cram and Catherine Sergeant. He attended the St. Paul School in Concord, New Hampshire and then Harvard University. He was appointed as the head of the New York Public Service Commission by Charles Seymour Whitman from 1911 to 1916. In 1916 he was replaced by Travis H. Whitney. He married Edith Claire Bryce. He died in 1936. His widow died in 1960.

Movius Line

The Movius Line is a theoretical line drawn across northern India. It was proposed by the American archaeologist Hallam L. Movius in 1948 to show a technological difference between the early prehistoric tool technologies of the east and the west of the Old World.

Movius noticed that the palaeolithic stone tools from sites east of northern India never contained handaxes. They had less formal implements known as chopping tools. These were sometimes as extensively worked as the Acheulean tools from further west, but could not be described as true handaxes. Movius then drew a line on a map of India to show where the difference occurred, dividing the tools of Africa, Europe and Western and Southern Asia from those of Eastern and South-eastern Asia.

Fossil evidence also suggests a difference in the evolutionary development of the people who made the two different tool types across the Movius Line. The line is still in use as a distinction between the two traditions. The existence of the line, in terms of stone tool technology and human evolution, is still not explained.

Britt Allcroft

Britt Allcroft may refer to:

Gullane Entertainment

Gullane Entertainment (originally The Britt Allcroft Company) was a television production company and division by Lyrick Studios in the United Kingdom. They produced programs for children, including "Thomas and Friends".


The Eleventh Commandment (Ronald Reagan)

The Eleventh Commandment was a phrase used by President of the United States Ronald Reagan during his 1966 campaign for Governor of California. The Commandment reads: 

Reagan followed this "commandment" during the first five primaries during the 1976 Republican primary against incumbent Gerald Ford, all of which he lost.

Ignacio Zoco

Ignacio Zoco Esparza (31 July 1939 – 28 September 2015) was a Spanish footballer. He played as a defensive midfielder. He played 12 years of his professional career with Real Madrid, appearing in more than 400 official games and winning ten major titles.

Zoco played more than 20 times with Spain, representing the nation in one World Cup and one European Championship, winning the 1964 European Nations' Cup.

Zoco died in Madrid on 28 September 2015, after a long illness. He was 76 years old.

Pushback

In aviation, pushback is an airport procedure in which an aircraft is pushed backwards from an airport gate by external power. Pushbacks are carried out by special, vehicles called "pushback tractors" or "tugs".

Robin Hood Airport Doncaster Sheffield

Robin Hood Airport Doncaster Sheffield (IATA: DSA ICAO: EGCN) is an international airport. It is located at the old RAF Finningley station, in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster in South Yorkshire, England.


Frank Martinus Arion

Frank Martinus Arion (born Frank Efraim Martinus; 17 December 1936 – 28 September 2015) was a Curaçaoan author, poet, and linguist. He wrote over ten books in Dutch and Papiamento. His best known works were "Dubbelspel", "Afscheid van de koningin", "Nobele wilden", "De laatste vrijheid" and "De deserteurs". He also worked in Netherlands and Suriname. He was born in Curaçao.

Arion died on 28 September 2015 in Curaçao, aged 78.

Lincoln County, South Dakota

Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of South Dakota. As of the 2020 census, the population was 65,161. This makes it the third-most populated county in the state. Its county seat is Canton. 
The first resident of the area was A. I. Linderman in 1866. He was the only resident until the summer of 1867. Lincoln county was incorporated on December 30, 1867. The county was named for Abraham Lincoln, 16th President of the United States.

Kallen Pokkudan

Kallen Pokkudan (; 1937 – 27 September 2015), also known as Kandal Pokkudan, was an Indian environmental activist and writer. He was best known for helping to protect mangrove forests in Kerala from 1989 until his death. He also wrote several books even his basic literacy, including to autobiographies.

Pokkudan was born in Ezhom Moola, Idukkil Thara, Kannur. He had six children, three sons and three daughters.

Pokkudan died after an illness on 27 September 2015 in Cherukunnu, Kannur. He was 78.

Michael Burgess (singer)

Michael Burgess (July 22, 1945 – September 28, 2015) was an Canadian actor and singer (tenor). He was best known for his portrayal of Jean Valjean in the Toronto production of "Les Misérables". In 2013, he was made a Member of the Order of Ontario.

Burgess was born in Regina, Saskatchewan. He grew up in Toronto, Ontario. He studied at the University of Ottawa. He married fellow "Les Misérables" performer Susan Gilmour on October 8, 1994.

Burgess died from cancer on September 28, 2015 in Toronto, aged 70.

Silwan necropolis

Silwan necropolis (also called Kidron Valley necropolis) is a row of ancient Jewish burial caves in the Kidron Valley. The valley is between the City of David and the north-west slope of the Mount of Olives. The ancient caves face towards the City of David to the west under the houses of the Arab neighborhood of Silwan in East Jerusalem. The row of ancient burial sites ends at the Tomb of Pharaoh's daughter monument. It is the continuing of the Mount of Olives Jewish Cemetery from the south beside the Arab neighborhoods.


Kendall Gill

Kendall Gill is a retired American basketball player. He is now a basketball television analyst.

Gill was chosen in the 1990 NBA Draft by the Charlotte Hornets. He played in the NBA for 15 years.

Stacey Augmon

Stacey Augmon (born August 1, 1968) is a retired American basketball player. Augmon had the nickname "Plastic Man" due to his athletic ability to "stretch".

Augmon played college basketball for four years at UNLV. He won the 1990 NCAA Championship with them. Augmon was the first three-time winner of the NABC Defensive Player of the Year, winning the award in 1989, 1990, and 1991. He is a class of 2002 member of the UNLV Athletic Hall of Fame along with teammates Greg Anthony and Larry Johnson.

Augmon was drafted by the Atlanta Hawks in 1991. He played for the Hawks, the Detroit Pistons, the Portland Trail Blazers, the Charlotte Hornets, the New Orleans Hornets, and the Orlando Magic. He holds a scoring average of 8.0 points per game throughout his career.

20 Y.O.

20 Y.O. is the ninth studio album by American singer-songwriter Janet Jackson. It was released on September 20, 2006 by Virgin Records. The title refers to the twenty years since her third studio album, "Control" (1986). It had its twentieth anniversary rerelease in 2006. It was also her last album to be released by Virgin Records. She signed a new contract with Def Jam Recordings.

"20 Y.O." received mixed reviews by music critics.

Spirit (Leona Lewis album)

Spirit is the debut studio album by English singer Leona Lewis. It was released by Syco in November 2007 in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It was released everywhere else in early 2008.

"Spirit" received generally positive to mixed reviews.

2008 Detroit Lions season

The 2008 Detroit Lions season was the 79th football season of the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). It was their third year under head coach Rod Marinelli. In 2008, the Lions had one of the worst seasons of any major American pro sports team. They lost all 16 of their regular season games. They were the first NFL team to finish a season with no wins and 16 losses after their loss to the Green Bay Packers. They were the second team with no wins after the 1976 Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Matt Millen was fired during the bye week of the season and the rest of the staff were fired after the season was over.

In 2017, the Cleveland Browns became the second team to lose all 16 regular season games.

COLOR KEY AND NOTES:

Calvin Johnson

Calvin Johnson (born September 29, 1985) is an American football wide receiver who played for the Detroit Lions. His nickname is Megatron. He was drafted by the Lions in 2007. 

He was also on the winless 2008 Lions roster. Even though the Lions went 0-16, Johnson finished as one of the strongest wide receivers statistically for the season, fifth in receiving yards (1,331) and 7th in receiving yards per game (83.2), and leading the league in receiving touchdowns (12). 

At the end of 2015, Johnson retired.


Alphabet Inc.

Alphabet is an American company based in California. It holds Google and 12 other projects. The CEO is Sundar Pichai.

Alphabet was founded as a Google parent holding company on August 10, 2015. It included 9 businesses.

On December 3, 2019, the Google CEO Sundar Pichai became the Alphabet CEO too. 

That year the company was ranked #15 on the Fortune 500 list of global US corporations by revenue.

In 2020, Alphabet net income was $40,269 million.

On January 16, 2020, Alphabet reached a $1 trillion market value.

In October 2020, the United States Government Department of Justice filed a Anti-Trust Lawsuit against Alphabet Inc over Googles monopoly on Search.

Hellmuth Karasek

Hellmuth Karasek (4 January 1934 – 29 September 2015) was a German journalist, literary critic and novelist. He wrote over 25 books on literature and movies. He was well known for being on the panel of the show "Das Literarische Quartett", with Marcel Reich-Ranicki. In 1968, he became the theatre critic of "Die Zeit". From 1974 until 1996, he worked for "Der Spiegel". In 1999, he was a member of the jury at the 49th Berlin International Film Festival.

Karasek was born in Brünn, Czechoslovakia (now Brno, Czech Republic). He moved from Bielitz (now Poland) to Bernburg in 1944 during World War II. In the 1950s, he became a student at the University of Tübingen in Tübingen, Baden-Württemberg (then West Germany).

Karasek died on 29 September 2015 in Hamburg. He was 81.

Frankie Ford

Vincent Francis Guzzo, Jr. (August 4, 1939 – September 28, 2015), better known by his stage name Frankie Ford, was an American singer. He was best known for his 1959 hit "Sea Cruise". His main genres were rock and roll, rhythm and blues and pop. Ford was born in Gretna, Louisiana. He was adopted by Vincent and Anna Guzzo.

Ford died from natural causes after a long illness on September 28, 2015 in New Orleans, Louisiana. He was 76.

Think of the children

"Think of the children" (also "What about the children?") is a phrase that became a strategy used when you are in an argument with someone. Basically in its simplest use it can mean just children's rights, like for example talking about child labor problems. But when this phrase is used in the middle of an argument, it can be used to try to make people feel emotional when thinking about the needs of children, and then to try and fool people into doing what they want because they might be scared that they do not want to harm children.

The 2002 book "Art, Argument, and Advocacy" (2002) said that using this phrase replaced emotion instead of reason in the middle of an argument with someone. Ethicist Jack Marshall wrote in 2005 that the phrase is so popular because it can stop people from behaving rationally especially when they are talking about morals. "Think of the children" was used by censorship supporters to try to defend children from things they thought were dangerous to these young people. The book "Community, Space and Online Censorship" (2009) wrote that calling children just babies in need of protection was a form of focusing too much on the concept of purity. A 2011 article in the "Journal for Cultural Research" wrote that "Think of the children" was caused by people thinking too hard about telling everyone what to do and the difference between right-and-wrong.

"Think of the children" as a phrase was used in the 1964 Walt Disney Pictures film "Mary Poppins"; where Mrs. Banks pleaded with her departing nanny not to quit and to asked her to "Think of the children!". Its use was popularized through satire on the television program "The Simpsons", beginning in 1996. Character Helen Lovejoy pleaded: "Won't somebody please think of the children!" during loud arguments in the town of Springfield on the TV show.

Law professor Charles J. Ten Brink in the 2012 "Georgia State University Law Review" wrote that "The Simpsons" character Helen Lovejoy's use of "Think of the children" was a good form of parody. The phrase's use was made fun of a lot when people used it in politics. After it became popular on "The Simpsons", use of the phrase was called "Lovejoy's Law", the "Helen Lovejoy defence", the "Helen Lovejoy Syndrome", and "think-of-the-children-ism".


Húsavík

Húsavík is a town in northern Iceland. It has a population of 2,237 people. Most of the industry in the city comes from tourism and fishing. About 850 AD, a Swedish viking named Garðar Svavarsson arrived on the northern coast of Iceland. There he built a settlement and prepared to stay for the winter. When spring arrived he departed leaving two slaves behind. They made a farm there.


Lofsöngur

"Lofsöngur" (, meaning "Hymn") is the national anthem of Iceland. It was written for the celebration of the thousandth anniversary of the first Norse settlement of the Nordic country, though it had not been considered a national anthem for another forty years. It was adopted in 1944, when Iceland became a republic and wanted to end being in a personal union with Denmark. Previously, in 1874, the music of the hymn composed by Sveinbjörn Sveinbjörnsson, and the words to his music were written by Matthías Jochumsson.

Only the first stanza is regularly used as the national anthem.
This anthem has been criticized for being outdated and at times "unsingable." It's often thought to be difficult to sing due to having vocal range of high and low registers. Not only that, it has too many mentions to religion, despite the country becoming less religious. (As such, the national anthem of Iceland can be considered a religious hymn.) It has been suggested that the anthem be replaced with a more modern, less religious anthem.


Charles Gibson

Charles deWolf "Charlie" Gibson (born March 9, 1943) is a United States former broadcast television anchor and journalist. He was born in Evanston, Illinois. He grew up in Washington, D.C. He was a host of "Good Morning America" from 1987 to 1998, and 1999 to 2006. He was the anchor of "World News with Charles Gibson" from 2006 to 2009. In 2008 he was a moderator for the US presidential debates. He graduated in 1965 with a degree in history from Princeton University.

Regions of Iceland

The regions of Iceland are mainly used for statistical purposes. The district court jurisdictions use them. The postal code system follows the regions as well with a few exceptions. Before 2003 the regions were also used for elections to parliament.

These regions are not defined by law. They have no official standing or administrative function. They are used to divide Iceland for certain purposes.

The health care system in Iceland is divided into 7 health care districts. These are the same as the 8 regions of Iceland with one exception. The Northwestern region and the Northeastern region which are a single health care district. 

Bathory (band)

Bathory was an extreme metal band from Vällingby, Sweden. The band formed in 1983. Bathory broke up in 2004. The band's main songwriter was Quorthon. Bathory released 12 studio albums and 5 compilation albums. Bathory's first four albums were "the blueprint for Scandinavian black metal". The band first played black metal but moved on to viking metal in its later years.





Denise Lor

Denise Jeanne Horine (born Denise Jeanne Briault; May 3, 1929 – September 27, 2015), better known by her stage name Denise Lor, was an American actress and singer. She was born in Los Angeles. She moved to Long Island at age five. She was best known for being on the CBS series "The Garry Moore Show" for eight years in the 1950s and 1960s. She was also known for her song, "If I Give My Heart to You", which charted at #8 in September 1954. She appeared in over 100 stage productions, including "Gypsy", "Annie" and "Sweeney Todd".

Lor was married twice. She had two sons from her first, Ron and Denis Martin. She died in September 2015 at the age of 86.

Deaths in October 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in October 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



9½ Weeks

9½ Weeks is a 1986 American erotic romantic drama movie. It was directed by Adrian Lyne and it was produced by Mark Damon, Sidney Kimmel, Zalman King, and Antony Rufus-Isaacs. It was released on February 20, 1986. It is based on the Elizabeth McNeill memoir of the same name. The movie is about a New York City art gallery employee who has an affair with a Wall Street broker.
The movie got mixed and negative reviews from critics. 1,000 people attended a preview screening of the movie and everybody except 40 people walked out. 35 of the 40 people who filled out cards said that they really did not like it. It has a 64% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the movie gave the movie 3 and a half stars stars out of 4 and said that "A lot of the success of "9½ Weeks" is because Rourke and Basinger make the characters and their relationship convincing."

In terms of money, this movie did not earn much in the United States but it was successful in Europe.


Introducing Joss Stone

Introducing Joss Stone is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Joss Stone. It was released on 9 March 2007 by Virgin Records. The album peaked at number 12 on the UK Albums Chart. In the United States, it debuted at number two on the "Billboard" 200 chart.

"Introducing Joss Stone" received mixed to positive criticism from critics.


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Introducing Joss Stone".


David Ashby (speedway rider)

David Ashby (11 November 1949 – 16 September 2015) was a British motorcycle speedway rider. He rode for Swindon Robins between 1972 and 1978, making 151 appearances. He also rode with Peterborough Panthers and Milton Keynes Knights. He retired in 1979.

Ashby was born in Marlborough, Wiltshire. His brother was Martin Ashby. He had two sons, Lee and Jamie.

Ashby died from cancer on 16 September 2015 in Swindon, Wiltshire. He was 65.

Maternal insult

A maternal insult (also referred to as a "yo mama" joke) is a reference to a person's mother. This is through the use of phrases such as "your mother" or other variations, often used to insult the target by way of their mother. "Your mother" can be combined with most types of insults, although suggestions of promiscuity are common. One of the purposes of these insults is to incite violence. Slang variants such as "yo mama", "yo momma", "ur mom", "yer ma", "ya mum", "your mum", "ya mudda" or "your mom" are sometimes used, depending on the local dialect. 


When Joram saw Jehu, he said, "Is it peace, Jehu?"<br>
And he answered, "What peace, so long as the harlotries of your mother Jezebel and her witchcrafts are so many?"


"Painter": "Y'are a dog."<br>
"Apemantus": "Thy mother's of my generation. What's she, if I be a dog?"

" “...of your mother is by the one who has intercourse with her. What/who is it?<br>

(No answer)”

While it cannot be completely deciphered, it is clear some comment is being made about somebody's mother.



Origins of the blues

The origin of the blues. Little is known about the origin of the music known as the blues. No year can be cited as the origin, because the style evolved over a long period. Ethnomusicologist Gerhard Kubik traces the roots of many of its elements back to the African continent, the "cradle of the blues".

One early mention comes from 1901, when an archaeologist in Mississippi described the songs of black workers which had lyrical themes and technical elements in common with the blues.

There are few characteristics common to all blues. The genre takes its shape from the peculiarities of each individual performance. Some characteristics are common to most styles of African American music. The earliest blues-like music was a "functional expression, rendered in a call-and-response style without accompaniment or harmony and unbounded by the formality of any particular musical structure". This pre-blues music was adapted from the field shouts and hollers performed during slave times, expanded into "simple solo songs laden with emotional content".

Many of these blues elements, such as the call-and-response format, can be traced back to the music of Africa. When African slaves went to work in North America, they took musical traditions with them. Early forms of music include spirituals and work songs. Spirituals were religious songs and work songs were sung to the rhythm of working. Work songs included a vocal call and response, or where the lead drummer makes a beat and then the others respond to it.

The majority of blues songs have four beats in a bar, and are built on the 12 bar blues form which uses three phrases, each four bars long. They can also use the blue scale.

Mürwik

Mürwik (also: "Muerwik", Danish: "Mørvig") is a district of Flensburg. It is on the east side of the Flensburg Firth (estuary) on the peninsula of Angeln. It is well known for the Naval Academy Mürwik with its sail training ship Gorch Fock. It was where the last government of Nazi Germany, called the Flensburg government led by Karl Dönitz was located. It is also the location of the "Kraftfahrt-Bundesamt" (KBA), Germany's Federal Motor Transport Authority.

There are five communities in Mürwik: 

The highest elevation of the district is about above sea level. Mürwik also has some natural undeveloped areas, such as the nature reserve at Twedter field.

Mürwik was first mentioned in 1734. The Naval Academy Mürwik was opened 1 October 1910. At the start of World War I in August 1914, the academy was temporarily closed. The Germans thought the war would be short. It reopened in January 1915. Cadets spent three months training then would go to sea to train aboard cruisers. At the end of World War II, after Adolf Hitler committed suicide, Admiral Karl Dönitz set up the last Nazi government at Flensburg-Mürwik academy. A few days later Germany surrendered.

<br>

Mürwik Naval School

The Naval Academy Mürwik (German: "Marineschule Mürwik") is the training school for German Navy officers in Flensburg-Mürwik. The castle-like building overlooks the Flensburg Fjord. Called the "Red Castle", it is well known for its beautiful architecture. It was patterned after the Marienburg (Malbork Castle) in Poland, the seat of the Teutonic Knights.

The academy was opened 1 October 1910. At the start of World War I in August 1914, the academy was temporarily closed. The Germans thought the war would be short. It reopened in January 1915. Cadets would spend three months training then go to sea to train aboard cruisers. At the end of World War II, after Adolf Hitler committed suicide, Admiral Karl Dönitz set up the last Nazi government at Flensburg-Mürwik academy. A few days later Germany surrendered. 

Currently cadets spend a year at Flensburg-Mürwik academy before going on to study at the Führungsakademie der Bundeswehr in Hamburg or the Bundeswehr University Munich.

<br>

John Galvin (general)

John Rogers Galvin (May 13, 1929 – September 25, 2015) was an American army general. He served as the sixth dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. He was a member of the U.S. Commission on National Security/21st Century. He was born in Wakefield, Massachusetts.

Galvin died in Jonesboro, Georgia, aged 86.

Claude Dauphin (businessman)

Claude Dauphin (10 June, 1951 – September 30, 2015) was a French billionaire businessman, and executive chairman of Trafigura Beheer BV. He had served as Trafigura's chairman and CEO. In March 2013 his net wealth was estimated at $1 billion by "Forbes".

Dauphin died in the early hours of September 30, 2015 in a hospital in Bogota, Colombia from cancer, aged 64.

Kelly Gissendaner

Kelly Renee Gissendaner (March 8, 1968 – September 30, 2015) was an American woman who was executed by the state of Georgia. Gissendaner had been convicted of orchestrating the murder of her husband, Douglas Gissendaner, in 1997. At the time of the murder, Gissendaner was 28 and her husband was 30. After her conviction, and until her execution, Gissendaner was the only woman on death row in Georgia.

Ernest Moniz

Ernest Jeffrey Moniz GCIH (born December 22, 1944) is an American nuclear physicist. He was the United States Secretary of Energy, serving under U.S. President Barack Obama from May 2013 to January 2017.


Arrowhead Stadium

Arrowhead Stadium is a football stadium in Kansas City, Missouri. GEHA purchased stadium rights. It is home to the NFL's Kansas City Chiefs. It is the largest sports facility by capacity in the state of Missouri. A $375 million renovation was completed in 2010.

Lieutenant governor

A lieutenant governor, lieutenant-governor, or vice governor is a high officer of state, whose precise role and rank vary by jurisdiction, but is often the deputy or lieutenant to or ranking under a governor — a "second-in-command"

In the United States, lieutenant governors are usually second-in-command to a state governor, and the actual power held by the lieutenant governor varies greatly from state to state.

James D. Watkins

James David Watkins (March 7, 1927July 26, 2012) was an American politician. He was a United States Navy admiral and former Chief of Naval Operations.

He served as the U.S. Secretary of Energy during the George H. W. Bush administration, also chairing U.S. government commissions on HIV/AIDS and ocean policy. Watkins also served on the boards of various companies and other nongovernmental organizations and as the co-chair of the Joint Ocean Commission Initiative.

Watkins died of congestive heart failure on July 26, 2012 in Alexandria, Virginia at the age of 85.

Deadly Relations

Deadly Relations is a 1993 American television film directed by Bill Condon. It stars Robert Urich, Shelley Fabares and Gwyneth Paltrow. The film originally aired on ABC on May 22, 1993.

No Child of Mine

No Child of Mine is a February 1997 British documentary-drama and domestic violence television movie. It is about the true case of a 13-year-old girl named Kerry (played by Brooke Kinsella). Kerry was sexually abused and bullied at several times by her abusive mother, Linda (played by Sharon Small), and her father, Jim (played by Bill Geraghty).

Hurricane Joaquin

Hurricane Joaquin (wah-keen) was a strong tropical cyclone. It threatened the Bahamas and the East Coast of the United States.

Joaquin became the most powerful cyclone in the Atlantic in 2015. Hurricane Joaquin passed over the warmest ocean temperatures since record keeping began in 1880, of near 86°F (30°C).

The storm developed on September 28. It became Tropical Storm Joaquin on September 29, and a hurricane the day after.

The storm later threatened Bermuda.

Thirty-four people were killed in the storm, including 33 on the ship "El Faro".

The name "Joaquin" was retired. It was replaced with "Julian".

Hadi Norouzi

Hadi Norouzi (‎; 22 June 1985 – 1 October 2015) was an Iranian footballer. He played as a striker and winger. He was best known for playing for Persepolis, and became the club's captain two months before his death. He also had spells with clubs Pasargad Tehran, Fajr Sepah Tehran, Gahar Zagros and Naft Tehran. Norouzi was born in Babol, Mazandaran Province.

Norouzi died from a heart attack on 1 October 2015 in Tehran. He was 30.


Cape Fear (1962 movie)

Cape Fear is a 1962 American psychological thriller movie. It was directed by J. Lee Thompson and it was produced by Sy Bartlett. "Cape Fear" was released on April 12, 1962. It is adapted from the John D. MacDonald novel "The Executioners". The movie is about an attorney who along with his family is stalked by a vengeful criminal who he had helped send to jail for rape. A remake of the movie was made by Martin Scorsese and was released in 1991.

The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 95% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Bosley Crowther of the New York Times said that he liked the "tough, tight script" and the "steady and starkly sinister style" that the movie had to it. He finished his review by saying "this is really one of those shockers that provokes disgust and regret." Cady was ranked as #28 on the American Film Institute's list of top 50 movie villains of all time.


Pinto Colvig

Vance DeBar "Pinto" Colvig (September 11, 1892 - October 3, 1967) was an American actor, voice actor, newspaper cartoonist, circus performer, vaudeville performer, animator, and writer. He was best known as the original Bozo the Clown. He was the voice of Disney's Goofy. In 1993 he was honored with a Disney Legends award.

Colvig was born in 1892 in Jacksonville, Oregon. His parents were Addie and William Colvig. His father was the Jackson County attorney. He was the youngest of seven children. He was nicknamed "Pinto" because of all his freckles. Colvig grew up in Jacksonville and nearby Medford. He spend a good deal of time mimicking the sounds he heard all around him. He could mimic the sound of farm animals, a rusty gate and noises from around the village.

He studied art at Oregon Agricultural College (OAC) (later Oregon State University) in Corvallis, Oregon. in 1916 he married Margaret Slaven. They moved to San Francisco where Colvig worked as a cartoonist for the San Francisco Bulletin and the San Francisco Chronicle.

In the 1920s Colvig began working in Hollywood in silent movies. He was a comedy writer and played bit parts for Mack Sennett. He then moved to the Disney studios where he became one of their top artists.

When movies changed to sound he began doing voices for characters. He is also known for his Disney work as the voice of Goofy from 1932 until his death in 1967. He was the voice of Bluto in Popeye cartoons. He was Grumpy and Sleepy in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. In The Three Little Pigs he was the voice of the Practical Pig. He was also the co-writer of the song "Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?" in the same movie.

From the 1920s he provided sound effects on programs such as the Jack Benny Program and Amos 'n' Andy. He invented most of his own sound effects. He was known for making a funny line even funnier. Colvig is a legend among foley sound technicians.

As a teenager Colvig ran away to join the circus. He eventually performed as a circus clown. In 1946 he was hired by Capitol Records to work on the world's first read-along book “Bozo at the Circus.” The book and record were a tremendous success and there were demands by children to see Bozo. Drawing on his circus background, Colvig created a clown character to match the books and records. Station KTTV in Los Angeles created a television series for Bozo the clown starring Pinto Colvig. After Bozo, Colvig returned to doing voice work.

Colvig died of lung cancer on October 3, 1967, in Woodland Hills, California. He was 75 years old.

Cape Fear (1991 movie)

Cape Fear is a 1991 American psychological thriller movie. It was directed by Martin Scorsese and it was produced by Barbara De Fina. "Cape Fear" was released on November 13, 1991. It is adapted from the John D. MacDonald novel "The Executioners". It is a remake of the 1962 movie directed by J. Lee Thompson. The movie is about an attorney who is stalked along with his family by a vengeful criminal he had defended in court against rape charges, but was sent to jail for eight years.
The movie got positive reviews from critics. It has a 76% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the movie 3 out of 4 stars and said that he liked the "Cape Fear is impressive moviemaking, showing Scorsese as a master of a traditional Hollywood genre who is able to mold it to his own themes and obsessions. But as I look at this $35 million movie with big stars, special effects and production values, I wonder whether it represents a good omen from the finest director now at work."
At the 64th Academy Awards, Robert De Niro was nominated in the category of Best Actor and Juliette Lewis was nominated in the category of Best Supporting Actress but neither of them won. At the 49th Golden Globe Awards, De Niro was nominated for Best Actor – Drama and Lewis was nominated for Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture.


Edith Claire Bryce

Edith Claire Bryce (May 6, 1880 – February 28, 1960) was an American peace activist. She founded the Peace House.

Bryce was born on May 6, 1880. Her father was General Lloyd Stephens Bryce, the United States Ambassador to the Netherlands. Her mother was Edith Cooper Bryce, a Millionairess who died in 1916 leaving $ 3,000,000 to her family in her will. She married John Sergeant Cram. She founded Peace House, dedicated to the advancement of peace. She died on February 28, 1960. She was buried in Green-Wood Cemetery.


Bye (sports)

A bye in sports and other competitive activities can have two different meanings. Both mean that a participant in a competition is not required to compete while most of the other participants are. Its main use is in tournament competitions. In single-elimination tournaments, when there are an odd number of participants, a bye allows one or more to play in a later round. Other types of eliminator tournaments may also include a bye for others reasons. An example would be as a reward for the best ranked team(s).

In round-robin tournaments where there are an odd number of competitors, usually one gets a bye in each round. However, over the whole tournament, each team plays the same number of games.

Similar to the round-robin context, in leagues where most teams play on the same days during regular-season play, a team that does not play on a given day is said to be on bye. In sports that are played weekly, especially gridiron football, a team that does not play at all during a given week is said to be on its bye week. For example, during the regular football Season in the NFL, each team gets a week off (bye week) during the regular season.

Ten Thousand Fists

Ten Thousand Fists is the third studio album by Disturbed. Disturbed is an American heavy metal band. The album was released on September 20, 2005. It was the band's first album with John Moyer playing the bass guitar. This is because Steve Kmak left the band in 2003. The album was produced by John Karkazis. It was the band's third album produced by Karkazis.

The album was number one on the "Billboard" 200, an American music chart. It was Disturbed's second album to do this. In one week, over 200,000 copies of the album were sold. The album was certified platinum by the RIAA. The album also had a cover version of "Land of Confusion". This is a song by Genesis. The cover was number one on "Billboard"'s Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The album was made for Dimebag Darrell, a music maker that was killed before it was released.

Ptolemaic dynasty

The Ptolemaic dynasty, also known as the Lagids or Lagidae, was a Macedonian Greek royal family who ruled over Egypt. Their rule lasted for 275 years, from 305 BC to 30 BC. They were the last dynasty of ancient Egypt.

Ptolemy, was one of Alexander the Great's generals and deputies. He was appointed satrap of Egypt after Alexander's death in 323 BC. In 305 BC, he declared himself King Ptolemy I, later known as "Soter" (savior). The Egyptians soon accepted the Ptolemies as the successors to the pharaohs of independent Egypt. Unlike their previous rulers under the Achaemenid Empire, they usually lived in Egypt. Ptolemy's family ruled Egypt until the Roman conquest of 30 BC.

All the male rulers of the dynasty took the name Ptolemy. Ptolemaic queens, some of whom were the sisters of their husbands, were usually called Cleopatra, Arsinoe or Berenice. The most famous, was the last queen, Cleopatra VII. She was involved in the Roman political battles between Julius Caesar and Pompey, and later between Octavian and Mark Antony. Her death marked the end of Ptolemaic rule in Egypt.

Dates in brackets represent the ruling dates of the Ptolemaic pharaohs. They often ruled jointly with their wives, who were often also their sisters. Several queens exercised royal authority, but the most famous and successful was Cleopatra VII (51–30 BC), with her two brothers and her son as successive nominal co-rulers. Several systems exist for numbering the later rulers; the one used here is the one most widely used by modern scholars.



Members of the Ptolemaic dynasty were described as extremely obese. Their sculptures and coins show prominent eyes and swollen necks. Graves' disease within the family could explain the swollen necks and eye prominence (exophthalmos), although this is unlikely if they were simply obese.

Members of this dynasty likely suffered from a multi-organ fibrotic condition such as Erdheim–Chester disease or a familial multifocal fibrosclerosis. With this condition, then thyroiditis, obesity and ocular proptosis can all occur at the same time.



Hedjet

Hedjet is the name for the White Crown of Upper Egypt, used in Ancient Egypt. The crown was white and after Lower and Upper Egypt joined together, it was combined with the Deshret, the Red Crown of Lower Egypt. This Double Crown was called the Pschent. The symbol sometimes used for the Hedjet was the vulture goddess Nekhbet. This would be shown next to the head of the cobra goddess Wadjet, the Uraeus on the Pschent.

The white crown has a long history, going back into the Predynastic Period. This shows that kingship had been the base of Egyptian society for some time. The earliest image of the Hedjet was thought to have been in the Qustul in Nubia. New discoveries, particularly the excavation of Cemetery U and the tome U-j, dating to Naqada IIIA have shown that it appears earlier in Egypt.

Nekhbet, the protective goddess of Nekhebet (modern el Kab) near Hierakonpolis, was shown as a woman, sometimes with the head of a vulture, wearing the White Crown. The falcon god Horus of Hierakonpolis (Egyptian: Nekhen) was generally shown wearing a White Crown. The White Crown is on the Narmer Palette found at Hierakonpolis. It shows the king of the South wearing the "hedjet", triumphing over his northern enemies. The kings of the united Egypt saw themselves as successors of Horus. Vases from the reign of Khasekhemwy show the king as Horus wearing the White Crown.

As with the Deshret (Red Crown), no example of the White Crown has survived. It is unknown how it was made or what materials were used. It is possible it was made from felt or leather. The fact that no crown has ever been found, might suggest that the crown was passed from one ruler to the next, much as in present day monarchies.

Rose Livingston

Rose Livingston (circa 1885 - after 1937) was an American suffragist and former prostitute. She was known as the "Angel of Chinatown". She worked with prostitutes and victims of sexual slavery. 

In 1912 while trying to rescue a prostitute she was severely beaten.

In 1914 she participated in one of the Suffrage Hikes from Manhattan to Albany, New York.

In 1929, she was given a gold medal by the National Institute of Social Science.

In 1934 she was found living in poverty. A retirement fund was established for her.

In 1937 she was awarded a silver cup by Edith Claire Bryce (1880-1960) of the Peace House for her "deeds of courage without violence".

Joe Wark

Joe Wark (9 October 1947 – 1 October 2015) was a Scottish professional footballer. He spent all of his professional career with Motherwell. He made 464 appearances for the club in the Scottish Football League between 1968 and 1984. He was born in Glasgow.

Wark died after a long illness on 1 October 2015. He was 67.

Jacob Pressman

Jacob "Jack" Pressman (October 26, 1919 – October 1, 2015) was an American Conservative rabbi. He was the rabbi of Temple Beth Am in Los Angeles, California from 1950 to 1985. He was a co-founder of the American Jewish University in Bel Air. He also wrote a weekly column in "The Beverly Hills Courier" from 2004 to 2015.

Pressman was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was born to Jewish parents, Solomon and Dora Pressman. He was married to Marjorie. They had three children.

Pressman died on October 1, 2015 in Beverly Hills, California. He was 95.

Max Keeping

Winston Maxwell "Max" Keeping (April 1, 1942 – October 1, 2015) was a Canadian broadcaster and philanthropist. He was CJOH-DT vice-president of news and public affairs. CJOH-DT is the CTV station in Ottawa, Ontario. He was an anchor for the station from 1972 until his retirement in 2010.

Keeping was born in Grand Bank, Newfoundland. He died from cancer in Ottawa, aged 73.

Usnija Redžepova

Usnija Redžepova (; 4 February 1946 – 1 October 2015) was a Macedonian who belongend to the Romani people actress and singer. She appeared in the movies "Zenidba nosaca Samuela" (1973), "The Dervish and Death" (1974) and "Kostana" (1980). She was given a national pension from the Serbian government on 29 December 2011.

Redžepova was born in Skopje. She was of Romani people. She died from lung cancer in Belgrade, aged 69.

Ricky Talan

Rick "Ricky" Talan (3 November 1960 – 30 September 2015) was a Dutch footballer. He was striker. He played for the clubs AZ Alkmaar, Vitesse, Cercle Brugge and Haarlem between 1979 and 1988.

Talan was born in Katwijk, South Holland. His younger brother, Jeffrey Talan, was also a footballer.

Talan died from brain cancer on 30 September 2015 in Zevenaar, Gelderland. He was 54.

Saqqara Tablet

The Saqqara Tablet is stone from Ancient Egypt. On it is written a list of Egyptian pharaohs from the New Kingdom. It was found in a tomb at Saqqara in 1861. The tomb belonged to Tjenry (or Tjuneroy), an official of the pharaoh Ramesses II. He was a priest and "Overseer of Works on All Royal Monuments". The stone is now in the Egyptian Museum.

The list names 58 kings, from Anedjib and Qa'a in the First Dynasty to Ramesses II in the Nineteenth Dynasty. The list is in reverse chronological order. It leaves out names of "rulers from the Second Intermediate Period, the Hyksos, and those rulers... who had been close to the heretic Akhenaten".

Each name is surrounded by a border known as a cartouche). The stone is badly damaged, and only 47 names have survived. There are mistakes in the list. For example, it only mentions four kings of the Third Dynasty. The order is correct only for the kings of the Twelfth Dynasty. The only known photograph of the king list was published in 1865.

The names are listed in reverse chronological order from the upper right to the bottom left, as they were meant to be read.


Hovsta

Hovsta is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 2,785 people lived there.

Richard W. Mallary

Richard Walker Mallary (February 21, 1929 – September 27, 2011) was an American politician. He was as a U.S. Representative from Vermont representing Vermont's At-large congressional district from 1972 to 1975.

Mallary died of prostate cancer in Brookfield, Vermont, aged 82.

Coronel Suárez

Coronel Suárez is a town in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It is the head town of the Coronel Suárez Partido.

The Partido was created in 1882 and the city was founded in 1883. It was named after Manuel Isidoro Suárez, a colonel of Argentine army who fought in the Battle of Junín in 1824.

Eugene V. Debs

Eugene Victor "Gene" Debs (November 5, 1855 – October 20, 1926) was an American union leader, one of the founding members of the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW or the Wobblies), and a five times candidate of the Socialist Party of America for President of the United States. Through his presidential candidacies, as well as his work with labor movements, Debs eventually became one of the best-known socialists living in the United States. He earned about a million votes in one election while being in prison.

Debs was born on November 5, 1885 in Terre Haute, Indiana. He left school when he was 14 in order to work on scraping paint and grease off cars in the Vandalia Railroad on a 50 cent a day wage.

Holly Madison

Holly Sue Cullen (born December 23, 1979), the model is known mostly as Holly Madison, is an American television personality. She is best known for being one of Hugh Hefner's girlfriends on the reality television series "The Girls Next Door". She also had her own reality series, "Holly's World".

<br>

Ernest Deane

Ernest Cotton Deane (born 4 May 1887 and died 25 September 1915) was a medical officer of the British Indian Army. He was born in the city of Limerick, Ireland. He went to school in Dún Laoghaire (then called Kingstown) in County Dublin. Deane studied medicine at the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, graduating in 1909. He played rugby for Ireland in one match, against England in February 1909. However, his rugby career was cut short after he broke his leg soon after in a game against Oxford University.

Deane became a surgeon at the Adelaide Hospital, Dublin. He was then commissioned into the Royal Army Medical Corps in 1911. In 1913, he was posted to India and served in Burma. He was sent to Meerut at the start of the First World War. He went to France with the Garhwal Brigade of the Indian Expeditionary Force. They d in Marseilles in September 1914. He was then sent immediately to the Western Front. There he served first with the 20th Field Ambulance. Then he served as a medical officer of the 2nd Battalion, The Royal Leicestershire Regiment. His unit saw much active service. On 22 August 1915, he was awarded the Military Cross after running out under machine gun fire to rescue four men who had been wounded by artillery fire. A month later, his regiment participated in the Battle of Loos, and was almost entirely destroyed. He was shot dead after going to help some injured soldiers. His action earned him a mention in dispatches.

Doo-wop

Doo-wop is a genre of music that was developed in African-American communities in The USA. It started in the 1940s. Doo-wop achieved mainstream popularity in the 1950s and early 1960s. Built upon vocal harmony, doo-wop was one of the most mainstream, pop-oriented R&B styles of the time. Singer Bill Kenny (1914–1978) is often called the "Godfather of Doo-wop". He introduced the "top and bottom" format which featured a high tenor singing the lead and a bass singer reciting the lyrics in the middle of the song. Doo-wop features vocal group harmony, nonsense syllables, a simple beat, sometimes little or no instrumentation, and simple music and lyrics.

The first record to use the syllables "doo-wop" was the 1955 hit "When You Dance" by the Turbans. The term "doo-wop" first appeared in print in 1961. During the late 1950s many Italian-American groups added to the doo-wop scene. The peak of doo-wop was in 1961. Doo-wop's influence continued in soul, pop, and rock groups of the 1960s. At various times in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, the genre has seen revivals. Doo-wop was a precursor to many of the afro-American musical styles seen today. An evolution of jazz and blues, doo-wop also influenced many of the major Rock and Roll groups that defined the later decades of the 20th century. Doo-wop is iconic for it’s swing-like beats and using the off-beat to keep time. Doo-wop laid the foundation for many musical innovations, for example, R&B.
It has had a revival recently as Meghan Trainor usually makes songs with in the genre.

Elder High School

Elder High School is a Catholic all-boys private high school in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA. The high school has been in existence for 90 years. It is a private high school within the Archdiocese of Cincinnati. This high school is known for its academic and athletic programs. It has a strong following of students, alumni and friends who support the school at sports events. They also support community events and fundraising for capital and operating budgets.

Guido Altarelli

Guido Altarelli (July 12, 1941 - September 30, 2015) was an Italian theoretical physicist. He was born in Rome, Italy. 

He held positions at New York University (1968–69), the Rockefeller University (New York, 1969–70), l' École Normale Supérieure in Paris (76-77, 81) and Boston University (85-86).



Lubomír Lipský

Lubomír Lipský (April 19, 1923 – October 2, 2015) was a Czech actor. He was known for his roles in "Four Murders Are Enough, Darling", "Grapes", and in "Six Bears and a Clown".

He was born in Pelhřimov. His brother was director Oldřich Lipský. He died in Prague, aged 92.

Eric Arturo Delvalle

Eric Arturo Delvalle Cohen-Henríquez (2 February 1937 – 2 October 2015) was a Panamanian politician and a member of the Republican Party. He served as the Vice President of Panama from 1984 until 28 September 1985. He then served as the President until 26 February 1988 under Manuel Noriega. He tried to overthrow Noriega but went into hiding and left the country.

Delvalle was born in Panama City. He was of Jewish ancestry. His uncle, Max Delvalle, was the first Jewish president in Latin America. He was married to Mariela Delvalle.

Delvalle died on 2 October 2015 in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. He was 78.

Compurgation

Compurgation was an ancient type of defence in a legal trial. An accused person could call a number of people, usually twelve. They swore to their belief in his or her innocence.

In England, it was abolished in common law by the "Constitutions of Clarendon" of Henry II in 1164. The defence was still permitted in civil actions for debt. Eventually, it was entirely abolished in England in 1833.

Javid Iqbal

Justice Javed Iqbal (Urdu: ‎ 5 October 1924 – 3 October 2015) was a Pakistani philosopher and senior justice of Supreme Court of Pakistan. He was internationally known for his publications on philosophy of law and modern Islamic philosophy.

Javed began his career as an advocate in Lahore High Court, and later became a judge in 1971 and then Chief Justice of the court. He was also a judge in the Supreme Court of Pakistan

Iqbal died while under treatment for cancer at the Shaukat Khanum Memorial Cancer Hospital in Lahore, aged 90.

Tyrus Wong

Tyrus Wong (; October 25, 1910 – December 30, 2016) was a Chinese-born American artist. 

He was a painter, muralist, ceramicist, lithographer, designer and kite maker. Wong has worked for Disney and Warner Brothers. Wong's most famous work was for the Disney animated classic, "Bambi".


Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation

The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation is the head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 

The director is responsible for the day-to-day operations. Along with the deputy director, the director makes sure cases and operations are handled correctly. The director also is in charge of hiring the leaders in any one of the FBI field offices with qualified agents. The director advised the president on any issues that arose from within the FBI. This was until the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 was enacted in response to the September 11 attacks. Since then, the director reports to the Director of National Intelligence, who in turn reports to the president.

Directors are appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed by the Senate. In theory, they serve ten-year terms unless they resign, die, or are let go. In reality, none have served a full ten years, except J. Edgar Hoover and Robert Mueller. They both served longer than ten years. J. Edgar Hoover was appointed by Calvin Coolidge to the office in 1924. He was by far the longest-serving director. Hoover held the position from its establishment under the current title in 1935 until his death in 1972 because there was then no law limiting service time. In response to Hoover's lengthy tenure, Congress imposed a term limit of ten years (waived by the Senate for Robert Mueller on July 27, 2011). The current FBI director is Christopher A. Wray, who assumed his position on August 2, 2017.

When the Bureau of Investigation (BOI) was established in 1908, its head was called the Chief of the Bureau of Investigation. It was changed to the Director of the Bureau of Investigation since the term of William J. Flynn (1919–1921), and to its current name when the BOI was renamed FBI in 1935.

Mabel Boll

Mabel Boll (December 1, 1893 – April 11, 1949) was an American socialite. In 1927 she planned, with Charles A. Levine, to be the first woman to fly across the Atlantic Ocean as a passenger. She was known as the "Queen of Diamonds" as the owner of the 46.57-carat emerald-cut Mabel Boll diamond.

Boll was born on December 1, 1893 in Rochester, New York. 

In 1927, Boll planned, with Charles A. Levine, to be the first woman to fly across the Atlantic Ocean as a passenger.

Boll died of a stroke at the Manhattan State Hospital, the psychiatric hospital on Wards Island on April 11, 1949 at the age of 55.

Co-education

Co-education is the education of males and females in the same schools. The practice has been different in different countries and at different times.

Most primary schools have been co-educational for a long time since it was believed that there is no reason to educate females separately from males before the age of puberty. Also, the curriculum in primary schools is not controversial since it emphasizes reading, writing, and arithmetic, with some elementary knowledge of geography and history. In some countries, it includes some religious and cultural education.

However, before the mid-19th century, girls were often educated at home or not educated at all. On that point, there were great differences in different parts of the world. In England and Wales, universal primary education was set up by the Elementary Education Act of 1870, and attendance from the ages of 5 to 10 was compulsory. That was extended in another Act of 1880. Since then. almost all primary education in the United Kingdom has been co-educational, as it is in many other countries.

With secondary education, children go through the process of puberty, and there is no general agreement as to whether both sexes should be educated together. People make arguments both for and against the idea. At one extreme is the United States in which both sexes are usually educated together at all stages. At the other extreme are certain traditional societies in which girls do not get a secondary education at all. The tendency has been for more countries to move to co-education as the standard at every level of education. An exception would be the Islamic world, where girls are educated separately from boys or even not educated at all.

The world's oldest co-educational school may be Archbishop Tenison's Church of England High School, Croydon. It was established in 1714 in what in Surrey but is now in South London. It has admitted both boys and girls since its opening. It has always been a day school only and is thought that to be the oldest surviving mixed-sex school in the world.


Colour Me Free!

Colour Me Free! is the fourth studio album by English singer-songwriter Joss Stone, released on 20 October 2009 by Virgin Records. The album was originally scheduled to be released in April 2009. However, Stone's label, EMI, delayed it to July and again to 20 October.


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Colour Me Free!"


The Temple Institute

The Temple Institute ( – "") is a museum, research institute and education center in Old City of Jerusalem. It was established in 1987 by Rabbi Yisrael Ariel. The institute is dedicated to the two Temples in Jerusalem (called the First and Second Temples). Rabbi Ariel plans to rebuild the Second Temple on the man-made plateau the Jews call the Temple Mount. The site is currently occupied by an Islamic shrine, the Dome of the Rock. The institute has collected tens of thousands of dollars, mostly from Jews in the United States. This is in spite of the fact that rebuilding the temple of Herod, destroyed by the Romans in 79 AD, would almost certainly cause a major war. In 2014, the government of Jordan sent a letter to the State of Israel warning them to guard against any attacks by extremist groups against the Temple Mount.


Bathory

The word Bathory may refer to:


Nordland I

Nordland I is the eleventh studio album by the Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It was released on 18 November 2002 through Black Mark Productions The album is mainly viking metal, so the songs have lyrics about Norse mythology. The album was the first in a two-album set, and no plans for Nordland III ever existed.


Blood Fire Death

Blood Fire Death is the fourth studio album by the Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It was released on 8 October 1988, through the music label of Under One Flag. The album is mainly black metal, but it is sometimes called the first viking metal album. In 2009, IGN included "Blood Fire Death" in their "10 Great Black Metal Albums" list.


Quorthon

Tomas "Ace" Börje Forsberg (often called Quorthon;born on 17 February 1966 in Sweden) was a Swedish musician. He was the founder and songwriter for the extreme metal band Bathory. Bathory was known for laying out the groundwork for black metal and later viking metal. Quorthon was a multi-instrumentalist. He wrote all the music and lyrics for Bathory, and on some albums he played all the instruments (guitar, bass, drums, etc.). He also made solo albums. Quorthon died around 3 June 2004 in Stockholm, Sweden. He died of heart failure.


Black Magic (Little Mix song)

"Black Magic" is a dance pop song by the girl group Little Mix. The song is of using magic to promote love. It was released as the lead single from their third studio album "Get Weird".

The song has many versions. One of them is four minutes long.

Upon its release, "Black Magic" was liked by music critics. The song was influenced by 1980s music. On the UK Singles Chart, the song reached #1. It also reached the Top 10 in some other countries. However, the song only reached #68 on "Billboard" Hot 100.

Diodorus Siculus

Diodorus Siculus or Diodorus of Sicily was a Greek historian. He is known for writing the universal history "Bibliotheca historica", much of which survives, between 60 and 30 BC. It is arranged in three parts. The first part covers mythic history up to the destruction of Troy. It is arranged geographically, describing regions around the world including Egypt, India, Arabia, Greece and Europe. The second part covers the Trojan War to the death of Alexander the Great. The third part covers the period to about 60 BC. The title Bibliotheca, meaning 'library', shows that he was using the work of many other authors.

Diodorus wrote that he was born at Agyrium in Sicily (now called Agira). There is only two other references to Diodorus. One is by Jerome, in his "Chronicon" from 49 BC, who wrote that "Diodorus of Sicily, a writer of Greek history, became illustrious". There is also a Greek inscription in the collection of the Agyrium (Inscriptiones Graecae XIV, 588) about the tombstone of one "Diodorus, the son of Apollonius". (This may be a different person).

Diodorus' book, which he called "Bibliotheca historica" meaning "Historical Library", consisted of 40 books. Books 1–5 and 11–20 survive. Small sections of the lost books are preserved in Photius and the excerpts of Constantine Porphyrogenitus.

It was divided into three sections. The first six books treated the mythic history of the non-Hellenic and Hellenic tribes to the destruction of Troy and are geographical in theme, and describe the history and culture of Ancient Egypt (book I), of Mesopotamia, India, Scythia, and Arabia (II), of North Africa (III), and of Greece and Europe (IV–VI).

In the next section (books VII–XVII), he tells the history of the world from the Trojan War down to the death of Alexander the Great. The last section (books XVII to the end) concerns the historical events from the successors of Alexander down to either 60 BC or the beginning of Julius Caesar's Gallic Wars. As the last books have been lost, it is not known if Diodorus reached the beginning of the Gallic War as he promised at the beginning of his work or, as evidence suggests, old and tired from his labours he stopped at 60 BC.) He used the name "Bibliotheca" to show that he was writing a work from many sources. Identified authors on whose works he drew include Hecataeus of Abdera, Ctesias of Cnidus, Ephorus, Theopompus, Hieronymus of Cardia, Duris of Samos, Diyllus, Philistus, Timaeus, Polybius, and Posidonius.

His writing of gold mining in Nubia in eastern Egypt is one of the earliest texts on the topic, and describes in vivid detail the use of slave labour in terrible working conditions.

He also described the Celts:
"Physically the Celts are terrifying in appearance with deep-sounding and very harsh voices. In conversation they use few words and speak in riddles, for the most part hinting at things and leaving a great deal to be understood. They frequently exaggerate with the aim of extolling themselves and diminishing the status of others. They are boasters and threateners, and given to bombastic self-dramatization, and yet they are quick of mind and with good natural ability for learning." (Book 5)



Multi-party system

A multi-party system is a system where multiple political parties take part in national elections. Each party has its own views. A lot of countries that use this system have a coalition government, meaning many parties are in control, and they all work together to make laws. Good examples of countries that have this system include Brazil, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Mexico, The Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Pakistan, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Taiwan, Philippines, and South Korea. There is no limit to the number of parties that can take part in a British election, but the government must command a majority in the House of Commons, and is usually formed from one party.

List of political parties in Iceland

This article is a list of political parties in Iceland.

These are the parties that are not in the Althing and have no political power.




Reykjanesbær

Reykjanesbær is a municipality in south western Iceland. It is made up of the towns Keflavík, Njarðvík, the village of Hafnir and Ásbrú. The municipality was created in 1995. Reykjanesbær is the fifth largest municipality in Iceland. It has a population of 14,527 people.


Thinis

Thinis or This (Egyptian: Tjenu) was the capital city of the first dynasties of ancient Egypt. The actual site of Thinis has not yet been discovered. Ancient writers, such as Manetho, said it was the centre of the Thinite Confederacy. Their leader Menes (or Narmer), united Egypt and was its first pharaoh. In the Third Dynasty the capital was moved to Memphis. This meant that Thinis was no longer important. It still played a role in administration becauset was close to border of the competing Heracleopolitan and Theban dynasties of the First Intermediate Period. It was also near oases of military importance, during the Old and New Kingdoms. Thinis lost its position as a regional administrative centre by the Roman period.

Due to its ancient heritage, Thinis remained a significant religious centre. It was the home to the tomb and mummy of the local god. In ancient Egyptian religious cosmology, as seen (for example) in the "Book of the Dead", Thinis played a role as a mythical place in heaven.

The exact site of Thinis is unknown. Historians believe its was near ancient Abydos and modern Girga.


Khayu

Khayu is a king from the Early Dynastic Period who ruled in Lower Egypt. The only mention of his name is on the Palermo Stone. there are no other records of Khayu. He could be a mythical king preserved through ancient stories, or may even be completely fictitious.

Božo Bakota

Božo Bakota (5 October 1950 – 1 October 2015) was a Croatian footballer. He played as a forward and midfielder professionally between 1971 and 1986. He played for NK Zagreb and SK Sturm Graz. He also played for the Yugoslavia national team in 1978. He was born in Zagreb.

Bakota died on 1 October 2015 in Graz, Austria. He was 64.

Cartouche

A cartouche is a hieroglyphic symbol of an ancient Egyptian pharaoh. It is oval with a horizontal line at one end, showing that the text enclosed is a royal name.

It starts to be used at the beginning of the Fourth Dynasty under Pharaoh Sneferu. The cartouche is usually vertical with a horizontal line, but it is horizontal if it makes the name fit better, with a vertical line on the left. The Ancient Egyptian word for it was "shenu". In demotic writing, the cartouche was reduced to a pair of brackets and a vertical line.

Of the five royal titles it was the "prenomen", the throne name, and the "Son of Ra" titulary, the so-called "nomen" name given at birth, which were enclosed by a cartouche.

At times amulets were given the form of a cartouche displaying the name of a king and placed in tombs. Such items are often important to archaeologists for dating the tomb and its contents. Cartouches were only worn by pharaohs.

Amarna period

The Amarna period was an era of Ancient Egypt in the last half of the Eighteenth dynasty.

The royal residence of the pharaoh and his queen was shifted to Akhetaten ('Horizon of the Aten') in what is now Amarna. It was marked by the reign of Amenhotep IV, who changed his name to Akhenaten (1353–1336 BC). This was to underline the dramatic change of Egypt's polytheistic religion into one where the sun disc Aten was worshipped over all other gods. Aten was not solely worshipped (the religion was not monotheistic), but other gods were worshipped to a significantly lesser degree. The Egyptian pantheon of the equality of all gods and goddesses was restored under Akhenaten's successor.

During Akhenaten's reign, royal portraiture changed. Sculptures of Akhenaten are different from those of earlier pharaohs. Akhenaten is shown in an androgynous (less manly) and stylized manner, with large thighs, a slim torso, drooping belly, full lips, and a long neck and nose. Some believe that the break with convention was due to "the presence at Amarna of new people or groups of artists whose background and training were different from those of the Karnak sculptors".

The events following Akhenaten's death are unclear and the identity and policies of his co-regent and immediate successor Smenkhkare are unclear.

Tutankhamun died before he was twenty years old, and the dynasty's final years clearly were shaky. The royal line of the dynasty died out with Tutankhamun. Two fetuses found buried in his tomb may have been his twin daughters who would have continued the royal lineage, according to a 2008 investigation.

The last two members of the eighteenth dynasty – Ay and Horemheb – became rulers from the ranks of officials in the royal court. Ay may have married the widow of Tutankhamun in order to get power and she did not live long afterward. Ay's reign was short. His successor was Horemheb, a general in the Egyptian army, who had been a diplomat in the administration of Tutankhamun. He may have been named as a successor by the childless Tutankhamun. Horemheb may have taken the throne away from Ay in a coup. He also died childless and appointed his successor, Paramessu who, under the name Ramesses I, ascended the throne in 1292 BC. He was the first pharaoh of the Nineteenth dynasty.

Kirsten Holmstedt

Kirsten A. Holmstedt is an American author and journalist. She has written for newspapers, magazines and business publications. Holmstead is the author of two books on women in the military.

She was born and grew up in Mystic, Connecticut, USA. In 1985 she earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in journalism from Drake University. In 2006, she earned a Master of Fine Arts degree in creative non-fiction from the University of North Carolina at Wilmington.

Besides two books on women and the military, she has written other articles on military issues. She left her job as a public information officer for Coastal Carolina Community College in Jacksonville, North Carolina to be a freelance writer.




Donna Shalala

Donna Edna Shalala ( ; born February 14, 1941) is an American politician. She was the United States representative of Florida's 27th congressional district from January 3, 2019 to January 3, 2021.

She served as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services under President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 2001. She was the president of the University of Miami, a private university in Coral Gables, Florida, from 2001 through 2015.

In August 2018, she became the Democratic nominee for Florida's 27th Congressional District. She won the general election on November 6, 2018. She lost her re-election in 2020 to Republican Maria Elvira Salazar.


J. Whyatt Mondesire

J. Whyatt Mondesire (October 10, 1949 – October 4, 2015) was an American journalist and civil rights activist. He was a reporter at "The Philadelphia Inquirer" during the early career. He now owns the "Philadelphia Sun" newspaper. He was president of the Philadelphia branch of the NAACP for over ten years.

Mondesire died in Philadelphia from a brain aneurysm, aged 65.


Rusty Staub

Daniel Joseph "Rusty" Staub (April 1, 1944 – March 29, 2018) was an American Major League Baseball right fielder, designated hitter, and first baseman and philanthropist. He has a 23-year baseball career with 5 different teams. He was an original member of the Montreal Expos.

Staub also played for the Houston Colt .45s, the New York Mets, the Detroit Tigers and the New York Yankees.

On April 4, 1986, Staub established the Rusty Staub Foundation to provide educational scholarships for youth and fight hunger.

In 1986, Staub founded the New York Police and Fire Widows' and Children's Benefit Fund, which supports the families of New York City police officers, firefighters, Port Authority police, and emergency medical personnel who were killed in the line of duty. 

In July 2006, Staub teamed with Mascot Books to publish his first children's book, "Hello, Mr. Met".

Staub died on March 29, 2018 of multiple organ failure complicated by respiratory tract infection-related pneumonia in West Palm Beach, Florida at the age of 73.

Whitney Houston (album)

Whitney Houston is the self titled debut album of American recording artist Whitney Houston, released February 14, 1985 on Arista Records.

"Whitney Houston" received positive reviews.



LP1 (Joss Stone album)

LP1 is the fifth studio album by English singer-songwriter Joss Stone. It was released on 21 July 2011 on Stone's own label, Stone'd Records, after she had left her label EMI in 2010.

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "LP1".


Betty Williams (peace activist)

Betty Williams (22 May 1943 – 17 March 2020) was a Northern Irish peace activist. She was born in Belfast. She started the organization "Community of Peace People", who worked toward getting peace in Northern Ireland. In 1976, she was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, together with Mairead Corrigan, who also co-founded the organization.

Williams died on 17 March 2020 in Belfast at the age of 76.


Edward Sims Van Zile

Edward Sims Van Zile (May 2, 1863 - May 29, 1931) was an American writer. He published fiction, non-fiction, biographies, a commentary on war, and a history of the early days of movies. In 1904, in an essay about him, "Book News Biographies" said "for the past ten years Mr. Van Zile has been known to the reading public through many short stories, novelettes and a few novels".

He was born on May 2, 1863 in Troy, New York to Oscar Edward Van Zile and Sarah Melinda Perry. He was a descendant of Hollanders who came to America in the 17th century. As a boy he read everything he could on every subject. He graduated from Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut in 1884. In 1904 the college gave him the honorary degree of Doctor of Letters. In addition to several books and articles, he wrote a libretto for a musical comedy.

In 1887 he married Mary Bulkeley. They had a daughter, Winifred Van Zile (1902-1902). He died on May 29, 1931 of a stroke at his home at 439 East Fifty-first Street in Manhattan, New York City. He was buried in Cedar Hill Cemetery in Hartford, Connecticut.

By 1876, baseball scores were telegraphed, inning by inning, to newspaper offices. Fans who did not want to wait for the newspaper coverage of away games waited at newspaper offices. Some newspapers put up blackboards trying to show the progress of a game as they received the telegraphs.
In 1888, Van Zile was working as an editorial writer at the New York World. He found himself doodling an idea on a notepad. He was, subconsciously he later said, working out a diagram of a baseball diamond. On it he showed pegs indicating the positions of players and other information. Edwin Grozier, at the time Private Secretary to Joseph Pulitzer, looking over his shoulder said "Van Zile, you get that idea patented, and I'll give you $250 for your interest in it." He had come up with what he called a "Bulletin Board and Base Ball Indicator." He filed for a patent in 1888 and it was issued in 1889. It was a major breakthrough in showing the progress of baseball games. The World newspaper placed a large version of it outside their offices for that year’s baseball championship series. It was a tremendous hit. Crowds of up to 6,000 watched to get a play-by-play view of the games.




Second Dynasty of Egypt

The Second Dynasty ruled ancient Egypt from c. 2890 to c. 2686 BC It is the second dynasty of the Early Dynastic Period of Egypt. During this time the seat of government was centred at Thinis. Very little is known about this period in ancient Egyptian history.

There is very little archaeological evidence of the time. But to compare the differences between the First and Third Dynasties shows that there must have important institutional and economic developments during the Second Dynasty.

The names of the rulers of the Second Dynasty is not known exactly. Most sources agree on the names of the first pharaohs. These are:
The names of the next two or three rulers is unclear. We may have both the Horus-name or "Nebty" (meaning "two ladies") name "and" their birth names for these rulers, however they may be entirely different individuals; or they may be legendary names. On the left are the rulers most Egyptologists place here; on the right are the names from Manetho's "Aegyptica":
With the last ruler, we return to an agreement:
Manetho wrote that the capital was at Thinis, the same as during the First Dynasty. However, at least the first three kings were buried at Saqqara. This could mean the center of power had moved to Memphis. Beyond this, little can be said about the events during this period. The annual records on the Palermo Stone only survive for the end of the reign of Nebra and for parts of Nynetjer's. One important event possibly happened during the reign of Khasekhemwy: many Egyptologists read his name ("the Two Powers arise") as commemorating the union of the Upper and Lower Egypts.

Emilia Clarke

Emilia Clarke (born 23 October 1986) is an English actress. She played Sarah Connor in "Terminator Genisys" and Holly Golightly in the stage play for "Breakfast at Tiffany's". In the Home Box Office television series, "Game of Thrones", she played Daenerys Targaryen. Clarke was nominated twice for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2013 and in 2015. Clarke was born in London.

Water for Your Soul

Water for Your Soul is the seventh studio album by English singer-songwriter Joss Stone. It was released on 31 July 2015 by her own label, Stone'd Records.

"Water for Your Soul" received mixed to positive reviews from music critics.


Control (Janet Jackson album)

Control is the third studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. It was released on February 4, 1986, by A&M Records. It was her first album after she had fired her father, Joseph Jackson as her manager. Since the album's release it has been certified platinum. It is one of her most known albums. It has sold over 14 million copies worldwide.

"Control" received positive reviews from music critics.

Janet Remixed

Janet Remixed is the second remix album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. Released on March 13, 1995 by Virgin.



Hereditary haemochromatosis

Hereditary haemochromatosis is a disease caused by a genetic disorder in which a person accumulates a dangerous level of iron in a body.

Humans, cannot quickly expel extra iron. Therefore extra iron accumulates in tissues and organs and harms the bodies normal function.

The hereditary form of the disease is most common among those of Northern European ancestry, in particular those of Celtic descent. The disease is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means both copies of the gene in each cell have mutations. Most often, the parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive condition each carry one copy of the mutated gene, but do not show signs and symptoms of the condition.

The Soul Sessions

The Soul Sessions is the debut studio album by English singer-songwriter Joss Stone. It was released on 16 September 2003 by S-Curve Records and EMI/Virgin Records.

When "The Soul Sessions" was released on 16 September 2003. At the time Stone was just 16 years old. The album took four days to record. The songs on the album are cover versions of classic soul songs.

"The Soul Sessions" received positive reviews from music critics.

Vyasa

Vyasa (, , literally “Compiler”) is an important figure in most Hindu traditions. He is sometimes called Veda Vyāsa (वेदव्यास, "veda-vyāsa", "the one who classified the Vedas") or Krishna Dvaipāyana (referring to his complexion and birthplace). He is the author of the "Mahabharata". He is also a character in it. He is considered to be the scribe of both the Vedas and Puranas. According to Hindu beliefs, Vyasa is an avatar of the god Vishnu. Vyasa is also considered to be one of the seven Chiranjivins (long lived, or immortals), who are still in existence according to Hindu belief.

Vyasa born in Nepal lived around the 3rd millennium BCE. The festival of "Guru Purnima" is dedicated to him. It is also known as "Vyasa Purnima", for it is the day believed to be both his birthday and the day he divided the Vedas.

Vyasa appears for the first time as the compiler of, and an important character in, the "Mahabharata". It is said that he was the expansion of the god Vishnu who came in Dwaparayuga to make all the Vedic knowledge available in writing which was available in only in spoken form at that time. He was the son of Satyavati, daughter of the fisherman Dusharaj, and the wandering sage Parashara. He is credited with being the author of the first Purana, Vishnu Purana). Vyasa was born on an island in the Yamuna river. There are two different views regarding the place of his birth. One of the views suggests that he was born in the Tanahun district in western Nepal. Another view suggests that he was born on Island in Yamuna river near Kalpi, Uttar Pradesh, India. Vyasa had a dark complexion and may be called by the name "Krishna" (black), and also the name "Dwaipayana", meaning 'island-born'.

The Best of Joss Stone 2003–2009

The Best of Joss Stone 2003–2009 is the first greatest hits album by English recording artist Joss Stone, released on 23 September 2011 by Virgin and EMI. The album was going to be called "Super Duper Hits: The Best of Joss Stone",

"The Best of Joss Stone 2003-2009" is filled with songs from all of Stone's albums that she released with Virgin and EMI, the album was released without Stone's permission, to which she commented to in an interview about how she didn't like the original title that the album would have been called.

The Soul Sessions Vol. 2

The Soul Sessions Vol. 2 is the sixth studio album by English singer-songwriter Joss Stone, released on 20 July 2012 by S-Curve Records and her own label, Stone'd Records.

Like her debut album "The Soul Sessions" (2003) where the songs were covers of classic soul songs, "The Soul Sessions Vol. 2"s songs are covers of soul and R&B songs that were originally made during the 1970s.

"The Soul Sessions Vol. 2" received positive reviews from music critics.

Jos Vandeloo

Josephus Albertus "Jos" Vandeloo (Zonhoven, 5 September 1925 - 5 October 2015) was a Belgian writer and poet. His career began in the 1950s. He became well known with the stories "De muur" (E: The wall) en "Het gevaar" (E: The danger).


José Eduardo Dutra

José Eduardo Dutra (11 April 1957 – 4 October 2015) was a Brazilian businessman and politician. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. He joined Petrobras in 1983, and served as CEO from 2003 to 2005. He returned to the company in 2012, after a two year stint as the president of the Workers' Party. He was elected to the Federal Senate in 1994 and served until his death in 2015.

Dutra died of cancer in Belo Horizonte, aged 58.

Will H. Hays

William Harrison Hays, Sr. (November 5, 1879 – March 7, 1954) was chairman of the Republican National Committee from 1918 to 1921. He was United States Postmaster General from 1921 to 1922. He is best known for the Hays Code for censorship of American movies. He was born in Sullivan, Indiana.

He was the manager of Warren G. Harding's successful campaign for the Presidency of the United States in 1920. He was then named Postmaster General. While serving in the Harding Administration, he became somewhat involved in the Teapot Dome scandal. This was because of some illegal donations.

Hays gave up his cabinet position on January 14, 1922. He become President of the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), when it first began. This group now handles the well-known voluntary film rating system. He began his new job, at a $35,360 () annual salary, on March 6 of that year. There was talk that he would be paid between $100,000 and $150,000 a year.

The goal of the group was to rescue the image of the movie industry because of a scandal at that time. An actress, Virginia Rappe, had been raped and murdered. A well-known movie star, Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle was accused. Religious groups were angry and demanded federal censorship of the movies. Hiring Hays to "clean up the moving pictures" was a public relations tactic. Much was said about his conservative ways. These included his being a Presbyterian deacon and the past chairman of the Republican Party.

In his new role in Hollywood, Hays' main task was to stop American state censor boards from banning movies that were too dirty to be shown. He also had to keep costs down for the movie studios for changes made to give a movie an acceptable rating. At that time, the movie studios were required by state laws to pay the censor boards for each foot of movie that was cut out. Studios also had the expense of making different versions of each censored movie for each state's different ruling.

Hays tried to reduce studio costs by telling studios how to make movies that would be safe enough not to have to be cut or changed. Each board kept its "standards" secret. Hays had to try to guess what would or would not be allowed by each board. He made a set of guidelines he called "The Don'ts and Be Carefuls". In general he was not successful in quieting demands for federal censorship.

Catholic bishops and non-church people were suspicious of federal censorship. They preferred the Hays approach of self-censorship. For several months in 1929, a group of Catholic leaders tried to come up with a new stricter code of behavior for the movies. A church Father wrote the legal code. This later became known as "The Hays Code". It was shown to Will Hays in 1930. He said, "My eyes nearly popped out when I read it. This was the very thing I had been looking for".

From 1930 to 1934, the Production Code was only somewhat helpful in fighting off calls for federal censorship. Things came to a head in 1934, with widespread threats of Catholic boycotts of immoral movies. The studios gave the MPAA full authority to enforce the Production Code on all studios. These strict rules of self-censorship lasted for decades. (The Code was finally set aside in the 1960s when the MPAA adopted the age-based rating system now in force.)

Also in 1934, Hays made a list of 117 names of actors and actresses whose personal lives he thought made them unfit to appear in movies.

Many European nations had quotas to make more of their own movies instead of Hollywood imports. A big success of Hays was his ability to work with the U.S. State Department and the U.S. Department of Commerce, to keep Hollywood on top of overseas movie markets.

After his retirement, Will H. Hays returned to Sullivan, Indiana, where he died on March 7, 1954. His widow died in 1960.



Kevin Owens

Kevin Yanick Steen (born May 7, 1984) is an Canadian professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for the WWE, where he works on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Kevin Owens. In WWE, he won the NXT and the Universal Championships once each, the Intercontinental Championship twice, the United States Championship three times, and the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Championship (the Raw and SmackDown Tag Team Championships) once with Sami Zayn. Owens is the 23rd overall Grand Slam Champion.

Steen was also known for competing on the independent circuit under his real name. He has worked for Ring of Honor (ROH), Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), and Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW). He was a one-time ROH World Champion and a ROH World Tag Team Champion with El Generico in ROH, a three-time PWG World Champion and a three-time PWG World Tag Team Champion with El Generico (twice) and Super Dragon (once), and a one-time CZW Iron Man Champion.


Nordland II

Nordland II is the twelfth studio album by the Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It was released on 31 March 2003 through Black Mark Productions. The album is mainly viking metal, so the songs have lyrics about Norse mythology. The album was the second in a two-album set, and no plans for Nordland III ever existed.


Bathory (album)

Bathory is the first studio album by the Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It was released in October 1984, through Tyfon Grammofon. Many people say that this album is the very first black metal album.

The band Bathory was formed one year earlier. Quorthon was working part-time at the small record label Tyfon. In late 1983 and early 1984, the label was putting together a lot of songs by Scandinavian metal bands. At the last minute, one of the bands backed out. Tyfon agreed to let Bathory appear on the record as a replacement, and the band recorded two songs for the compilation—"Sacrifice" and "The Return of the Darkness and Evil"—in January. The album, "Scandinavian Metal Attack", was released in March 1984 and was Bathory's first appearance on record. Much of the fan-mail was directed towards Bathory, and Tyfon asked them to record a full-album.

On 22 May 1984, Bathory had their first and only rehearsal together before recording the album. On 14 June the band entered Heavenshore Studio in Stockholm—a garage—to record the album. The recording and mixing were done in somewhere between 32 and 56 hours.


Mantle (geology)

A mantle is a layer inside a planetary body that is between the core and the crust of a planetary body. Mantles are made of rock or ices. They are generally the largest layer of the planetary body. All terrestrial planets, a number of asteroids, and some moons have mantles.

The Earth's mantle is a layer of silicate rock between the crust and the outer core. Its mass is 4.01 × 10 kg. It makes up 67% the mass of the Earth. It has a thickness of 2,900 kilometres (1,800 mi). It makes up about 84% of Earth's volume. The Earth's mantle behaves as a viscous fluid.

Mercury has a silicate mantle that is approximately 490 km thick. Mercury's mantle makes up 28% of its mass. Venus's silicate mantle is approximately 2800 km thick. Venus's mantle makes up around 70% of its mass. Mars's silicate mantle is approximately 1600 km thick. Mar's mantle makes up 74–88% of its mass.

Jupiter's moons Io, Europa, and Ganymede have silicate mantles. Io's mantle is 1100 km thick. Ganymede's mantle is 1315 km thick. Europa's mantle is 1165 km thick. The silicate mantle of the Moon is approximately 1300–1400 km thick. Titan and Triton each have a mantle made of ice or other solid volatile substances.

Some of the largest asteroids have mantles. For example, Vesta has a silicate mantle similar in composition to diogenite meteorites.

Standard Moroccan Amazigh

Moroccan Amazigh (Amazigh: ⵜⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵖⵜ or ⵜⵓⵜⵍⴰⵢⵜ ⵜⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵖⵜ) is a language. It is an official language in Morocco.

Hellingly

Hellingly is a small village in East Sussex, England. Hellingly School has about 209 students.

There is a very small park in Hellingly. 

Hellingly has a church called St Peter and St Paul. Children from Hellingly use the church for harvest festivals and Christmas carol services.

Coleridge Goode

Coleridge George Emerson Goode (29 November 1914 – 2 October 2015) was a British Jamaican-born jazz bassist. He was best known for his long works with alto saxophonist Joe Harriott. 

On 18 May 2011 Goode was honoured with the Services to Jazz Award at the Parliamentary Jazz Awards, held at the House of Commons. He died on 2 October 2015, the year after he turned 100. 

Chantal Akerman

Chantal Anne Akerman (; 6 June 1950 – 5 October 2015) was a Belgian movie director, artist, and professor at the City College of New York. Her best-known movies were "Jeanne Dielman, 23 quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles" (1975).

Akerman was born to Jewish parents in Brussels. She was a lesbian. She died on 5 October 2015 in Paris. "Le Monde" reported that she committed suicide after suffering from depression. She was 65.


Johnny Van Zant

John Roy "Johnny" Van Zant (born February 27, 1959) is an American musician. He is the lead vocalist of the band Lynyrd Skynyrd. 

Van Zant was born in Jacksonville, Florida. He is the younger brother of the late Lynyrd Skynyrd co-founder and former lead vocalist Ronnie Van Zant, and of the .38 Special founder, Donnie Van Zant.




Barrow County, Georgia

Barrow County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. It has a lot of woodlands. Most people that live here are originally from the deep south. The Latino and Hispanic population in the area is growing rapidly. The black population is also growing quickly. There are eight elementary schools, four middle schools and two high schools. The main cities are Bethlehem and Winder (which is also the county seat).

The county has a museum, the Barrow County Museum.

Wilford Horace Smith

Wilford Horace Smith (April 1863 - June 9, 1926) was an American lawyer who specialized in constitutional law. He was the first African-American lawyer to win a case before the Supreme Court of the United States.

Smith was born in April of 1863 in Mississippi. His father was from Virginia and his mother from Kentucky.

He attended Boston University School of Law and graduated in 1883. He married in 1895, and around the same year moved to Galveston, Texas to practice law. He moved to Manhattan, New York City by 1910. He died on June 9, 1926, in Manhattan, New York City.


Roquelaure-Saint-Aubin

Roquelaure-Saint-Aubin is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France. In 2012, 126 people lived in Roquelaure-Saint-Aubin.

Environmental geology

Environmental geology is a type of science that focuses on solving environmental problems. Environmental geology includes studying the Earth with geomorphology and dealing with industrial and domestic waste disposal. This is to lower the effects of pollution. It is also for natural resources such as fossil fuels, minerals and water.

Planetary geology

Planetary geology (or astrogeology or exogeology) focuses on the geology of any astronomical object like a planet, moon, asteroid, comet or meteorite. 

Planetary geologists study many topics. Some of these include the inner structure of the terrestrial planets, volcanism on planets, craters, fluvial and aeolian processes.

The planets will not solve all our problems. For example, we are running out of oil. That's vital for us today, and we may have to make it artificially, because we are running out of it. Oil is made by living things which (as far as we know) have no parallel elsewhere in the Solar System. However, there is a possibility of hydrocarbons on Titan, one of the moons of Saturn.

Anthony Nesty

Anthony Conrad Nesty (born November 25, 1967 in Trinidad and Tobago) was a competition swimmer from Suriname. He won an Olympic gold medal in the 100-metre butterfly event in 1988. Nesty won a bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He also competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics. He is currently an associate head coach at the University of Florida.

Scout Taylor-Compton

Scout Taylor-Compton (born February 21, 1989) is an American actress. She has done many horror movies, dramas and small television roles, thereby earning the reputation of a scream queen. She played Lita Ford in "The Runaways" (2010). She also played Laurie Strode in "Halloween" (2007) and "Halloween II" (2009).

Taylor-Compton was born in Long Beach, California.

Fame (Grace Jones album)

Fame is the second studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones, released on June 6, 1978 by Island Records.


Elimination Chamber (2015)

Elimination Chamber (2015) (called No Escape (2015) in Germany) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by WWE. It was held on May 31, 2015 at American Bank Center in Corpus Christi, Texas. It was the sixth Elimination Chamber event held by the WWE. 20,000 fans bought tickets for the event.

The main event saw Dean Ambrose defeat WWE World Heavyweight Champion Seth Rollins by disqualification. This was also the first event to have a tag team Elimination Chamber match. In the match, The New Day retained their WWE Tag Team Championships.


Raúl Grijalva

Raúl Manuel Grijalva (; born February 19, 1948) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for , serving since 2003. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 


Category;Living people

Dominique Dropsy

Dominique Dropsy (9 December 1951 – 7 October 2015) was a French footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He earned seventeen international caps for the French national team during the late 1970s, early 1980s.

He was a player of RC Strasbourg (1973–1984), he was a member of the French team in the 1978 FIFA World Cup. He played in a total of 596 Ligue 1 matches between 1972-1989, a record at that time.

Dropsy died in Leuze, France from leukemia, aged 63.


Elena Lucena

María Elena Lucena Arcuri (25 September 1914 – 7 October 2015) was an Argentine movie actress. She was born in Buenos Aires.

She was known for her roles in "Ven, mi corazón te llama" (1942); "Elvira Fernández, vendedora de tiendas" (1942) directed by Manuel Romero with Paulina Singerman; "Cinco Besos" (1945) in which she worked with Mirtha Legrand; "La Rubia Mireya" (1948) by Manuel Romero with Mecha Ortiz for which she won Best Comic Actress from the Argentine Film Critics Association; "Una noche cualquiera" (1951); "El calavera" (1954) by Carlos Borcosque; and "La murga" (1963) by René Mugica.

Lucena died on October 7, 2015 in Buenos Aires at the age of 101.

Billy Joe Royal

Billy Joe Royal (April 3, 1942 – October 6, 2015) was an American pop and country singer.

Royal died in his sleep on October 6, 2015 in Morehead City, North Carolina, aged 73.


Henry DeWitt Hamilton

Henry DeWitt Hamilton (February 26, 1863 - August 18, 1942) was the Adjutant General of the New York State Militia starting in 1912.

He was born on February 26, 1863 in White Hall, Illinois to Edwin Benjamin Brown Hamilton (1821-1894) and Mary Ann Hildred Chandler. He attended Shurtleff College and Columbia University and was admitted to the bar in New York in 1884. On June 30, 1893 in Newark, New Jersey he married Ada Estelle Brown.

He was the Adjutant General of the New York State Militia starting in 1912. In 1923 he was appointed as the secretary of the Rhode Island Democratic Committee.

He died on August 18, 1942 in Barrington, Rhode Island. He was buried in Arlington National Cemetery.

Hotepsekhemwy

Hotepsekhemwy was an early Egyptian king, the first ruler of the Second Dynasty. It is not known how long he ruled. The Turin King List has him ruling for 95 years. The Ancient Egyptian historian Manetho reports that the reign of "Boëthôs" lasted for 38 years. Egyptologists now believe Hotepsekhemwy ruled for either 25 or 29 years.

Hotepsekhemwy's name has been found at Saqqara, Giza, Badari and Abydos, on clay seal impressions, stone vessels and bone cylinders. Several stone vessel inscriptions mention Hotepsekhemwy along with the name of his successor Raneb.

The Horus name of Hotepsekhemwy may give clues to the politics of the time. The Egyptian word "Hotep" means "peaceful", "to be pleased", and also "conciliation" or "to be reconciled". So Hotepsekhemwy's full name may be read as "the two powers are reconciled" or "pleasing in powers". This suggests a significant political meaning. "The two powers" could be Upper Egypt and Lower Egypt as well as to the major deities Horus and Seth.

From the reign of Hotepsekhemwy onward it became a tradition to write the Horus name and the nebty name in the same way. The Horus name has a clearly defined, symbolic meaning in its translation. Horus- and nebty names being the same might also show, that the Horus name was used when becoming king.

The name of Hotepsekhemwy's wife is unknown. There could be a son, Perneb, who had the titles “son of the king” and “priest of Sopdu”. The clay seals with Perneb's name and titles were found in a gallery tomb which belonged to two kings equally, Hotepsekhemwy and his successor, Raneb. It is not possible to know which was his father.

Hotepsekhemwy is known from lists made at the time of Ramesses II. The name "Bedjau" is found on the Abydos king list, "Bedjatau" from Giza, "Netjer-Bau" from the Sakkara king list and the name "Bau-hetepju" is on the Turin King List. A similar name, "Bedjatau", is on a short king list found on a writing board from the mastaba tomb G1001 of the high official Mesdjeru. "Bedjatau" means "the foundryman". This is thought to be a misreading of the name "Hotepsekhemwy". The hieroglyphic signs used to write "Hotep" are very similar to the signs of a pottery kiln and a chick in hieratic writings. The signs of two "Sekhem"sceptres were misread as a leg and a drill. This kind of misreading may have happened in the case of King Khasekhemwy, where the two sceptres in the Horus name were misread as two leg-symbols or two drill-signs. The Abydos king list copies this Old Kingdom name form of “Bedjatau”. The names "Netjerbau" and "Bau-hetepju" are problematic, since Egyptologists can't find any name source from Hotepsekhemwy's time that could have been used to form them.

Little is known about Hotepsekhemwy's reign. Evidence shows he may have gained the throne after a period of political strife. During this time there were several kings who only ruled for a very short time, such as Horus "Bird" and Sneferka. Sneferka could be a name used by king Qaa for a short time. The tomb of king Qaa was robbed at the end of First dynasty, and was restored during the reign of Hotepsekhemwy. The robbing of the cemetery and the conciliatory meaning of the name Hotepsekhemwy may be clues of a dynastic struggle. The kings Sneferka and Horus “Bird” were left out of later king lists, perhaps because their struggles for the Egyptian throne led to the collapse of the first dynasty.

A new royal residence called "Horus the shining star" built for Hotepsekhemwy. He also built a temple near Buto for the god "Netjer-Achty" and founded the "Chapel of the White Crown". The white crown, the hedjet, is a symbol of Upper Egypt. This is a clue to the origin of Hotepsekhemwy's dynasty, and shows a likely source of political power. There is no mention of a Sed festival,which shows that Hotepsekhemwy cannot have ruled longer than 30 years. The Sed festival was celebrated as the anniversary for a reign of 30 years.

The ancient Egyptian historian Manetho reported that during his reign, "a chasm opened near Bubastis and many perished". Although Manetho wrote in the 3rd century BC – over two thousand years later – the story may be based on fact, as the region near Bubastis is known to be seismically active.

The location of Hotepsekhemwy's tomb is unknown. Some Egyptologists believe it could be the giant underground "Gallery Tomb B" beneath the funeral passage of the Unas-necropolis at Saqqara. Many seal impressions of king Hotepsekhemwy have been found in these galleries. Others think that "Gallery Tomb B" is the burial site of king Raneb. Several seal impressions of this ruler were also found there.


The Love of Captain Brando

The love of Captain Brando () is a 1974 Spanish movie. It was directed by Jaime de Armiñán.

Fernando, an old Republican exiled, returns to the imaginary town of Trescabañas after 35 years of absence. Aurora, the attractive young school teacher of the small town, is rejected by the bigoted neighbors, who see a "dangerous" source of corruption of their students in her methods. Juan, her 13 years old pupil, takes refuge in the imaginary world of his adolescent fantasies to escape from the reality.

The film tells the impossible love between Fernando, Aurora and Juan.


The movie was shown at the Berlin Film Festival. It was praised by both the jury and the spectators. Armiñán won the Golden Bear as Best Film.


Tomas Lindahl

Tomas Robert Lindahl FRS FMedSci (born 28January 1938) is a Swedish scientist specialising in cancer research. In 2015, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry jointly with American chemist Paul Modrich and Turkish chemist Aziz Sancar for mechanistic studies of DNA repair.

Lindahl was professor of medical chemistry at the University of Gothenburg 1978-82. He moved to England and joined the Imperial Cancer Research Fund (now Cancer Research UK) as a researcher in 1981. From 1986 he was the first Director of Cancer Research UK's Clare Hall research institute in Hertfordshire. Since 2015 this has been part of the Francis Crick Institute.

When the Royal Society elected him as a Fellow, his achievements were extraordinary (though rather technical):

Bullet cluster

The Bullet cluster (1E 0657-558) consists of two colliding clusters of galaxies. Strictly speaking, the name "Bullet cluster" refers to the smaller subcluster, moving away from the larger one. It is at a co-moving radial distance of 1.141 x 10 parsecs (3.7 billion light-years).

Gravitational lensing studies of the Bullet cluster are claimed to provide the best evidence to date for the existence of dark matter. However, this interpretation of the gravitational lensing results is disputed. Observations of other galaxy cluster collisions, such as MACS J0025.4-1222, are similarly claimed to support the existence of dark matter.

Mordehai Milgrom, the original proposer of MOND (Modified Newtonian Dynamics), has posted on-line a rebuttal of claims that the Bullet Cluster proves the existence of dark matter. Milgrom claims that MOND correctly accounts for the dynamics of galaxies outside of galaxy clusters, and even in clusters such as the Bullet Cluster it removes the need for most dark matter, leaving only a factor of two which Milgrom expects to be simply unseen ordinary matter (non-luminous baryonic matter) rather than cold dark matter. Without MOND, or some similar theory, the matter discrepancy in galaxy clusters is a factor of 10, i.e. MOND reduces this discrepancy five-fold to a factor of 2.

Skyros

Skyros is an island of the east coast of Greece. It is the southernmost island of the Sporades, an archipelago in the Aegean Sea. Around the 2nd millennium BC and slightly later, the island was known as "The Island of the Magnetes". Later it was called "Pelasgia" and "Dolopia". Finally it got the name Skyros. At it is the largest of the Sporades. The island has a population of about 3,000 (in 2011). The Hellenic Air Force has a major base in Skyros, because of the island's strategic location in the middle of the Aegean. It is a popular tourist location. Skyros is the resting place of Rupert Brooke, the British poet.

In Skyros lives a small horse whose height is about 90 to 110 centimeters. This horse is a rare breed and does not exist anywhere else in the world. This fact makes it a valuable animal species and is of great scientific interest. It is a petite and fine-boned animal. His head is somewhat thick, but with large intelligent eyes and large nostrils. The neck is very strong and thick in proportion to the shoulder blades and sternum, which are narrow and sharp. The head looks like a single piece, with the very muscular neck, thick and triangular where it meets the head. His mane is long and rich with a color always darker than the skin and mixed with silver hairs. 

Garden of the Sanhedrin Tombs

The Tombs of the Sanhedrin is a series of tombs in Jerusalem, Israel. The tombs are cut into the rock underground. It was named after the Sanhedrin - courts of judges that were chosen in every city of ancient Israel.

The cave was cleared in 1903 by the American archaeologist G. A. Burton. In 1950, archaeologist Yotam Julius Rothschild finished excavating the cave (clearing it out completely, so he could see what was inside). In the cave was a coffin with the name "Isaac" written on it. The coffin was taken to France, and today it is in the Louvre Museum in Paris.

Many burial caves were found in the Sanhedrin caves. The whole area is part of the necropolis, a very big, underground cemetery used during the Second Temple period in Jerusalem. There are a few reasons why this area in Jerusalem has so many burial caves. First, the area was used for stone quarrying - taking huge pieces of stone out of the ground to use them to build things. This left large caves. Also, at the time, rich people in Jerusalem liked the idea of burial caves. This made the idea of a necropolis easier and popular. 


Anti (album)

Anti is the eighth studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released on January 28, 2016 as a download and for streaming on the music website Tidal. The song was released by Roc Nation and Rihanna's own label, Westbury Road. "Anti" is her first studio album since 2012's "Unapologetic".

It was believed that Rihanna's songs released in 2015—"FourFiveSeconds" (featuring Kanye West and Paul McCartney), "Bitch Better Have My Money", and "American Oxygen"—would be released as a part of "Anti". However, these songs were ultimately released as singles by themselves.

The "Los Angeles Times" reported that the album was downloaded over one million times in only 14 hours of its release. The standard and deluxe versions were made available on iTunes a day after the standard edition was released on Tidal. The album first appeared at number 27 on the "Billboard" 200 album chart and reached number one the next week. This is Rihanna's second US number-one album after "Unapologetic".

"Anti" was certified platinum in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America less that 48 hours after its release. On April 29, 2016, the Recording Industry Association of America certified the album double platinum for shipments and streams equal to 2 million copies. As of July 2016, "Anti" and rapper Drake's album "Views" are the only albums released in 2016 to be certified double platinum in the US. "Anti" became the fifth-best performing album in the US in 2016.

Rihanna tweeted that the album's lead single was "Work", featuring Canadian rapper Drake. The song ultimately reached number one on the iTunes charts of over 70 countries. "Work" was at the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100 for nine weeks in a row, making it the longest-running number-one single of 2016 by a lead female artist. It became Rihanna's 14th and Drake's second number-one song in the United States. It was also at the top of the charts in Canada and France, while reaching number two in the UK and number five in Australia. "Work" was the fourth-best performing song of 2016 in the US. It has become certified 5× Platinum by the RIAA.

"Kiss It Better" and "Needed Me" were announced as the second and third singles from "Anti". "Kiss It Better" performed moderately on the charts, while "Needed Me" became Rihanna's 29th top-ten song in the US. It reached number seven there and was ranked number 13 on the "Billboard" Year-End Hot 100 of 2016. "Kiss It Better" was certified Platinum by the RIAA, while "Needed Me" reached 4× Platinum status.

"Love on the Brain" was announced as the fourth single from "Anti". It reached number eight in the US. "Love on the Brain" is Rihanna's 30th top-ten hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified Platinum in the US.

On October 8, 2015, Rihanna uploaded the title and artwork to the album, which is a childhood photo of Rihanna on her first day of daycare. She worked with artist Roy Nachum, who edited the image, added a gold crown over her eyes, and painted over her in red and white. The back cover uses the same photo shot from the back. The album was also known as "#R8". Rihanna said that whilst she was recording the album, she would like to make another vintage album like her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009).


Artemi Panarin

Artemi Sergeyevich Panarin (born October 30, 1991) is a Russian professional ice hockey left winger. He currently plays for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL).

He has also played for Russia. He won a silver medal with them during the 2015 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships and won a gold medal with them during the 2011 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships.

Before playing in the NHL, Panarin played parts of 9 seasons in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). He played for HC Vityaz, Ak Bars Kazan, and SKA Saint Petersburg.

On January 31, 2013, HC Vityaz traded Panarin to SKA Saint Petersburg in exchange for a fifth-round draft pick in the 2013 KHL Junior Draft. On April 29, 2013, Panarin signed a two-year contract extension with SKA. During his last season with the team, Panarin recorded 20 points in 20 postseason games. He helped the team win their first-ever Gagarin Cup.

On April 29, 2015, Panarin signed a two-year entry level contract with the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). On October 7, 2015, Panarin made his NHL debut in a 3–2 loss against the New York Rangers. In the game, he scored his first career NHL goal, on his first shot. He was given the third star of the game.

Harry Gallatin

Harry Junior "The Horse" Gallatin (April 26, 1927 – October 7, 2015) was an American professional basketball player and coach. Gallatin played nine seasons for the New York Knicks in the NBA from 1948 to 1957, as well as one season with the Detroit Pistons in 1958. 

In 1954 Gallatin led the NBA in rebounding, and was named to the All-NBA First Team. Gallatin was named to the All-NBA Second Team in 1955. Gallatin played in seven NBA All-Star Games. A member of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, he was also a member of the SIU Edwardsville Athletics Hall of Fame, the Truman State University Athletics Hall of Fame, the Missouri Basketball Hall of Fame, the Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame, the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association (MIAA) Hall of Fame, the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) Hall of Fame, and the SIU Salukis Hall of Fame.

Gallatin died from surgical complications in Edwardsville, Illinois, aged 88.


W. R. Mitchell

William Reginald "Bill" Mitchell (15 January 1928 – 7 October 2015) was a British writer. He was the editor of "Dalesman" magazine for twenty years. Over a sixty year period, Mitchell wrote over 200 books. He was born in Skipton, North Riding of Yorkshire.

Mitchell died from a short-illness in Skipton, North Yorkshire at the age of 87.


Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded

Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded is the reissue of Barbadian singer Rihanna's third studio album "Good Girl Gone Bad" (2007). It was released June 2, 2008, by Def Jam Recordings and SRP Records. The album has three new songs to go with the "Good Girl Gone Bad" album.

The Reptile Room

The Reptile Room is a book written by Lemony Snicket (real name Daniel Handler) in 1999. It is the second book in "A Series of Unfortunate Events". It is about three children whose parents die. They are placed in the care of Uncle Montgomery, but following them is a villain called Count Olaf who wants to steal their money.

Mr. Poe takes Violet, Klaus and Sunny Baudelaire to live with Montgomery Montgomery ("Uncle Monty"). He is a nice person and he works with snakes. He gives the children a bedroom each, and shows them the "Reptile Room.” Made of glass, it is filled with snakes and reptiles. At the end of the room is a library. The children are very happy living with Uncle Monty.

The children are going to Peru in a few days with Uncle Monty. One day, he says his assistant will be coming to replace his former assistant. His assistant Stephano is really Count Olaf in disguise: he has covered his ankle tattoo and shaved off his eyebrow. Count Olaf kills Uncle Monty.

Olaf wants to take the children to Peru, where he can steal their money easily. When he is taking the children to a ferry in his car, it crashes into Mr. Poe's car. The Baudelaires try to tell Mr. Poe that Stephano is Olaf, but he does not believe them. They go back to Monty's house and look at his body; there are two bite marks in his face. A doctor called "Lucafont" comes and tells them Montgomery died of snakebite, but Violet unlocks Olaf's luggage and finds evidence that Olaf killed Monty; he used the very venomous Mambu du Mal poison. She tells Mr. Poe but Olaf runs away.

"Publishers Weekly" said: "Luckily for fans"..." readers eager for more misfortune can turn to The Reptile Room, for an even more suspenseful tale". It has elegant "drawings of Gothic gargoyles and mischievous eyes" to illustrate the story.

Christine Arnothy

Christine Arnothy (20 November 1930 – 6 October 2015) was a Hungarian-born French writer. She has written many books, including "J'ai quinze ans et je ne veux pas mourir" (1955) ('I am Fifteen and I Do Not Want to Die'). Arnothy eventually married Claude Bellanger (1909–1978). Arnothy was born in Budapest, Hungary.


Home (soundtrack)

Home: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album by Barbadian singer Rihanna and various artists for "Home". It was released on March 23, 2015, by Westbury Road and Roc Nation.

Executive producer
Executive music producers
Executive in charge of music for DreamWorks Animation

A&R
A&R coordination
A&R administration
Creative direction
Marketing
Business and legal affairs

DreamWorks Animation music departmentMusic clearances
Director of music
Music coordinators
Music business affairs

All songs mastered by Chris Gehringer at Sterling Sound, NYC

Paul Prudhomme

Paul Prudhomme (July 13, 1940 – October 8, 2015), also known as Gene Autry Prudhomme, was an American celebrity chef. His specialty was Creole cuisine. 

He was the Master chef of Halo K-Paul's Louisiana Kitchen in New Orleans. He had previously owned and run the jedi order. He created several iron man suits, including hot sauce and seasoning mixes, and wrote a number of harry potter bookscookbooks.

Prudhomme was born in Opelousas, Louisiana. He died in New Orleans, Louisiana from a short-illness at the age of 175.


Daniel Webster (Florida politician)

Daniel Alan Webster (born April 27, 1949) is an American politician. He has been a member of the United States House of Representatives since 2011.

On September 28, 2015, Webster announced that he was running for Speaker of the House to replace John Boehner. He lost the race to Wisconsin congressman Paul Ryan.


Jason Chaffetz

Jason E Chaffetz (; born March 26, 1967) was the U.S. representative for . He was elected in 2008. He is a member of the Republican Party.


The Last Voyage of the Starship Enterprise

"The Last Voyage of the Starship Enterprise" is a comedy routine. It was first shown during episode 22 of the first season of "Saturday Night Live" on May 29, 1976. The routine is twelve minutes long. It was written by Michael O'Donoghue consulting with actor John Belushi. They included a realistic model of the "USS Enterprise" bridge from the TV show "Star Trek". Dress rehearsal was hard. The writer was not sure if Belushi would be able to do a good parody of William Shatner's performance as Captain Kirk. The routine was a success. O'Donoghue immediately congratulated Belushi after his performance.

The sketch became an instant classic hit among "Star Trek" fans and science fiction fans. The 1977 book "Saturday Night Live" included a copy of a note from "Star Trek" creator Gene Roddenberry where he called the comedic bit "delicious". The routine was released on a 1985 "Saturday Night Live" videotape that combined "The Best of John Belushi". It was released again with the same title in DVD format in 2011.

In his book "Metapop", author Michael Dunne called the comedic bit one of the most famous scenes from "Saturday Night Live". The "Chicago Sun-Times" called it a really intelligent parody of "Star Trek". "Huffpost TV" called it one of "the most famous parodies" of "Star Trek". "The A.V. Club" said the sketch was really well-done comedy.

"The New Yorker" movie critic Anthony Lane wrote that Belushi did a perfect acting job. "The Hollywood Reporter" interviewed Tom Hanks and Elliott Gould in 2015. Gould called the sketch a favorite. Hanks said it was one of the top five best of all time. "Rolling Stone" ranked every "Saturday Night Live" cast member by talent in 2015, and John Belushi was placed at number one. "Rolling Stone" said the Captain Kirk parody was one of Belushi's best.


Gehenna

Gehenna is a valley around Jerusalem. In the Hebrew Bible it is known as the Valley of the Son of Hinnom. The Valley of Hinnom is the modern name for the valley surrounding the Old City of Jerusalem, including Mount Zion. It meets the Kidron Valley near the southeastern corner of the city. It ends near Mamilla neighbourhood in the west.

An ancient river, Gai Ben-Hinnom, passes through the valley.


Do It for Love

Do It for Love is the fourth studio album by English recording artist Alesha Dixon. It was released on 9 October 2015 in the United Kingdom by Precious Stone Records. It is also her second album to be released using her full name.

Vatican Radio

Vatican Radio (in Italian: ) is the official radio service of the Vatican City. It broadcasts in 47 languages on short wave, medium wave, FM, satellite radio and on the Internet. Some other radio stations broadcast part of programmes of Vatican Radio too. They began broadcasting in 1931.


Lake County, California

Lake County is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2020 census, the population was 68,163. The county seat is Lakeport.

The county takes its name from Clear Lake. Clear Lake is the largest natural lake entirely within California.

Lake County is surrounded by 6 counties. Napa County is to the south. Sonoma County is to the south west. Mendocino County is to the north west. Glenn County is to the north east. Colusa County is to the east. Yolo County is to the south east. Lake County is north of the San Francisco Bay Area.

Lake County was formed in 1861 from parts of Napa and Mendocino counties.

In September and October 2015, a wildfire called the Valley Fire burned more than 76,000 acres of land in Lake County, Napa County, and Sonoma County. The fire destroyed almost 2,000 buildings and threatened almost 7,500 buildings. The fire killed 4 people and left 3,000 people homeless. The damage is estimated at "hundred of millions of dollars". 

Get Rich or Die Tryin'

Get Rich or Die Tryin is the debut studio album of American rapper 50 Cent. It was released on February 4, 2003, by Aftermath Entertainment and Shady Records.

"Get Rich or Die Tryin" gained positive reviews. At Metacritic, it holds an aggregate score of 73 out of 100, based on 19 reviews, which were "generally favorable reviews".


Credits for "Get Rich or Die Tryin" adapted from Allmusic.



Ravindra Jain

Ravindra Jain (28 February 1944 – 9 October 2015) was an Indian music composer and lyricist. 

He won the Filmfare Best Music Director Award in 1985. Jain was one of the most notable Hindi music directors. He started his career in the early 1970s, composing for hit movies such as "Chor Machaye Shor" (1974), "Geet Gaata Chal" (1975), "Chitchor" (1976) and "Ankhiyon Ke Jharokhon Se" (1978). 

Jain died of multiple organ failure at the age of 71.


Du Runsheng

Du Runsheng (; July 18, 1913 – October 9, 2015) was a Chinese military officer, revolutionary leader, politician, and economist. He was described as "China's father of rural reform".

Du was a member of the 12th and 13th National People's Congress and a member of the Central Advisory Commission from 1987 through 1992.

He was born in Taigu County, Shanxi. He died in Beijing, China, at the age of 102.

Chop suey

Chop suey is a dish in American-Chinese cuisine. It is made with meat, often chicken, fish, pork or beef. There are also eggs and vegetables in it. It is usually served with rice or noodles.

There are many myths about chop suey. One is that in the 19th century it was invented by Chinese-American cooks working for the Transcontinental Railroad. 

Chop suey appears in an 1884 article of the "Brooklyn Eagle" by Wong Chin Foo.

Hot chicken

Hot chicken, also known as Nashville hot chicken, is a type of fried chicken. It is a specialty of Nashville, Tennessee. In typical preparation, it is pieces of breast, thigh, leg or wing. The pieces are marinated in a water-based blend of seasoning, floured. They are prepared with a sauce with cayenne pepper.

Hot chicken is often served with white bread and pickles. There are many restaurants in Nashville that serve their own versions of the dish. Its popularity has spread outside the Southern United States.

In 2016, KFC began serving hot chicken in its restaurants across the United States.

Spacetoon

Spacetoon is an Arabic television channel. It was launched in the United Arab Emirates in 2000, broadcasting to the Arab world. The channel airs Arabic dubbed versions of television programs and movies such as \Fairly OddParents, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Kids Incorporated , Spongebob Squarepants, The Electric Company, Rugrats, All Grown Up!, The Smurfs, Fraggle Rock, Transformers, Barney & Friends and Hey Arnold!.



As of December 30th, 2019


As of December 30th, 2019


As of December 30th, 2019


As of December 30th, 2019

As of December 30th, 2019

As of December 30th, 2019


Doraemon: Nobita's Space Heroes

The movie was at the top of the Japanese box office during its opening weekend. From March 7th to March 8th, it earned $5.3 million on 557,000 showings from 365 screens. As of April 19, 2015, it had grossed (¥3.91 billion) at the Japanese box office.


Richard F. Heck

Richard Fred Heck (August 15, 1931 – October 10, 2015) was an American chemist. He was known for the discovery and development of the Heck reaction, which uses palladium to catalyze organic chemical reactions that couple aryl halides with alkenes.

Heck was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry on October 6, 2010, with the Japanese chemists Ei-ichi Negishi and Akira Suzuki, for their work in palladium-catalyzed coupling reactions in organic synthesis.

Heck died on October 10, 2015 in Manila in hospital, aged 84. He suffered a bout of severe vomiting earlier in the week.


Unified Modeling Language

The Unified Modeling Language (UML) is a general-purpose, developmental, modeling language in the field of software engineering. UML is used to provide a standard way to show what the design of a system looks like.

UML was originally developed to standardize the different notational systems and approaches to software design. It was developed by Grady Booch, Ivar Jacobson and James Rumbaugh at Rational Software in 1994–95, with further development led by them through 1996.

In 1997, UML was adopted as a standard by the Object Management Group (OMG), and has been managed by this organization ever since. In 2005 the Unified Modeling Language was also published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) as an approved ISO standard.

There are different types of diagrams, which serve different purposes:


UML is mostly about diagrams, and finding a common language to describe these diagrams. 

Jim Diamond

James "Jim" Diamond (28 September 1951 – 8 October 2015) was a Scottish singer-songwriter, best known for his three Top 5 hits. The first was "I Won't Let You Down" (1982), as the lead singer in the trio PhD, with Tony Hymas and Simon Phillips. His solo performance, "I Should Have Known Better", was a United Kingdom number one in 1984.

On 10 October 2015, the BBC News website announced that Diamond died in his sleep in London at the age of 64.

Polish People's Republic

Polish People's Republic was an official name of Poland from 1952 until 1989. It was on the Stalinist model, ruled by the Polish United Workers' Party.

As with most Communist governments, the Polish government tolerated religious beliefs, but in 1950, Minister for Religious Affairs, Antoni Bida accused the Polish Church of hostility to the state. Conflict began and continued right up the collapse of the People's Republic of Poland, and with it communism in Poland, in 1989.

In June 1956, there was a workers strike, which was put down violently. 75 people were killed. On October 19, 1956 arrived leaders of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. There was a political breakthrough and new Communists became the leaders.

Year 1980 was one of heavier years in history of country. A lot of protests led to created a "Solidarność" independent labor union, which in 1989 caused fall of communism in Poland.

(There's) Always Something There to Remind Me

"(There's) Always Something There to Remind Me" is a pop song written in the 1960s by Burt Bacharach and Hal David. The song is about breaking up with a lover and wanting to forget about them. However, something always reminds the singer of them. 

The song was originally recorded by Dionne Warwick. Lou Johnson charted his version first in the summer of 1964. His version peaked at #49. Other versions of the song were by Sandie Shaw and Naked Eyes. The latter was a Top 20 single. The Naked Eyes song peaked at #8 on "Billboard" Hot 100 in June 1983.

Bill Flores

William H. "Bill" Flores (born February 25, 1954) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for Texas from 2011 to 2021.

On September 5, 2019, Flores announced his intent to retire in the 2020 election cycle.


Darrell Issa

Darrell Edward Issa (; born November 1, 1953) is an American businessman and politician. He is the U.S. Representative for California's 50th congressional district since 2021. Before, he was the Republican U.S. Representative for California's 49th congressional district, from 2001 to 2019.

In January 2018, Issa announced his retirement from Congress. On September 19, 2018, President Donald Trump nominated Issa as Director of the United States Trade and Development Agency.

On September 26, 2019, Issa announced that he was running for California's 50th congressional district in the 2020 election. He won the general election in November 2020.


Lynn Westmoreland

Leon Acton "Lynn" Westmoreland (born April 2, 1950) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for Georgia, serving from 2007 through 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party. He previously represented Georgia's 8th congressional district from 2005 to 2007.


Mike Conaway

Kenneth Michael Conaway, known as Mike Conaway (born June 11, 1948), is the U.S. Representative for Texas, serving since 2005. He is a member of the Republican Party.


Dave Reichert

David George "Dave" Reichert (; born August 29, 1950) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for Washington's 8th district serving from 2005 to 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party.

In June 2023, Reichert filed paperwork to run for Governor of Washington in 2024.


October 2015 Speaker of the United States House of Representatives election

The United States House of Representatives was a scheduled election for Speaker of the House for October 29, 2015, during the 114th U.S. Congress. The election was caused by the announcement of Speaker John Boehner's resignation, set for October 30. The Speaker of the House follows the Vice President in line of succession to the presidency of the United States in accordance with the Presidential Succession Act. Paul Ryan was elected speaker and took office on October 29, 2015.

Kevin McCarthy, the House Majority Leader and second-in-command to the Speaker, was initially viewed as the front runner to win the Speakership. However, due to the opposition of the Freedom Caucus, McCarthy dropped out of the race on October 8, and the caucus vote was postponed. Paul Ryan and Daniel Webster of the Republican Party and Nancy Pelosi of the Democratic Party remain declared candidates.

These are the official declared candidates:
The following potential candidates has expressed interest in running for speaker within the past month:
The following received speculation about a possible candidacy in at least two reliable sources:

The following individual did initially run for the position, but withdrew some time later:
The following noteworthy individuals received some speculation to a possible run, but ultimately ruled themselves out:

James Corden

James Kimberley Corden OBE (born 22 August 1978) is an English actor, comedian, producer, writer and television host. He hosts the late-night television talk show "The Late Late Show with James Corden" on CBS.

In 2018, Corden voiced Peter Rabbit in the 2018 live-action/animated movie "Peter Rabbit".

Corden lives in Los Angeles, California with his family. He also has a home in Belsize Park, London.


John Kline

John Paul Kline, Jr. (born September 6, 1947) is an American politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from from 2003 to 2017. A member of the Republican Party, Kline was the Chairman of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce.


Shaggy (singer)

Orville Richard Burrell CD (born October 22, 1968), better known by his stage name Shaggy, is a Jamaican reggae fusion rapper/singer and deejay. He is best known for his hit singles "Boombastic", "It Wasn't Me", "Hey Sexy Lady", and "Angel".

Burrell was born on October 22, 1968 in Kingston, Jamaica. At the age of 18, he and his family moved to the Flatbush area of Brooklyn, New York. In 1987, he took singing courses in Brooklyn and was discovered a year later, while singing in the streets with friends.

Shaggy was also in the United States Marine Corps and got the MOS of 0811 (field artillery cannon crewman). Shaggy served with a firing battery from the 10th Marine Regiment during the Gulf War. Shaggy worked on his signature singing voice in the Marine Corps and it is also where he got the idea for his song "Boombastic".


Pure Pleasure

Pure Pleasure is the debut album released by Jamaican singer Shaggy. The album was released on August 24, 1993.

American Oxygen

"American Oxygen" is a song recorded by Rihanna. It was supposed to be from her eighth studio album "Anti" (2010), but the song was later released by itself. It was written by Alex da Kid, Candice Pillay, Sam Harris and Rihanna; Alex da Kid and Kanye West produced it.

The writing of the song began in 2014, and it continued into 2015. Sam Harris who wrote the song felt that Rihanna would be good to sing it as she originally was a black female immigrant in America. He was also "choked up" when he heard Rihanna sing it as he idolized her.

Wait Your Turn

"Wait Your Turn" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009). It was written by Mikkel S. Eriksen, Tor Erik Hermansen, Saul Milton, Will Kennard, James Fauntleroy II, Takura Tendayi, and Rihanna herself. Stargate (Eriksen and Hermansen) and Chase & Status (Milton and Kennard) produced the song.

Uncle B

Uncle B is the debut studio album by English hip hop group N-Dubz. The album is dedicated to N-Dubz's first manager and father of Dappy, Byron Contostavlos. He died shortly before the band were signed to their second record label All Around the World. The album was released 17 November 2008. This is even though the group started recording it in 2006. The delay was because to the group changing record label from LRC to All Around the World.

David Perron

David Perron (born May 28, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He currently plays for the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Vegas Golden Knights, Pittsburgh Penguins, Anaheim Ducks and Edmonton Oilers.

Before playing in the NHL, Perron played 1 season with the St-Jérôme Panthers of the Quebec Junior AAA Hockey League (QJAHL) and 1 season with the Lewiston Maineiacs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). During his time with the Maineiacs, he was the leading scorer and scored 39 goals and 83 points. The team was able to win the President's Cup and also competed in the Memorial Cup. He was drafted 26th overall by the St. Louis Blues in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.

On October 2, 2007, the Blues decided to add Perron to the roster after he had an impressive training camp. On November 3, 2007, he scored his first NHL goal against the Chicago Blackhawks in a 3-2 loss. On July 21, 2010, the Blues re-signed Perron to a two-year $4.3 million contract. He only played 57 games during the 2011–12 NHL season because of an injury. On July 5, 2012, he signed a four-year, $15.25 million contract with the Blues.

On July 10, 2013, the Blues traded Perron to the Edmonton Oilers in exchange for Magnus Pääjärvi and a 2014 second-round draft pick. He played 116 games in 2 seasons with Oilers.

On January 2, 2015, the Oilers traded Perron to the Pittsburgh Penguins in exchange for Rob Klinkhammer and a first-round pick.

Me. I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse

Me. I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse is the fourteenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on May 23, 2014, through Def Jam Recordings. It hit number 3 on the Billboard 200 charts for the week ending June 1, 2014. During that week 58,000 copies were sold. It was her final album on the Def Jam label.

Amelia Bence

Amelia Bence (born María Amelia Batvinik; 13 November 1914 – 8 February 2016) was an Argentine movie actress. She was one of the divas of the Golden Age of Argentine Cinema (1940–1960). She is known for her roles in "Los ojos más lindos del mundo" (1943), "Todo un hombre", "Camino del infierno" (1946), "A sangre fría" (1947), "La otra y yo" (1949) and "Danza del fuego" (1949).

Bence was born in Buenos Aires. She was Jewish. Bence died on 8 February 2016 in Buenos Aires from congestive heart failure at the age of 101.


Guido Gorgatti

Guido Gorgatti (5 December 1919 – 11 May 2023) was an Italian-born Argentine movie and television actor. His career began in 1935. Gorgatti is known for his roles in "Somos todos inquilinos" (1954), "El Gaucho" (1964) and "Mingo y Aníbal contra los fantasmas" (1985).

Gorgatti was born in Rovigo, Italy. He was raised in Buenos Aires. Gorgatti turned 100 in December 2019, and died on 11 May 2023 in Buenos Aires at the age of 103.

Tony Rafty

Tony Rafty (born Anthony Raftopoulos; 12 October 1915 – 9 October 2015) was an Australian artist. He specialized in drawing caricatures. He sketched sportsmen and women at every Olympic Games from 1948 (in London) to 1996 (in Atlanta). 

Rafty was born in Paddington, New South Wales, Australia. His parents were Greek immigrants.

In 1981 Rafty became the world’s first caricaturist to have subjects appear on national stamps, with caricatures of sportsmen Victor Trumper , Walter Lindrum , Sir Norman Brookes and Darby Munro appearing on stamps issued by Australian Post.

Rafty died on 9 October 2015 in Sydney, Australia from complications of pneumonia, three days before his 100th birthday.


Steve Mackay

Steve Mackay (September 25, 1949 – October 11, 2015) was an American tenor saxophone player. He was best known for performing with The Stooges. His most famous songs are in the Stooges' second album "Fun House". Mackay was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan.

Mackay died in Daly City, California from sepsis at the age of 66.


The Land of Gorch

The Land of Gorch is a series of stories in episodes from the first season of the comedy television show "Saturday Night Live". It was special because it included Jim Henson's Muppets. Before he worked on "Sesame Street", Henson had made his puppet characters for a more adult audience, including his show "Sam and Friends". His characters were regular appearances on the late-night-comedy television shows including "The Ed Sullivan Show". After "Sesame Street", Henson was afraid that he would only be able to get work in the future on children's television series. His friend and advisor Bernie Brillstein, who also represented Gilda Radner, Dan Aykroyd, and John Belushi, helped him move over from his prior work to "Saturday Night Live". 

The idea behind "The Land of Gorch" was that it had Muppet characters in a far-away place, who were members of a royal family. They behaved rudely, with many references to drug abuse, sex, and drinking alcohol. Characters included King Ploobis and Queen Peutra and children, and servants Scred and Vazh. These characters often spoke to their wise prophet Mighty Favog for advice.

The staff of "Saturday Night Live" disagreed with Henson's ideas. Writers Michael O'Donoghue, Alan Zweibel, and Al Franken often tried to avoid writing the weekly sketches involving "The Land of Gorch". Henson felt they were trying to write for situational comedy and were not keeping true to his own ideas. Frank Oz agreed in the end that the match was not perfect between "Saturday Night Live" and "The Land of Gorch", and was thankful that by the end of the year he and Henson were able to move on to "The Muppet Show".

"The Land of Gorch" influenced many later creations by Jim Henson. His feature film "The Dark Crystal" used both puppetry techniques and story ideas from the sketches. The Jim Henson Company television show "Dinosaurs" later contained similar story ideas previously seen in "The Land of Gorch", including a plot-line about environmentalism. 

Commentators talking about "The Land of Gorch" agreed that the reception was bad — "The A.V. Club" wrote that it became an open joke between the staff that no one wanted to continue having the sketches on "Saturday Night Live". "San Francisco Chronicle" called the characters the opposite of Kermit the Frog, and compared them to trolls. "DVD Talk" called the feature the worst mistake made in the first season of the "Saturday Night Live". "Vogue" described the characters as early versions of Muppets and the world they inhabited as quite dark. Academic Michael J. Bernsten wrote in his essay "The Muppetry of Nightmares" that the idea failed because the characters were not funny and did not have strong values.


Gareth

Gareth was one of the Knights of the Round Table in King Arthur's Court. In Sir Thomas Mallory's classic story, "Le Morte D'Arthur" ( French for "the death of Arthur"), Gareth is given the nickname of "Beaumains" by Sir Kay. After one year, Gareth revealed his identity as Sir Gawain's brother and went on a quest as a gift from Arthur.

He was named a knight by Sir Lancelot after a jousting and sword fighting challenge. He dies in the same story, which is the last in the series.

UTC+08:30

UTC+08:30 is the timezone in places below. The time is 8.5 hours later than Greenwich Mean Time.

South Korea used this time zone from 1954 to 1961. North Korea used it from 2015 to 2018.

Yabby

Yabby or Yabbie is a name given in Australia to two different kinds of crustacean.

The Return (Bathory album)

The Return (the full name is The Return of the Darkness and Evil; sometimes called The Return...) is the second studio album released by the Swedish extreme metal Bathory. It was released on vinyl on 27 May 1985, through Combat Records. The album was very important in the death metal and black metal scene.


Plant hormone

Plant hormones (or Phytohormones) are chemicals that regulate plant growth. In the UK they are called 'plant growth substances'. The best known plant hormone is auxin.

Plant hormones are signal molecules produced within the plant. They occur in extremely low concentrations. Hormones regulate cellular processes in targeted cells. Hormones also govern the formation of flowers, stems, leaves, the shedding of leaves, and the development and ripening of fruit.

Plants, unlike animals, lack glands that produce and secrete hormones. Individual cells can produce hormones. They affect which tissues grow upward and which grow downward, leaf formation and stem growth, fruit development and ripening, plant longevity, and even plant death. Hormones are vital to plant growth, and, lacking them, plants would be mostly a mass of undifferentiated cells. So they are also known as growth factors or growth hormones.

Phytohormones are found not only in higher plants, but in algae too, with similar functions. They also occur in fungi and bacteria, where they may be used to induce beneficial reactions in host plants.

Auxin

Auxins are a class of plant hormones (or plant growth substances) with some morphogen-like characteristics. Auxins have a main role in coordination of many growth and behavioral processes in the plant's life cycle. they are essential for plant body development. 

Auxins and their role in plant growth were first described by the Dutch scientist Frits Warmolt Went. Kenneth V. Thimann isolated auxin and found its chemical structure to be indole-3-acetic acid (IAA). Went and Thimann co-authored a book on plant hormones, "Phytohormones", in 1937.

There are synthetic auxins, and in big doses they can be used as herbicides. Agent Orange is a mixture of synthetic auxins.

Muse (Grace Jones album)

Muse is the third studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones. The album was release d in September 4, 1979 by Island Records.

"Muse" was the last of Jones's disco and R&B albums that was recorded with producer Tom Moulton. Her first album to feature that sound was with her debut "Portfolio" (1977). After "Muse" Jones moved on to making reggae and electronica sounding albums in the 1980s.





Warm Leatherette (Grace Jones album)

Warm Leatherette is the fourth studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones. The album was released on 9 May 1980 through Island Records.

For the album Jones worked with reggae producers Sly and Robbie. The album is different from Jones' first three albums as they were mainly disco and R&B. This album had reggae and electronica sounds. Chris Blackwell planned to make a record with "a harsh sound that was heavy with Jamaican rhythm".

Side A

Side B




Nightclubbing (Grace Jones album)

Nightclubbing is the fifth studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones, released on May 11, 1981 by Island Records.

The album includes reggae-oriented covers of the songs by Flash and the Pan, Bill Withers, Iggy Pop, and Ástor Piazzolla, as well as several new tracks, three of which were co-written by Jones. The album was Jones' second album to use a reggae, electronica and R&B sound.



2014 Deluxe Edition:

Living My Life (Grace Jones album)

Living My Life is the sixth studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones. The album was released on 7 November 1982 by Island Records.

"Living My Life" was Jones' third reggae, electronica and R&B album. It was also her last album to be recorded using those genres. Her next set of albums would mainly be recorded in a funk and R&B style.

Side A

Side B



Release (music)

In the music industry, a release usually is a creative output from an artist available for sale or distribution. It is a broad term covering the many different forms music can be released in. Music can be released as singles, extended plays or as albums. A popular medium for releases is the Compact Disc (CD).

Musical performers often self-release (self-publish) their recordings without the involvement of an established record label. Some artists or groups who enjoy local or small scale popularity have started their own labels in order to release their music. Others simply sell the music directly to customers. One example is when it is sold at their live concerts. With the growth of the Internet, many musical acts have sold their recordings over the Internet without a record label. Unlike self-publishing a novel, which usually means that publishers did not want to publish it, even well-known musicians will choose to self-release recordings. Music managers are increasingly getting involved in music releases.

The word can also mean the event at which an album or single is first offered for sale. A release is sometimes called an album launch, or single launch. 


Diane Black

Diane Lynn Black ("née" Warren; born January 16, 1951) is an American politician. She was the U.S. Representative for from 2011 to 2019.

On August 2, 2017, Black announced her intention to run for Governor of Tennessee in the 2018 election. She lost the Republican nomination to businessman Bill Lee in the primaries.


Marsha Blackburn

Marsha Wedgeworth Blackburn (born June 6, 1952) is an American politician. She is the senior United States Senator of Tennessee since January 3, 2019.

A member of the Republican Party, she represented in the United States House of Representatives from 2003 to 2019.

In October 2017, Blackburn announced that she would run for the United States Senate seat being vacated by Bob Corker in the 2018 election. In August 2018, she became the Republican nominee. She defeated Democrat Phil Bredesen.


Peter Roskam

Peter James Roskam (born September 13, 1961) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for , from 2007 to 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party. He lost re-election in 2018 to Sean Casten.

He served as the Chief Deputy Majority Whip from 2011 to 2014, ranking fourth among House Republican leaders. He has also served in the Illinois Senate and the Illinois House of Representatives. He was Chairman of the House Ways and Means Subcommittee on Oversight.


Benjamin A. Gilman

Benjamin Arthur "Ben" Gilman (December 6, 1922 – December 17, 2016) was an American politician. He was a Republican United States Representative from New York.

He was born in Poughkeepsie, New York. Gilman graduated from Middletown High School in Middletown, New York in 1941 and received a B.S. from the Wharton School Finance at the University of Pennsylvania in 1946. He also earned an LL.B. from New York Law School. Gilman served in the United States Army Air Corps from 1942 until 1945 during World War II.

He was elected to Congress in 1972 to represent New York's 26th congressional district, defeating John G. Dow, a Democratic incumbent who had been serving in the New York's 27th congressional district (which included most of the territory and population of the new 26th district), and served from January 3, 1973 until January 3, 2003. During his time in Congress, he was chair of the House Committee on International Relations (104th through 106th Congresses).

Gilman has been married three times, to the former Jane Prizant (1927–2000), a lawyer and daughter of a well-known actor of the Yiddish theater (), Rita Kelhofer, and Georgia Tingus. He had five children.

Gilman died at a hospital in Wappingers Falls, New York on December 17, 2016 from complications of hip surgery, aged 94


Levent Kırca

Zeki Levent Kırca (September 28, 1948 – October 12, 2015) was a Turkish comedian, stage and movie actor. He was a columnist of the newspaper "Aydınlık". He was also a politician of the left-wing Patriotic Party ().

Kırca was born in Samsun on September 28, 1948. He died of liver cancer in Istanbul on October 12, 2015.

Abdallah Kigoda

Abdallah Omar Kigoda (25 November 1953 – 12 October 2015) was a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Handeni constituency. He served from 1995 to 2015. He served as the Minister of Industry and Trade.

Kigoda died on 12 October 2015 while undergoing treatment in India for cancer, aged 61.

Sarepta, Louisiana

Sarepta is a town in Webster Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Homer, Louisiana

Homer is the parish seat of Claiborne Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Columbia, Louisiana

Columbia is the parish seat of Caldwell Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Cameron, Louisiana

Cameron is the parish seat of Cameron Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Russia men's national volleyball team

Russia national volleyball team is the national volleyball team of Russia. The team's best achievements are the four Gold Medal olympic in (1964, 1968, 1980, 2012) and six Gold Medal world championship in (1949, 1952, 1960, 1962, 1978, 1982).



Thibodaux, Louisiana

Thibodaux is a city in the U.S. state of Louisiana. It is the parish seat of Lafourche Parish. This is in the northwestern part of the parish.

The population was 15,948 at the 2020 census. 

Asterisk

The asterisk (*) is a snowflake-like typographic symbol or glyph. 

It is so-called because it looks like an image of a star. Computer scientists and mathematicians often speak it as star. Example: "the A* search algorithm". 

In English, an asterisk is usually five-pointed or six-pointed in typefaces, and six- or eight-pointed when handwritten. It can be used as censorship. It is also used on the internet to correct one's spelling, in which case it appears after the correct word.

Typeface

In typography, a typeface is a family of fonts. Every glyph in a typeface shares certain design features. Typefaces have names, such as "Times New Roman", "Garamond", "Baskerville".

Every font of a typeface has specific details (such as size and weight) and is used in a particular way. The reason for having different fonts is to give the designer or printer choices which suit various needs. The most basic of all needs is to have the text legible and readable.

There are many versions of typefaces which are out of copyright. "ITC Garamond" is a different typeface from "Adobe Garamond" or "Monotype Garamond". These are all versions of the typeface Garamond, originally created in the 16th century. There are thousands of different typefaces in existence, with new ones being developed constantly.

The art and craft of designing typefaces is called "type design". In digital typography, type designers are sometimes also called "font developers" or "font designers".

Every typeface is a collection of glyphs, each of which represents an individual letter, number, punctuation mark, or other symbol. There are typefaces tailored for special applications, such as map-making or astrology and mathematics.

A very widely used typeface is "Times New Roman". This is a serif typeface commissioned by the British newspaper "The Times" in 1931. This typeface was later adapted for use in book printing, and again for use as a computer face. There are now many different versions of this typeface.


Amleto

Amleto is an Italian opera in four acts, music by Franco Faccio and libretto by Arrigo Boito, after William Shakespeare's play "Hamlet". It was first performed in Genoa, on May 30, 1865, and a revised was performed in Milan, on February 12, 1871. It was revived in 2014 in Baltimore (Maryland) and also performed in 2016 at the Bregenzer Festspiele.




Hinglish

Hinglish (हिंगलिश) is a language that combines words from the English language with those of South Asia. The name Hinglish itself is a portmanteau of "Hindi" and "English". It is spoken on the Indian subcontinent and the United Kingdom. It borrows words from other languages such as Punjabi, Urdu and Hindi. At first it was spoken only by what Indians refer to as "ABCDs" (American-Born Confused Desi). Now it is spoken by about 350 million speakers. It is heard on television and in advertisements in India. Coca-Cola's ad in Hinglish is "Life ho to aisi" (Life should be like this). Pepsi's ad is "Yeh Dil Maange More" (the heart wants more). Domino's Pizza asks "Hungry kya?" (Are you hungry?). It has become a hybrid language many Indians speak naturally and without giving it any thought. 

The first book written in Hinglish, "All we need is Love", is by Richa Devesar. It was published in March of 2015.

<br>

Sorry I'm Late (album)

Sorry I'm Late is the second studio album by English recording artist Cher Lloyd. It was released on 23 May 2014 by Epic Records, Syco Music and Mr. Kanani. Lloyd herself co-wrote five songs on the tracklist, working with new producers and songwriters such as Beth Ditto and Tove Lo. It is her last album released through Epic and Syco.

On 16 October 2013, Lloyd told "Billboard" that the title of her second studio album is "Sorry I'm Late". She explained, "I think it has two meanings. [...] It's been a long time since I've actually done anything new, but for me, it's as a person. I mean, I've spent a whole lot of time trying to figure out who I am, and I think everybody goes through that." Lloyd confirmed that "Sorry I'm Late", which was originally due for release in November, was pushed back until early 2014, despite the record being done.

The explicit version of the album artwork depicts Lloyd smoking while sitting in a bathtub; censored pressings of the record remove the smoke.


Lamar Odom

Lamar Joseph Odom (born November 6, 1979) is an American basketball player. His team, the Los Angeles Lakers, won the NBA Championships in 2009 and 2010. He has also played basketball for the Dallas Mavericks, Miami Heat and the Spanish team Laboral Kutxa.

Odom was born in South Jamaica, Queens. Between 2009 and 2013 he was married to television star Khloe Kardashian. The couple has since split.

On October 13, 2015, Odom was hospitalized after being discovered unconscious at the Love Ranch South brothel in Crystal, Nevada. He was in a coma and placed on life support in a hospital in Las Vegas for a few days before regaining consciousness. He had suffered several strokes and kidney failure. He was transferred from Las Vegas to a Los Angeles hospital by medical transport.

<br>

Christian Democrats (Sweden)

The Christian Democrats (, KD) is a Christian democratic political party in Sweden. The party was founded in 1964. It did not enter parliament until 1985 in an electoral cooperation with the Centre Party. They entered on the Christian Democrats' own accord in 1991. The leader since 25 April 2015 is Ebba Busch Thor. She succeeded Göran Hägglund, who had been the party's leader since 2004. The four most important issues for the party are:


The party name was for a long time abbreviated KDS until 1996, when the new abbreviation became KD. This was because the name changed from the "Christian Democratic Unity" to the "Christian Democrats".

The Christian Democrats were a minor party in the centre-right Alliance coalition government led by Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt until his resignation in 2014.

Fashion week

A fashion week is a fashion industry event lasting about one week. This is where fashion designers, brands or "houses" show their latest clothing in runway shows to buyers and the media. These events let the rest of the industry know what's "in" and what's "out" for the season.

The most prominent fashion weeks are held in the four fashion capitals of the world. These are the New York, London, Milan and Paris. 

Other notable fashion events are held in cities around the world. These include Berlin (Berlin Fashion Week) and São Paulo (São Paulo Fashion Week), among many others.

<br>

Bluehenge

Bluestonehenge or Bluehenge (also known as West Amesbury Henge) is a prehistoric henge and stone circle monument.
It was discovered by the Stonehenge Riverside Project about south-east of Stonehenge in Wiltshire, England. All that remains of the site is the ditch of the henge and a series of stone settings, none of which is visible above ground.

Excavation revealed two flint chisel arrowheads in a style commonly used during 3400-2500 BC. The stones have been put up in that period. It is estimated that there may have been as many as 27 stones in a circle 33 feet (10 m) wide.

The site was excavated in August 2008 and again in August 2009. It is considered an important find by archaeologists.

The name "Bluestonehenge" is from the small stone chips found in some of the stone settings. These bluestones are also found in Stonehenge and consist of a wide range of rock types originally from Pembrokeshire West Wales, some away. Archaeologists think any bluestones in the circle may have been removed around 2500 BC and used at Stonehenge, which had major rebuilding at about that time.

The stone circle settings were surrounded by a henge, comprising an ditch and outer bank which appears to date from approximately 2400 BC.

2014 FIFA World Cup Group B

Group B of the 2014 FIFA World Cup consisted of Spain, the Netherlands, Chile, and Australia. This group contained the finalists of 2010 FIFA World Cup: Spain (reigning champion) and the Netherlands (runners-up). Play began on 13 June and ended on 23 June 2014. The Netherlands and Chile progressed to the knockout stage, while Australia and Spain were eliminated after suffering two defeats in their opening two matches. Chile was eliminated by Brazil in the second round after penalties, while the Netherlands made their way to the semi-finals in which they lost to Argentina on penalties. The third place match was won by the Netherlands with a convincing 3–0 victory against Brazil.


Anna Pendleton Schenck

Anna Pendleton Schenck (January 8, 1874 - April 29, 1915) was an architect. She was the business partner of Marcia Mead (1879-1967) and they started the first female architectural firm in New York City in 1914. They were successful from the very start. They won the City Club prize which gave them national recognition. 

She was born on January 8, 1874 in Brooklyn, New York to Noah Hunt Schenck and Ann Pierce Pendleton. 

She attended Columbia University and was one of the first female graduates.

She died on April 29, 1915 at New York Hospital.

Eloise Blaine Cram

Eloise Blaine Cram (June 11, 1896 - February 9, 1957) was in charge of the parasites of poultry section of the zoological division of the Bureau of Animal Industry at the United States Department of Agriculture.

She was born in Davenport, Iowa on June 11, 1896 to Ralph Warren Cram (1869-1952) and Mary Belle Laventure (1874-1948). She graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Chicago in 1919. She was awarded her Ph.D. from George Washington University in 1925. In 1920 became a zoologist for the Bureau of Animal Industry (BAI) specializing in the parasites of poultry. In 1936 she went to work for the Zoology Laboratory at the National Institutes of Health. She died in San Diego, California on February 9, 1957.

 

Mary Margaret O'Reilly

Mary Margaret O'Reilly (October 14, 1865 - December 6, 1949) was the acting director of the Mints and Assay Office of the United States Department of the Treasury and later assistant treasurer. She was known as the "sweetheart of the Treasury".

She was born on October 14, 1865 in Springfield, Massachusetts. She started work at the mint in 1904.

A presidential executive order allowed her to work past her mandated retirement age. 

She retired at age 73 in 1938. She died in Washington, D.C. on December 6, 1949.

Judy Lee Klemesrud

Judy Lee Klemesrud (June 11, 1939 - October 12, 1985) was a writer for "The New York Times" from 1966 till her death in 1985.

Klemesrud was born in Thompson, Iowa to Glee (1909-1986) and Theo S. Klemesrud (1902-1995). She had a brother, Tom Theo Klemesrud and a sister, Candace K. Klemesrud (1947-1989). Her father owned the "Thompson Courier" and the "Rake Register" in Iowa.

Klemesrud attended the University of Iowa from 1958 until she graduated in 1961. She later went to Columbia University to attend the School of Journalism. While attending the University of Iowa, she worked as an editor at "The Daily Iowan". She then spent 4 years as a reporter for the "Chicago Daily News". She worked at "The New York Times" from 1966 until her death in 1985. She also wrote for such magazines as: "Esquire", "Cosmopolitan", "Ladies' Home Journal", "Redbook", and "The New York Times Magazine".

Klemesrud died of cancer in 1985 at the age of 46.

Adam Kinzinger

Adam Daniel Kinzinger (born February 27, 1978) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative from Illinois between 2011 to 2023. He is a member of the Republican Party.

After President Donald Trump lost in the 2020 presidential election, Kinzinger became known for his criticisms Trump's claims of voter fraud and attempts to overturn the results. 

Kinzinger was one of the 10 Republicans who voted to impeach Trump for incitement of insurrection in his second impeachment. He was one of only two Republicans to vote to create a select committee to investigate the 2021 United States Capitol attack.

On October 29, 2021, Kinzinger announced he would not be running for Congress in 2022.


Sue Lloyd-Roberts

Susan Ann "Sue" Lloyd-Roberts CBE (27 October 1950 – 13 October 2015) was a British television journalist. She worked for BBC programs and, earlier in her career, worked for ITN.

Lloyd-Roberts died on 13 October 2015 at University College Hospital in London from leukemia, aged 64.

Nurlan Balgimbayev

Nurlan Utebovich Balgimbayev (20 November 1947 – 14 October 2015) was the Prime Minister of Kazakhstan from 10 October 1997 to 1 October 1999. He was the President of the Kazakhstan Oil Investment Company from February 2002.

On 14 October 2015, Balgimbayev died in Atyrau at the age of 68 of cancer.

Ryan Zinke

Ryan Keith Zinke (born November 1, 1961) is an American politician. He is member of the Republican Party. He is the member of the United States House of Representatives for Montana's 1st congressional district since 2023. He was the 52nd United States Secretary of the Interior from 2017 to 2019.

Zinke served as a member of the Montana State Senate, representing Senate District 2 from 2009 to 2011. He was the Republican congressman for Montana's at-large congressional district having won in the 2014 election. He resigned as a U.S. representative on March 1, 2017.

On December 15, 2018, President Donald Trump announced that Zinke would leave the position as Interior Secretary by the end of 2018. He left the office on January 2, 2019.

Zinke was born in Bozeman, Montana and raised in Whitefish. He is the son of Jean Montana (Harlow) Petersen and Ray Dale Zinke, a plumber.

Zinke earned a B.S. in geology in 1984 at the University of Oregon. Zinke later earned an M.B.A. from National University in 1993 and an M.S. in global leadership from the University of San Diego in 2003.

In Congress, Zinke has supported the deployment of U.S. ground troops to combat ISIL, "abandoning" the Affordable Care Act, and cutting regulations. He supported a Republican effort to repeal the estate tax.

Zinke "frequently votes against environmentalists on issues ranging from coal extraction to oil and gas drilling" and received a 3 percent rating from the League of Conservation Voters.

On December 13, 2016, President-elect Donald Trump picked Zinke for the position of United States Secretary of the Interior. Zinke was confirmed on March 1, 2017, becoming the first Navy SEAL to occupy a Cabinet position.

As Secretary, Zinke opened more federal lands for oil, gas and mineral exploration and extraction. Zinke's spendings as Secretary of the Interior, which included expensive flights, raised ethical questions and controversy, and were investigated by the Interior Department’s Office of Inspector General. On October 30, 2018, the investigation into Zinke was referred to the Justice Department by Interior's Inspector General.

Trump announced on December 15, 2018, that Zinke would leave his post by the end of 2018. He was replaced by his deputy David Bernhardt.

On April 29, 2021 it was reported that Zinke had filed to run for Montana's newly reformed 2nd congressional district. He was elected to the U.S. House in November 2022.

Zinke has been married to Lolita Hand. They have three children. Zinke is Lutheran.


Clare Tree Major

Clare Tree Major (1880 - October 10, 1954) was an English American actress, author, and stage director. She started the Children's Theatre of New York in 1924.

She was born in 1880 in England. She migrated to the United States in 1914. In 1924 she started the Children's Theatre of New York. In 1925 she produced the play The Little Poor Man.

She died on October 10, 1954.


Gleipnir

In Norse mythology, Gleipnir was the third chain used to tie up Fenrir, the wolf. Fenrir was the son of Loki and Angrboða, the giantess. The first two chains, named Lædingr and Dromi, were forged by Thor and did not hold him. Gleipnir was created by the sons of Ivaldi and did hold Fenrir. It was as thin as spider's silk. Gleipnir was made from six things: 

This was probably used to explain why all of those things are impossible.

The gods lured Fenrir to the island of Lyngvi. They challenged him to be bound by Gleipnir. To show Fenrir it was no trick, Týr put his hand in Fenrir's mouth. When he could not break Gleipnir's grip on him and they refused to let him out, Fenrir naturally bit off Týr's hand. Fenrir was to remain bound by Gleipnir until Ragnarök (the final great battle of the gods).

Eliseo Arredondo

Eliseo Arredondo de la Garza (May 5, 1870 - October 18, 1923) was a Mexican lawyer, politician and diplomat. He was the interim governor of the Mexican state of Coahuila and the Secretary of the Interior during the presidency of Venustiano Carranza in 1914. He was appointed the Ambassador of Mexico to the United States in 1916.

Arredondo was born on May 5, 1870 in Nava, Coahuila. He was a cousin of Venustiano Carranza. 

Arredondo was appointed as the Secretary of the Interior during the presidency of Venustiano Carranza in 1914. He was appointed the Ambassador of Mexico to the United States in 1916.

Arredondo died on October 18, 1923 in Mexico City.

End zone

The end zone refers to the scoring area on the field, according to gridiron-based codes of football. It is the area between the end line and goal line bounded by the sidelines. There are two end zones. Each one is on an opposite side of the field. It is bordered on all sides by a white line indicating its beginning and end points. Usually padded orange square markers are placed at each of the four corners as a visual aid. Canadian rule books use the terms "goal area" and "dead line" instead of "end zone" and "end line" respectively. But the latter terms are the more common in Canadian English. In American football the end zone is 10 yards deep. Canadian football end zones are 20 yards; 10 yards deeper than those in American football. Sports like association football and ice hockey require the puck or ball to pass completely over the goal line to count as a score. Canadian and American football merely need the nose of the ball to break the vertical plane of the outer edge of the goal line.

Chris Knight

Chris Knight is an American country music singer from Slaughters, Kentucky. In 1997 Decca Records released his self-titled debut album.

<br>

Red-and-green macaw

The red-and-green macaw ("Ara chloropterus"), is a large mostly-red macaw of the "Ara" genus. This is the largest bird of the "Ara" genus. It is commonly found in the forests and woodlands of northern and central South America. They are found in flocks of 30 or more birds in the lowland areas. On forested slopes they form smaller flocks of two to three pairs. The flock roosts in trees at night. During the day they fly long distances to find fruit and seeds to eat. They spend a good part of the day resting, noisily arguing among themselves. Like other macaws, in recent years there has been a decline in its numbers due to habitat loss. They are hunted for food, feathers or are illegally captured for the parrot trade.

<br>

Baku Zoo

Baku Zoo () is a state zoo in Baku. It is the oldest zoo in Azerbaijan. When it opened in 1928, it was in Lunacharski Park. In 1942 it was moved to its present location. It belongs to the Ministry of Culture and Tourism of Azerbaijan and to the Municipality of Baku city. The total area of the zoo is . The zoo is currently home to over 1,200 animals. There are over 160 species. It will soon be replaced by a new zoo near Güzdək on the Absheron Peninsula. The new larger zoo will house the animals in their natural surroundings.

Kenneth D. Taylor

Kenneth Douglas "Ken" Taylor, OC (October 5, 1934 – October 15, 2015) was a Canadian diplomat, educator and businessman. He was best known for his role in the 1979 covert operation called the "Canadian Caper" which helped free some hostages during the Iran hostage crisis.

Taylor died in New York City from colon cancer at the age of 81.


Robert M. White

Robert Mayer "Bob" White (February 13, 1923 – October 14, 2015) was an American meteorologist and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's first administrator from 1970 to 1977. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. White was also the director of the United States Weather Bureau from 1963 to 1965, director of the Environmental Science Services Administration from 1965 to 1970, president of the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research from 1980 to 1983, and president of the National Academy of Engineering from 1983 to 1995.

Nate Huffman

Nathaniel Thomas Huffman (April 2, 1975 – October 15, 2015) was an American professional basketball player. He played most of his career outside of the United States with Maccabi Tel Aviv. Huffman played for the Toronto Raptors from 2002 through 2003.

On September 29, 2015, Huffman announced that he had stage 4 bladder cancer and his "condition is terminal". He died on October 15, 2015.

Michael McCaul

Michael Thomas McCaul, Sr. (born January 14, 1962) is the U.S. Representative for , serving since 2005. Since the beginning of the 113th Congress, he has been the Chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security. He is a member of the Republican Party.


Elbert Glover

Elbert Glover is a researcher and writer. He mainly writes about tobacco addiction. He is the director of the Tobacco Research Center at the West Virginia University.

Dither fish

Dither fish are aquarium fish used by cichlid owners to make some species of cichlids less afraid. 

Dither fish usually swim around the top of a fish tank. This behavior makes afraid fish less afraid. Fish that are not afraid hide less. The scared fish think (correctly) that no predators are in the tank. 

The technique is based on the ability of cichlids in an aquarium to use the behaviour of other fish species as a sign that the place they are in is safe. Good dither fish are usually schooling species, such as some "Danio" species, barbs and some tetra species.

Obsidian Entertainment

Obsidian Entertainment is an American video game developer. It was ed in 2003 after the closure of Black Isle Studios.

LucasArts

LucasArts Entertainment Company, LLC is an American video game publisher and licensor. Until 2013, it was also a video game developer.

The company was founded in May 1982 as Lucasfilm Games, the video game development group of Lucasfilm Limited, the film production company of George Lucas.

Lucasfilm Games could not develop "Star Wars" games in its early years because Atari had the license for "Star Wars" and because of that, Lucasfilm Games had to develop unique games and had their first projects published by other companies. Lucasfilm's early titles include: "Ballblazer" and "Rescue on Fractalus" both games were released in 1984, "Koronis rift" released in 1985.

In 1987, Lucasfilm Games created the SCUMM engine which stands for <nowiki>"Script Creation Utility for Maniac Mansion" which would be used in many of LucasArt'</nowiki>s future adventure games. The SCUMM engine was first developed for the game "Maniac Mansion" which was released in 1987.

On October 30, 2012, LucasArts was acquired by The Walt Disney Company through the acquisition of its parent company Lucasfilm in a deal for $4.05 billion.

Lake County, Illinois

Lake County is a county in northeast Illinois. As of the 2020 census, the population was 714,342. Some of the main cities are Waukegan and Libertyville.

Slave to the Rhythm (Grace Jones album)

Slave to the Rhythm is the seventh studio album by Jamican singer Grace Jones, released on 28 October 1985 by Island Records.

Planned as "a biography" in the album's booklet, "Slave to the Rhythm" is a concept album, produced by ZTT Records founder and producer Trevor Horn. "Slave to the Rhythm" was released in 1985, three years after her last album "Living My Life" as she had taken a break and began to act in movies such as "Conan the Destroyer" in 1984 and in the James Bond film "A View to Kill" in 1985. The album was her first set of funk and R&B albums.

Side A

Side B




Burning of Parliament

The Burning of Parliament was a great fire in London on 16 October 1834. The Palace of Westminster, the medieval royal palace used as the home of the British parliament, was largely destroyed. The blaze was caused by the burning of small wooden tally sticks. They had been used as part of the accounting procedures of the Exchequer until 1826. The sticks were disposed of in a careless manner. They were thrown in the two furnaces under the House of Lords, which caused a chimney fire in the two flues that ran under the floor of the Lords' chamber. The fire smoldered under the floor for most of the day. The senile housekeeper and a careless Clerk of Works ignored all the warning signs of the pending disaster. This led the Prime Minister to call it "one of the greatest instances of stupidity upon record". 

The fire spread rapidly throughout the buildings. It became the worst fire to occur in London between the Great Fire of 1666 and the Blitz of the Second World War. the event attracted large crowds which included several artists who provided pictorial records of the event. The fire lasted for most of the night. The House of Lords and the House of Commons were destroyed along with most of their libraries, art collections and records.

John Soane

Sir John Soane (10 September 1753 – 20 January 1837) was an English architect. He was knighted in 1831. He was the greatest architect of his day. His house in Lincoln's Inn Fields is now Sir John Soane's Museum and is open to the public. On 15 November 1821 Soane was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society.

Goring-on-Thames

Goring-on-Thames is a village and civil parish in South Oxfordshire.

South Oxfordshire

South Oxfordshire is a district in Oxfordshire, England. About 140,000 people live in South Oxfordshire. It was created on 1 April 1974.

William Whitelaw (Perth MP)

William Whitelaw (Perth MP) (28th June 1918 - 1 July 1999) was a Conservative politician from Scotland. He served some Cabinet positions such as Home Secretary and deputy leader of the British Conservative Party during Margaret Thatcher's time as PM. 

Whitelaw was likely appointed by Thatcher in some positions to get the Scottish to vote for her as he was Scottish and Thatcher was very unpopular in the area.

William Whitelaw, 1st Viscount Whitelaw

William Stephen Ian Whitelaw, 1st Viscount Whitelaw was a politician and a deputy prime minister from England, sometimes known as Willie Whitelaw. He held a number of roles in the cabinet of Margaret Thatcher during her time as Prime Minister.

Angus Deaton

Angus Deaton (born 19 October 1945) is a Scottish economist. He is from Edinburgh. He won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences. He attended Fettes College. He has two children. He also went to Princeton University and the University of Bristol.


Elizabeth Ramsey

Elizabeth Ramsey (December 3, 1931 – October 8, 2015) was a Filipina comedian, actress and singer. She was known for her trademark Visayan-accented dialogues. She performed them in English and Tagalog. She was regarded as the Philippines' Queen of Rock and Roll. She became famous in 1958 after winning a singing contest in "Student Canteen".

Ramsey was born in San Carlos City, Negros Occidental. She died from a sudden hyperglycemic attack at age 83.

Skhid

“Skhid” - journal of analysis and new ideas (). From 1995 to 2014 the Journal was published in Donetsk (Ukraine). From the late 2014 to date it has been published in Mariupol of Donetsk Region (Ukraine). Profile: “Skhid” highlights the results of research in economics, history and philosophy. Languages of the publication: Ukrainian, Russian and English. Periodicity: 6 issues a year.

During the years of activity (1995-2019) the journal managed to attract authoritative authorship while providing opportunities for young authors to publish research results.

Scientometrics: INDEX COPERNICUS VALUE (ICV) 2015 - 64,77 2014 - 64.29


Island Life (Grace Jones album)

Island Life is the first greatest hits album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones, it released in December 1985. It includes songs from her first seven albums. The albums' artwork is Jones' is her most iconic artwork. The album was later re-released in 1996 under the name of "Island Life 2" and included two remixes of a new song called "Sex Drive" which was originally going to appear on a album called "Black Marilyn" which was due out in the 1990s but never got released.

Side A

Side B
Notes: 7" edits of "Do or Die", "Pull Up to the Bumper" and "Slave to the Rhythm" are included. "Love Is the Drug" appears in Eric "E.T." Thorngren's remix.

Side A

Side B

Inside Story (Grace Jones album)

Inside Story is the eighth studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones, released on November 14, 1986 by Manhattan Records, it was her only album to be released on that label.

Released under new contract with Manhattan Records, for "Inside Story" Jones worked with the music producer Nile Rodgers of Chic (Jones had previously tried to work with the band during her disco era.) The release of "Inside Story" was Manhattan Records' "most extensive marketing and merchandising campaign ever".

All songs were written by Grace Jones and Bruce Woolley.

Side A

Side B



Stella Glow

The game features character designs by Ideolo and Masato Shako, music created by and Shunsuke Tsuchiya, and the voices and singing talents of , , among others.

Like Imageepoch's earlier game series "", "Stella Gow" is tactical role-playing game where the player moves characters under his or her control on a grid and fight against an opposing team of characters or creatures. The battle grid possesses varied elevations and is presented from a top-down .

Witch characters possess "song magic", which they use in combat. Before a witch's song magic can be used, it must first be unlocked by the player. The player must enter a witch and defeat a boss creature inside.

Players also have access to "Free Time", which they have use to speak to characters, partake in jobs in order to earn money, enhance the skills of witches via "tuning", or search the city for items. Partaking in these activities costs "action points", and players only have access to three action points to spend during each "Free Time" session. other activities, such as buying equipment and "orbs" for characters, do not cost action points.

"Stella Glow" takes place in a world with song-driven magic. This song magic brought prosperity to the world, but in turn, this prosperity also brought problems and war to the world. God then took song magic away from the people. Thousands of years later, song magic reappeared in the hands of five witches. One of these witches is Hilda, who wishes to crystallize the world and leads the Harbingers. Opposing her are the Regnant Knights and the four other witches.

Alto is the main protagonist and a resident of Mithra, along with Lisette. When Mithra is crystallized, Alto joined Regnant Knights in order to undo the damage done to his home.


 announced the development of "Stella Glow" in October 2014 and its release was meant to coincide with Imageepoch's 10th anniversary.

Hideyuki Mizutani produced the game, and Dai Oba directed it. Ideolo and Masato Shakado created the artwork. Several voice actors contributed to over twenty different Song Magic tracks.

In November 2014, Imageepoch completed development on "Stella Glow".

When Imageepoch encountered problems with sells and marketing, Imageepoch approached Sega, and in March 2015, Sega announced that it would publish the game.

In May 2015, Imageepoch filed for bankruptcy.

On May 20, Sega released a demo for "Stella Glow" on Japan's .

On June 5, 2015, Sega released "Stella Glow" in Japan.

On June 15th, Atlus announced that it would be releasing an English version to a North American audience by the holiday season. Atlus had Konomi Suzuki record an English version of "Stella Glow"'s opening theme "Hikari no Metamorphopsis" for the North American release.

On October 27th, Atlus released a demo for the English language version to the North American Nintendo eShop.

For the North American release, Atlus created a special launch edition of the game. Include in this package is a collectible outer box, a soundtrack, a cloth poster, and charm depicting Bubu, a pig-like mascot character.

Atlus also created an exclusive theme for those who purchased a digital copy of the game through the Nintendo eShop. This special theme features the witches Hilda, Lisette, Popo, Sakuya, Mordimort on the upper screen and Bubu on the lower screen.


Bulletproof Heart (Grace Jones album)

Bulletproof Heart is the ninth studio album by Jamaican recording artist Grace Jones, it was released on October 13, 1989 by Capitol Records, it was her first album on the label. It would be her last album until 2008's "Hurricane".

On "Bulletproof Heart" Jones would work with producer Chris Stanley, who at that time had become her first husband.

"Bulletproof Heart" met with negative reviews, with critic Robert Christgau calling it "incongruous".

Notes: All songs were written by Grace Jones and Chris Stanley, except where noted. "Crack Attack" features rapper Freedom, and "Don't Cry Freedom" is a duet with Chris Stanley, although they're not credited as such in track listing on the album sleeve.

Side A

Side B





The Ultimate (Grace Jones album)

The Ultimate is a second greatest hits album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones released in 1993. The album would have the same songs as her 1985 "Island Life" greatest hits album, as well as four other songs. "The Ultimate" was released only in the Netherlands, where it enjoyed success.


Note: Edits of "Slave to the Rhythm", "Do or Die" and "The Fashion Show" are included.


Edward the Exile

Edward the Exile (17 January 1016 — 19 April 1057) also known as Edward the Atheling was the heir apparent to the Kingdom of England. He was the oldest child of King Edmund II of England and Ealdgyth. He spended most of his life in exile in Hungary following his father being killed at the Battle of Assandun during Cnut the Great's invasion of England in 1016.

After the Danish conquest of England in 1016, Canute had Edward and his brother, Edmund, sent to the Swedish court of Olof Skötkonung. Edward was a baby at the time. Canute's agents apparently had orders to have the children murdered. But they were quickly taken to Hungary where neither Canut or his agents could reach them. He was brought up at the Hungarian court. Edward married Agatha, a relative of Emperor Henry II. 

Edward the Confessor, King of England, had no children. Edward, his nephew, was his nearest living relative. The King wanted to make Edward his heir. In 1057, the king's messengers reached Edward living in Hungary. Edward agreed to return to England and in 1057 arrived in London with his family. But a few days after their arrival Edward was killed.

He and Agatha had three children, Edgar the Atheling, Margaret of Scotland and Cristina, Abbess of Romsey Abbey. In the summer of 1068 his son Edgar took his mother and sisters and escaped to Scotland.

<br>

Tribes of Arabia

The following is a list of tribes of Arab people from the geo-cultural region of Arabia.




I'll Remember

"I'll Remember" is a song by American singer Madonna, it was released on March 8, 1994 by Warner Bros Records. It went to number one in Canada and Italy and number two in the United States. It was from the 1994 movie "With Honors".




2014-15 Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball

The 2014–15 Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team represented the University of Kentucky in their 39th season. They played their home games at the Rupp Arena. The team was led by John Calipari for 6 seasons in a row.

The 2014-2015 team won all 31 games in the regular season, similar to what the Witchita State team did the year before. They were the first team in NCAA basketball to begin a season with a record of 38-0 (38 wins and no losses). After the regular season, the 2014-2015 team made it to the Final Four, playing against the Wisconsin Badgers for the second year in a row. The Final Four tournament was held in Indianapolis. 

The 2014-2015 Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team lost to Wisconsin in the Final Four, finishing their season 38-1, so they did not have a perfect record and were not the champions that year.

Max Domi

Maxwell Johannes Domi (born March 2, 1995) is a Canadian ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Columbus Blue Jackets. He also played for the Arizona Coyotes and Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba and grew up in Toronto, Ontario. His father Tie Domi also played in the NHL for 16 years.

Before playing in the NHL, Domi played 1 season with the St. Michael's Buzzers of the Ontario Junior Hockey League (OJHL) and 4 seasons with the London Knights of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). On September 23, 2011, Domi made his OHL debut. He scored a hat-trick and an assist in a 8–0 win over the Saginaw Spirit. He helped the Knights win the OHL Championship in 2012 and also won a bronze medal with Team Ontario at the 2012 World U-17 Hockey Challenge.

Domi won a gold medal with Team Canada at the 2012 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament. He helped the Knights win their second OHL Championship in a row and won gold with Team Canada at the 2015 World Junior Ice Hockey Championship. He was named Best Forward of thew tournament.

He was drafted 12th overall by the Phoenix Coyotes in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. He signed a three-year entry level contract with the Coyotes on July 14, 2013. On October 10, 2015, Domi made his NHL debut with the Arizona Coyotes and scored his first NHL goal in a 4–1 win over the Los Angeles Kings.

Domi was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes. He wears the jersey number 16 in homage to Bobby Clarke, a hockey player who also had the disease.


Presumption of innocence

The presumption of innocence, is sometimes referred to by the Latin expression Ei incumbit probatio qui dicit, non qui negat (the burden of proof is on the one who declares, not on one who denies). It is the principle that one is considered innocent unless proven guilty. In many nations, presumption of innocence is a legal right of the accused in a criminal trial. It is also regarded as an international human right under the UN's Universal Declaration of Human Rights, article 11. and International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, article 14. This places the burden of proof on the prosecution. They have to collect and present enough compelling evidence to convince the trier of fact (a jury or judge) that the accused is guilty beyond reasonable doubt. If reasonable doubt remains, the accused is to be ted. Under Justinian Codes and English Common law, the accused is presumed innocent in criminal proceedings. In civil proceedings (like breach of contract) both sides must issue proof. Under Anglo-American Common Law, the accused is always presumed innocent in all types of proceedings. Proof is always the of the accuser. Sharia law, also called Islamic Law, is the third most common type of law in the world. It also has a presumption of innocence. 


Grey-crested finch

The grey-crested finch ("Lophospingus griseocristatus") is a bird that can be found in Argentina and Bolivia.

Hold Me (Teddy Pendergrass &amp; Whitney Houston song)

"Hold Me" is a 1984 recording of a song performed as a duet by Teddy Pendergrass and Whitney Houston. The ballad is on both Teddy Pendergrass' 1984 album "Love Language", from which it was released as a single, and Whitney Houston's 1985 self-titled debut album.

The original arrangement of the song, titled as "In Your Arms", written by Linda Creed & Michael Masser, is on Diana Ross's 1982 album "Silk Electric", under the name "In Your Arms".

Greatest Love of All

"The Greatest Love of All" is a song written by Michael Masser and Linda Creed and originally recorded by George Benson for the 1977 Muhammad Ali biopic "The Greatest". (A live version by Benson appears on 1978's Weekend in L.A.). The song was also recorded in 1979 by Shirley Bassey, for her album "The Magic Is You".

The song was further popularized by Whitney Houston under the title "Greatest Love of All". The song was recorded by the American recording artist for her debut album, self-titled "Whitney Houston", which was released in February 1985, by Arista Records.

Creed wrote the lyrics in the midst of her struggle with breast cancer. The words describe her feelings about coping with great challenges that one must face in life, being strong during those challenges whether you succeed or fail, and passing that strength on to children to carry with them into their adult lives. Creed eventually succumbed to the disease in April 1986 at the age of 37; at the time her song was an international hit by Houston.

The song became a major hit, topping the charts in Australia, Canada and the US, while reaching the top 20 in most countries, including Italy, Sweden and UK. It remains her third biggest US hit, after "I Will Always Love You" and "I Wanna Dance with Somebody (Who Loves Me)". All three songs, in order of their former popularity, re-entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, after Houston's death, debuting the same week at numbers 7, 35 and 41, respectively, giving Houston three posthumous chart hits.

Clive Davis, founder of Houston's label Arista Records, was initially against Houston recording the song for her debut studio album, "Whitney Houston", but he eventually gave in after persuasion from Houston and Masser. It was released as the B-side to the single "You Give Good Love", a previous Top 5 hit by Houston. The song was eventually released as a single in its own right. The song, released on March 18, 1986, was the seventh release from Houston's debut album, and spent three weeks at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in May of that year.

Houston's album version features a piano intro, while the single version begins with a keyboard intro. After the single became a success, it replaced the original album version on subsequent pressings of the album. However, the original version was restored for the 2010 Deluxe Anniversary Edition reissue of the album.

Saving All My Love for You

"Saving All My Love for You" is a 1985 song written by Michael Masser and Gerry Goffin with arrangement by Gene Page. It was originally a minor hit for Marilyn McCoo and Billy Davis Jr. in 1978 on their album "Marilyn & Billy". A cover of the song was done by American recording artist Whitney Houston, for her album "Whitney Houston", which was released on February 14, 1985 by Arista Records. The song was the second single from the album in the United States and third worldwide.

All at Once (Whitney Houston song)

"All at Once" is a song written by Michael Masser and Jeffrey Osborne and recorded by Whitney Houston. It was released as a single in Japan and several European countries in 1985–1986. While it did not receive an official single release in the United States, the song did receive significant radio airplay there.

It became the first hit for Whitney Houston in the Netherlands in April 1985.

The song is a heartbreak ballad about a lover who leaves without warning and the damage it does. Houston performed the song at the 1987 American Music Awards.

Legal burden of proof

The burden of proof () is a level of proof that a party seeking to prove a fact must reach before it is accepted in a court of law. 

In a criminal case the burden of proof is on the prosecution. A defendant is not required to prove his or her innocence. The standard the prosecution must reach is proof of their version of the facts beyond a reasonable doubt. In a civil trial the burden of proof is on the one bringing the case to court, called the plaintiff. In a civil trial the burden of proof is on the plaintiff. The standard that must be met is that the "preponderance of the evidence" (weight of the evidence) is enough to prove their case. 

If a defendant in a civil or criminal case wants to provide an alternative set of facts to those provided by the prosecution or the plaintiff, this is called an "affirmative defense". This shifts the burden of proof to the defendant to prove his or her version of the facts. The defendant would seek to excuse or justify his or her actions that brought the lawsuit. Common affirmative defenses include entrapment, Self-defense, unclean hands, insanity, and the statute of limitations.

Preponderance of the evidence, also known as the "balance of probabilities" is the standard required in most civil cases. It is also used in family court for determinations solely involving money, such as child support under the Child Support Standards Act.

The standard is met if the proposition is more likely to be true than not true. The standard is satisfied if there is greater than fifty percent chance that the proposition is true. Lord Denning, in "Miller v. Minister of Pensions", described it simply as "more probable than not." Until 1970, this was also the standard used in juvenile court in the United States. This is a far lower burden than "beyond a reasonable doubt," the threshold a prosecutor must meet in criminal trials.

This is the highest standard used as the burden of proof in common law countries. It usually only applies in criminal proceedings. If there is a real doubt, based upon reason and common sense after careful and impartial consideration of all the evidence (or lack of evidence) in a case, then the level of proof has not been met. If the jury, or judge in a bench trial, has no doubt as to the defendant's guilt, or if their only doubts are unreasonable doubts, then the prosecutor has proved the defendant is guilty.

Clinton, Louisiana

Clinton is the parish seat of East Feliciana Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Rebecca Shelley

Rebecca Shelley (January 20, 1887 - January 21, 1984) was a pacifist who lost her American citizenship when she married a German national. She was the publisher of Modern Poultry Breeder.

She was born in Sugar Valley, Pennsylvania on January 20, 1887 to William Alfred Shelly. In 1904 her family moved to Michigan. In 1907 she attended University of Michigan and majored in the German. She graduated Phi Beta Kappa in 1910.

In 1922 she married Felix Martin Rathmer, a German born electrical engineer and she lost her American citizenship. She refused to take the naturalization oath because it contained the phrase "bear arms in defense of the country". She did not regain her citizenship until 1944. She became a widow in 1959. 

She died on January 21, 1984, the day after her birthday, at the Leila Y. Post Montgomery Hospital in Battle Creek, Michigan.


Doctor of Letters

Doctor of Letters (; D.Litt.; Litt.D.; D. Lit.; or Lit. D.) is an academic degree. It is a higher doctorate which, in some countries, may be considered to be beyond the Ph.D. and equal to the Doctor of Science (Sc.D. or D.Sc.). It is awarded in many countries by universities and learned bodies. It is given in recognition of achievement in the humanities, original contribution to the creative arts or scholarship and other merits. Cambridge University requires a candidate to "give proof of distinction by some original contribution to the advancement of science or of learning." When awarded without an application by the conferee, it is awarded as an honorary degree. A Doctor of Letters is a commonly awarded honorary degree.

Dodge Caliber

The Dodge Caliber was a compact hatchback that was sold from 2006 to 2012 by Chrysler. It was often categorized as a station wagon or a crossover (due to its limited AWD). The Caliber was the replacement of the Dodge Neon. It was built on the Chrysler PM/MK platform which was also used on the Jeep Compass, Jeep Patriot, and Mitsubishi models as well. The Caliber was discontinued in 2012 and replaced by the Dodge Dart, which was a badge engineered sedan used on Alfa Romeo models.

Anne-Marie Lizin

Anne-Marie Lizin (5 January 1949 – 17 October 2015) was a Belgian politician. He served as the President of the Senate of Belgium from 2004 to 2007.

From 1970 to 1976 she was an alderman of Ben-Ahin, and from 1980 to 1982 from Huy. From 1983 to 2009 she was mayor of Huy.

In 1979, Lizin was elected as an elected Member of the European Parliament. In 1988, she was elected into the Belgian government, and served in office for eight years. In 2003, she became President of the Commission for External Relations and Defence of the Belgian Senate.

In 2004, she was appointed President of the Senate of Belgium, before finally becoming Senator in July 2007. She was the first female President of the Belgian Senate (2004–2007).

On 27 January 2009 she was banned from the Socialist Party after a corruption case.

Lizin was hospitalized in Paris on 7 October 2015. She later died in Huy, on 17 October 2015 at the age of 66.


Ralph Andrews

Ralph Herrick Andrews (December 17, 1927 – October 16, 2015) was an American television producer. He was best known for producing the hit 1960s game show "You Don't Say!", the 1970s game show "Celebrity Sweepstakes", and the original 1987 version of "Lingo".

On October 16, 2015, Andrews died of Alzheimer's disease in Ventura, California at the age of 87.

Neill Sheridan

Neill Rawlins Sheridan (November 20, 1921 – October 15, 2015), also called Wild Horse was an American professional baseball player. He was born in Sacramento, California and played in the minor leagues from 1943 to 1954. Sheridan played for the Boston Red Sox in 1948.

Sheridan died of pneumonia in Antioch, California, aged 93.


Mike Pompeo

Michael Richard Pompeo (born December 30, 1963) is an American politician. Pompeo was the 70th United States Secretary of State, serving from April 2018 to January 2021. He was the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency from January 2017 to April 2018. He has been the U.S. Representative for from 2011 through 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party. He has also served as a Kansas representative on the Republican National Committee.

On November 18, 2016, he was selected by President-elect Donald Trump to be Trump's nominee for Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. The United States senate confirmed his nomination and he assumed office on January 23, 2017. On March 13, 2018, Trump announced his intention to nominate Pompeo as the new United States Secretary of State, succeeding Rex Tillerson after March 31, 2018. On April 26, 2018, Pompeo was confirmed by the Senate in a 57–42 vote, and was sworn in the same day.

Pompeo was born in Orange, California in 1963. On his father's side, his ancestors include Italian immigrants.

He attended the U.S. Military Academy at West Point where he majored in Mechanical Engineering, graduating first in his class in 1986 and serving in the Regular Army as an Armor Branch cavalry officer from 1986 to 1991. He received his J.D. from Harvard Law School, where he was an editor of the Harvard Law Review.

In the 2010 Kansas Republican primary for the 4th District Congressional seat, Pompeo defeated State Senator Jean Schodorf (who received 24%), Wichita businessman Wink Hartman (who received 23%), and small business owner Jim Anderson (who received 13%). In the general election, Pompeo defeated Democratic nominee State Representative Raj Goyle. Pompeo received 59% of the vote (117,171 votes), to 36% for Goyle (71,866).

Pompeo has been on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the following 3 subcommittees: the Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade, the Subcommittee on Energy and Power, and the Subcommittee on the CIA. He is also on the House Select Committee on the Events Surrounding the 2012 Terrorist Attack in Benghazi.

On November 18, 2016, President Trump announced that he would nominate Pompeo to be the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency.

On January 23, 2017, the United States senate approved of Pompeo's nomination and soon afterwards assumed the position of CIA Director replacing John O. Brennan.

On March 13, 2018, President Trump fired Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and nominated Pompeo to replace him.

During Easter weekend 2018, Pompeo visited North Korea and met with Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un to discuss the 2018 North Korea–United States summit between Kim and Donald Trump.

Pompeo was confirmed by the United States Senate on April 26, 2018 and sworn-in the next day by United States Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito.

In May 2018, Donald Trump greeted three American detainees that were released by Kim Jong-Un while Pompeo brought them back to the United States from North Korea. The next day, Trump announced on Twitter that he will meet Kim on June 12, 2018 in Singapore for peace talks.

Pompeo is married to Susan Pompeo. They have one child together. They live in Wichita, Kansas.


Luciano García Alén

Luciano García Alén (1928 – 16 October 2015) was a Spanish physician, researcher and ethnographer. He was known for studying the Galician culture. He was born in Pontevedra, Galicia, Spain.

Alén died in Santiago de Compostela, Galicia, Spain, aged 87.

Sergei Filippenkov

Sergei Aleksandrovich Filippenkov (; 2 August 1971 – 15 October 2015) was a Russian football manager and player.

Filippenkov died of a heart attack during a friendly match between former players on 15 October 2015.

Francesc de Paula Burguera

Francesc de Paula Burguera i Escrivà (13 July 1928 – 16 October 2015) was a Spanish journalist and politician. He was born in Sueca, Valencia. Burguera served in the Congress of Deputies from 1977 to 1979, representing his hometown district. He was awarded the Creu de Sant Jordi in 1999.

Burguera died of heart failure in Valencia, Spain, aged 87.

Pontevedra

Pontevedra () is a Spanish city in the north-west of the Iberian Peninsula. It is the capital of both the "Comarca" (County) and Province of Pontevedra, and of the Rias Baixas in Galicia. As of 2014, the population was 82,946.


Larry N. Vanderhoef

Larry Neil Vanderhoef (March 20, 1941 – October 15, 2015) was an American biochemist and academic. He was the 5th chancellor of University of California, Davis serving from 1994 through 2009. He was born in Perham, Minnesota.

Vanderhoef died on October 15, 2015 from complications of a stroke in Davis, California, aged 74.

MV Derbyshire

The MV "Derbyshire" was an ore-bulk-oil combination carrier. It was built in 1976. It was the last in the series of the "Bridge"-class ships. It was registered at Liverpool. It was owned by Bibby Line.

The ship was lost on 9 September 1980 during Typhoon Orchid. All 42 crew members and two of their wives were killed during the sinking. 

"Derbyshire" was launched in 1975. It went into service the following year.

Jordi Miralles

Jordi Miralles i Conte (27 April 1962 – 14 October 2015) was a Spanish politician. He was born in Barcelona. He represented the district in the Parliament of Catalonia from 2003 to 2012. He was a member of the United and Alternative Left.

Miralles died in Bellvitge, Spain of meningitis, aged 53.

Phil Lesh

Phillip Chapman Lesh (born March 15, 1940) is an American musician. He was one of the founding members of the Grateful Dead, with whom he played bass guitar throughout their 30-year career. After the band's disbanding in 1995, Lesh continued the tradition of Grateful Dead family music with side project Phil Lesh and Friends.

In October 2015, Lesh revealed that he had undergone surgery as treatment for bladder cancer. He stated that his prognosis was good and that he expected to make a full recovery.


Non-denominational Muslim

Non-denominational Muslims (), also known as non-sectarian Muslims, are Muslims who do not belong to, do not self-identify with, or cannot be readily classified under one of the identifiable Islamic schools and branches. Such Muslims do not think of themselves as belonging to a denomination but rather as "just Muslims" or "non-denominational Muslims." Unlike Sunnis, Shias, and Ibadis, non-denominational Muslims are not affiliated with any school of thought (madhhab).
While the majority of the population in the Middle East identify as either Sunni or Shi'a, a significant number of Muslims identify as non-denominational. According to a 2012 study by the Pew Research Center, Muslims who do not identify with a sect and identify as "just Muslim" make up a majority of the Muslims in eight countries: Kazakhstan (74%), Albania (65%), Kyrgyzstan (64%), Kosovo (58%), Indonesia (56%), Mali (55%), Bosnia and Herzegovina (54%), Uzbekistan (54%), and a plurality in four countries: Azerbaijan (45%), Russia (45%), Nigeria (42%), and Cameroon (40%). They are found primarily in Central Asia. Kazakhstan has the largest proportion of Muslims who do not identify with a sect, who constitute about 74% of the Muslim population. According to "WorldAtlas", 30% of Moroccans are non-denominational Muslims, while two-thirds belong to the Sunni denomination. Southeastern Europe also has a large number of Muslims who do not identify with a sect.

Public good

In Economics, a public good is a kind of common good. Public goods have two main properties:
Examples for public goods are fresh air, knowledge, street lighting, or a fireworks display.

Public goods are an example of market failure: If all actors maximize their gain, this does not produce an efficient solution. 

It is obvious that because the goods are non-excludable, it means that a producer sees no benefit in producing or providing the good on the market, this is because it is impossible to make a profit from it as people who have not paid for the good. For this reason, the government may intervene to provide it. There are relatively few examples of "purely" public goods, however some examples are:

The reason that the government feels the need to provide these goods is because the Marginal Social Benefit is greater than the Marginal Private Benefit, and so because there are positive externalities in consumption, it will always be under consumed in the market mechanism,

Common good (economics)

In Economics common goods are a kind of good. Common goods have two properties:
An example for a common good is wild fish.


Corona

A corona is an aura of plasma which surrounds the sun and other stars. The Sun's corona extends millions of kilometres into space and is most easily seen during a total solar eclipse. It is also observable with a device called a coronagraph. The word "corona" is a Latin word meaning "crown", from the Ancient Greek κορώνη (korōnē, “garland, wreath”).

The Sun's corona is much hotter (by a factor from 150 to 450) than the visible surface of the Sun. The photosphere's average temperature is 5800 kelvin compared to the corona's one to three million kelvin. The corona is 10 times as dense as the photosphere, and so produces about one-millionth as much visible light. The corona is separated from the photosphere by the relatively shallow chromosphere. The exact mechanism by which the corona is heated is still the subject of some debate. The outer edges of the Sun's corona are constantly being blown away by the open magnetic flux generating the solar wind.

Motal

Motol (, , , ) also Motal, is a township in Ivanava Raion of Brest Region of Belarus. It is located about west of Pinsk, on the Yaselda River.


Oulad Ziane

Oulad Ziane is a Bedouin tribe of Banu Hilal group. It was installed in the south of Casablanca by the Almohad caliphs. It was divided into two parts: Moualine el Oued and Moualine Deroua.

Henriette Reker

Henriette Reker (born 9 December 1956 in Cologne) is a German lawyer and independent politician, elected mayor of Cologne in 2015.

She served as deputy mayor of Gelsenkirchen since 2000. In 2010 she was appointed a mayoral deputy for social affairs, integration and the environment of the city of Cologne. Supported by CDU, FDP and The Greens she is running for the office of the Mayor of Cologne.

At a public event on 17 October 2015, the day before the mayoral elections, she was seriously wounded when a 44-year old man stabbed her in the neck with a knife, while shouting against refugees. A day after the attack, Reker was elected mayor of Cologne after gaining 52.66% of the votes. She is the first female mayor elected in Cologne's history.

Gamal El-Ghitani

Gamal el-Ghitani, (9 May 1945 – 18 October 2015) was an Egyptian author of historical and political novels and cultural and political commentaries. He was the editor-in-chief of the literary periodical "Akhbar Al-Adab" ("Cultural News") from 2011 until his death in 2015.

He died on 18 October 2015 at the El Galaa Hospital For Armed Forces Officers Families in Cairo from a heart attack, aged 70.

Carrie (2002 movie)

Carrie is a 2002 NBC television movie and remake of the movie Carrie based on the best-selling novel by Stephen King. The movie was a backdoor pilot for a possible television series and the ending of the novel was changed to allow for a continuing series; but no followup series was ever produced. Carrie was remade again in 2013.


Northwestern State University

Northwestern State University of Louisiana also known as (NSULA) is a college in Natchitoches, Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Murfreesboro, Tennessee

Murfreesboro is a city in the U.S. state of Tennessee.

Famous people from there, includes Chris Young (country singer-songwriter, born 1985).

Washington, Arkansas

Washington is a city in the U.S. state of Arkansas.

Donaldsonville, Louisiana

Donaldsonville is a city in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Tākaka

Takaka is a small town on the South Island of New Zealand. It is the main town in the Tasman District.

Morgan Rielly

Morgan Frederick Rielly (born March 9, 1994) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was born in West Vancouver, British Columbia and grew up in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Before playing in the NHL, Rielly played parts of 3 seasons with the Moose Jaw Warriors of the Western Hockey League (WHL). In the 2010–11 WHL season, Rielly recorded 28 points in 65 games played. He missed most of the 2011–12 season because of a torn anterior cruciate ligament. He returned to the team during the end of their playoff run against the Edmonton Oil Kings. Even though Rielly missed most of the season, he was still able to finish ranked fifth in the North American skaters category by the Central Scouting Bureau.

He was drafted 5th overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft. Rielly was able to keep a spot on the Maple Leafs roster at the start of the 2013–14 NHL season. On October 5, 2013, Rielly made his NHL debut in a 5–4 shootout win against the Ottawa Senators. On December 16, 2013, he scored his first NHL goal against Marc-André Fleury of the Pittsburgh Penguins in a 3–1 loss.

Wallace

Wallace may refer to:
Given name

Surname


Shawn Mendes

Shawn Peter Raul Mendes (born August 8, 1998) is a Canadian singer-songwriter and model. He became known in 2013, when he began posting cover versions of songs by artists such as Justin Bieber on the video sharing app Vine. In 2014, he signed a recording contract with Island Records.

Mendes released his first single, "Life of the Party". The song peaked at number 1 on the real-time "Billboard" Twitter Trending 140 chart. Mendes also released a four-track EP, "The Shawn Mendes EP". It charted at number 5 on the "Billboard" charts.

He is known for the songs "Life Of The Party", "Stitches" (his biggest hit and a UK number-one), and "Treat You Better", "There's Nothing Holding Me Back",“In My Blood”, “If I Can’t Have You” and most recently “Senorita” with camila cabello . 

Mendes has now had two world tours for his albums Handwritten and Illuminate and is very commonly known all over the world.

He went on his third world tour for his new self-titled album "Shawn Mendes". The tour started March 7, 2019 and finished in December 21, 2019.

He is also a very talented photographer as he had photographed a photo of Josiah Van Dien, which was released on Tuesday 26th February 2019, he most likely had taken the photo for fun. Mendes has his own fragrance and was recently in a movie called "Lyle, Lyle, Crocodile". He has also recently been seen with American actress Sabrina Carpenter. Mendes maintains homes in Los Angeles, California and Toronto, Canada.

Mdakra

Mdakra is a Bedouin tribe of Banu Hilal group. It was installed in Morocco in the Merinid area and consisted of Ahlaf and Melilla.

Benedetta Cappa

Benedetta Cappa (14 August 1897 – 15 May 1977) was an Italian futurist artist. She had exhibitions at the Walker Art Center and the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum. 

Cappa was born on 14 August 1897 in Rome, Italy. She became very interested in Futurism while studying under one of the movement's leading figures, Giacomo Balla, in Rome in 1917. She married Filippo Tommaso Marinetti in 1923 and they had three daughters: Vittoria, Ala and Luce. Cappa, now using her married name Benedetta Cappa Marinetti, was the first woman artist to have her work featured in the 1930 Biennale catalog. This was a large-scale art exhibition held every two years. In 1932 she presented seven paintings at the Venice Biennale. She exhibited at the Petit Palais in Paris in 1935 and the national art exhibition in Rome the same year. She was a leading artist in the Futurism movement. 

Cappa died on 15 May 1977 in Venice, Italy at age 79.

Harriet Sylvia Ann Howland Green Wilks

Henrietta Sylvia Ann Howland Green Wilks (January 7, 1871 – February 5, 1951) was one of the wealthiest women in the United States.

Green was born in Hoboken, New Jersey on January 7, 1871. Her parents were Henrietta Howland Robinson and Edward Henry Green. Her brother was Edward Howland Robinson Green (1868–1936). She married Matthew Astor Wilks (1844–1926), great grandson of America's first millionaire, John Jacob Astor. They were married in Morristown, New Jersey February 23, 1909; she was 32 and he was 63. When her brother died in 1935, she inherited his estate, rather than the estate going to his widow.

She died on February 5, 1951 leaving an estate of $94,965,229 ($443 million in 2007 dollars). The list of assets included 36 pages of bonds, eight pages of blue chip stocks, and $31 million in a non-interest bearing checking account. Her will was found in a tin cabinet with four bars of soap. She gave just $5,000 to her closest genetic relative, a cousin, but the court awarded her $140,000 during probate. The rest was divided between 63 charities and educational institutions.

Tom Smith (Pennsylvania politician)

Thomas Joel "Tom" Smith (October 20, 1947 – October 17, 2015) was an American Republican politician, farmer and businessman.

He was first a Democrat for four years before becoming a politician. Smith switched parties in 2011 and ran for the United States Senate in 2012 as a Republican, losing to the current Democratic Senator Bob Casey, Jr..

Smith died at his home in Shelocta, Pennsylvania, aged 67.

Ore-bulk-oil carrier

An ore-bulk-oil carrier, also called a combination carrier or OBO, is a ship that carries wet or dry cargo. The idea is to reduce the number of empty voyages in which large ships carry cargo one way and are empty for another.

OBO carriers are today not as common as in the 1970s and 1980s.

One of the most famous OBO carriers is the "Derbyshire". It sank during a typhoon in 1980 in the Pacific.

Ex post facto law

An "ex post facto" law (Latin for "after the fact" or "from after the action") is a law that changes the legal consequences (or status) of actions that were committed before the law went into effect. In criminal law, an "ex post facto" law may criminalize actions that were legal at the time they were committed, or may make a crime worse by bringing it into a more severe category than it was in when it was committed. 

It may make the punishment prescribed for a crime, more severe. It may also add new penalties or it may extend a sentence. It may change the rules of evidence in order to make conviction for a crime likelier than it would have been when the deed was committed. , a form of "ex post facto" law, commonly called an "amnesty law", may certain acts. A pardon has a similar effect in a specific case. Other legal changes may lessen or eliminate possible punishments (for example by replacing the death sentence with lifelong imprisonment) ly. Such legal changes are also known by the Latin term in mitius.

The United States Constitution s "ex post facto" laws. Two clauses in the constitution prohibit "ex post facto". Article 1 Section 9 of the U.S. Constitution states: 'No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law shall be passed,'. Section 10 says: 'No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts; pass any Bill of Attainder, ex post facto Law. . .'

"Ex post facto" laws relate only to criminal laws passed by legislations. It does not apply to civil laws "that affect private rights adversely." In 2003 the US Supreme court noted the difference between civil and penal laws. In the case of Smith v. Doe, the court questioned the constitutionality of the Alaska Sex Offender Registration Act's retroactive requirements. Alaska's Megan's Law was applied to sex offenders before the law went into effect. It required offenders to register with the local police. It also required public notification via the Internet. The court made a legal precedent in deciding the intent of the law was civil and non-punitive. That it was to protect the public saftey by "protecting the public from sex offenders."

The European Parliament prohibits "ex post facto" legislation by all member nations. They determined ""Ex post facto" legislation may also violate citizens’ right to effective legal redress and a fair trial..."

In English law, "ex post facto" laws are very rare. One example was the War Crimes Act 1991 by the Parliament of England. It allowed British citizens to be put on trial for war crimes that took place during World War II.


Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire

Between 1519 and 1521, Spanish conquistadors, led by Hernán Cortés, overthrew the Aztec Empire. This event is called the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire. Cortés helped old enemies of the Aztecs defeat them in one of the most important events in the Spanish colonization of the Americas.

The Spanish conquest was devastating to the Aztec people. By 1680, 94% of the Aztec population had died (due to diseases and viruses). 

In 1515, two of the states in the Aztec Empire rebelled. This was nothing new for the Aztecs. However, this time, the Tlaxcala and Huexotzingo rebels beat the Aztec military.

Then, in April 1519, Spanish conquistadors, led by Cortés, arrived on the coast of Mexico. In August they marched to Tenochtitlan, the capital of the Aztec Empire. At first, Montezuma II, the Aztecs' ruler, invited the Spanish into Tenochtitlan, and things were friendly. Even when the Spanish made Montezuma II a prisoner, the Aztecs stayed friendly.

However, soon, while Cortés was away, Spanish soldiers attacked and killed many Aztecs during a festival. When Cortés got back, he got Montezuma II to tell the Aztecs to stop fighting the conquistadors. By this time, though, the Aztecs had made Montezuma II's brother, Cuauthemoc, the king. Nobody did what Montezuma II said. They kept fighting the conquistadors, and they killed two out of every three Spanish soldiers. In July 1520 the Spanish survivors fled to Tlaxcala, where enemies of the Aztecs protected them.

Ten months later, Cortés came back to Tenochtitlan with more Spanish soldiers but mostly Tlaxcaltecas and other indigenous enemies of the Aztecs. They started a siege of Tenochtitlan, so that no food or supplies could get in. After 91 days, without any food, and with disease throughout the city, Cuauhtemoc finally surrendered to the Spanish on August 13, 1521. The Spanish destroyed Tenochtitlan. They started a Spanish colony that they named New Spain. The Aztec Empire had ended.

There were many different reasons why the Spanish were able to take over the Aztec Empire.
Different weapons were used through the battle to help Cortes overrule the aztecs.
First, their weapons and armor were better than the Aztecs'. Aztec warriors had only cotton armour and shields made of wood or reeds to protect them. The Spanish had metal armor and shields.

For weapons, Aztec warriors had a few choices:

None of these weapons could compare to the conquistadors' guns and steel swords. Their horses and war dogs gave them even more of an advantage against the Aztecs.

As early as 1528, reports have said that Montezuma II thought Hernán Cortés was the Aztec god Quetzalcoatl. Aztec legends said that Quetzalcoatl would return as a man, and Cortés had arrived on Quetzalcoatl's birthday. Aztec writings from the time say that when Montezuma II greeted Cortés, he gave an abdication speech, giving up the Aztec throne to "Quetzalcoatl-Cortés":

As historian David Carrasco explains: Motecuhzoma II is welcoming "Quetzalcoatl-Cortes ... back to his city in order to reoccupy the throne which has been guarded by Montezuma and the other [kings] ... The ancient prophecy has been fulfilled and the returning lord is invited to occupy his throne and visit the palace. There could hardly be a clearer statement of returning the sovereignty to the original king."

Some historians say that the Spanish conquistadors were not the only reason the Aztec Empire fell apart. By 1519, the Empire had other problems that made it easier for Spain to take it over. For example:
Cortes wanted to conquer the aztecs for gold glory and god. 
Because of these things, many people in the Aztec Empire were unhappy. Some of them helped the Spanish conquistadors take over the Empire. Some historians, like Brian Fagan and Nadia Durrani, say that the Empire would have fallen apart even if the Spanish had never come. However, because so many people had died of smallpox, there were also not enough people left to fight against the conquistadors when they did come.

Under Spanish control, the Aztec Empire did not exist any more. The Spanish tried to change the Aztecs into Catholics and make them act like Spanish people. They made it easier to change from Aztec rule to Spanish rule by letting many Aztec nobles become Spanish nobles.

The conquistadors rewarded people who had helped them defeat the Aztecs. Many received an Encomienda, a village full of Aztecs who were forced to work for them. This was not much different from what many serfs had done during the Aztec Empire. However, workers were badly abused, and many died. Because of this, a Spanish bishop named Bartolomé de las Casas suggested using African slaves to work in New Spain instead. Later, when he saw how much worse African slaves were treated, las Casas changed his mind about this.

By 1680, 94% of the Aztec population had died. This happened for a few reasons:

After taking over the Aztec Empire, the Spanish conquistadors moved on to take over other parts of Mesoamerica. During the same 160 years from 1520 to 1680 between 85% and 95% of Mesoamerica's native population died.


Hero (Mariah Carey song)

"Hero" is a song by Mariah Carey. It is from her third album, "Music Box". The song was released on October 19, 1993. It became Carey's eighth number-one song in America. It was the fifth best-performing song of 1994 there. "Hero" is a pop and R&B ballad. Although Carey explained that she was unhappy with the song, she realizes how important the song is to her fans and performs it live at her concerts because of its uplifting message.

Bob Houbregs

Robert J. "Bob" Houbregs (March 12, 1932 – May 28, 2014) was a Canadian professional basketball forward-center. He stood at 6 ft 7 in (2.01 m). Houbregs was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. He played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for the Milwaukee Hawks, Baltimore Bullets, Boston Celtics, and Fort Wayne/Detroit Pistons.

Houbregs played college basketball at the University of Washington with the Huskies. In 1953, he was named NCAA Player of the Year. He was also named as a Consensus All-America selection and helped lead the Huskies to the Final Four.

After retiring in 1958, Houbregs became the general manager of the Seattle SuperSonics. He served as the general manager from 1970 until 1973.

Houbregs was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1987 and into the Canadian Basketball Hall of Fame in 2000.

On May 28, 2014, Houbregs died in Olympia, Washington. He was 82.


Cosham

Cosham is a northern suburb of Portsmouth. Cosham High Street is the main shopping centre, where you will find lots of shops and amenities. There is a police station and fire station close to the high street. Cosham train station is close by and there is a frequent bus service too.

Stuxnet

Stuxnet is cyber weapon and computer worm. It was used to sabotage Iran’s nuclear program with what would seem like a long series of unfortunate accidents. It was first released in 2006. It became known only after the release of the second version. In 2010, an error in the code led the virus to spread outside the test labs and infect computers around the world.

Both the United States and Israel have been accused of developing and releasing Stuxnet. In 2012 the US confirmed that it developed Stuxnet with Israel.

Stuxnet targets PLCs. They control machinery on factory assembly lines, amusement rides, or centrifuges for separating nuclear material. Stuxnet works by targeting machines using the Microsoft Windows operating system and networks. It then looks for Siemens Step7 software. Stuxnet reportedly compromised Iranian PLCs, collecting information on industrial systems and causing the fast-spinning centrifuges to tear themselves apart. Stuxnet reportedly ruined almost one-fifth of Iran's nuclear centrifuges.

Stuxnet is typically introduced to the target environment via an infected USB flash drive. The worm then spreads across the network, scanning for Siemens Step7 software on computers controlling a PLC. If it doesn't find a target, Stuxnet becomes dormant inside the computer.

Stuxnet is special for different reasons:

Even though it targeted PLCs only very few were infected. The software is written to infect a specific set of PLC, with well-defined modules. In the case of a personal computer, it will infect any computer running the right software.

King Kong (character)

King Kong is a giant gorilla monster movie character, resembling a huge gorilla. The character first appeared in the 1933 film "King Kong" and the novel by Delos W. Lovelace. The movie is a classic adventure-fantasy horror monster movie franchise. The film was remade in 1976 and once again in 2005. The character has become one of the world's most famous movie icons. Kong has inspired countless spin-offs, comic books, team ups with other monsters and more. There was even a stage play. His role in the different movies varies, ranging from a rampaging monster to a vegetarian or anti-hero monster who only wants to be left alone. other animated films include, "The Mighty Kong", Kong: King of Atlantis and Kong: Return to the Jungle. television series include, The King Kong Show, Kong: The Animated Series, Kong: King of the Apes, Skull Island: The Series. other influences of those films, Unknown Island (1948), Mighty Joe Young (1949/1998), Konga (1961), Shikari (1963), The Mighty Gorga (1969), Ape (1976), Queen Kong (1976), Goliathon (1977), (1977), King of The Lost World (2005), The Abominable (2007), Bigfoot (2012), Rampage (2018), Konga TNT (2020), Ape Vs. Monster (2021).



Hurricane (Grace Jones album)

Hurricane is the tenth studio album by Jamaican singer Grace Jones. It was released on November 3, 2008. "Hurricane" was her first album of new songs in nineteen years.

Grace Jones' previous album, "Bulletproof Heart", was released in 1989. She tried to make several new albums in the 1990s but they were never released. Jones decided "never to do an album again".


Phonographic Copyright (p) – PIAS / Wall Of Sound Ltd. 
Copyright (c) – Bloodlight Inc. 
Recorded at – Exponential studios 
Recorded at - Microcosm studios 
Recorded at – 2 Kilohertz 
Recorded at – Matrix studios, London 
Mixed at – Strongroom (a division of Air Studios (Lyndhurst) Ltd.) 
Mixed at – Microcosm studios 
Mastered at – Gateway Mastering

"Well Well Well is dedicated to the memory of Alex Sadkin 
The album is dedicated to the memory of my dad, Bishop Robert W. Jones" 


Template (disambiguation)

Template may mean:





Hassan El Fad

Hassan El Fad (born 24 November 1962, in Casablanca) is a Moroccan actor and comedian. He is known for his humor and comedy shows. He has a gift in playing the saxophone. 

His first one-man show was "When I grow up, I'll be a Ninja Turtle (1997)". after the of his first one-man show, he specialized in doing comic serial shows such as; "chaine Ci BiBi/Chanily Tv","Canal 36". In 2008 El fad presented a new one -man show "Doctor Escargot (Doctor Snail).

In 2009, he presented Hassan O Rbato, a show featuring many traditional artists, recorded directly from Jemaa el-Fna square in Marrakech. In 2010, El Fad collaborated with director Abdelhak Chabi to create the series Fad TV, a spoof of sketches in 30 episodes. Hassan is working for the first time with young actors such as Badia Senhaji, Fouad Sad-Allah, Hamid Morchid, Oussama Mahmoud Ghadfi and the Moroccan singer Said Moskir. In 2011, Hassan El Fad collaborated with operator Wana Corporate and created Bayn Show, a series in the form of Quiz TV, which was broadcast on YouTube and then on the 2M channel.






The Ultimate Collection (Grace Jones album)

The Ultimate Collection is a 3 disc CD collection of songs recorded by Jamaican singer Grace Jones. It was released on November 13, 2006 by Universal Music Group.

Disc 1 

Disc 2 

Disc 3 


The Grace Jones Story

The Grace Jones Story is a collection of songs recorded by Jamaican singer Grace Jones, recorded from 1977 to 1993. The collection does not include any tracks from 1985 "Slave to the Rhythm" album due to licensing issues with ZTT Records.

Disc One

Disc Two


The Collection (Grace Jones album)

The Collection is a of songs by Grace Jones. It was released by Universal's sister record label Spectrum in 2004.



The Universal Masters Collection (Grace Jones album)

The Universal Masters Collection is a collection of songs recorded by Jamaican Grace Jones, released in Europe. It mainly features songs from Jones' reggae and R&B albums.



Private Life: The Compass Point Sessions

Private Life: The Compass Point Sessions is a collection of songs by Grace Jones released in 1998 by Island Records. The two disc CD has songs that were recorded during 1980-1982, during Jones' reggae era.

Disc One

Disc Two


X (Chris Brown album)

X is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Chris Brown; it was released on September 16, 2014, by RCA Records.


Credits from AllMusic.


Bleed Like Me

Bleed Like Me is the fourth studio album recorded and produced by alternative rock group Garbage. It was released on April 11, 2005 by Universal Music Group label Geffen in North America and by Warner Bros. Records elsewhere. The group chose a straight rock sound that was like Garbage's live performances.

The first recording sessions for "Bleed Like Me" took place in March 2003. But Garbage quietly split up for four months starting October 2003. They reunited under producer John King in Los Angeles. There was a guest appearance by Dave Grohl on "Bad Boyfriend". Garbage recruited drummer Matt Walker and bassist Justin Meldal-Johnsen for new recording sessions. They completed the album by the end of 2004.

The band received critical praise and high chart positions for its lead single "Why Do You Love Me". "Bleed Like Me" had a strong opening week globally. It debuted in the top five in eight countries, including the United Kingdom, Australia and the United States.

Bob Casey Jr.

Robert Patrick "Bob" Casey, Jr. (born April 13, 1960) is an American attorney and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He serves as the senior United States Senator from Pennsylvania, in office since 2007. He previously served as Pennsylvania Auditor General from 1997 to 2005 and as Pennsylvania Treasurer from 2005 to 2007.

Casey was diagnosed with prostate cancer in January 2023.


Ali Treki

Ali Abdussalam Treki (‎; 1938 – 19 October 2015) was a Libyan diplomat during Muammar Gaddafi's regime. Treki served as one of Libya's top diplomats since the 1970s. 

He was Foreign Minister from 1976 to 1982 and again from 1984 to 1986. He has been Permanent Representative to the United Nations on several occasions. He was the President of the United Nations General Assembly from September 2009 to September 2010.

Treki died in Cairo on 19 October 2015.

VivaColombia

VivaColombia is a low-cost carrier from Colombia. It was founded in 2008 Its first flight was in 2012. Ryanair is the owner of VivaColombia. As of October 2015, VivaColombia flies to 10 cities and has 8 Airbus A320 airplanes.

Cayman Airways

Cayman Airways is the flag carrier of the Cayman Islands. Its main office and largest hub is in Grand Cayman. 

Cayman Airways started flying on August 7, 1968. The airline's first plane was a Douglas DC-3. It's first international charter flight to Miami International Airport was in 1972. In 1978, the airline bought its first jet - the BAC 1-11. As of 2015, Cayman Airways has 5 airplanes.

Indian summer

Indian summer is a period of unusually warm and dry weather. It happens in autumn in the Northern Hemisphere. The United States National Weather Service describes Indian summer as weather conditions which are sunny and clear with higher than usual temperatures. That occurs between late September and the middle of November.

It is not known where the term came from. It may have come from regions inhabited by Native Americans (who used to be called Indians), or because the Native Americans first described it to Europeans. It also may have been based on the warm and hazy conditions in autumn when Native Americans hunted.

Edgefield, Louisiana

Edgefield is a village in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is a rural suburb of Coushatta. It is the least populous municipality in Red River Parish.

Martin, Louisiana

Martin is a village in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the second most populous municipality in Red River Parish (after Coushatta).

Hall Summit, Louisiana

Hall Summit is a village in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the second least populous municipality in Red River Parish (after Edgefield).

White Ship

The White Ship () was a historic ship that sank in the English Channel. It went down near the Normandy coast off Barfleur, on 25 November 1120. Only two of those aboard survived. Those who drowned included William Adelin, the only surviving legitimate son and heir of King Henry I of England. William Adelin's death led to a succession crisis and a chain of events that changed the history of England. 

The "White Ship" was a new ship captained by Thomas FitzStephen. His father Stephen FitzAirard had been captain of the ship "Mora" for William the Conqueror when he invaded England in 1066. FitzStephen offered his ship to Henry I of England to use it to return to England from Barfleur in Normandy. Henry had already made other plans, but allowed many members of his royal court to take the "White Ship." This included his only son, William Adelin. It also included his illegitimate son Richard of Lincoln, his illegitimate daughter Matilda FitzRoy, Countess of Perche and many other nobles. According to the chronicler Orderic Vitalis, the crew asked William Adelin for wine and he supplied it to them in great abundance. By the time the ship was ready to leave there were about 300 people on board although some had left before the ship sailed due to the excessive drinking going on.

The ship's captain, Thomas FitzStephen, was ordered by the revelers to catch up to and pass the king's ship which had already sailed. The "White Ship" was fast, of the best construction and had recently been fitted with new materials. This made the captain and crew certain they could reach England first. But when the ship left in the dark, its port side struck a submerged rock called "Quillebœuf" and the ship quickly sank. William Adelin got into a small boat and could have survived but he turned back to try to save his half-sister, Matilda (Countess of Perche), when he heard her cries for help. His boat filled with water when others tried to get in to save themselves, and William drowned along with them. According to Orderic Vitalis only two survived by clinging to the rock all night. One was a butcher from Rouen, the second was Geoffrey de l'Aigle. The chronicler further claimed that when Thomas FitzStephen came to the surface after the sinking and learned that William Adelin had not survived, he let himself drown rather than face the King.

One legend says that the ship was doomed because priests were not allowed to board it in the customary manner.

A direct result of William Adelin's death was the period known as the Anarchy. The "White Ship" disaster had left Henry I with only one legitimate child, a second daughter named Matilda. Although Henry I had forced his barons to swear an oath to support Matilda as his heir on several occasions, a woman had never ruled in England in her own right. Matilda was also unpopular because she was married to Geoffrey V, Count of Anjou. He was a traditional enemy of England's Norman nobles. Upon Henry's death in 1135, the English barons were not sure they wanted Matilda as queen Regnant. 

One of Henry I's male relatives, Stephen of Blois, the king's nephew by his sister Adela, usurped Matilda as well as his older brothers William and Theobald to become king. Stephen had allegedly planned to travel on the "White Ship" but had left just before it sailed; Orderic Vitalis attributes this to a sudden bout of diarrhoea.

After Henry I's death, Matilda and her husband Geoffrey of Anjou, the founder of the Plantagenet dynasty, started a long and devastating war against Stephen and his allies for control of the English throne. The period called the Anarchy lasted from 1135 to 1153 with devastating effect, especially in southern England.

A historian who lived about that time William of Malmesbury wrote: 


Boat positions

The front of a boat is called the bow, while the rear of a boat is called the stern. When looking towards the bow (while on the boat), the left-hand side of the boat is the port side. Starboard is the corresponding word for the right side of a boat.

Port and starboard are nautical terms for left and right, respectively. Port is the left-hand side of or direction from a vessel, facing forward. Starboard is the right-hand side, facing forward. Since port and starboard never change, they are clear references that do not depend on which way the observer is facing.

The term "starboard" comes from the Old English "steorbord", meaning the side on which the ship is steered. Before ships had rudders on their center-lines, they were steered with a steering oar at the stern of the ship. Because more people are right-handed it was placed on the right-hand side. The term is similar to the Old Norse "stýri" (rudder) and "borð" (side of a ship). Since the steering oar was on the right side of the boat, it would tie up at wharf on the other side. For this reason the left side was called "port". 

Formerly "larboard" was used instead of "port". This is from Middle English "ladebord" and the term "lade" is related to the modern "load". "Larboard" sounded very similar to "starboard" and in 1844 the Royal Navy ordered that "port" be used instead. "Larboard" continued to be used well into the 1850s by whalers. In Old English the word was "bæcbord", which is used in other European languages, for example as the German "backbord" and the French term "bâbord" (derived in turn from Middle Dutch).

At night, the port side of a boat or aircraft is indicated by a red navigation light at the bow. The opposite side of the bow has a green one to help avoid collisions. The "International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea" state that a ship on the left must give way to a ship on its right. If the courses of two boats are intersecting, the helmsman usually gives way to a red light by going around the stern of the stand-on vessel (the vessel that does not need to change course). A saying for this is:

"If to starboard red appear,<br> 
'tis your duty to keep clear...<br> 
Green to green, red to red<br> 
perfect safety, go ahead."


Reasonable doubt

Evidence that is beyond a reasonable doubt is the standard of evidence required to validate a criminal conviction in most adversarial legal systems. Generally, the prosecutor has the burden of proof and is required to prove their case to this standard. This means that the version of events being presented by the prosecution must be proven to the extent that there could be no "reasonable doubt" in the mind of a "reasonable person" that the defendant is guilty. There can still be a doubt, but only to the extent that it would "not" affect a reasonable person's belief regarding whether or not the defendant is guilty. Beyond "the shadow of a doubt" is sometimes used interchangeably with beyond reasonable doubt. But this term extends beyond the latter, to the extent that it may be considered an impossible standard. The term "reasonable doubt" is most commonly used.

If doubt "does" affect a "reasonable person's" belief that the defendant is guilty, then the jury is not satisfied beyond "reasonable doubt". The precise meaning of words such as "reasonable" and "doubt" are usually defined within jurisprudence of the applicable country. A related idea is William Blackstone's formulation: "It is better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer".


List of lakes of Azerbaijan

This is a list of lakes of Azerbaijan.

The list includes only natural lakes. Artificial lakes such as reservoirs are not in this list. The Caspian Sea, which is the largest lake on Earth by both area and volume and which borders Azerbaijan on the east, is also not in this list.

There are around 450 lakes in Azerbaijan. All of them are small in area and volume. There are only 5 lakes with a surface area of more than . Most of these lakes are fresh water, but some of them are salt lakes. Some of these lakes were formed by tectonics, landslides, rivers (oxbow lake), and lagoons. In the mountainous areas, the lakes were formed by tectonics, landslides and glaciers (glacial lake). 

Adversarial system

The adversarial system or adversary system is a legal system used in the common law countries. It is a system where two advocates represent their parties' positions before an impartial person or group of people. This is usually a jury or judge who attempt to determine the truth of the case. It is in contrast to the inquisitorial system used in some civil law systems (i.e. those deriving from Roman law or the Napoleonic code). This is where a judge or group of judges opens an official inquiry and decides the case.

The adversarial system is the two-part system under which criminal law courts operate. On one side is the prosecution who usually represents the government. The other side is the defense who represents the defendant. Each party may call witnesses and ask questions. Each party may present evidence based on legal ethics and that is approved by the court. For example, legal ethics prevent a lawyer from calling a witness they know will lie on the witness stand. Justice is served when the most effective adversary is able to convince the jury or judge that his or her case is the correct one.

France Bučar

France Bučar (2 February 1923 – 21 October 2015) was a Slovenian politician, legal expert and author. From 1990 through 1992, he served as the first chairman of the freely elected Slovenian Parliament. 

He was the one to formally declare independence for Slovenia on June 25, 1991. He was thought to be one of the founding fathers of Slovenian democracy and independence. He was also thought, together with Peter Jambrek, the main author of the current Slovenian constitution.

Michael Meacher

Michael Hugh Meacher (4 November 1939 – 20 October 2015) was a British Labour politician and academic. He was a lecturer in social administration at the University of Essex and the University of York. 

He was a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1970 until his death, originally for Oldham West and then from 1997 for Oldham West and Royton.


Lake Sarysu

Sarysu ( meaning "Yellow Lake") is the largest lake of Azerbaijan. It is located in the Imishli and Sabirabad rayons (districts) of the Kur-Araz Lowland.

Sarysu lake lies next to the Kura River from Imishli Rayon southeast to Sabirabad Rayon. It reaches a total length of . It is one of the four lakes present in the area. The water in the lake is fresh water. The lake inflows from Lake Ağgöl through a canal. It is also filled by groundwater and rain. It outflows to the Kura River. The outflow to Kura is regulated by a water-releasing station in Muradbəyli.


Statute of limitations

Statutes of limitations are laws passed by a legislative body in common law systems that set the maximum time after an event when a lawsuit may be filed. In civil law systems, similar provisions are typically part of their civil or criminal codes and known collectively as "periods of prescription". When the period of time specified in a statute of limitations passes, the statute of limitations provides an absolute defense to the legal claim.

The intention of these laws is to make sure legal cases are brought to trial in a reasonable length of time.

A statute of limitations restricts when a case may be filed, but is not a deadline for the completion of a case. If a case is filed during the period specified in the statute of limitations, the case may be heard and decided by the court even after that period expires.

The statute of limitations is determined by the cause of action, and different causes of action may have different limitations period even within the same state or country. The limitations period may be extended to ensure fairness to the parties, for example, if the person making the claim was a minor at the time the legal claim arose, or if the defendant committed a wrongful act to conceal the legal claim from the injured plaintiff.

Typically the statute of limitations must be raised by the defense after a lawsuit is filed. If the defense does not claim that the legal action is barred by the statute of limitations, a court may find that the defense has been waived and allow a late-filed lawsuit to continue.

When a statute of limitations expires (runs out) in a criminal case, if the defendant or judge raises a statute of limitations defense, the person can no longer be placed on trial for that cause. In many cases the statute of limitations is jurisdictional, so that a defendant can get a dismissal of a charge even if the defense is not raised, but in some cases the defendant risks waiving the statute of limitations defense if it is not raised before conviction.

Mike Kelly (politician)

George Joseph "Mike" Kelly, Jr. (born May 10, 1948), is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He has been the U.S. Representative for since 2011.


Cory Wells

Cory Wells (born Emil Lewandowski; February 5, 1941 – October 20, 2015) was an American singer. He was one of the three lead vocalists in the band Three Dog Night. He was born in Buffalo, New York.

Wells died suddenly in his sleep on October 20, 2015 at his home in Dunkirk, New York. He was 74 years old.

Cause of action

Under the law, a cause of action is a set of facts sufficient to justify a right to sue to obtain money, property, or the enforcement of a right against another party. It means literally the cause or reason why a party can make a legal case under the law. The term also refers to the legal theory upon which a plaintiff brings a lawsuit (such as breach of contract, battery, or false imprisonment). The legal document which carries a claim is often called a Statement of Claim in English law, or a Complaint in U.S. federal practice and in many U.S. states. A complaint identifies the court's jurisdiction, the alleged facts and the relief the plaintiff wants. It can be any communication notifying the party to whom it is addressed of an alleged fault which resulted in damages. This is often expressed in amount of money the receiving party should pay or reimburse.

To pursue a cause of action, a plaintiff pleads or alleges facts in a complaint, the pleading that starts a lawsuit. A cause of action generally includes both the legal theory (the legal wrong the plaintiff claims to have suffered) and the remedy (the relief a court is asked to grant). Often the facts or circumstances that allow a person to seek judicial relief may create multiple causes of action. Although it is fairly easy to file a Statement of Claim in most jurisdictions. If it is not done properly, then the filing party may lose his case due to simple technicalities.

There are a number of specific causes of action, including: contract-based actions, statutory causes of action, torts such as assault, battery, invasion of privacy and fraud. The points a plaintiff must prove to win a given type of case are called the "elements" of that cause of action. For example, for a claim of negligence, the elements are: the (existence of a) duty, breach (of that duty), proximate cause (legal cause), and damages. If a complaint does not allege facts sufficient to support every element of a claim, the court, upon motion by the opposing party, may dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim for which relief can be granted.

The defendant to a cause of action must file an "Answer" to the complaint in which the "claims" can be admitted or denied. The answer may also contain counterclaims in which the "Counterclaim Plaintiff" states its own causes of action. Finally, the answer may contain affirmative defenses. Most defenses must be raised at the first possible opportunity. Either in the answer or by motion or are considered to be waived. 


Narayani Zone

Narayani () was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, in the central south of the country. It was named after the Narayani River on the western border of the zone.

Narayani occupied parts of the Terai, Inner Terai, and Hill regions of Nepal, but it did not cover any of the Mountain or Himalayan region. Narayani was rich in flora and fauna. Narayani River and Rapti River were the main rivers of Narayani zone. Bisharari and Garuda lakes were some of the few lakes in Narayani.

Narayani was divided into five districts:
Narayani is the third largest industrial area of the country.

Some important cities and towns are Birganj, Parwanipur, Jitpur, Alau, Hetauda, Bharatpur, Narayanghat, Kalaiya, and Gaur.


Marion County, Indiana

Marion County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 977,203. The county seat is Indianapolis, the state capital and largest city.



Nederland, Texas

Nederland is a city in Jefferson County, Texas, United States. The population was 18,856 at the 2020 census.

The city was settled in 1897 along what is now Boston Avenue. It was incorporated in 1940. It was settled by Dutch immigrants on land sold by the Kansas City Southern railroad. It is part of the Beaumont−Port Arthur Metropolitan Statistical Area. Nederland is also a part of an area known as "the Golden Triangle," which includes Beaumont, Port Arthur, and Orange. The city is next to the Jack Brooks Regional Airport in Port Arthur, which serves the nearby cities of Beaumont and Port Arthur.

Nederland is located at (29.973113, -93.996715).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which, of it is land and 2.1% is water.

It is about east of Houston.

Nederland was founded in 1897 by Dutch settlers as a repayment for financial services of Dutch bankers who financed the Kansas City Southern railroad line that runs through the center of the city.

Nederland's early economy was driven by rice and dairy farming. However, the depression of 1907 and overproduction caused the rice industry in the town to fail.

The City of Nederland completed a new $1.3 million City Hall building at 207 N. 12th street in September 2013. The previously City Hall was shared with Police and Fire services and received a $3.6 million upgrade for Police and Fire services only and is the Homer E. Nagel Public Safety Complex. The safety complex was completed in August 2014.

Nederland has a council-manager system of government.

Frank Watkins

Frank Watkins (February 19, 1968 – October 18, 2015) was an American heavy metal musician. He was the bass player for the death metal band Obituary. He also played for the Norwegian black metal band Gorgoroth from 2007 until he died in 2015. His stage name was "Bøddel" while with Gorgoroth.

He started playing music when he was 12 years old. He joined Obituary in 1989. Other than music, Watkins decided to form a management company called Back From the Dead Productions which tried to help bands create a positive career in the music business. Watkins joined Gorgoroth in December 2007. He debuted with Gorgoroth at the Hole in the Sky festival on August 29, 2009.

In 2012, Watkins was diagnosed with primary central nervous system lymphoma. On October 18, 2015, Watkins died of that cancer.

Disney Television Animation

Disney Television Animation (DTVA) is the television animation production arm of the Disney Channels Worldwide. It creates, develops, and produces animated television series, films, specials and other projects. The Proud Family Louder and Prouder

This part of the company was started in 1984, as the Walt Disney Pictures Television Animation Group. This was part of a reorganization of The Walt Disney Company after Michael Eisner became CEO. The name was changed twice before 2011, when it became Disney Television Animation. 


East of England (European Parliament constituency)

East of England was a constituency of the European Parliament. It currently elects 7 MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party-list proportional representation.

The constituency was in-charge to the East of England region of the United Kingdom, comprising the ceremonial counties of Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Norfolk and Suffolk.

It was formed as a result of the European Parliamentary Elections Act 1999, replacing a number of single-member constituencies.

French Americans

French Americans (French: "Américain français"), also called Franco-Americans (French: "Franco-Américains") are Americans who identify themselves to be of French or French Canadian descent. About 11.8 million U.S. residents are of French or French Canadian descent. About 2 million speak French at home. An additional 750,000 U.S. residents speak a French-based creole language, according to the 2011 census.

Americans of French descent make up a substantial percentage of the American population. However French Americans are less visible than other similarly sized ethnic groups. This is due in part to the high degree of assimilation among Huguenot (French Protestant) settlers. Also, there is a tendency of French American groups to identify more strongly with "New World" regional identities. These include Québécois, French Canadian, Acadian, Cajun, or Louisiana Creole. This has prevented the development of a wider French American identity.


Toni Brunner

Toni Brunner (born 23 August 1974) is a Swiss politician. He is a member of the Swiss National Council. He was born in Wattwil.

Sand Hills, South Brunswick, New Jersey

Sand Hills, South Brunswick, New Jersey is a neighborhood of South Brunswick, New Jersey.

South Brunswick, New Jersey

South Brunswick, New Jersey is a township of New Jersey.

South Brunswick Township was created by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 21, 1798. In the 18th and 19th centuries, the community was mostly agricultural. It was named after the city of Braunschweig (called "Brunswick" in the Low German language), in the state of Lower Saxony, in Germany.

According to the United States Census Bureau, in 2020, South Brunswick had a total area of 41.02 square miles (106.23 km). This included 40.61 square miles (105.19 km) of land and 0.40 square miles (1.04 km) of water (0.95%).

Unincorporated areas in South Brunswick Township include:

At the 2020 United States Census, there were 47,043 people living in South Brunswick.

South Brunswick hosts U.S. Route 1, U.S. Route 130, , , and Interstate 95 (the New Jersey Turnpike).

List of people from New Hampshire

The following are people who were born, raised, or who gained significant prominence for living in U.S. state of New Hampshire:







List of people from Nevada

Following is a list of notable people who were born in, raised in, or have lived for a significant period of time in the U.S. state of Nevada.







List of people from New York

The following is a list of prominent people who were born in the U.S. state of New York, lived in New York, or for whom New York is a significant part of their identity.
















List of people from Ohio

The following is a list of famous people born in Ohio, and people who spent significant periods of their lives living in Ohio.





Robert L. Neal. Dayton Ohio Black Artist/Painter























Lake County

Lake County may refer to:


It is the name of twelve counties in the United States of America:


Mini Estadi

The Mini Estadi (English: Mini Stadium) is the home stadium of FC Barcelona B, officially named "Miniestadi", the reserve team of FC Barcelona. It is in Barcelona, Spain. It can hold 15,276 people. It also hosts games for the FC Barcelona women's team.


Criminal procedure

Criminal procedure refers to the rules that determine how the courts will process a criminal trial. While criminal procedure differs by jurisdiction, the process generally begins with a formal criminal charge and results in the or acquittal of the defendant.

Many countries have a democratic system and use the rule of law. There are a number of common principles. In a criminal case the burden of proof is on the prosecution. That means it is up to the prosecution to prove that the defendant is guilty beyond any reasonable doubt. This is opposed to having the defendant prove he or she is innocent. It also means any doubt is resolved in favor of the defendant. This provision is known as the presumption of innocence. If charged with a felony, defendants have the following basic rights: 



Jamesburg, New Jersey

Jamesburg is a borough in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 5,783.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the borough has a total area of 0.883 square miles (2.289 km).

South Amboy, New Jersey

South Amboy, New Jersey is a city on the right bank of the Raritan River in Middlesex County, New Jersey.

South Plainfield, New Jersey

South Plainfield, New Jersey is a borough of New Jersey.

Lake Balboa, Los Angeles

Lake Balboa, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.


List of people from Santa Monica, California

This is a list of people from Santa Monica, California.


West Los Angeles

West Los Angeles is a district in the Westside region of Los Angeles County, California.

I'm a Believer

"I'm a Believer" is a ballad. It was composed by Neil Diamond. It was recorded by The Monkees in 1966. The single hit #1 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. It remained there for seven weeks.

Smash Mouth and Eddie Murphy did covers of the song in 2001. In 1985, singer Barbara Mandrell did her version.

Garfield (character)

Garfield is a fictional cartoon cat created in 1978 by Jim Davis. He is known for his love of lasagna and sleeping, and his dislike of Mondays and diets. He lives with his best friend, Odie, and Jon, his owner. In 2004, A live-action adaptation of Garfield was released in cinemas. An animated Garfield movie, starring Chris Pratt, is coming in 2024. Garfield is one of the most famous animated characters of all time and makes over $1 billion dollars annually from merchandise.

Garfield was born on June 19, 1978. His first owner, Mamma Leoni, got rid of him because of his appetite. From the moment he was born, he has loved lasagna. In almost every cartoon appearance, Garfield causes mischief. He did that in almost every episode of "Garfield and Friends" (1988-1995).

Garfield was named after Jim Davis' grandfather, James Garfield Davis, who in turn was named after US President James A. Garfield.

Insanity defense

In criminal trials, the insanity defense is the claim that the defendant is not responsible for his or her actions due to a mental illness. People who have been determined to be insane have been exempt from full criminal punishment since the Code of Hammurabi. There are different definitions of legal insanity in different jurisdictions. A finding of insanity usually results in the defendant being confined in a mental health facility instead of a prison. The first to use this defense was Daniel Sickles when he killed his wife's lover Francis Barton Key (son of Francis Scott Key) in 1859.

In the United Kingdom, Ireland, and the United States, use of the insanity defense is rare. However, insanity pleas have steadily increased in the UK. Mitigating factors, including things not eligible for the insanity defense like intoxication (or, more frequently, diminished capacity), may lead to reduced charges or reduced sentences. 

The question of who bears the burden of proof is an issue in the United States. Before the John Hinckley, Jr. trial the burden of proof rested with the government in most states. Afterwards many of these states required the defense to prove the defendant was legally insane. Where the state still bears the burden of proof, the standard for the prosecution is beyond a reasonable doubt. Where the defense bears the burden, the standard is preponderance of the evidence (a lower standard).

The insanity defense is based on evaluations by forensic mental health professionals with the appropriate test according to the jurisdiction. Their testimony guides the jury (or judge in a bench trial). But they may not testify to the defendant's criminal responsibility. This is for the jury or judge to decide. Mental health experts may testify as to whether at the time of the crime the defendant understood what he did was wrong. If the defendant were acting under a delusion at the time and could still determine right from wrong, he is not insane and may be punished. 


List of Canadian actors

This is an alphabetical list of notable Canadian actors.

Harbor City, Los Angeles

Harbor City, Los Angeles is a neighborhood of Los Angeles.

Alfredo di Stéfano Stadium

The Alfredo di Stéfano Stadium is the stadium of Real Madrid Castilla. They are the reserve team of Real Madrid. It was built in 2006. It has a capacity of 9,000. Future expansions are planning it to be able to seat 24,000. The stadium is named after club legend Alfredo di Stéfano. There is a statue of him at the entrance, created by Pedro Montes.


Arbitration

Arbitration, a form of alternative dispute resolution (ADR), is a way of resolving disputes outside the courts. Litigation can be expensive, time-consuming and unpredictable. With arbitration the parties to a dispute agree to have the disagreement decided by a neutral third party. More often this is a panel of three arbitrators. Each party suggests one, then both arbitrators agree on a third arbitrator. The decision is the result of a majority vote.

Arbitration includes an agreement in advance by both parties to comply with the decision of the arbitrator(s). The process includes a hearing in which both parties may be heard. The arbitrator(s) reviews the evidence in the case and makes a decision. One that is legally binding on both sides and enforceable in the courts.

Another form of alternative dispute resolution is mediation. Mediation and arbitration both use neutral third parties. For that reason they are sometimes confused. One difference is that a mediator does not make any decisions. Instead the mediator works towards getting both parties to agree. Unlike Arbitration, there is usually only one mediator. Another difference is that mediation is usually non-binding. Mediation is used more often in smaller disputes or when the matter is kept confidential. In some jurisdictions, mediation is required before a case can come to court. 


Algebraic topology

Algebraic topology is a branch of mathematics that uses tools from abstract algebra to study topological spaces. Algebraic topology can be used in a number of other fields such as physics, branches of geometry and number theory.

Algebraic topology can be used to count "holes" in a shape: for example, a wedding ring and a hollow pipe both have one hole, but a figure-8 has two. This can also be done in different dimensions; a hollow sphere has a kind of "2-dimensional" hole.

Kazimierz Łaski

Kazimierz Łaski (December 15, 1921 – October 20, 2015) was a Polish-Austrian economist. He was one of the most famous representatives of Post-Keynesian economics in Austria. He was born in Warsaw, Poland. 

Łaski died in Vienna, Austria at the age of 93.


Marty Ingels

Martin Ingerman (March 9, 1936 – October 21, 2015), known professionally as Marty Ingels, was an American actor, comedian, comedy, sketch writer, theatrical agent. He was known for his role in the 1960s television series" I'm Dickens, He's Fenster". He also voiced many cartoon characters and commercials, such as Pac-Man in the Hanna-Barbera cartoon of the same name.

Ingels was born in Brooklyn, New York City. He began his career in 1958. He was previously married to Jean Marie Frassinxlli from 1964 until their divorce in 1966. He then married actress Shirley Jones in 1977. Ingels died from a massive stroke at Tarzana Medical Center in Tarzana, Los Angeles, on October 21, 2015, at the age of 79.


Mark Murphy

Mark Murphy (March 14, 1932 – October 22, 2015) was an American jazz singer. He was born in Syracuse, New York, but spent most of his life in New Jersey. 

He was won the 1996, 1997, 2000, and 2001 "Down Beat" magazine readers jazz poll for Best Male Vocalist of the Year. During his career, he had six Grammy award nominations for Best Vocal Jazz Performance. He was also known for his original lyrics to the jazz classics "Stolen Moments" and "Red Clay".

Murphy died on October 22, 2015 in Englewood, New Jersey, aged 83.


Willem Aantjes

Willem "Wim" Aantjes (; 16 January 1923 – 22 October 2015) was a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He served as a Member of the House of Representatives from 26 May 1959 until 7 November 1978.

During World War II Aantjes became a member of the Germanic SS in order to escape forced labor. However, he refused participating in SS activities and was therefore imprisoned in a prison camp.

During his early political career, he was a member for the Anti-Revolutionary Party (ARP) and from 1977 as a dual member for the CDA. He served as the Parliamentary leader of the Anti-Revolutionary Party in the House of Representatives from 22 June 1971 until 30 November 1972 when Barend Biesheuvel the Party leader of the Anti-Revolutionary Party served as Prime Minister.

He served again as the Parliamentary leader from 19 December 1977 until 7 November 1978 when he resigned both his positions because of relevations of what happened in World War II.

Aantjes died in Utrecht, Netherlands at the age of 92.


Marshawn Lynch

Marshawn Lynch (born April 22, 1986) is an American football running back. He played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Buffalo Bills and Seattle Seahawks. He was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the first round of the 2007 NFL Draft. His aggressive running style has earned him the name "Beast Mode".

Marshawn grew up in Oakland, California with his three siblings and his mother. His mother had to work multiple jobs in order to keep the family moving. Lynch's family had a history of being athletes, such as his mother, who had been a very good sprinter at the high school that Marshawn was attending at the time (Oakland Technical High School). Lynch played many different positions during high school, including Defensive Back, Quarterback, Wide Receiver, and Linebacker.


Mario Beccaria

Mario Beccaria (18 June 1920 – 22 November 2003) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Christian Democracy Party. He served as mayor of his city and as member of the Chamber of Deputies.

Beccaria died on 22 November 2003, aged 83. In Sant'Angelo Lodigiano it has been dedicated a street to him.

Hurricane Patricia

Hurricane Patricia of 2015 was the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Western Hemisphere. The storm was headed for western Mexico. Its winds grew to Category 5 level and reached 215 mph. 

Patricia had the highest hurricane winds since Hurricane Linda in 1997.

On April 25, 2016, the name "Patricia" was retired and replaced with "Pamela".

Typhoon Vera

Typhoon Vera, also called the Isewan Typhoon, was a super typhoon that struck Japan in September 1959. It was the strongest and deadliest typhoon ever in the country. It was also a severe setback to the Japanese economy (Japan was still recovering from World War II). Vera's wind speed was . 

It was given the name "Vera" by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center. It caused extensive damage to Ise Bay ("Isewan" in Japanese) which is why it is called the Isewan Typhoon in Japan. Overall damage from the storm was ¥600 million. More than 5,000 people lost their lives in the typhoon.

Ricardo Dolz y Arango

Ricardo Dolz y Arango (January 3, 1861 - July 5, 1937‏) was the rector of and a member of the World Court. 

He was born on January 3, 1861 to Juan Norberto Dolz y Guzman and María de la Luz Arango Molina. He was the rector of University of Havana and a member of the World Court in The Hague, Netherlands. He died on July 5, 1937 of a heart attack at his home in Havana, Cuba, at the age of 76.

Damages

In law, damages are an award, usually of money. It is to be paid to a person as compensation for loss or injury. The rules for damages can and frequently do vary based on the type of claim which is presented (e.g., breach of contract versus a tort claim) and the jurisdiction. Damages are not the same as court costs which includes the costs to bring a legal case to court. The losing party may also have to pay court costs.

In common law countries, damages are usually categorized into compensatory (or actual) damages, and punitive damages. Compensatory damages are further categorized into special damages and general damages. Special damages include economic losses such as loss of earnings, property damage and medical expenses. General damages are noneconomic damages such as pain and suffering and emotional distress. Statutory damages are those required by statute.

Compensatory damages are paid to compensate the claimant for loss, injury, or harm suffered as a result of another's negligence (tort law). Expectation damages are used in contract law. In civil law countries, these are called "ordinary damages" and may be limited to actual loss.

Generally, punitive damages, which are also termed "exemplary damages" in the United Kingdom, are not awarded in order to compensate the plaintiff, but in order to reform or deter the defendant. They are also to intended to be an example to others not to do the same thing. Punitive damages are awarded when it is determined that compensatory damages are not enough. Punitive damages are awarded over and above the amount of compensatory damages, such as in the event of malice or intent. Great judicial restraint is expected to be exercised in their use. In the United States punitive damages awards are subject to the limitations imposed by the due process of law clauses of the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution.

Punitive damages in most civil law countries are not awarded. 

Statutory damages are an amount stated within the statute rather than calculated based on the degree of harm to the plaintiff. Lawmakers will provide for statutory damages for acts in which it is difficult to determine the value of the harm to the victim. Someone breaking the law can entitle the victim to a statutory award. This is even if no actual injury happened. 

For example, United States Civil Code 18 USC §§2520 provides for statutory damages to victims of various wiretapping offenses.

Equity (law)

In common law countries equity is based on a judiciary assessment of fairness. It is what is often what is considered fair and right under natural law. It is used when the laws themselves do not address an issue or are inadequate in some way. Examples of equity decisions include imposing a lien, correcting a property line or ordering someone to do something to prevent damage.

Common law in England can be traced back to the Norman conquest. The laws, such as they were then, did not address every concern. At first, a subject (of the king) had to petition the king to ask to be heard in his court. One of the first instances of this was in 1070 when Lanfranc, the Archbishop of Canterbury had a case against Odo, Earl of Kent, the king's brother. The archbishop petitioned that lands taken by Odo be restored. Rules of equity began when it became apparent that the common law courts could not solve all legal problems. The king set up courts of chancery (equity). By the 1800s the equity courts were becoming obsolete. In 1875 Parliament did away with the chancery courts altogether.

States in New England followed the English tradition of maintaining separate courts for law and equity. Others, however, combined their courts with both types of jurisdiction. This is what Congress did with respect to the US federal courts. United States bankruptcy courts are the one example of US federal courts which operate as courts of equity.


Commoners

The terms commoners, common people or the masses refers to ordinary people who are members of neither the nobility nor the priesthood. In a system of social classes, they are those without title or rank. Since the 20th century, the term "common people" has been used in its place. It refers to typical members of society in contrast to those who are highly privileged (in either wealth or influence).

In Europe, a concept of common people started in the classical antiquity of ancient Rome around the 6th century BC. The Roman social division was into patricians (nobles) and plebeians (commoners). The division may have been instituted by King Servius Tullius as an alternative to the previous three noble tribes or clans, whose divisions had caused conflict.

The ancient Greeks generally had no concept of class and their leading social divisions were simply non-Greeks, free-Greeks and slaves. With the growth of Christianity in the 4th century AD, a new world view arose in European thinking about social division, which continued until at least early modern times.

Saint Augustine stated that social division was a result of the Fall of Man. The three leading divisions were considered to be the priesthood (clergy), the nobility, and the common people. That would sometimes be expressed as "those who prayed", "those who fought" and "those who worked". The Latin terms for the three classes ("oratores", "bellatores" and "laboratores") are often found even in modern textbooks, and have been used in sources since the 9th century.

Lateral sulcus

The lateral sulcus (also called Sylvian fissure or lateral fissure) is one of the most prominent structures of the human brain.
It divides the frontal lobe and parietal lobe above from the temporal lobe below. It is in both hemispheres of the brain. A sulcus is a depression or groove in the cerebral cortex.

The lateral sulcus first appears around the fourteenth week of gestation.

Principal Skinner

Principal W. Seymour Skinner (born Armin Tamzarian) is a fictional character on the long running TV show The Simpsons. His voice is performed by Harry Shearer. He is the principal of Springfield Elemantary School.

He was named after the behavioral psychologist B. F. Skinner.

Skinner was a sergeant in the United States Army during the Vietnam War and now he is the principal of Springfield Elementary School. He has developed a love-hate relationship with Bart Simpson.

Leon Bibb

Leon Bibb (February 7, 1922 – October 23, 2015) was an American folk singer. He grew up in Kentucky, studied voice in New York, and worked on Broadway. His career began when he became a featured soloist of the Louisville Municipal College glee club as a student. He was known for performing at "Hootenanny", on "The Ed Sullivan Show" and performed with Bill Cosby on tours.

He lived in Vancouver, British Columbia in Canada since 1969. He died in Vancouver at the age of 93.

Krunoslav Hulak

Krunoslav Hulak (25 May 1951 – 23 October 2015) was a Croatian chess master. He was awarded the International Master title in 1974, and the grandmaster title in 1976. Hulak was born in Osijek, Croatia.

Hulak died in Zagreb, Croatia, aged 64.


Speedway, Indiana

Speedway is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. It is the home of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.

National Informatics Centre

The National Informatics Centre (NIC) is a science and technology group that is part of India's government. It is regulated by the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY).

It was founded in 1976. NIC is responsible for providing IT support to Goverment of India and it also maintains the National Portal of India that contains the Constitution of India.


1959 Mexico hurricane

The 1959 Mexico hurricane was one of only two Category 5 Eastern Pacific hurricanes to make landfall in Mexico. It was first observed south of Mexico on October 23. The storm intensified into a Category 3 hurricane on October 25 and a Category 4 the following day. The storm later turned toward the northeast and intensified to Category 5 level. It made landfall near Manzanillo, Mexico.

The hurricane caused at least $280 million in damage. More than 1,800 people lost their lives.

Shel Dorf

Sheldon "Shel" Dorf (July 5, 1933 – November 3, 2009) was an American comic-strip letterer and freelance artist. He is known for being the founder of the San Diego Comic-Con International. Dorf lettered the "Steve Canyon" comic strip for the last 12 to 14 years of the strip's run.

Amancio Ortega

Amancio Ortega Gaona (; born 28 March 1936) is a Spanish fashion businessman. He is the founding chairman of the Inditex fashion group.

He is best known for its chain of Zara clothing and accessories retail shops. He is the second richest person in the world just behind American billionaire Bill Gates, with a net worth of USD $78.6 billion.

Brayden McNabb

Brayden Luke McNabb (born January 28, 1991) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Buffalo Sabres and Los Angeles Kings. 

Before playing in the NHL, McNabb played parts of 4 seasons with the Kootenay Ice of the Western Hockey League (WHL). McNabb played for Team Canada during the 2009 IIHF World U18 Championships and won a gold medal with Canada at the 2008 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament.

He was drafted 66th overall by the Buffalo Sabres in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. He signed a three-year entry level contract with the Sabres on May 18, 2011. On November 26, 2011, McNabb made his NHL debut in a 5–1 win against the Washington Capitals. On December 26, 2011, he scored his first NHL goal against Tomáš Vokoun of the Washington Capitals in a 4-2 win. 

On March 5, 2014, the Sabres traded McNabb, along with Jonathan Parker and two draft picks, to the Los Angeles Kings in exchange for Hudson Fasching and Nicolas Deslauriers. 


Pseudogene

Pseudogenes are genes that have lost their function. They have lost their gene expression in the cell or their ability to code protein. The term was coined in 1977.

Pseudogenes can result from mutations in a gene whose product is not needed for the survival of the organism. Although not protein-coding, the DNA of pseudogenes may be functional. It may be similar to other kinds of non-coding DNA which have a regulatory role.

Most have some gene-like features. They lack protein-coding ability resulting from a variety of disabling mutations, or their inability to encode RNA (such as with rRNA pseudogenes). 

Pseudogenes are generally thought of as the last stop for genomic material that is to be removed from the genome, so they are often labeled as junk DNA. Pseudogenes contain fascinating biological and evolutionary histories in their sequences. This is due to a pseudogene's shared ancestry with a functional gene. In the same way that Darwin thought of two species as having a shared common ancestry followed by millions of years of evolutionary divergence (see speciation), a pseudogene and its associated functional gene also share a common ancestor and have diverged as separate genetic entities over millions of years.

Vigo County, Indiana

Vigo County ( or ) is a county along the western border of Indiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 106,153. The county seat is Terre Haute.

Ján Chryzostom Korec

Ján Chryzostom Korec, SJ (22 January 1924 – 24 October 2015) was a Slovak Jesuit Cardinal and Bishop Emeritus of the Diocese of Nitra. He served in the church from 1990 through 2005. He was in jail for eight years (1960-1968) because of his activism against Communism.

Korec was born in Bošany, Czechoslovakia. He died in Nitra, Slovakia at the age of 91.


Pseudepigrapha

Pseudepigrapha (pseudo = false; graphe = writing) are falsely attributed works. They are written works not by their supposed author.

Apocryphal books are Jewish religious works thought to be written about 300 BC to 300 AD. They are distinguished by Protestants from the deuterocanonical (Catholic and Orthodox) or Apocrypha (Protestant). These books appear in the Septuagint and Vulgate but not in the Hebrew Bible or in Protestant bibles.

The term has also been used by some Muslims who claim that most hadiths are fabrications created in the 8th and 9th century AD, and which are falsely attributed to the Islamic prophet Muhammad.

Defense (legal)

In civil proceedings and criminal prosecutions under the common law, a defendant may raise a defense (or defence) in an attempt to avoid criminal or civil liability. It is an answer, made by a defendant to a plaintiff's action or a denial of a prosecutor's charges. It is also an answer in equity.

Under common law, a defendant may raise any of the numerous defenses to limit or avoid liability. These include:

In a criminal trial, there are a wide variety of defenses offered. Some of these include:

Many of the above are considered an affirmative defense in which case the burden of proof may be on the defendant to prove their innocence. Otherwise in a criminal trial the burden of proof usually rests with the prosecution. They must prove the defendant is guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.


Defense

Defense or defence may refer to:






Drama (Jamelia album)

Drama is the debut studio album by British singer and songwriter Jamelia. It was released by Parlophone Records in the United Kingdom in June 2000.



UK Album Chart Peak Position 39

Thank You (Jamelia album)

Thank You is the second studio album by British singer-songwriter Jamelia. It was first released on 29 September 2003 by Parlophone Records.

Original release
Re-release
French Edition Alternate Track
International Re-release Bonus Track
Japanese Edition Bonus Tracks

Colin Gubbins

Colin Gubbins was Major-General Sir Colin McVean Gubbins KCMG DSO MC (2 July 1896 – 11 February 1976). He was head of the Special Operations Executive (SOE) in the Second World War.

Gubbins was also responsible for setting up the secret Auxiliary Units, a civilian force to operate behind the German lines if the United Kingdom was invaded during Operation Sea Lion, Germany's planned invasion.

Military Cross

The Military Cross (MC) is the third-level military award given to officers and (since 1993) other ranks of the British Armed Forces. Previously it was also awarded to officers of other Commonwealth countries.

The MC is granted in recognition of "an act or acts of exemplary gallantry during active operations against the enemy on land to all members, of any rank in Our Armed Forces". In 1979, the Queen approved a proposal that some awards, including the Military Cross, could be awarded posthumously.

Walk with Me (Jamelia album)

Walk with Me is the third studio album by British singer-songwriter Jamelia. It was released by Parlophone Records on 25 September 2006 in the UK and Europe. It was released on 17 March 2007 in Australia.



Bad Ass Strippa

"Bad Ass Strippa" is the debut single by Jentina from her self-titled debut album, "Jentina". It was released in Ireland, Italy, and the United Kingdom. It reached number 22 on the UK Singles Chart.





Mysterious (song)

"Mysterious" is the third and final single by Jentina from her self titled debut album, "Jentina". It was released only in Italy where it reached number 49 on the Italian charts.


Ashland, Concordia Parish, Louisiana

Ashland is an unincorporated community in Concordia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ashland, Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana

Ashland is a village in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the third least populous municipality in Natchitoches Parish (after Powhatan and Robeline, Louisiana) It was incorporated in 1963. A few residences and a convenience store to the north spill over into neighboring Bienville Parish. The population was 269 at the 2010 census but went down 28 percent to 194 in 2020. The median age is 51.8 years, as of 2020. Ashland is part of the Natchitoches Micropolitan Statistical Area but is located nearly forty miles to the north of the parish seat of Natchitoches.

On September 2, 2011, a forest fire destroyed ten houses between Ashland and Creston, but residents escaped personal injury. According to Louisiana Commissioner of Agriculture and Forestry Mike Strain, the blaze scorched several thousand acres and was propelled by past drought conditions combined with high winds coming from the aftermath of Tropical Storm Lee in the Gulf of Mexico.

Defence in depth

Defense in depth (also known as deep or elastic defense) is a military strategy. The delaying tactic is intended not to stop the advance of an enemy but to slow it down. A defense in deep buys time by slowly yielding to the enemy and usually causes additional casualties. That may slow down an advancing army and cause it to lose momentum.

Hannibal used the tactic at the Battle of Cannae in 216 BC. Facing a much larger Roman army, he placed his less experienced soldiers in the centre and his most experienced fighters on both sides. When the Romans advanced, his centre gradually moved back, and the troops on the wings began to surround the Romans. That was the largest slaughter of Roman soldiers in the history of the Roman Republic.

The classic example is medieval hill forts and castles with rings of defenses (usually walls). The inner circles of defenders support the outer circles with missile fire. The attackers must breach all of the lines of defense and exhaust themselves in the process.

The German Army started to use the tactic in 1917, during World War I., and continued the tactic with a great effect against both the French Army and the British Army until July 1918. The arrival of the US Army, which joined the French and the British, ended the effectiveness of the tactic.

A properly-planned defense in depth may reduce or eliminate any advantage that attacking forces might havesuch as superior numbers. The defenders place the the attackers behind several layers of defense . The defenders then let the attackers wear down their forces, and the defenders slowly give ground and move back to the next layer of defense.

Carl von Clausewitz, Sun Tzu, and the martial art of Budō consider the preferred form of war to be defense. Clausewitz stated that provides the defenders with additional . A defence in depth may prevent an enemy from surrounding a position and provides an excellent opportunity to counterattack.

A defense in space is being absent when an enemy attacks. A defense in time is slowing down or blocking an enemy that attacks.

A similar tactic is called a delaying action. when a smaller force to harasses a larger force to delay its advance and to inflict as much damage as possible to the larger force without directly engaging it. That allows the defending army's main force to disengage an enemy and to maintain good order. The main force is given the time necessary to set up a new defensive position. The small force protecting the larger force is called a rearguard.

A famous rearguard example was given in the "Song of Roland". The nephew of Charlemagne, Roland, commanded the rearguard at the Battle of Roncevaux Pass. He and his men protected the rear of the Frankish army while it retreated to France. In his delaying action, Roland and all of his men were killed in an ambush.

Defense (sports)

In many team sports, the defence or defense is the action of those players responsible for preventing the other team from scoring. The term may also refer to the tactics involved in defense. It can also be a specialty team whose primary responsibility is defense. Similarly, a defense player or defender is a player who is tasked with stopping the other team from scoring. The defender also protects their own team's goalkeeper or goaltender. This is in association football, ice hockey, water polo and many other sports.

In American football the defense is the part of the team that is tasked with preventing the other team's ball carrier from scoring. The defense consists of 11 players.

<br>

Cody Eakin

Cody Eakin (born May 24, 1991) is a Canadian ice hockey centre. He plays in the National Hockey League (NHL). He has played for the Buffalo Sabres, Winnipeg Jets, Washington Capitals, Dallas Stars, and Vegas Golden Knights. 

Before playing in the NHL, Eakin played parts of 4 seasons with the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League (WHL). 

He was drafted 85th overall by the Washington Capitals in the 2009 NHL Entry Draft. He signed a three-year entry level contract with the Capitals on October 20, 2009. 

On November 1, 2011, Eakin was called up from the Hershey Bears. The same day, Eakin made his NHL debut in a 5-4 overtime win against the Anaheim Ducks. On November 4, 2011, Eakin scored his first NHL goal against Cam Ward of the Carolina Hurricanes. 

On June 22, 2012, the Capitals traded Eakin along with a second round pick to the Dallas Stars in exchange for Mike Ribeiro. 

Nigella sativa

Nigella sativa is a black cumin (also known as nigella or "kalonji"). It is an annual flowering plant in the family Ranunculaceae. It is from south and southwest Asia. "Nigella sativa" can grow to be tall.

The black cumin fruit has numerous seeds which are used as spice, sometimes as a replacement for original black cumin "Bunium bulbocastanum". These two plants are both called 'black cumin' on account of their seeds.


2007 New York Giants season

The 2007 New York Giants season was the team's 83rd season in the National Football League. They finished with 10 wins and 6 losses. They finished second in the NFC East. They earned the fifth seed in the playoffs.

This Giants got into the playoffs in this season. The first playoff game was against the 4th-seeded Tampa Bay Buccaneers. It was played at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida. The Giants won that game 24-14. Neither team met in the regular season or preseason. The next 3 games were opponents they faced in the regular season.

The second playoff game was against the Dallas Cowboys. It was played at Texas Stadium in Irving, Texas. The Giants had lost their two previous games against the Cowboys, but this time they won 21-17. Tony Romo would throw an interception at the near end of the game.

The third playoff game was against the second-seeded Green Bay Packers. It was played at Lambeau Field in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Brett Favre threw an interception in overtime to Corey Webster. The interception is Favre's last pass as a Packer. The Giants won 23-20.

In Super Bowl XLII, the Giants played the New England Patriots. The Patriots had completed the regular season undefeated and were heavy favorites. The game is remembered for the Helmet Catch, when David Tyree caught the ball against his helmet in the fourth quarter. The Giants won the game 17-14. The game was an upset for the Patriots. It stopped the Patriots from becoming the NFL's first 19-0 team.

The team was the first NFL International Series participant to win a Super Bowl. They played the Miami Dolphins in the International Series. That was the first game to be played in London.

The 2007 Giants was the first NFC team to win three games on the road, followed by the Green Bay Packers 3 years later.

In two of their playoff games, the Giants wore blue jerseys against Tampa Bay and Dallas.

The 2007 Giants are remarked a cinderalla story. 

John Barnes Wells

John Barnes Wells (October 17, 1880 - August 8, 1935) was "one of the best-known concert singers in New York." He was a popular singer. He was on many 78-rpm recordings released in the early 1900s. He starred in the 1903 musical theater production of "The Wizard of Oz". One of his last performances was in "Uncle Tom's Cabin" (1933).

He was born on October 17, 1880 in Ashley, Pennsylvania. He died on August 8, 1935 in Roxbury, New York.

Superstar – The Hits

Superstar – The Hits is the first greatest hits album by British singer-songwriter Jamelia, released by Parlophone Records on 24 September 2007.

Jamelia said about the album "It seems the right time to put out a Greatest Hits and have all the best tracks I've recorded from the past ten years on one album".

Jamelia – The Collection

Jamelia – The Collection is the second greatest hits album by British singer-songwriter Jamelia. The album was released on July 27, 2009 on Parlophone Records.

Serbo-Croatian Wikipedia

The Serbo-Croatian Wikipedia (Serbo-Croatian: "Wikipedia na srpskohrvatskom jeziku", Википедија на српскохрватском језику) is the Serbo-Croatian version of the online encyclopedia, Wikipedia.

There are also Croatian, Serbian and Bosnian Wikipedias.

It is 19th largest edition by article count.

Minangkabau Wikipedia

The Minangkabau Wikipedia is the Minangkabau version of the online encyclopedia, Wikipedia. See List of Wikipedias.

It is the 31st largest edition by article count.

Gene family

A gene family is a set of several similar genes. They occur by the duplication of a single original gene. Usually they have similar biochemical functions. The idea that genes get duplicated is almost as old as the science of genetics. 

One such family are the genes for human haemoglobin subunits. The ten genes are in two clusters on different chromosomes, called the α-globin and β-globin loci. These two gene clusters are thought to have arisen from a precursor gene being duplicated, about 500 million years ago. 

The biggest gene family is said to be the olfaction genes. The homeobox genes are another important group. 

Genes for the immune system include several gene families. They code for the major histocompatibility complex, and the immunoglobulins. The toll-like receptors are the main sensors of infection in mammals.

2007 New England Patriots season

The 2007 New England Patriots season was the 38th season for the New England Patriots in the NFL. It was their 48th season overall. The Patriots won the AFC East for the sixth time.

In 2007, the Patriots won all sixteen of their regular season games. They became the first team with sixteen wins and no losses after beating the New York Giants 38-35. They were the fourth team to do this.

Before the Super Bowl, the Patriots had 18 wins and no losses (18-0). They played the 5th-seeded New York Giants. They had beaten the Giants 38-35 in the last regular season game. However, the Giants won the Super Bowl 17-14.

In 2015, the Patriots started 10-0 before losing in overtime to the Denver Broncos.

The Patriots did not have to play in the wild card because of their undefeated season.

Mane

Mane may refer to:


Myrna Loy

Myrna Loy (August 2, 1905 – December 14, 1993) was an American movie, television and stage actress. She was known for her roles in "The Thin Man", "The Best Years of Our Lives", "After the Thin Man", "Libeled Lady", and in "Manhattan Melodrama".

Loy devoted herself to acting after a few minor roles in silent films. She was originally typecast in exotic roles, often as a "femme fatale" or a woman of Asian descent. Her career prospects improved greatly after her portrayal of Nora Charles in "The Thin Man" (1934).

Although Loy was never nominated for a competitive Academy Award, in March 1991 she was presented with an Honorary Academy Award.

Loy was born in Helena, Montana. She was raised in Radersburg, Montana. Loy studied at Harvard-Westlake School. Loy died at a hospital in New York City during surgery at the age of 88. She was buried in Forestvale Cemetery in Helena, Montana.


Dick Bavetta

Richard W. "Dick" Bavetta (born December 10, 1939 in Brooklyn, New York) is a retired American professional basketball referee for the National Basketball Association (NBA). 

Since starting in 1975, he had never missed an assigned game. He holds the league record for most officiated games. His game on April 12, 2013 in Washington was his 2,600th consecutive game as an NBA official. He retired in 2014.


Flip Saunders

Philip Daniel "Flip" Saunders (February 23, 1955 – October 25, 2015) was an American basketball player and coach. During his career, he coached the Minnesota Timberwolves, Detroit Pistons and Washington Wizards. He began his career as a coach in 1977. He retired in 2015 due to health reasons.

Saunders was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He studied at the University of Minnesota. Saunders died of Hodgkin's lymphoma in Minneapolis, Minnesota, aged 60.


Roman Polák

Roman Polák (born April 28, 1986) is a Czech ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the HC Vítkovice of the Czech Extraliga (ELH). He has also played for the St. Louis Blues, Toronto Maple Leafs, San Jose Sharks and Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Before playing in the NHL, Polák played parts of 1 season with the Kootenay Ice of the Western Hockey League (WHL) and half of 1 season with HC Vítkovice Steel of the Czech Extraliga. Polák played for Czech Republic during the 2004 IIHF World U18 Championships and the 2005 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships. He won a bronze medal at both tournaments. He was drafted 180th overall by the St. Louis Blues in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.

On October 9, 2006, Polák made his NHL debut in a 2-0 loss against the Anaheim Ducks. On December 20, 2008, he scored his first NHL goal against Niklas Bäckström of the Minnesota Wild in a 4-2 win. On June 2, 2011, the Blues resigned Polák to a five-year contract extension.

On June 28, 2014, the Blues traded Polák to the Toronto Maple Leafs in exchange for Carl Gunnarsson and a fourth-round pick in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft.

On June 15, 2020, Polák decided to sign a three-year contract and return to his old team, the HC Vítkovice of the Czech Extraliga (ELH).


Evidence (law)

In law, evidence is an object of some kind, a document of some kind, or the testimony of a person in a court of law. Evidence is used to show something is either true or false. Evidence has to follow rules in most jurisdictions. In the United States, for example, evidence was based on legal precedent until 1975. In that year Congress created the Federal Rules of Evidence. They became the official rules that all forms of evidence must follow in federal courts. Most states in the US use rules based on the federal rules. China, while a civil law country, has followed much of the US Federal Rules of Evidence in their " Uniform Provisions of Evidence".

A subpoena can be used to require a person or organization to provide documents used for evidence.

In most jurisdictions there are exclusionary rules that automatically suppress certain kinds of evidence. For example, in the US, this may be evidence that violates the constitutional rights of a defendant. To be admissible in most jurisdictions, evidence must be relevant and it must be reliable. In most cases evidence that may prejudice a jury or judge against a defendant is inadmissible.


Gourd

Gourds are from the pumpkin family. They are about 15 to 12 inches long. Gourds are mostly found in the United States or in Mexico. Their shape is like a squash. Their color is orange, brown, or green. It is eaten in curries, spaghetti, tacos, and salad.

Impartiality

An part of any of the world's legal systems is impartiality. It is important for tribunals, judges, juries and arbitrators to be impartial. It is equally important for the legal systems themselves to be impartial.

Judges cannot favor one party over another or give more weight to one side's claims than the other. Judges learn about the law from outside the courtroom and before a trial begins. Because of this a judge may have an opinion regarding the law. When a judge expresses these views he or she is not being impartial.

In the US legal system, juries are screened and individuals selected by a process called "voir dire". Both the prosecution and the defense question jury candidates before a judge. This is to see if they can remain impartial. Any person having a personal interest in the outcome of the trial or who is obviously biased may be removed. This is called "striking" a juror. It is rare to have more than 10% of potential jurors struck from a trial. Trial by jury began in the United Kingdom. Except for cases where there is a provision by the law, it is the right of every person accused of a crime to have an impartial jury trial. More and more criminal trials are held without a jury. The less severe crimes are tried by magistrates. The Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms guarantees the right to a fair trial. In Canada juries are made up of 12 ordinary persons, male or female, who are expected to be impartial triers of fact. They decide whether the Crown (the prosecution) has made its case. Judges have the option of increasing the jury to 13 or 14 jurors, but only 12 may vote on the guilt or innocence of the accused. 

Juries in Scotland have 15 jurors. In many European civil law countries and Japan, juries can be made up of laypersons and judges. Also the opposing council may not be able to strike jurors as in the United States. 

Many believe the Magna Carta first guaranteed a right to trial by one's peers. The Latin "judicium parium" does not mean a trial by jury. The word "judicium" in the language of the day meant a judge. The term "liber homo", usually translated as "freeman", at that time were a limited class in England. So it did not mean every person.

Charles Russell

Charles Russell (1817-1892), known as "Black Douglas", was an Australian bushranger, who became famous for robbing miners on the road between Bendigo and Melbourne.

Russell was born in Bristol, England in 1817. After coming to Australia, he was well known as a prize fighter, boxing for money. He began robbing people on their way to and from the goldfields at Bendigo. One report claimed he robbed 16 people and chained them to a log.

In 1860, Wilhelmine Guischard wrote a book called "Black Douglas: An Australian Romance".

In 1926, his pistol was given to the police. Russell had forgotten it during a robbery in 1857. It was planned to be presented in the Castlemaine Art Gallery.

Black Douglas

The Black Douglas may refer to:

Vivian Dandridge

Vivian Alferetta Dandridge (April 26, 1921 – October 26, 1991) was an American singer, dancer and actress. She was the older sister of actress Dorothy Dandridge. She was a member of the Dandridge Sisters music group until it ended in 1940. She played Melisse in the movie "I Walked with a Zombie" (1943). She was in the 1940 movie "Irene".

Dandridge was born in Cleveland, Ohio. She died of a stroke at age 70 in Seattle, Washington.

Moda Domani Institute

Moda Domani Institute was a French higher studies establishment. The school was in Paris, France. It started in 2014. Moda Domani Institute was specialist in the fields of luxury, fashion and design.

The school closes in September 2020, replaced by ISG Luxury Management.


Shigeru Yoshida

Shigeru Yoshida (22 September 1878 – 20 October 1967) was a Japanese diplomat and politician. He served as Prime Minister of Japan from 1946 to 1947 and from 1948 to 1954. 

He was the Ambassador to England in 1936. By 1939 he had fallen out of favor with the government. He was against the military expansion Japan was engaged in at the time. All he felt he could do was retire. He was later imprisoned for these same views. When General Douglas MacArthur became the military governor of Japan, Yoshida was called to Tokyo to become the new foreign minister.

Andy Dalton

Andrew Gregory Dalton (born October 29, 1987) is an American football quarterback for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Texas Christian University (TCU). In his final college game, the 2011 Rose Bowl against the Wisconsin Badgers, Dalton led the Horned Frogs to a 21–19 victory. He left the TCU program as its all-time leader in wins. He also holds several statistical passing records.

Dalton was selected by the Bengals in the second round (35th overall) of the 2011 NFL Draft. He signed a four-year, $5.2 million contract. Under a West Coast-style offensive scheme, Dalton and receiver A.J. Green, the Bengals' 2011 first-round selection from the University of Georgia, have become a great quarterback/receiver combination. Dalton and Green broke NFL records for completions (completed passes) and yards for a rookie quarterback/receiver combination.

Dalton is one of five quarterbacks in NFL history to have thrown for over 3,000 yards in each of his first three seasons. The others are Cam Newton, Peyton Manning, Andrew Luck, and Russell Wilson. Dalton is also one of five to have passed for at least 20 touchdowns in each of his first three seasons. He joins Manning, Luck, Wilson, and Dan Marino. Dalton is the only quarterback to lead the Cincinnati Bengals to four consecutive Playoffs. He is just one of five quarterbacks to lead his team to the playoffs in each of his first four seasons. He is also the Bengals franchise record holder for passing yards and touchdowns in a season. 

Due to his red hair, Dalton has been nicknamed "The Red Rifle" by Bengals fans.

Lisa Jardine

Lisa Anne Jardine, CBE FRS FRHistS (née Bronowski; 12 April 1944 – 25 October 2015) was a British historian of the early modern period. 

Jardine was born in Oxford, England. She studied at Cheltenham Ladies' College, Newnham College, Cambridge, and the University of Essex.

From 1990 to 2011, she was Centenary Professor of Renaissance Studies and Director of the Centre for Editing Lives and Letters at Queen Mary, University of London. From 2008 to January 2014 she was Chair of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority (HFEA).

In 1969, she married scientist Nicholas Jardine, with whom she had a son and a daughter/ In 1982, she married the architect John Hare with whom she had one son. She was the cousin of television director Laurence Moody and actress Clare Lawrence Moody.

Lisa Jardine died of cancer on 25 October 2015, aged 71.

Ed Walker (radio personality)

Ed Walker (April 23, 1932 – October 26, 2015) was an American radio personality from Washington, D.C.. He hosted a weekly four-hour Sunday night program, "The Big Broadcast", on WAMU-FM, featuring vintage radio programs from the 1930s to 1950s, such as "Gunsmoke", "The Jack Benny Show", "The Lone Ranger", "Fibber McGee and Molly", and "Superman". 

Walker began hosting "The Big Broadcast" in 1990 when his friend John Hickman retired hosting due to illness. The show, which started in 1964 as "Recollections", has been the longest running program on WAMU. The show ranks first in its timeslot, and its audience is "remarkably young for a public radio crowd." Walker was blind. 

Walker died in Rockville, Maryland from cancer, aged 83.

Marsha Hunt

Marsha Virginia Hunt (October 17, 1917 – September 7, 2022) was an American movie, theater, and television actress. She was blacklisted by Hollywood movie studio executives in the 1950s. She was known for her roles in "Johnny Got His Gun", "Raw Deal", "Born to the West", "Pilot #5", and in "Pride and Prejudice".

Hunt was born on October 17, 1917, in Chicago. She turned 100 in October 2017.

She was also supportive of humanitarian causes such as fighting world hunger. She has also donated to homeless shelters, supported same-sex marriage, raised awareness of climate change and supported peace in Third World countries.

In 1960, Hunt received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Hunt married producer Jerry "Jay" Hopper from 1938. They divorced in 1943. Hunt married her second husband, screenwriter and radio director Robert Presnell Jr. in 1946. She had a premature daughter who died in 1947. She and her second husband later became foster parents. They remained together until his death in 1986.

Hunt died on September 7, 2022 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 104.


Ann Blyth

Ann Marie Blyth (born August 16, 1928) is an American actress and singer. Her performance as Veda Pierce in the 1945 movie "Mildred Pierce", she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.

Blyth also appeared in "Our Very Own" (with Farley Granger), "The Great Caruso" (with Mario Lanza), "One Minute to Zero" (with Robert Mitchum), "The World in His Arms" (with Gregory Peck), "Rose Marie", "The Student Prince", "Kismet", "The Buster Keaton Story", and "The Helen Morgan Story" (with Paul Newman).


Janis Paige

Janis Paige (born September 16, 1922) is an American movie, musical theatre and television actress. She was born in Tacoma, Washington. Her career began in 1944. She retired in 2001. Paige made her live dramatic TV debut June 27, 1957, in "The Latch Key" on "Lux Video Theatre". 

Paige appeared in many television shows during her career such as "87th Precinct (TV series)","The Pat Boone Chevy Showroom", "Trapper John, M.D.", "All in the Family", "Columbo" and "Caroline in the City", and in the 1975 television movie "John O'Hara's Gibbsville" (also known as "The Turning Point of Jim Malloy").


Barbara Hale

Barbara Hale (April 18, 1922 – January 26, 2017) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as legal secretary Della Street on more than 270 episodes of the long-running "Perry Mason" television series. She was also known for her roles in "The Window", "The Giant Spider Invasion", "Jolson Sings Again", and in "Last of the Comanches". She won an Emmy Award in 1959.

Hale died at her home in Sherman Oaks, California on January 26, 2017 of complications from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, aged 94.


Zwolle, Louisiana

Zwolle is a small town in Sabine Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the second most populous municipality in Sabine Parish (after Many)

Ringgold, Louisiana

Ringgold is a small town in Bienville Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the second most populous municipality in Bienville Parish (after Arcadia)

Gibsland, Louisiana

Gibsland is a small town in Bienville Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the third most populous municipality in Bienville Parish (after Arcadia and Ringgold).

Injunction

An injunction is a court order that either commands or prevents a party from doing a specific act.

Injunctions can be temporary or permanent. A restraining order and a preliminary injunction are examples of temporary injunctions. Either may be issued early in a lawsuit to prevent either party from doing anything that might unfairly influence the outcome of the litigation. A permanent injunction is usually issued after a case is settled. It enforces the final decision of the court.

In the state of New South Wales, an apprehended violence order (AVO) may be issued against a person from whom another person fears violence. They can be issued to prevent physical abuse, harassment or stalking. Any person who violates an AVO may be charged with a criminal offence.

While the United Kingdom has injunctions much the same as other countries they also have super-injunctions. This is an injunction (sometimes called a gag-order) that prevents journalists from writing anything about a court case. It also prevents them from reporting that the injunction itself has been issued. If any injunction in the UK prevents details of the order from being known it is also called a super-injunction.

In common law countries anti-suit injunctions are court orders used to prevent a court or tribunal from assuming jurisdiction or taking over an ongoing lawsuit. An anti-suit injunction may also be used to prevent a party from filing a second lawsuit in another jurisdiction at the same time as the first case. 


Tullos, Louisiana

Tullos is a small town in La Salle and Winn Parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Abita Springs, Louisiana

Abita Springs is a town in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Colville, Washington

Colville (Ktunaxa: "xapqǂinik̓") is a city in Stevens County, Washington, United States. The population was 4,673 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Stevens County.

Vivian, Louisiana

Vivian is a town in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States and is home to the Red Bud Festival. The population was 3,073 at the 2020 census. it is the fourth most populous municipality in Caddo Parish (after Shreveport, Blanchard and Greenwood).

Scott Barr

Harvey Scott Barr, Jr. (August 21, 1916 – October 26, 2015) was an American politician from the U.S. state of Washington. Barr was born in Spokane. He served the 7th district in the Washington House of Representatives from 1977 to 1983, and the same district from 1983 to 1993 in the Washington State Senate. His term ended with his resignation in December 1993. He was a Republican.

Barr died in Colville, Washington on October 26, 2015 from natural causes, aged 99.

Coushatta, Louisiana

Coushatta is the parish seat of Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the most populous municipality in Red River Parish.



Judgment (law)

In law, a judgment is a decision of a court regarding the rights and liabilities of parties in a legal action or proceeding. Judgments also generally provide the court's explanation of why it has chosen to make a particular decision.

The phrase "reasons for judgment" is often used interchangeably with "judgment." The former refers to the court's reasons for arriving at the judgment it did. The latter refers to the final court order. a judgement, whether by a court or a tribunal, is the final part of a court case. The judgement is also called a legal decision.

Case law

Case law in a legal system are those laws based on previous judicial decisions. This is opposed to decisions based on existing statutes or regulations. In countries using common law, it is generally uncodified meaning there are no collections of legal rules, and laws to rely on. Instead they rely on legal precedent. Precedents are previous legal cases that are used as examples for deciding the present case. They are also binding on lower courts where the facts and issues are similar. In countries that use civil law, their laws are codified, and there is much less reliance on case law.

Judges make judicial decisions based on precedent, and their own understanding when there are few or no precedents. This is "judge-made law" as compared to statuary law, which is made by legislatures, and governments. In the United States the courts can rule statutes, and regulations unconstitutional if they go beyond the authority given by the constitution. In the United Kingdom judge-made law, or common law cannot rule against statutes made by an act of Parliament. The judiciary, and legislative branches are not coequal. Judges, however, have traditionally used one of three ways of interpreting statutes: 

Judges make decisions by decisions based on the appropriate laws. They then investigate to learn all the facts. Finally they make a decision. Under civil law, judiciary decisions are not a critical part of forming civil laws. Under Dutch civil law for example, there are so many civil laws that it becomes difficult for lawyers and judges to know if they have found all the laws that apply to a case. Even with all the laws, not every situation is covered. The civil court will research everything it can on the subject, then make a decision. For this reason those who start a legal case never know for certain what the decision will be.


Lien

A lien ( or ) is a form of security interest attached to property to secure the payment of a debt to a creditor. A lien is usually a public record. The owner of the property is called the "lienee". The creditor or person holding the lien is called the "lienor" or "lien holder".

In the United States, the term lien generally refers to a wide range of legal interests. It includes other forms of mortgage or charge. In the USA, a lien is a "non-possessory" security interests meaning the lien holder does not usually possess the property.

In other common law countries, the term lien refers to a very specific type of security interest. The holder of a lien right to retain (but not sell) property until the debt or other obligation is discharged. In contrast to the usage of the term in the USA, in other countries it refers to a purely "possessory" form of security interest. When possession of the property is lost, the lien is released. 

Lanfranc

Lanfranc (1005  1010 at Pavia — 24 May 1089 at Canterbury) was a cleric, teacher and jurist who became Archbishop of Canterbury under William the Conqueror.

This celebrated Italian jurist gave up his career to become a monk at Bec in Normandy. In 1070 he became the Archbishop of Canterbury in England. This was the peak of an extraordinary life.

Lanfranc was born in the early years of the 11th century at Pavia in Italy. His father, Hanbald, held a rank equivalent to a magistrate. He was orphaned at an early age. Lanfranc was trained in the liberal arts. He crossed the Alps, and took up the role of teacher in France and eventually in Normandy. About 1039 he became the master of the cathedral school at Avranches. He taught for three years with much success. 

In 1042 he gave this up to become a monk in the newly founded Bec Abbey. He became the first prior of Bec Abbey in 1045. He became a friend of William, Duke of Normandy and by 1050 his counselor. Lanfranc then became the abbot of St Stephen in Normandy. 

In 1067, when Maurilius, Archbishop of Rouen, died, Lanfranc declined the position. He would not have been able to do so without the consent of William I. It is likely William had something bigger in mind for Lanfranc. In 1070 Stigand, the Archbishop of Canterbury was deposed by papal legates. William brought Lanfranc from Normandy to England to become the Archbishop of Canterbury.

Five Nights at Freddy's (series)

Five Nights at Freddy's is an American horror multimedia franchise created by Scott Cawthon, which began with the eponymous 2014 video game.

The original game ("Five Nights at Freddy's"), was followed by the sequels "Five Nights at Freddy's 2" (2014), "Five Nights at Freddy's 3" (2015), "Five Nights at Freddy's 4" (2015), "" (2016), "Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria Simulator" (2017), "Ultimate Custom Night" (2018), "" (2019), "" (2021)’’.

The franchise has been expanded into four spin-off series, "Five Nights at Candy's", "One Night at Flumpty's," "The Joy of Creation", "Popgoes"; "Into Madness", an upcoming AAA game; "Five Nights at Freddy's Plus", an upcoming remake of the first game; Special Delivery, a mobile game; novels, comic books, short films, a television series; "Freddy & Friends: On Tour!," and an upcoming film of the same name, comprising an all-encompassing fictional universe. The franchise maintains an active fanbase, known for its production of fan art and fangames, and merchandise for the games is available internationally. A horror attraction based on the franchise was featured in The Fright Dome for Halloween in 2016, and it also appeared in "Guinness World Records 2017: Gamer's Edition", where it set a record for the largest amount of sequels released in a year.















Security interest

A security interest is a legal claim on collateral. The collateral can be real estate, personal property or any asset. Collateral is usually used to secure a loan. 

The borrower is the party who borrows the funds. The lender is the one who lends the money in return for a security interest. The lender can repossess the asset if the borrower fails to repay the loan. The lender can then sell the asset to repay the loan. A loan secured by collateral is called a "secured loan" (also called a lien). A loan with no collateral (such as a credit card) is an unsecured loan. There is nothing for the lender to repossess.

There are different types of security interest or liens:

William Benjamin Carpenter

William Benjamin Carpenter MD MRCS CB FRS (29 October 1813 – 19 November 1885) was an English physician, invertebrate zoologist and physiologist. He was instrumental in the early stages of the unified University of London.

Carpenter was born on 29 Oct 1813 in Exeter, the eldest son of Dr Lant Carpenter, an important Unitarian preacher who influenced a "rising generation of Unitarian intellectuals". From his father, Carpenter inherited a belief in the essential lawfulness of the creation: this meant that natural causes were the explanation of the world as we find it. William embraced this "naturalistic cosmogeny" as his starting point.

Although qualified medically, he was best known for his work on marine zoology, notably the lower organisms such as Foraminifera and crinoids. These researches gave an impetus to deep-sea exploration, such as the 1868 oceanographic survey with "HMS Lightning" and later the more famous Challenger Expedition.

In the long term, however, he has become known as a founder of idea of the adaptive unconscious. He observed that the human perceptual system almost completely operates outside of conscious awareness. These same observations were also made by Hermann Helmholtz. Perhaps because these views were in conflict with the theories of Descartes, they were neglected for a hundred years. Carpenter noticed that the more he studied the mechanism of thought, the more clear it became that it operates largely outside awareness. He noticed that the unconscious prejudices can be stronger than conscious thought and that they are more dangerous since they happen outside of conscious.
He also noticed that emotional reactions can occur outside of conscious until attention is drawn to them:
He also asserted both the freedom of the will and the existence of the ego.

In the popular mind, he was perhaps better nown for his work against alcoholism, for which he won a prize of 100 guineas. It was one of the first temperance books.

In 1856 Carpenter became Registrar of the University of London, and held the office for twenty-three years. He was made a Companion of the Order of the Bath.


Particle detector

A particle detector, also known as a radiation detector, is a device used to , , and/or high-energy particles. These particles can be made by nuclear decay, cosmic radiation, or reactions in a particle accelerator. Particle detectors are used in particle physics, nuclear physics, and nuclear engineering. Modern detectors are also used as calorimeters to measure the energy of radiation. They can measure other things, such as the momentum, spin, or charge of the particles.

Detectors designed for modern accelerators are very big. They are also very expensive. They are called "counters" when they simply count particles, but do not measure anything else. Usually, particle detectors can also track ionizing radiation (high energy photons or even visible light).

Many of the detectors invented so far are ionization detectors (such as gaseous ionization detectors and semiconductor detectors) and scintillation detectors. Other principles, such as Čerenkov light and transition radiation, have also been applied to detect particles.

Some detectors are used to measure the amount of radiation so that people can protect themselves from it. Others are used to study nuclear and particle physics.

Detectors have also been used in archaeology. Muon detectors can "see" through solid material such as stone and concrete. Used this way, archaeologists and physicists discovered a room (a burial chamber) behind a wall underground in Naples, Italy. 





Civil and political rights

In international law, civil and political rights are those rights a person has over their own autonomy (civil) and their right to have a part in their government (political). Civil and political rights are guaranteed to every person by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR).

Universal civil rights include:

Political rights include:


Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen

Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen () is a district in Bavaria, Germany.

Hugo Schnars-Alquist

Carl Wilhelm Hugo Schnars-Alquist (October 29, 1855 – August 20, 1939) was a German painter who painted scenes of the sea. His family were merchants and he started working as a merchant himself. Schnars-Alquist was a self-taught painter. In 1886 he was a student of Hans Gude at the Berlin Art Academy. In 1893 he was the German representative for the fine arts at the World's Columbian Exposition. Schnars-Alquist made many sea voyages which taught him how to paint the sea at different Latitudes and from rough sea to calm. He was a member of the jury at the Chicago and Melbourne art exhibitions. He received a Gold medal at Melbourne. Schnars-Alquist was a member of the Hamburg Geographical Society. He also belonged to the Institute for Maritime Studies at the University of Berlin. 

<br>
Hugo Schnars-Alquist (1855 - 1939)

Pleading

Pleading is usually the first step in a lawsuit. This is when parties formally submit their claims and defenses. A "complaint" is the first pleading filed by a plaintiff which starts the lawsuit. A complaint lists the relevant allegations of fact which leads to one or more legal causes of action. It also has a prayer for relief and sometimes a statement of damages claimed. This is called an "ad quod damnum" clause. In some situations, a complaint is called a "petition". In this case the party filing a complaint is called the petitioner and the other party is the respondent. In equity, sometimes called chancery, the initial pleading may be called either a "petition" or a "bill of complaint in chancery".






Complaint

In legal terminology, a complaint is any formal legal document that establishes the facts and legal reasons for a lawsuit. A complaint must list the reasons for the plaintiff's case, and it must ask for a specific legal remedy. Once a complaint is filed with the court a summons (an order from the court) is notifies the defendant a lawsuit has been filed against them. Once a defendant receives notice of a complaint, they must reply within a specified period of time with an answer. Complaints are pleadings that must be written carefully to properly state the facts and legal basis for the claim. Usually this requires the help of an attorney.

In some jurisdictions, specific types of criminal cases may also be started by the filing of a complaint. This is also called a criminal complaint or felony complaint. All criminal cases are prosecuted in the name of the governmental authority. This is the same authority whose criminal laws were broken and who enforces criminal statutes. The government is sometimes called "the state", "the People" or "the Crown" (in Commonwealth realms). In the United States, the complaint is often associated with misdemeanor charges presented by the prosecutor without the grand jury process. In most US jurisdictions, the document presented to and authorized by a grand jury is called an indictment.

Vitamin B12

Vitamin B (or vitamin B-12) is also called cobalamin. It has a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system, and in the formation of blood. It is one of the eight B vitamins. 

B is normally involved in the metabolism of every cell of the human body, especially DNA synthesis and regulation, but also fatty acid and amino acid metabolism. Fungi, plants and animals (including humans) cannot produce vitamin B. Only bacteria and archaea have enzymes for its synthesis, although animals can convert it to the version they need. 

Many foods are a natural source of B because of bacterial symbiosis. It is produced by some of the gut flora of herbivores. Carnivores, of course, eat herbivores. Also algae and plants get it from symbiosis. So, by one route or another, animals must get vitamin B from bacteria (and archaea).

The vitamin is the largest and most structurally complicated vitamin. It can be produced industrially only by bacterial fermentation-synthesis.

Vitamin B is a group of chemically related compounds, all of which have vitamin activity. It contains the biochemically rare element cobalt sitting in the center of a ring called a corrin ring. In the human body it is converted to the human physiological forms.

Vitamin B was discovered by its relationship to pernicious anemia, which is an autoimmune disease. Because an "intrinsic factor" is needed for B to be absorbed, its lack causes a vitamin B deficiency. Many other kinds of vitamin B deficiency have since been found.

Louis Agassiz

Jean Louis Rodolphe Agassiz (May 28, 1807 – December 14, 1873) was a Swiss-born and European-trained biologist and geologist. His work on natural history in Europe and the Americas was important.

His reputation now is less good, because he fought against the theory of evolution, and held wrong ideas about human races. He thought the different human races were of different origins. This idea is called "polygenism". Darwin's comment at the end is interesting:

After visiting Harvard University in mid-career, he emigrated to the U.S. in 1847 and became a professor of zoology and geology at Harvard. He founded its Museum of Comparative Zoology.

Agassiz made extensive contributions to ichthyology (including extinct species). He founded glaciology, the study of ice fields and ice ages.

Maps.me

MAPS.ME (formerly named MapsWithMe) is a mobile app for Android, iOS and BlackBerry that provides offline maps using OpenStreetMap data. In November 2014 it was acquired by Mail.Ru Group and became part of its My.com brand. In September 2015 the app was open sourced. MapsWithMe was created by Yury Melnichek, Alexander Borsuk and Viktor Govako.


Cruachan Power Station

The Cruachan Power Station (also known as the Cruachan Dam) is a pumped-storage hydroelectric power station in Argyll and Bute, Scotland. The turbine hall is located inside Ben Cruachan. Water is pumped between Cruachan Reservoir to Loch Awe, a height difference of . It is one of only four pumped storage power stations in the UK. It is capable of providing a black start capability to the National Grid.

Construction began in 1959 at the same time as the Hunterston A nuclear power station in Ayrshire. It was completed in 1965. Cruachan uses cheap off-peak electricity generated at night to pump water to the higher reservoir. It can then be released during the day to provide power as necessary. The power station is open to visitors. Around 50,000 tourists visit it each year.

Steppe Geoglyphs

The Steppe Geoglyphs are a number of Neolithic earth constructions in the Turgay Trough area of Turgai in northern Kazakhstan. There are at least 260 of these earthworks.

Many or all of them are smaller earthworks (mounds, trenches and ramparts) arranged with each other to make geometric and other shapes (composite figures). These shapes are squares, rings and three others. The composite figures range from slightly under 90 m in length to over 400 m in diameter.
Besides being made of earth dug out and piled up, some of the geoglyphs are made by placing stones next to each other. 

Some of the large shapes have been given names, including Bestamskoe Ring, Ushtogaysky ("or" Ushtogay) Square, Turgay triradial swastika, Large cross Ashtasti, Ekedyn cross, Ashutasti ring, Kyzyloba line, Koga cross, and Shili square. 

Optical dating (optically stimulated luminescence) was used to get a date for these structures. The results indicate that they date between eight and one thousand years ago. 

The earthworks were discovered in 2007 by Dimitriy Dey. He found them when he was looking at Google Earth. He had been looking for pyramids or similar structures in Kazakhstan. The geoglyphs were first reported to the scientific community in 2014.

Road construction in 2013 damaged one of the structures. 


Right to a fair trial

The right to fair trial is an essential right in all countries respecting the rule of law. A trial in these countries that is considered unfair will typically be restarted, or its verdict thrown out. Some of the rights that make a trial fair are explicitly proclaimed in Article 10 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. They are clearly stated in the Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution. They are also stated in Article 6 of the European Convention of Human Rights, and in Article 14 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, as well as numerous other constitutions and declarations throughout the world. There is no binding international law that defines what is or is not a fair trial. For example, the right to a jury trial and other important procedures vary from nation to nation.


Due process

Due process is the legal requirement that the government must respect all legal rights that are owed to a person. Due process balances the power of law of the land and protects the individual person from it. When a government harms a person without following the exact course of the law, this is a due process violation, which offends the rule of law.

Due process has also been frequently interpreted as limiting laws and legal proceedings. This means that judges—instead of legislators—may define and guarantee basic fairness, justice, and liberty. This interpretation has proven controversial, and is seen as being closer to the concepts of natural justice, and procedural justice used in various other jurisdictions. This interpretation of due process is sometimes expressed as a command that the government must not be unfair to the people or abuse them physically.

Due process developed from clause 39 of the Magna Carta in England. The Magna Carta called it "the law of the land" which became the more modern term due process. When English and American law gradually went in different directions, due process was not upheld in England, but did become part of the Constitution of the United States. It is found in the Fifth Amendment which says "No person shall…be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law,". It is applied to all states by the Fourteenth Amendment.

Due process is not used in contemporary English law. But it recognizes two similar concepts are natural justice and the British constitutional concept of the rule of law. However, neither concept lines up perfectly with the American theory of due process. It contains many implied rights not found in the ancient or modern concepts of due process in England. 

Islamic law provides for due process. It includes the presumption of innocence, the right to remain silent and a fair and public trial before a judge. There is no jury and both parties, the injured party and the accused, usually present their own cases.

Scandinavia gets high ratings by the World Justice Project. They were noted for their criminal justice system including their observance of due process. As of the 2013 "Rule of Law Index", the Scandinavian countries were rated higher than the US for due process. The three lowest rated countries in the index were Afghanistan, Zimbabwe and Venezuela.



Saskia Post

Saskia Post (1 January 1961 – 16 March 2020) was American-born Australian actress. She is best known for her leading role in the 1986 movie, "Dogs in Space", with Michael Hutchence. 

Post also acted in the 1985 AFI Award winning movie, "Bliss" and in the 1991 movie "Proof". It was chosen as "Best Film" at the 1991 AFI Awards. 

Saskia Post was born in Martinez, California in 1961. Her family moved to Australia in 1975. In high school she studied acting and singing. After graduation, she spent a year attending acting workshops and dance classes in Sydney. Saskia then studied drama and arts at the University of New South Wales but dropped out after one year. She took acting classes at The Drama School in 1981. 

Post got her first television role in 1982. She played Julianna Sleven, a Dutch refugee, in "The Sullivans". The program was an Australian drama television series about a middle-class Melbourne family and the effect World War II had on their lives. Post moved to Melbourne to work on the series for twelve months before leaving in 1984. That same year she had a role in the movie "One Night Stand", as Eva, a bank teller from the Czech Republic.
In 1985, Post appeared in the AFI Award winning movie "Bliss", as Honey Barbara's daughter. 

Post had a leading role in the 1986 movie "Dogs in Space", directed by Richard Lowenstein. The movie is about a group of young musicians and music fans sharing a house in the Melbourne suburb of Richmond. Post plays Anna, the girlfriend of Sam (Michael Hutchence). Anna dies of a heroin overdose after trying the drug for a second time.

Post has also acted in many stage performances in Melbourne. These include "Endgrain", "Train to Transcience", "Could I Have this Dance?", "In Angel Gear", "Figures in Glass", "Skin" and "Vincent in Brixton".

Post died of cardiac arrest at the Alfred Hospital in Melbourne on 16 March 2020, aged 59.


Roosevelt Island Bridge

The Roosevelt Island Bridge is a bridge in New York. It is a lift bridge. It connects Roosevelt Island in Manhattan to Astoria in Queens. It crosses the East Channel of the East River. The bridge is the only route to the island for vehicles and foot traffic, except for public transportation.

Construction of the bridge began on March 17, 1952. The cost was $6.5 million. It opened on May 18, 1955, as the Welfare Island Bridge. The name was changed to the "Roosevelt Island Bridge" in 1973.

Before the bridge was built, the only way vehicles could access Roosevelt Island was by using an elevator on the Queensboro Bridge. The elevator was torn down in 1970.

In 2001, the New York City Department of Transportation considered converting the Roosevelt Island Bridge into a fixed bridge. This was to reduce the cost of its maintenance. The bridge is rarely opened (raised for ships to go underneath), because most ships passing by Roosevelt Island use the West Channel of the East River. Most of the bridge openings occur in September during the General Assembly at the United Nations. During this time the West Channel is closed for security reasons.

When the bridge is raised for ships to go underneath, the distance between the water and the bridge is . The bridge is wide. Its total length, including approaches, is . The main span (distance across) is long.

The Roosevelt Island Bridge provides direct access to the 'Motorgate Parking Garage', which was designed to minimize vehicle traffic on the island. The garage was completed in 1974 and later expanded in 1990.


List of World Heritage Sites in Chile

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Sites are places of importance to cultural or natural heritage. Below is the list of sites in Chile.

UNESCO was created for the "conservation and protection of the world’s inheritance of books, works of art and monuments of history and science". The constitution of UNESCO was ratified in 1946 by 26 countries.

Chile agreed to take part in the World Heritage Convention in 1980.

The World Heritage Site (WHS) list has developed over time. It is part of a process; and the list continues to grow.

As of 2014, there are 17 places in Chile which are on the World Heritage List. 

There are 17 sites which are on a tentative list.

The Tentative List consists of sites which have been nominated. The evaluation process is not yet completed. "" is the list.



The Mighty Mighty Bosstones

The Mighty Mighty Bosstones (informally known as The Bosstones) are an American ska punk band from Boston, Massachusetts which formed in 1983. The Bosstones are widely credited as one of the originators of the genre of ska punk, a style which mixes the rhythms of ska music with the fast tempo and distortion of punk rock and hardcore punk.

First becoming notable in the underground music scene, the Bosstones steadily grew in popularity throughout the mid-1990s. Their fourth album, 1994's "Question the Answers", sold over 500,000 copies and became a gold record. In 1995, they appeared in the hit movie "Clueless" and in 1997, the band released their most successful album, "Let's Face It", which sold over one million copies and spawned the hit single "The Impression That I Get", which charted at #1 on the Billboard Modern Rock Songs and entered the top 20 in the United States, the United Kingdom and Australia. Although none of the Bosstones' future albums or singles were able to meet with the same kind of success, the band has kept a loyal following and continue to tour and record.

The Bosstones briefly disbanded in 2003, though reunited in 2007 to continue touring and recording. The band has released nine studio albums, three EPs and a live album.




Jämtkraft Arena

Jämtkraft Arena is an association football stadium in the town of Östersund in Sweden. It was opened on 13 July 2007. Among the home teams are Östersunds FK and Östersunds DFF.

Nya Parken

Nya parken is a sports ground in the town of Norrköping int Sweden. It was opened in 1903 as Norrköpings idrottspark. IFK Norrköping, IK Sleipner and IF Sylvia play their soccer home games there. Games were also played there during the 1958 FIFA World Cup and the 1992 UEFA European Championship

Norrporten Arena

Norrporten Arena is a sports ground in the town of Sundsvall in Sweden. It was opened as Sundsvalls idrottspark on 6 August 1903 as. It is currently used mostly for association football games. It is the home ground for GIF Sundsvall.


Old English poetry

The earliest known English poem is a hymn on the creation. Bede says this was by Cædmon (flourished 658–680). He was, according to legend, an illiterate herdsman who produced poetry at a monastery at Whitby. This is probably the earliest written Anglo-Saxon poetry we have.

Much of the poetry of the period is difficult to date, or even to arrange chronologically. Estimates for the date of the great epic "Beowulf" range from AD 608 through to AD 1000, and there has never been agreement. 

It is possible to identify some key moments. "The Dream of the Rood" was written before about AD 700, when parts were carved in runes on the Ruthwell Cross. Some poems on historical events, such as "The Battle of Brunanburh" (937) and "The Battle of Maldon" (991), seem to have been written shortly after the events, so they can be dated reasonably precisely.

Anglo-Saxon poetry is known by the manuscripts in which it survives. The most important manuscripts are from the late 10th and early 11th centuries. They are known as the Cædmon manuscript, the Vercelli Book, the Exeter Book, and the Beowulf manuscript.

"Beowulf" is the only heroic epic to have survived in its entirety, but fragments of others show that it was not unique in its time. Other genres include much religious verse, from devotional works to biblical paraphrase. 

With one notable exception (the so-called "Rhyming Poem"), Anglo-Saxon poetry depends on alliteration for its structure. Any rhyme included is just ornamental.

Jesus piece (jewelry)

A Jesus piece is a spiritual or religious piece of jewelry which shows the face of Jesus. 

Jesus pieces are popular in the Hip-Hop community. Many Hip-Hop artists and celebrities like The Notorious B.I.G. usually wear Jesus pieces, and will have them decorated with rare or expensive gems (jewels). 

Less expensive Jesus diamond pieces are also sold. They are made of things like wood or inexpensive metals.

The first Jesus piece was worn by Christopher Wallace (The Notorious B.I.G.). It was made by Tito Caicedo, Wallace's jeweler (jewelry-maker). Wallace had Caicedo make many more Jesus pieces, paying him about $10,000 for each. Wallace had worn some of these Jesus pieces himself, and gave others pieces to his peers. The Jesus pieces were decorated with expensive gems, especially on Jesus's hair.

Unfaithful (song)

"Unfaithful" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her second studio album "A Girl like Me" (2006). It was written by Shaffer "Ne-Yo" Smith with the song's producers StarGate. The song was released by Def Jam Recordings on May 2, 2006, as the second single from the album. It is a R&B song that is about cheating, it was also different because it was the first ballad Rihanna had released.

"Unfaithful" has been performed by Rihanna many times, including on July 27, 2006, she performed the song on the MTV series, "Total Request Live". Rihanna opened the 2006 MOBO Awards on September 20, 2006 at the Royal Albert Hall in London with a performance of "Unfaithful". On November 15, 2006, Rihanna performed the song at the 2006 World Music Awards, which also took place in London. Rihanna wore a long, purple gown. The song was also sung on her first major North American tour (2006). On July 7, 2007, Rihanna together with other artists performed at the Live Earth Concerts, which were held to raise awareness of global warming. She performed "Unfaithful", "Shut Up and Drive", and "Umbrella".

"Unfaithful" was the twelfth song on the set list of Rihanna's Good Girl Gone Bad Tour (2007–2009), her first major world tour. Her performance in Manchester was released in the UK through iTunes and is featured on the "Good Girl Gone Bad Live" DVD. Rihanna was an opening act on some dates on Kanye West's Glow in the Dark Tour (2008–2009). Her set list featured "Unfaithful" and other songs from her 2007 release "Good Girl Gone Bad" including "Don't Stop the Music", "Shut Up and Drive" and "Umbrella". Following the release of her fourth studio album, "Rated R" (2009), in the UK, Rihanna performed a "Nokia" promotional concert at the Brixton Academy in London. She performed songs from the new release including "Russian Roulette", "Wait Your Turn" and "Hard", a song Rihanna performed with Young Jeezy. Rihanna performed "Unfaithful", and songs from her older albums, including "Disturbia", "Don't Stop the Music" and "Take a Bow", during this set.

In 2010, to promote her fourth album "Rated R", Rihanna went on her second worldwide tour, Last Girl on Earth Tour (2010–11). "Unfaithful", which she performed while standing on a stage set with red baroque style curtains in the background, was the thirteenth song on the set list. On December 11, 2010, Rihanna was invited to appear on series seven of the UK version of "The X Factor" to perform her new single "What's My Name?. She also performed "Unfaithful" with finalist Matt Cardle, who later won the series. In June 2011, Rihanna embarked upon the Loud Tour, her third major worldwide tour. "Unfaithful" was the fourteenth song on the tour's set list. Rihanna performed the song on a levitating stage while wearing a long yellow dress and with a fan blowing her skirt up,




Jimmy Roberts

James Wilfred "Jimmy" Roberts (April 9, 1940 – October 23, 2015) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman and forward. He went by both the nicknames of Jimmy and Jim. Roberts played for the Montreal Canadiens and for the St. Louis Blues. He won two Stanley Cups during his career. He retired in 1978 after a twenty year career.

Roberts died on October 23, 2015 of cancer in St. Louis, Missouri at the age of 75.

Philip French

Philip Neville French OBE (28 August 1933 – 27 October 2015) was a British movie critic and former radio producer. French began his career in journalism in the late 1950s, before becoming a BBC Radio producer, and later a movie critic.

He began writing for "The Observer" in 1963, and continued to write criticism regularly there until his retirement in 2013.

French was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire in December 2012. He died of a heart attack at the age of 82.

Nicolás Fuentes

Nicolás Fuentes Fuentes (20 February 1941 – 28 October 2015) was a Peruvian football player. Fuentes made 17 appearances for the Peru national football team from 1965 to 1971, including playing at the 1970 FIFA World Cup.

Fuentes died from respiratory failure caused by diabetes in Lima, Peru, aged 74.

Ernesto Boy Herrera

Ernesto Boy Herrera (September 11, 1942 – October 29, 2015) was a Filipino politician. Herrera was born in Samboan, Cebu, on September 11, 1942.

He served as Senator of the Philippines. He has been a trade union leader, an advocate of law and order, and a legislator in the 8th, 9th and 10th Congresses. He served as the General Secretary of the Trade Union of Congress of the Philippines from 1983 until his death in 2015.

Herrera died from cardiac arrest in Makati, Philippines, aged 73.


Willis Carto

Willis Allison Carto (July 17, 1926 – October 26, 2015) was a known American figure on the American far right. He called himself aJeffersonian and populist, but was known for his promotion of conspiracy theories and Holocaust denial.

Carto was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana.

Carto was thought to be one of America's most influential political racial theorists through the Liberty Lobby and successor organizations which he helped create. Carto ran a group supporting segregationist George Wallace's 1968 presidential campaign which formed the basis for the National Youth Alliance which promoted Francis Parker Yockey's political philosophy.

Carto died from cardiac arrest in Virginia at the age of 89.


Superstition (song)

"Superstition" is a funk and R&B ballad from Stevie Wonder. The song hit #1 on "Billboard" Hot 100 in January 1973. It also hit #1 on the U.S. soul singles chart.

The song advises not to believe in theories such as superstitions and the song references how adults blame children for the bad luck they have faced - <nowiki>"</nowiki>thirteen month old baby broke the looking glass<nowiki>"</nowiki>. The song became Stevie<nowiki>'s signature song and is his most performed live. On the charts it was succeeded by Timmy Thomas's "Why Can't We Live Together"</nowiki>

The song has been covered by The Jackson 5, Jeff Beck, Stevie Ray Vaughan and JoJo, among others.

Ants Antson

Ants Antson (11 November 1938 – 31 October 2015) was an Estonian speed skater. He competed for the Soviet Union. 

Antson had his best year in 1964, when he became European Allround Champion on the 1500 m at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, and set a new world record on the 3000 m. For his achievements that year, he received the Oscar Mathisen Award. He retired after the 1968 Winter Olympics.


Västanfors IF

Västanfors IF is a sports club in the town of Fagersta in Sweden. The club is nicknamed "Västanfläkt" ("Western Wind").

The club mainly runs bandy, and soccer. It earlier also ran floorball. The team colours are red and white. The club was founded in 1916.

The club has played 32 seasons in the Swedish top division. It won the Swedish national championship in 1954. The club played in the Swedish bandy top division since 2007. In 2012 the club was relegated to Division 1 in 2012.

The club also ran floorball acticity during the 1980s. The women's floorball team won the Swedish national championship in 1983 and 1985 and also won a silver medal in 1984.


Vertical-lift bridge

A vertical-lift bridge or lift bridge is a type of movable bridge in which a span rises vertically while remaining parallel with the road surface.

The vertical lift offers several benefits over other movable bridges such as the bascule and swing-span bridge. They are generally easier to design and easier to build. They usually cost less to build for longer moveable spans. The counterweights in a vertical lift bridges are only required to be equal to the weight of the deck. Bascule bridge counterweights must weigh several times as much as the span being lifted. As a result, heavier materials can be used in the deck, and so this type of bridge is especially suited for heavy railroad use.

Although most vertical-lift bridges use towers, each with counterweights. Some use hydraulic jacks located below the deck. An example is the span bridge at St Paul Avenue in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA. Another design used balance beams to lift the deck with pivoting bascules located on the top of the lift towers. An example of this kind is the La Salle Street Bridge in Chicago, Illinois, USA.

The biggest disadvantage to the vertical-lift bridge is the height restriction for ships passing under it. This is a result of the deck remaining suspended above the water.

Rachel Platten

Rachel Ashley Platten (born May 20, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter. She is best known for her 2015 single "Fight Song". The song was successful worldwide, including in the United States, Australia and Canada.

Platten was born on Manhattan, New York City. She grew up in Newton, Massachusetts.

Västerstrands AIK

Västerstrands AIK is a sports club in Karlstad, Sweden. The club was founded on 11 October 1940. It only runs a women's bandy team.

The women's bandy team has won the Swedish national championship in the years of 1991, 1992, 1994, 1997, 2001, and 2002. It has also been runner-up several times. The team colours are black and yellow.


Mel Daniels

Melvin Joe Daniels (July 20, 1944 – October 30, 2015) was an American professional basketball player. He played in the American Basketball Association (ABA) for the Minnesota Muskies, Indiana Pacers, and Memphis Sounds, and in the National Basketball Association for the New York Nets. Daniels was a two-time ABA Most Valuable Player and a seven-time ABA All-Star. He was enshrined in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2012.

Daniels died on October 30, 2015, at the age of 71. He had recently undergone heart surgery.


IFK Luleå

IFK Luleå is an sports club in the town of Luleå in Sweden. It was founded on 20 September 1900. The club played in the Swedish men's top association football top division in 1971.


IFK Holmsund

IFK Holmsund is a sports club Holmsund in Sweden. It was founded on 8 June in 1923 The men's soccer team plays its home games at Kamratvallen. The club participated in the Swedish men's soccer top division in 1967.



Metrojet Flight 9268

Metrojet Flight 9268 (KGL 9268/7K9268) was an international chartered passenger flight. On 31 October 2015, it left Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt flying to Saint Petersburg, Russia. It crashed in the Sinai desert 23 minutes after it took off. 

It reached an altitude of 31,000 ft (9,400 m) when it disappeared from radar. The aircraft, an Airbus A321-231, was carrying 217 passengers and seven crew members. As well as the crew, 214 of those aboard were Russian. The remaining three were Ukrainian, mostly tourists.

All 224 people were killed. The crash became the deadliest in Egyptian history.
Flight 9268 was carrying 217 passengers, of which 25 were children, plus seven crew members. The captain of the flight was 47-year-old Valery Yurievich Nemov and the first officer was Sergei Stanislavovich Trukhachev. According to the airline, captain Nemov had amassed more than 12,000 hours of flight time, including 3,800 hours on this aircraft type. First officer Trukhachev had 5,641 hours of flight time, including more than 1,300 hours on the aircraft type.

No Gravity (Shontelle album)

No Gravity is the second studio album by Barbadian recording artist Shontelle, released on September 21, 2010 by SRC Records.

"No Gravity" received mixed reviews.

Växjö Lakers HC

The Växjö Lakers HC is an ice hockey club in the town of Växjö in Sweden. It was established in 1997. The club won the Swedish national championship in 2015, 2018 and 2021.


Fishers, Indiana

Fishers is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 98,977.

Law of the land

The phrase law of the land (Latin lex terrae) is a legal term. It means all of the laws in force within a country or region. The term was first used in the Magna Carta. It was used to mean the laws of the kingdom. This was distinct from Roman law or civil law. In the United States, the Constitution declares it is the "supreme law of the land." It is the same as due process of law as justified by the Constitution.

While the Magna Carta first used the term, it did not actually become the law of the land until the reign of Edward I of England. It became closely associated with another phrase that helped define the law of the land' due process. During the reign of Edward II the Liberty of Subjects Act of 1354 stated:

1980 New Orleans Saints season

The 1980 New Orleans Saints season was the team's 14th season in the National Football League. 

They were the first NFL team to finish a season with 1 win and 15 losses. 

Their only win was against the New York Jets in week 15. They had trailed 7-13, but Archie Manning threw a touchdown to Tony Galbreath to lead 14-13 and would throw another one to win 21-20. Fans called their team the "Ain'ts" because of how they began with no wins and 12 losses by losing to the Rams 7-27.

One of the Saints' notable losses was in week 14 in San Francisco, California. The Saints were actually leading 35-7. However, the San Francisco 49ers ended up beating them in overtime, 38-35 on a game-winning field goal. The comeback is one of the best comebacks in NFL history. 

8 other teams have finished a season with 1 win and 15 losses after the 1980 Saints. These teams include the 1989 Cowboys, the 1990 Patriots, the 1991 Colts, the 1996 Jets, the 2000 Chargers, the 2001 Panthers, the 2007 Dolphins, the 2009 Rams, the 2016 Browns, and the 2020 Jaguars. The Detroit Lions in 2008 and the Cleveland Browns in 2017 would exceed it by losing all 16 games.

Legal process

Legal process (or sometimes "process"), are the proceedings in any civil lawsuit or criminal prosecution. It also describes the formal notice or writ used by a court to exercise jurisdiction over a person or property. This process is usually "served" upon a party, to require that party to come to court. It may take the form of a summons, mandate, subpoena, warrant, or other written order issued by a court.


Accounting software

Accounting software is a program that can run on a computer to track the total value of a company. Accounting software can be downloaded to a computer or can be used through a browser window by logging into a website.

Before computers all accounting information was stored in books called "ledgers". A general ledger was the book where the accountant wrote down all payments that came into a company and all payments that were made. A common term for keeping track of this information is called "keeping the books". A bookkeeper is another term for an accountant, but can sometimes means a person who does accounting but maybe doesn't have as much formal education as an accountant.

Accounting software can automate many of the more menial tasks of accounting. For example, many accounting software companies automatically pull in bank information. Instead of having to put in the payments made and cashed received, the program does it for you.



Maine Mendoza

Nicomaine Dei Capili Mendoza, popularly known as Maine Mendoza or Yaya Dub, is a Filipina actress, comedienne, internet celebrity, host, and model.

Mendoza was discovered because of her viral Dubsmash Videos in the internet. In the noontime show Eat Bulaga's "Kalyeserye", she was cast as "Yaya Dub", the maid of Grandma Nidora (portrayed by actor Wally Bayola). Her accidental pairing to actor Alden Richards led to the formation of the love team "AlDub".

Maine Mendoza was born in the province of Bulacan on March 3, 1995. Her parents were Mary Ann and Teddy Mendoza. She has two brothers and two sisters and all of their names start with "Nico." She finished her elementary education at St. Paul School of Sta. Maria Bulacan and high school at St. Paul College of Bocaue. She completed a bachelor's degree in Hotel, Restaurant and Institution Management major in Culinary Arts at De La Salle-College of St. Benilde.

Mendoza rose to popularity because of her viral Dubsmash Videos of celebrities like Kris Aquino. Her famous character "Yaya Dub" first appeared on July 5, 2015. Her character was accidentally paired to the actor Alden Richards which led to the formation of the love team "AlDub". In "Kalyeserye", the two communicated each other through the use of audio samples and handwritten messages shown on the split screen. Mendoza and Richards will have their first film together, "My Bebe Love", at the end of year 2015. This movie will be Mendoza's first film debut.

Ölmbrotorp

Ölmbrotorp is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 548 people lived there.

Odensbacken

Odensbacken is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,374 people lived there.

Latorpsbruk

Latorpsbruk is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 597 people lived there.

Norra Bro

Norra Bro is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 687 people lived there.

Stora Mellösa

Stora Mellösa is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 776 people lived there.

Askersby

Askersby is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 243 people lived there.

Ekeby-Almby

Ekeby-Almby is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,271 people lived there.

Hampetorp

Hampetorp is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 297 people lived there.

Kilsmo

Kilsmo is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 263 people lived there.

Vintrosa

Vintrosa is a locality in Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 1,343 people lived there.

Lanna

Lanna is a locality in both Lekeberg Municipality and Örebro Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 537 people lived there.

Tower house

A tower house is a tower that has been built for two purposes: First, it has been built so that it is easy to defend, and secondly, it serves as living quarters. Tower houses first appeared in the Middle Ages, in mountainous or limited access areas. They were built there to both command and defend strategic points with a small force. At the same time, they were also used as an aristocrat's residence. Very often, a castle town was constructed around these houses.

Sceptrum Brandenburgicum

Sceptrum Brandenburgicum (or "Sceptrum Brandenburgium" – Latin for "scepter of Brandenburg") was a constellation. It was created in 1688 by Gottfried Kirch, astronomer of the Prussian Royal Society of Sciences. It represented the scepter (a symbol of royalty or power) used by the royal family of the Brandenburgs. It was located west of the constellation of Lepus. The constellation was quickly forgotten and is not official any more. It led to a star later being called "Sceptrum". That star is now called 53 Eridani.


Judge Rinder

Judge Rinder is a British reality television show. It has aired daily on ITV from 11 August 2014. Robert Rinder is the judge of the show. He judges cases about arguments that are usually about money, but it can be different. The program takes place in a small-claims courtroom. The show has the same format as American court shows like Judge Judy and Judge Mathis. A case takes an hour to film. It is edited down to fit a number of cases into the given time slot.

Series 2 and 3 episodes are being aired at the same time. A total of 100 episodes were ordered for the two series.

Täby Church

Täby Church () is a medieval church in Täby Municipality in Sweden. It was belongs to the Church of Sweden and was built during the 13th century. On its walls and ceilings are paintings by Albertus Pictor.

Deaths in November 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in November 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Günter Schabowski

Günter Schabowski (4 January 1929 – 1 November 2015) was an East German journalist and politician. He was an official of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED), the ruling party during most of the existence of the German Democratic Republic.

Schabowski gained worldwide fame in November 1989 when he improvised a slightly mistaken answer to a press conference question, raising popular expectations so rapidly that massive crowds gathered the same night at the Berlin Wall, forcing its opening after 28 years.

Schabowski died from complications of a stroke in Berlin, aged 86.

Qubo

Qubo (stylized as qubo) is an American children's entertainment brand owned by Ion Media. It included a 24-hour television channel available with an antenna, a video on demand service, and a weekly programming block on Ion Television under the name "Qubo Kids Corner", which was its sister network, along with the same block on another sister channel, Ion Plus. Qubo closed after Ion Media's acquisition by the E. W. Scripps Company.

Qubo began in September 2006. It was developed by several companies together, including Ion Media Networks, Corus Entertainment, Scholastic Corporation, Classic Media, and NBC. It was to be a "building block for kids" (as stated by president Rick Rodriquez). Like Ion, Qubo would air blocks on NBC and in Spanish on Telemundo. This happened until 2012, when NBC was bought by the cable company Comcast and that company took off Qubo programming for a new block from Sprout, which Comcast already owned. Spanish audio was also available through a second audio program on the Qubo channel itself. It also had its shows on a website accessible on-demand.

Following Ion Media's acquisition by the E. W. Scripps Company, it ceased operations on February 28, 2021.

Hans Modrow

Hans Modrow (; 27 January 1928 – 10 February 2023) was a German politician. He was best known as the last communist premier of East Germany. He was the honorary Chairman of the Left Party. After the German reunification, Modrow served as a member of the European Parliament (1999–2004) and of the Bundestag.

Tabitha St. Germain

Tabitha St. Germain (born October 30, 1964), formerly known as Paulina Gillis Germain, Tabitha, or Kitanou St. Germain, is an American, Canadian Actress, Singer, Voice actress, and Comedienne. She is known for her voice roles in many TV shows, but most of all is "" for Rarity, Princess Luna, Granny Smith, and Derpy Hooves. She voices Wysteria and Minty from "My Little Pony".

Gus Savage

Augustus Alexander "Gus" Savage (October 30, 1925 – October 31, 2015) was an American politician. He was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Illinois. He served as a representative from 1981 through 1993. Savage was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Savage died in Olympia Fields, Illinois at the age of 90.

Frederick Muhlenberg

Frederick Augustus Conrad Muhlenberg (; January 1, 1750 – June 4, 1801) was an American minister and politician.

He was the first Speaker of the United States House of Representatives serving from 1793 through 1795. He was a delegate to the Pennsylvania state constitutional convention and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania and a Lutheran pastor by profession. Muhlenberg was born in Trappe, Pennsylvania.

The claim that Muhlenberg, as House Speaker, prevented German from becoming an official language of the United States is false.


My Name is Earl

My Name Is Earl is an American sitcom. It was broadcast from September 20, 2005, to May 14, 2009 and was created by Greg Garcia. The series was produced by 20th Century Fox Television. In the United States, it is broadcast on the NBC television network. The series ended on May 14, 2009 after running for four seasons. Season four had ended with the caption 'To Be Continued'. The series' producer, 20th Century Fox Television, approached the Fox networks to continue the series.

The show centers on Earl Hickey, a not-so-smart petty crook. He lives in fictional Camden county. Unexpectedly he wins the lottery. He is dancing in the street with joy over winning $100,000 when he is hit by a car. He decides this is karma paying him back for all the bad things he has done. Making a list of everyone he has wronged, he starts by righting the first wrong on his list. Suddenly the lottery ticket comes back into his possession again. This makes him think he was right about karma. He believes if he does good things to other people, good things will come to him. He uses his winnings to right his former wrongs, one at a time.


Jason Lee was selected for the title role. He had co-starred in several Kevin Smith films. He also starred in "The Incredibles". The program quickly became one of NBC's highest rated new programs. In 2006, the pilot won Emmy Awards for Greg Garcia and Marc Buckland. In 2007, Jaime Pressly won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series. The series received nominations for a Golden Globe Award (2006), British Academy Film Awards (2007 and 2008), and a People's Choice Award (2008).

Abner J. Mikva

Abner Joseph Mikva (January 21, 1926 – July 4, 2016) was an American judge, lawyer, academic and politician. He was a Democrat and of Jewish descent. He was known by many as an important liberal figure in Chicago and American politics. In later years, he was known for being a mentor to Barack Obama.

Mikva served as a U.S. Representative representing Illinois from 1969 through 1979. He was also a federal judge appointed by Jimmy Carter. He served as judge from 1979 through 1994. He later served as the White House Counsel for Bill Clinton serving from 1994 through 1995. He has also served as a law professor at Northwestern University, the University of Chicago, and the University of Illinois.

Mikva was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Mikva studied at the University of Chicago. He received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama on November 24, 2014. Mikva was married to Zorita Wise from 1948 until his death in 2016. They had three daughters.

Mikva died under hospice care in Chicago, Illinois from complications of bladder cancer on July 4, 2016, aged 90. He was also suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at the time of his death.


Nonsan

Nonsan is a city in Chungnam-do (South Chungcheong Province), South Korea. It is located at 36°12′N 127°5′E.

The population of Nonsan is 128,077. There are 55,451 households in the city.

Nonsan has a train station. Local, national, and express (KTX) trains stop there. The trains connect Nonsan to all big cities in the country. There are also bus stations in Nonsan. Some busses are for local service; others are for regional and for national service. An expressway connects the city to Daejeon and other cities.

The economy of Nonsan includes farming, fishing, Konyang University, an army training center, and food processing companies. Farming is the most important of these.

Rice is the most important crop. Other important crops include strawberries, ginseng, napa cabbage, watermelons, and Korean pears. Nonsan is known as the "strawberry capital of Korea," and holds a strawberry festival each year. 

Attractions in greater Nonsan include Gwanchoksa (a Buddhist temple with a large statue of a standing Buddha), Baekje Military Museum, Tapjeong Reservoir, the ruins of Noseong Sanseong (Fortress), and Donam Academy, one of the nine neo-Confucian "seowons" from the Joseon Dynasty. There is also Nonsan Sunshine Land, south of the city proper. This is where the television series "Mr. Sunshine was filmed. It is now a re-created 1900s urban setting that tourists can visit"

Jaws (novel)

Jaws is a 1974 American novel by Peter Benchley. It is about a great white shark that eats several people in the ocean near a small town in Long Island, New York. Three men set out on a boat to hunt and kill the shark. Benchley was partly inspired by the adventures of a shark fisherman named Frank Mundus.

Millions of copies of the novel were sold. In 1975, a movie based on the book, also called "Jaws", was released. The movie was directed by Steven Spielberg.

Fisherman

A fisherman or fisher is a person who catches fish, and sometimes other animals that live in water. Catching fish is known as fishing. There are about 38 million fishermen. Fishermen usually catch fish so that they can sell the fish to make money, or so that they can eat the fish. Some fishermen do not fish for money or food, and instead fish as a hobby.


The Taste

The Taste was an American cooking reality television series on ABC. It aired from January 22, 2013, through January 22, 2015. It starred Anthony Bourdain, Ludo Lefebvre, Marcus Samuelsson, and Nigella Lawson. On May 7, 2015, ABC cancelled "The Taste" after three seasons.

Nadine Velazquez

Nadine Velazquez (born November 20, 1978) is an American actress and model. She was born in Chicago. She is best known for her role as Catalina Aruca in the NBC television series "My Name Is Earl". She also starred in "The League" and "Major Crimes".


Greg Garcia

Gregory Thomas Garcia (born April 4, 1970) is an American television producer and screenwriter. He was born in Arlington County, Virginia. He was the creator and producer of the comedy series, "Yes, Dear". He was the creator and executive producer of "My Name Is Earl". He also worked for the series "Family Matters". He was the consultant in "Family Guy". He produced the Fox series "Raising Hope". He left that series in 2013.

Foundation series

The "Foundation" series is a series of seven science fiction stories written by Isaac Asimov. They follow on from each other. 

"Foundation" was originally a series of eight short stories published in "Astounding Magazine" between May 1942 and January 1950. According to Asimov, the premise was based on ideas set forth in Edward Gibbon's "The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire".

Asimov wrote the three books "Foundation", "Foundation and Empire" and the "Second Foundation" in 19501952. They dealt with a remarkable two-part idea. The Foundation was a research project, run by advanced social forecasting and social planning. It is based on the ideas of the character called Hari Seldon. Seldon developed "psychohistory". This method predicts the future, but only on a large scale. Seldon foresees the fall of the Galactic Empire, which includes the entire Milky Way, and a dark age lasting 30,000 years before a second great empire arises. 

"Foundation and Empire" tells how the Empire was destroyed, and what followed. 
The Foundation takes over what remains of the Empire, and applies its social science methods. The now peaceful galaxy is disrupted by an unpredictable event. A mysterious person arises. He is known only as "the Mule". The Mule is a mutant, and can sense and manipulate the emotions of others, often creating fear. He uses this ability to take over the independent systems bordering the Foundation, and conquers the Galaxy.

"Second Foundation" is about the Mule's search for the Second Foundation, which has been tucked away in a hard-to-find part of the galaxy. As the Mule comes closer to finding it, the mysterious Second Foundation comes out of hiding to face him. It is a collection of the most intelligent humans in the galaxy. Using its strongest minds, the Second Foundation wears down the Mule. His destructive attitude is adjusted to a benevolent one. He returns to rule over his kingdom peacefully for the rest of his life, without any further thought of conquering the Second Foundation.

Thirty years later, he wrote the sixth and seventh books that tell what happened later. Then he wrote the first and second books that tell what happened before.

The books in order of the plot are:


An account of the series is as follows:

10,000 years in the future, all humans in the Galaxy live in an empire, ruled by an Emperor on the planet Trantor. Dr. Hari Seldon, a mathematician , arrives on Trantor to give a talk. He has an idea that the history of the human race can be predicted by mathematics, but the problem is too much for him alone. Seldon can see that the fall of the empire is coming and wants to help preserve the science of humans.

With the assistance of Dors Venabili, Yugo Amaryl and many others, Seldon spends his whole life to create a ‘Foundation’. This foundation is a colony of scientists on Terminus, which is an isolated planet far away from Trantor. Their job is to become the foundation for a new empire. He is also assisted by Eto Demerzel, a high government official, who is secretly a robot named Daneel Olivaw. Daneel is many thousands of years old. Seldon asks his grand-daughter Wanda, who has unusual mental powers, to help create a secret Second Foundation.

After Seldon’s death, the people on Terminus create new and powerful technology. They take over nearby planets and start trading with other planets. The Foundation fights the armies of the empire that attack them, but as Seldon thought would happen, the empire armies are defeated.

A mysterious man, known only as the Mule, has begun taking over planets belonging to the Foundation with his armies. No-one has seen him and no one knows how he manages to conquer them. Ebling Mis, a scientist, thinks he has discovered the reason; the Mule has mental powers that help him to make his enemies loyal to him. Mis has also discovered where the Second Foundation is located, but dies before he can tell anyone. 

The leader of the secretive Second Foundation, who also has strong mental powers, comes face-to-face with the Mule, and adjusts his mind so that he will not conquer anymore and will leave the Foundation alone.

Golan Trevize, a politician on Terminus, travels by spaceship with Janov Pelorat, to find the Second Foundation. They visit many planets but find no evidence of it. But Pelorat thinks that it may exist on the planet known as Earth. 

Meanwhile, Stor Gendibal, a prominent member of the Second Foundation, discovers that people with mental powers – known as Mentalics – exist. They are a force as powerful as the Mule was, and more powerful than even the Second Foundation. 

Trevize and Pelorat discover a planet called Gaia, which is inhabited solely by Mentalics. Trevize is made to decide what the future of the galaxy will be. Gaia plans to absorb the entire Galaxy into one shared intellect. Gendibal is sent back home to the Second Foundation, which is actually secretly based on Trantor.
Trevize and Pelorat continue with the search for Earth with an inhabitant of Gaia known as Bliss. They search for a long time and eventually discover Earth. Earth no longer has any people living on it. They travel to the Earth's satellite, known as the Moon. There they meet a robot called Daneel Olivaw.

Olivaw explains that he has been guiding human history for thousands of years, and that he helped Seldon to set up the original Foundation. This is how the Seldon plan has remained on course. Olivaw tells them that his electronic brain cannot last much longer and that he is going to die. He explains that he must combine his mind with an organic (human) mind before this happens.

Isaac Asimov planned to continue the stories, but was unable to do so. Other authors have written stories to suggest what happened next.

List of exoplanets

This is a list of exoplanets.


Aske (EP)

Aske (Norwegian: ashes) is an extended play by the Norwegian black metal solo project Burzum. The EP was recorded in August of 1992 in Grieg Hall, Bergen, Norway. It was released in March of 1993 through Deathlike Silence Productions.

The cover of the EP is a photograph of the Fantoft Stave Church after it was burned down on 6 June 1992. It is believed that Varg Vikernes took the photo himself. In 1994 he was convicted of burning down the Fantoft Stave Church along with other historic churches.

The bass guitar on the EP was played by Samoth from the Norwegian band Emperor.



Millionaires' Mile

The Millionaires' Mile, Millionaire's Mile, Millionaires' Row, Millionaire's Row or Alpha Street is a term referring to exclusive residential neighborhoods of various towns. They are often located alone on a strip such as a riverside or a hilltop drive. They can also be located at a wide town boulevard.


Linköpings FC

Linköpings FC is an association football club in the town of Linköping in Sweden. it was established in 2003 when the Kenty DFF women's association football club decided to merge with the ice hockey club Linköpings HC under the new name Linköpings FC. The club won the Swedish women's association football national championship of 2009.


Linköping Arena

The Linköping Arena is an association football stadium in the town of Linköping in Sweden. It was opened in 2013 and has a capacity of 8 500 and hosted four games during the UEFA Women's Euro 2013 tournament. The stadium became home to Linköpings FC women's association football team after that tournament. The name was discussed for a while and the project was named the Arena Linköping before the name was changed to Linköping Arena.


Lopez Tonight

Lopez Tonight was an American late night talk show that premiered on November 9, 2009. It was hosted by George Lopez for four days this week until its cancellation on August 12, 2011.

Kepler's laws

Kepler's laws of planetary motion are three laws that describe the motion of planets around the sun:
Johannes Kepler found these laws, between 1609 and 1619. 

Kepler's laws improve the model of Copernicus. If the eccentricities of the planetary orbits are taken as zero, then Kepler basically agrees with Copernicus:

The eccentricities of the orbits of those planets known to Copernicus and Kepler are small, so the rules above give good approximations of planetary motion; but Kepler's laws fit the observations better than Copernicus's.

Kepler's corrections are not at all obvious:

The eccentricity of the orbit of the Earth makes the time from the March equinox to the September equinox, around 186 days, unequal to the time from the September equinox to the March equinox, around 179 days. A diameter would cut the orbit into equal parts, but the plane through the sun parallel to the equator of the earth cuts the orbit into two parts with areas in a 186 to 179 ratio, so the eccentricity of the orbit of the Earth is approximately
which is close to the correct value (0.016710219) (see Earth's orbit).
The calculation is correct when perihelion, the date the Earth is closest to the Sun, falls on a solstice. The current perihelion, near January 4, is fairly close to the solstice of December 21 

DJ Jazzy Jeff

Jeffrey Allen Townes (born January 22, 1965), also known as DJ Jazzy Jeff, is an American record producer of hip hop and R&B. He is best known for taking part at the beginning of his career with Will Smith as DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince.

DJ Jazzy Jeff graduated from the John Bartram High School in Philadelphia where his name is inscribed as one of the students outstanding.

DJ Jazzy Jeff is not to be confused with MC Jazzy Jeff, which, in fact, filed and won a lawsuit over the name Jazzy Jeff against Jeff Townes when Jive Records signed DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince.

He also participated in the series The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air as Jazz, making an appearance in several chapters.

Jeff married Lynette C. Jackson on July 31, 2010. He has two sons.


Yes, Dear

Yes, Dear is an American television series that aired from October 2, 2000 to February 15, 2006 on CBS. It starred Anthony Clark, Jean Louisa Kelly, Mike O'Malley and Liza Snyder.

In the US, the repetitions of the series can be seen on Nick at Nite, Nick Jr. (block as part NickMom) and CMT. In Canada, it's on Joytv.

Shannon Woodward

Shannon Marie Woodward (born December 17, 1984) is an American actress known for her roles as Sabrina in Raising Hope and Di Di Malloy in The Riches. She was born in Phoenix, Arizona.

The Riches

The Riches is an American television series on FX. It aired from March 12, 2007 to April 29, 2008. It is about a family of a father (Eddie Izzard), mother (Minnie Driver) and their three children as they swap their lives as travelers, crooks and thieves by pretending to be a wealthy family in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

Black Mark Productions

Black Mark Productions (founded in 1991) is an independent record label company from Sweden. It has offices in Berlin, Toronto, Stockholm, and New York. The label is known for working with extreme metal bands, including Bathory and Edge of Sanity. The name of the label came from Bathory's album, "Under the Sign of the Black Mark".


Gregg Palmer

Gregg Palmer (born Palmer Edvind Lee; January 25, 1927 – October 31, 2015) was an American television and movie actor. He was known for his roles in "Gunsmoke", "Death Valley Days", and "The Virginian". He guest starred five times on "Bonanza", NBC's longest-running western. He was born in San Francisco, California.

Palmer died at the age of 88 in Encino, California from unknown causes.

Thomas Blatt

Thomas "Toivi" Blatt (born Tomasz Blatt; April 15, 1927 – October 31, 2015) was a Polish-American writer and speaker. At the age of 16, Blatt was one of the few Jewish people to survive an uprising and escape from the Sobibor extermination camp in October 1943. 

Following the World War II he settled in the United States. Blatt later wrote two books about Sobibor. His memoir, "From The Ashes of Sobibor" (1997), is about his experience in the camp. He also wrote "Sobibor, the Forgotten Revolt" (1997), a history based on his years of research.

Blatt died at his home in Santa Barbara, California on October 31, 2015 at the age of 88.


Spacetoon Plus

Spacetoon Plus is an Indonesian television channel. It specializes in anime and children programs. Spacetoon Group has 3 channels in Indonesia: Spacetoon, Spacetoon 2 and the now-defunct Spacetoon (Indonesia) today.

The channel began broadcasting in April 2005. It has two primary headquarters. One opened in 2009 in Jakarta.






Fellow traveller

Fellow travellers were supporters of the Soviet Union who were not members of the Communist Party. 

They were a varied group of western intellectuals, writers and bohemians who declared their sympathies for the Soviet Union at the height of Stalinism and into the 1970s of the 20th century. 

The Sands of Mars

The Sands of Mars is a science fiction novel written by Arthur C. Clarke. It was first published in 1951 and has been reprinted many times.

Martin Gibson is a famous science fiction author. He has written stories about the planet Mars, but has not actually been there. He travels with the crew of a spaceship to visit Mars.

On Mars, Gibson meets the people who manage the human settlement on Mars. They are working hard to make the colony as self-sufficient as possible (so that they don't have to import supplies from Earth)

Gibson joins a party of men exploring the surface of Mars. They discover a small group of kangaroo-like creatures, which had not been seen before. They are vegetarians, living on native plants.

Researchers try to cultivate these plants to increase the oxygen content of the Martian atmosphere, so that in a few hundred years, people can live without spacesuits.

Gibson discovers that Jimmy Spencer, one of the crew of the spaceship, is his son. Spencer has fallen in love with Irene Hadfield, who lives on Mars. 

Gibson decides to stay on Mars, fascinated with the importance of the planet as a self-sufficient world.

Rottenbach (river)

The Rottenbach is a river that flows through Thuringia, Germany.

Lake Chad

Lake Chad is a large, shallow, endorheic lake in the African Sahel. It has varied in size over the centuries. 

Lake Chad shrank as much as 95% from about 1963 to 1998, but "the 2007 (satellite) image shows significant improvement over previous years". Lake Chad is economically important. It provides water to over 68 million people in the four countries surrounding it: Chad, Cameroon, Niger, and Nigeria. It is on the edge of the Sahara Desert. It is the largest lake in the Chad Basin, the largest drainage basin in Africa.

Fossils of an important extinct hominid were found in the dried lakebed of Lake Chad. This was "Sahelanthropus tchadensis". From evidence at the fossil site in Chad, it is thought to have lived about seven million years ago.

VK (company)

Mail.Ru Group (London Stock Exchange listed since November 5, 2010) is a Russian Internet company. It was started in 1998 as an e-mail service and went on to become a major corporate figure in the Russian-speaking segment of the Internet. As of 2013, according to comScore, websites owned by Mail.ru collectively had the largest audience in Russia and captured the most screen time. Mail.Ru's sites reach approximately 86% of Russian Internet users on a monthly basis and the company is in the top 5 of largest Internet companies, based on the number of total pages viewed. Mail.ru controls the 3 largest Russian social networking sites. It operates the second and third most popular Russian social networking sites, Odnoklassniki and Moy Mir, respectively. Mail.ru holds 100% of shares of Russia's most popular social network VK and minority stakes in Qiwi, formerly OE Investments (15.04%). It also operates two instant messaging networks (Mail.Ru Agent and ICQ), an e-mail service and Internet portal Mail.ru, as well as a number of online games.

Millennium Development Goals

The Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) are the eight targets of the United Nations. They were decided in 2000. All 189 United Nations member states (there are 193 now), and at least 23 international organizations, said they would try to help achieve the goals by 2015:


Each goal had specific targets, and dates for reaching those targets. To help progress, the G8 finance ministers agreed in June 2005 to provide enough funds to the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the African Development Bank (AfDB) to cancel $40 to $55 billion in debt owed by poor countries. This was to allow them to use resources for improving health, education and reducing poverty.

Developed countries' aid for the MDGs rose during the period. More than half went for debt relief. Much of the rest went towards natural disaster relief and military aid, instead of development.

Tiffany

Tiffany (given name) is a feminine given name.

Tiffany might also refer to:



Tiffany &amp; Co.

Tiffany & Company (better known as Tiffany or Tiffany's) is an American luxury goods company. Their main store is in New York City.

Tiffany sells jewelry, sterling silver, china, crystal, perfumes, watches and personal accessories, as well as some leather goods. Many of these goods are sold through direct-mail as well as at Tiffany stores. Tiffany is particularly known for its diamond jewelry. Tiffany markets itself as an judge of taste and style.

Founded in New York City in 1837, the store sold a wide variety of items as "Tiffany, Young and Ellis" in Manhattan. The name was shortened to Tiffany & Company in 1853 when Charles Tiffany took control. He established the firm's emphasis on jewelry.



UEFA Super Cup

The UEFA Super Cup is a match organised by UEFA. It is played every year. The winner of the UEFA Champions League plays against the winner of the UEFA Europa League. It is played in the middle of August.

The UEFA Super Cup started in 1972, with the winner of the Champions Cup playing against the winner of the European Cup Winners' Cup. It was not recognized by UEFA because it had a team that was banned from UEFA competitions, Rangers F.C.. Since there was no stadium chosen to host the game, they played one match at one team's stadium, and one match at the other's. In 1973, the first Super Cup final to be recognized by UEFA was played between Ajax and Milan. On aggregate (the added score from the 2 matches), Ajax won 6-1.

In 1991, the UEFA Super Cup between Manchester United and Red Star Belgrade was only played at Old Trafford (Manchester United's stadium) because of the war in Yugoslavia. In 1992, the Champions Cup was renamed the UEFA Champions League. In 1995, the European Cup Winners' Cup was renamed the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. The tournament was made the same. In 1998, the tournament was made 1 match with a host stadium. In 1999, The Cup Winners' Cup was ended by UEFA. The last Super Cup to be played with the winner of the Cup Winners' Cup was between Manchester United, winners of the Champions League, and Lazio, the winners of the last ever Cup Winners' Cup. Lazio won 1-0. In the year 2000, the Cup Winners' Cup was replaced in the Super Cup by the UEFA Cup. The first match to be played this way was between Real Madrid, the winners of the Champions League, and Galatasaray S.K., winners of the UEFA Cup. Galatasaray won 2-1.

In 2009, the UEFA Cup was renamed the UEFA Europa League. The tournament stayed the same.


The UEFA Super Cup trophy is with UEFA at all times. A replica trophy is given to the winning club. Forty gold medals are given to the winning club and forty silver medals to the runners-up.

The Super Cup trophy has went through several changes in its history. The first trophy was presented to Ajax in 1973. In 1977, the original trophy was replaced by a plaque with a gold UEFA emblem. In 1987, the next trophy was the smallest and lightest of all the European club trophies, weighing 5 kg (11 lb) and measuring 42.5 cm (16.7 in) in height. The new model, which is a larger version of the previous trophy, was introduced in 2006 and weighs 12.2 kg (27 lb) and measures 58 cm (23 in) in height.


Francine Hughes

Francine Hughes (August 17, 1947 – March 22, 2017) is an American woman who suffered domestic abuse from her ex-husband named Mickey Hughes. She ended up killing him by setting fire to his bed on March 9, 1977. Mickey was killed and the house was destroyed in the fire. The story was made into a book and a movie. In No Child of Mine (where 35 year old Linda abused everyone), 35 year old Linda was acting like Mickey who lived with 13 year old Kerry (who didn't do anything wrong) in and for 13 years.

Hughes had suffered over a decade of beatings and verbal abuse from her husband. She divorced him, but every time she tried to keep him out of the house, he kept beating her. 

After Mickey was in a serious car accident, she visited him in the hospital. She then allowed him back in the house to recover from his injuries. He started drinking and beating her again. 

On the day he died, he beat her badly then burned her textbooks for classes she was taking. That night Hughes poured gasoline on her husband's bed and set him on fire. She then drove to the police station so she could to the killing. After trial in Lansing, Michigan, Hughes was found not guilty by reason of temporary insanity. 

Francine Hughes' story was made into a book by Faith McNulty. It was later made into a movie in 1984 titled "The Burning Bed". It starred Farrah Fawcett.

Charles B. Rangel

Charles Bernard "Charlie" Rangel (; born June 11, 1930) is an American politician. He served as the U.S. Representative for . A member of the Democratic Party, he was the second-longest serving member of the House of Representatives. He served from 1971 to 2017.

Rangel was the first African-American Chair of the influential House Ways and Means Committee. He is also a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus.


Andrzej Ciechanowiecki

Andrew Stanislaus (Andrzej Stanisław) Ciechanowiecki (28 September 1924 – 2 November 2015) was a Polish art historian, philanthropist, art collector, and antique dealer. 

He is the founder of the Ciechanowiecki Foundation at the Royal Castle in Warsaw (1986). He is an Honorary Professor of the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw and a member of the Polish Academy of Sciences. He was honored with the Order of the White Eagle in 1998, Grand Cross of Polonia Restituta, war medals, Gloria Artis Gold Medal and other awards.

Ciechanowiecki died in London at the age of 91.

Ahmed Chalabi

Ahmed Abdel Hadi Chalabi (‎; 30 October 1944 – 3 November 2015) was an Iraqi politician. He was interim Minister of Oil in Iraq serving from 16 April 2005 to 1 January 2006. He served as Deputy Prime Minister from 1 May 2005 to 20 May 2006. Chalabi failed to win a seat in parliament in the December 2005 elections.

Chalabi died on 3 November 2015 from a heart attack at his home in Kadhimiya, Baghdad, aged 71.


We Shall Overcome (Bernie Sanders album)

We Shall Overcome is an album of folk music recorded and released by Bernie Sanders in 1987. It was done when he was mayor of Burlington, Vermont. The album has since been released on iTunes and has attained a new wave of popularity as a result of Sanders' ongoing presidential campaign.

In 1987, Burlington-based musician Todd Lockwood was sipping coffee at Leunig's Bistro when he came up with the idea to ask the city's mayor, Bernie Sanders, to record a musical project at his studio, White Crow Audio. Lockwood called the mayor's office and left Sanders a message with a secretary. Sanders later called back to set up a meeting, where he told Lockwood "I have to admit to you this appeals to my ego."

Sanders made a list of ten songs he would be willing to record, five of which made the cut for the album.


Matt Bevin

Matthew Griswold "Matt" Bevin (born January 9, 1967) is an American businessman and politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He became the Governor of Kentucky on December 8, 2015. He left office on December 10, 2019.

Bevin became the President of Bevin Brothers Manufacturing Company in 2011.

In Kentucky's 2014 Senate election, Bevin was a Republican candidate and primary challenger to Mitch McConnell. At that time, McConnell was the Senate Minority Leader.

On November 3, 2015, Bevin was elected Governor of Kentucky.

On November 5, 2019, Bevin lost his re-election bid to State Attorney General Andy Beshear by less than 5,000.


Bill Saluga

Bill Saluga (born William Saluga; September 16, 1937) is an American comedian. He was born in Youngstown, Ohio. He was a founding member, along with Fred Willard, Michael Mislove, George Memmoli, and Patti Deutsch of the improvisational comedy troupe Ace Trucking Company. 

Saluga is best known for his cigar-smoking, zoot-suit-wearing television character “Raymond J. Johnson, Jr.”. He is famous for his catchphrase "You can call me Ray, or you can call me Jay, or you can call me Raymond J. Johnson, but you doesn't hasta call me Johnson!" 

Pete du Pont

Pierre Samuel "Pete" du Pont IV (January 22, 1935 – May 8, 2021) was an American lawyer and politician. He was born in Wilmington, Delaware.

He was the United States Representative for Delaware's at-large congressional district from 1971 to 1977. He then served as the 68th Governor of Delaware from 1977 to 1985. He is a member of the Republican Party.

du Pont ran for President of the United States in the 1988 U.S. presidential election. He lost the primaries to Vice President George H. W. Bush.

du Pont died on May 8, 2021 in Wilmington at the age of 86.


Sprout

Sprout is a brand for preschool-oriented programmes distributed by PBS Kids owned by PBS, Comcast, HiT Entertainment, and Sesame Workshop satellite and television network that is owned by the NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment Group subsidiary of NBCUniversal, itself a division of Comcast.

A Fall of Moondust

A Fall of Moondust is a science fiction novel written by Arthur C. Clarke. It was first published in 1961 and has been reprinted many times.

The story takes place on the Moon in the near future. A group of tourists are travelling on the surface of the moon, which is covered by a thin layer of very fine dust, a fine powder drier (it contains less water) than a desert on Earth. The tourists are travelling in a vessel called "Selene", that skims along the surface.

A 'moonquake' (similar to an earthquake) causes the dust to collapse, and "Selene" sinks below the surface. They cannot make contact with Control to call for help, and they only have enough air for a few days. The people are also generating heat, which is dangerous.

Captain Pat Harris and his stewardess Sue Wilkins try to keep the passengers occupied while waiting to be rescued. They are helped by a retired explorer, Commodore Hansteen.

Back at control, Chief Engineer Lawrence prepares to search for the lost tourists, although he doesn't think it can be done in time. But the trail left by Selene is seen by telescope from a satellite high above the Moon. The rescue attempt goes ahead.

Lawrence and his team do find the sunken ship and dig down through the dust to cut a hole in the hull. The tourists are able to climb out to safety, but with seconds to spare before Selene fills with dust and also catches fire.

Pat Harris and Sue Wilkins get married. 

Nintendo entertainment system clone

Nintendo entertainment system clones are hardware clones of the Nintendo Entertainment System and are rarely licensed. Nintendo has been cracking down on their production. Most of these consoles are manufactured in east Asia and are only sold in certain stores depending on their legality level. For example,a clone with pirated software built in is only sold at places like malls and flea markets. Ones that have original software built in are sold in places like dollar stores and pharmacies. Consoles that have no software built in and are intended to be a non-collector alternative to retro gamers are sold at used game stores.


Razem

Partia Razem (, "Together Party") is a left-wing Polish political party created in May 2015. It is one of the many parties that were involved in the Polish parliamentary election of 2015. The party supports labor rights and is against deregulation. It is democratically socialist and socialdemocratic. During the 2015 elections it has achieved 3.62% of the votes, but that was not enough to gain a seat in the parliament.

The colour of the party is red-violet.

Warren Commission

The President's Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy, known unofficially as the Warren Commission, was established by President Lyndon B. Johnson on November 29, 1963. Its purpose was to the assassination of United States President John F. Kennedy that had taken place on November 22, 1963. 

The Commission took its unofficial name—the Warren Commission—from its chairman, Chief Justice Earl Warren. According to published Transcripts of Johnson's presidential telephone conversations, some major officials did not want to form this commission. Also that several commission members took part only reluctantly. One of their chief reservations was that a commission would create more controversy and people's fears would be proved valid.

The 88th U.S. Congressional session passed Senate joint resolution 137 authorizing the Presidential appointed Commission to report on the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
Its 889-page final report was presented to President Johnson on September 24, 1964. It was made public three days later. It concluded that President Kennedy was assassinated by Lee Harvey Oswald. They also stated that Oswald acted entirely alone. The commission said that Jack Ruby also acted alone when he killed Oswald two days later. The Commission's findings have proven controversial. They have been both challenged and supported by later studies.




Sebastian Nerz

Sebastian Matthias Nerz (born 13 July 1983) is a German politician and bioinformatician. He was the leader of the Pirate Party Germany (Piratenpartei Deutschland) from May 2011 to April 2012. He left the Pirate Party Germany in February 2014. He has since joined the Free Democratic Party.

Nerz is the son of the physicians Rolf-Dieter and Christiane Uta Nerz, née Fiedler. He finished his high school education at Geschwister-Scholl-Schule in 2002. Nerz began his studies of bioinformatics at University of Tübingen in 2003 after finishing his mandatory civil service. In 2001 he became a member of the German Christian Democratic Union (CDU) in Tübingen, which he left in 2009. In June 2009 before the German federal election, he joined the Pirate Party, becoming a board member of its then newly founded Tübingen district assembly (). He also became the coordinator for regional politics in the Baden-Württemberg party association. From April 2010 to May 2011 he was the head of the regional party association. In 2010, he graduated with a diploma in bioinformatics. Nerz was elected the head of the party in May 2011. He was succeeded by Bernd Schlömer on April 28, 2012. Nerz left the Pirate Party Germany in February 2014.


Federal University of Toulouse Midi-Pyrénées

The Université Fédérale Toulouse Midi-Pyrénées is a public university in Toulouse. UFTMP has 14 schools and it has 15 academic departments and gives much importance to scientific and technological research.



Adam Wylie

Adam Augustus Wylie (born May 23, 1984) is an American actor, voice actor, singer, Broadway musical performer and a former Crayola spokesman. He's known for voicing Peter Pan in "Jake and the Never Land Pirates".

Howard Coble

John Howard Coble (March 18, 1931 – November 3, 2015) was an American politician. He served as a U.S. Representative for , serving from 1985 to 2015. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Coble had skin cancer for many years. He was admitted to ICU in September 2015 after complications from skin cancer surgery. Coble died on November 3, 2015, in Greensboro, North Carolina at the age of 84 from complications of the surgery.


René Girard

René Noël Théophile Girard (; ; December 25, 1923 – November 4, 2015) was a French-American historian, literary critic, and philosopher of social science. His writings were based on anthropological philosophy. Girard was the author of nearly thirty books with his writings spanning many academic domains. His work was based on literary criticism, critical theory, anthropology, theology, psychology, mythology, sociology, economics, cultural studies, and philosophy.


Meningococcal disease

Meningococcal disease, also called meningococcal meningitis, is infections caused by the bacterium meningococcus ("Neisseria meningitidis"). If left untreated, the death rate is high. However, it can be prevented by vaccines. The disease is best-known for causing meningitis. It also causes blood infection, which then leads to sepsis. 

There are over 2,600 cases of bacterial meningitis in the United States per year. In developing countries, there are over 333,000 cases per year. The case death rate is between ten and twenty percent.

Meningococcal disease is not as spreadable as the common cold. However, it can be passed between people through saliva.

Eric Hobsbawm

Eric John Ernest Hobsbawm, CH, FBA, FRSL (; 9 June 1917 – 1 October 2012) was a British Marxist historian. He worked on the rise of industrial capitalism, socialism, and nationalism. His best-known works include his trilogy about what he called the "long 19th century" ("", "" and ""), "The Age of Extremes".


We Bare Bears

We Bare Bears is a children's TV show created by Daniel Chong. It premiered on Cartoon Network.

It is about 3 bear brothers: Grizzly, Panda, and Ice Bear (voiced by Eric Edelstein, Bobby Moynihan, and Demetri Martin), and their awkward attempts at communication with the human world in the San Francisco Bay Area. The series premiered on July 27, 2015. This series is Cartoon Network's first original series based on a comic.On August 12, 2015, Cartoon Network renewed the series for a second season.

Grizzly ""Grizz"" Bear is a fictional character. Grizzly is an anthropomorphic grizzly bear. His entire body is completely covered in brown fur. Grizzly is has a bubbly and hyperactive personality His is loud and talkative. He is an older brother of Panda Bear and Ice Bear. He is voiced by Eric Edelstein. 

His entire body is covered in brown fur. Grizz is in the middle in terms of height, he is taller than Panda but shorter than Ice Bear.

Not much is known about Grizzly's past, though what is known is he was parentless from a very young age. It is unknown what happened to his parents or who they were.

Grizzly is characterized as bubbly, hyperactive, loud, and talkative. 

The character recived mixed to negative reception. 

Panda Bear or Pan Pan is one of the protagonists of "We Bare Bears" created by Daniel Chong. Panda is voiced by Bobby Moynihan. He is a middle brother of Grizzly Bear and Ice Bear. 

Being a panda, his body is covered in black and white fur on his head (excluding the ears) and a stripe across his belly. He is shorter than his brothers, with a wider frame than both. He is shown to have small black eyes surrounded by black fur.
Panda is characterized as neurotic, artistic, and something of a drama queen.

Panda’s characterisim receive positive reviews from Fans who considered him an icon.

Ice Bear is one of the protagonist of the show We Bare Bears created by Daniel Chong. Ice Bear is voiced by Demetri Martin. He is a younger brother of Grizzly and Panda.
Ice Bear’s Character received Universal Acclaim 

Christmas carol

A Christmas carol (also called a noël, from the French word meaning "Christmas") is a carol (song or hymn) whose lyrics are on the theme of Christmas. They are traditionally sung on Christmas itself or during the surrounding holiday season. 

Carols were first sung thousands of years ago in Europe. They were sung by pagans at the celebration of the Winter solstice. Later, medieval carols were sung in elaborate formal rituals (such as the Catholic Mass). As they are known today, Christmas carols date back to about the 19th century. The tradition of going from house to house was not a part of Christmas caroling at first. It dates back further to Anglo-Saxon traditions. the word "wassail" comes from the Anglo-Saxon toast "Wæs þu hæl", meaning "be in good health". Wassailing likely predates the Norman conquest in 1066. The wishing of good fortune to neighbors produced the song "Here We Come-A-Wassailing". Another song, "We Wish You a Merry Christmas", also comes from the Wassailing tradition. The two forms, singing and wassailing, came together during the Victorian era in England. They produced the modern custom of Christmas caroling. Today Christmas carols are a very known tradition.

In the 1680s and 1690s, two French composers added carols into their works. Louis-Claude Daquin wrote 12 noels for the organ. Marc-Antoine Charpentier wrote a few instrumental versions of noels, plus one major choral work "Messe de minuit pour Noël". Other examples include:



Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology

Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology (TJHSST, TJ, Jefferson) is a high school in Virginia, United States. The school is a public school. It is part of the Fairfax Country Public Schools (FCPS). TJHSST is a selective school, which means that only a small group of people can go to the school. To decide who can go to the school, applicants (people who wants to go to the school) need to take an admission test, get a teacher recommendation, write essays, write a resume (a paper telling about who you are), and have good grades before. TJHSST is a very good school. "U.S. News & World Report" said that the school was the best public high school in the country from 2007 to 2013. In 2014 and 2015, TJHSST was first place again in Newsweek's "America's Top Schools" ranking.



Legal proceeding

A legal proceeding is any legal matter that is before a judge or tribunal. Legal proceedings refer to all parts of a trial or hearing. 

Legal proceedings for United States courts of appeals are called the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure. They apply to all courts of appeal and since December 4, 1967 to the United States Supreme Court.

Power kracker

The Power kracker (known as "Powerzone" before 2011 and "Power blaster" before 2012) are a line of unlicensed Nintendo entertainment system clones manufactured by Sinango and released in 2010. It has a sticker on it saying "76000 in 1" and shows large amounts of false advertising (Screenshots from existing modern games,uncredited reviews,ETC)and contains 76 pirated Nintendo Entertainment System games repeated circa 1,000 times. The Power Kracker has been reported as a common Famiclone to find at swap meets\flea markets. The console resembles an Xbox 360 controller and includes a lightgun, while the Powerzone resembles a Penguin.

A Study in Scarlet

A Study in Scarlet is a detective mystery novel written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It introduces his new characters, the detective Sherlock Holmes and his friend, Dr. John Watson. They became two of the most famous characters in literature.

Conan Doyle wrote the story in 1886, and it was published the next year. Holmes describes the story's murder investigation as his "study in scarlet": "There's the scarlet thread of murder running through the colourless skein of life, and our duty is to unravel it, and isolate it, and expose every inch of it".

The story and its main characters attracted little public interest when it first appeared. It was published in "Beeton's Christmas Annual" for 1887. Only 11 complete copies of the Annual exist now, and they have considerable value. Although Conan Doyle wrote 56 short stories about Holmes, "A Study in Scarlet" is one of only four full-length Holmes novels. The novel was followed by "The Sign of the Four", published in 1890.

"A Study in Scarlet" was the first work of detective fiction to have the magnifying glass as an investigative tool.

1881 Dr John H Watson having received a medical degree is attached to the British army war in Afghanistan; however after being badly wounded and stricken with fever, he is sent back to England with a half-pay pension for a year. Finding that he must move to cheaper lodgings, he makes the acquaintance of Sherlock Holmes -an eccentric student of chemistry and crime; this however is a sideline-Holmes real profession is that of a private consulting detective-with an extraordinary memory for both observation and knowledge Holmes can deduce both a persons profession and where they have been. Detective Gregson of Scotland Yard letters Holmes to consult him on a murder case. Holmes and Watson go to the scene of the crime-Holmes deduces that the victim Enoch Drebber had been poisoned; that the murderer smoke cigars; was over six feet tall and had a florid complexion, and that the cause of the murder was a woman. Despite a false start, Holmes tries to trap the killer with a fake ring advertisement but fails. The second murder is of secretary Joseph Strangerson who was stabbed in his hotel room. One clue is a small pillbox containing two pills-one harmless and one a poison. Holmes has a cabman try to lift his trunk-and arrests the cabman Jefferson Hope by name as the killer. Taken to Scotland Yard, Hope- who is dying from a weak heart- confesses: over twenty years before he was engaged to marry the daughter of a wealthy farmer in Salt Lake City Utah; however Strangerson killed the father and Drebber forced the girl to marry him; she died within a month of a broken heart; Hope vowed revenge and after many years traced Drebber and Strangerson to Cleveland Ohio; the now wealthy Drebber had Hope imprisoned; when Hope was released he found that Drebber and Strangerson fled to Europe-; St Petersburg Russia; Cobenhagen Denmark; Paris, France and then to London. Hope got himself hired as a Cabman so he could spy out his query. Drebber and Stragerson split up; the drunken Drebber gets himself thrown out of his boarding house for trying to court the landlady's daughter. Hope takes Drebber in his cab to the murder scene and confronts Drebber with his real identity. He then forces Drebber to take a pill while he eats the second one. Drebber dies looking at his wives wedding ring; Hope then goes after Strangerson and offers him the same choice-Starangerson tries to strangle Hope who stabs him. Hope decides to earn a little more money to go back to America even though he admits he has nothing left to live for having accomplished his revenge, when he hears a Baker Street Irregeler [a gang of boy spies employed by Holmes] inquire for him by name for a cab job. That very night Hopes heart bursts in his cell; after Holmes and Watson read about it in the newspaper Watson begins to write for the public an 18-year career of Holmes consulting work.

Garret Dillahunt

Garret L. Dillahunt (born November 24, 1964) is an American actor. He has played the role of Burt Chance on the Fox sitcom "Raising Hope". Dillahunt played the role of Ty Walker in the sixth season of "Justified".

Dillahunt was born on November 24, 1964 in Castro Valley, California. He grew up in Washington State. Dillahunt was a journalism major at the University of Washington. He then earned a Master's degree in Fine Arts (MFA) at New York University. 

Dillahunt began acting in television in the early 1990s. He made several guest appearances in programs such as 
"NYPD Blue" and "The X-Files". He later got a regular role playing two different characters on the HBO Network show "Deadwood". Dillahunt was cast to play Jesus Christ in the series "The Book of Daniel".

<br>

Molecular geometry

Molecular geometry is the way atoms are arranged in a molecule. The three-dimensional arrangement determines many properties of that molecule. There are many different molecular structures. They are organised by the number of atoms involved and the angles between the bonds.

The wide variety of different molecular structures depends on the number of atoms involved as well as the number of electron pairs, and these also determine the bond angles of the atoms. For example, a linear molecule will have a bond angle of 180° because the two atoms bonded to the central atom of a molecule are separated at a maximum angle of 180° equally opposite to each other. Bent molecules will have a bond angle of less than 180° but still have only two atoms bonded to the central atom of a molecule. That is because bent molecules have got electron pairs in the central atom that count as the electrons that will be separated from other atoms bonded to it.

Other shapes include:


Jessie Hill

Jessie Hill (December 9, 1932 – September 17, 1996) was an American R&B and Louisiana blues singer and songwriter. He was best known for his popular call and response song "Ooh Poo Pah Doo". As a singer, he recorded a successful single. In addition to his original, there have been over 100 cover versions made by other artists.

Hill was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. While still a teenager, he played drums in local bands. In 1951, while still drumming, he started his own group, the House Rockers. At first, Professor Longhair played piano, then later it was Huey "Piano" Smith. Hill got different musicians for the House Rockers in 1958, and started singing.

The idea for the song "Ooh Poo Pah Doo" began from some music played by a local pianist, who had the nickname Big Four. Hill wrote the lyrics and melody. Over time, while performing it on stage, it became a longer song. Hill also added an opening part written by Dave Bartholomew. In the end, the song became "a nonsensical yet rollicking call-and-response workout that perfectly captures the energy of French Quarter life...".

Hill recorded a demo that he shopped to local record labels, finally recording a session at Cosimo Matassa's studio. The record was produced by Allen Toussaint. When it was released in early 1960, it became popular, especially during Mardi Gras in New Orleans. That year, the record sold 800,000 copies and reached the Top 5 in the US "Billboard" R&B chart. It was in the Top 30 in the "Billboard" Hot 100 pop chart as well. There have been over 100 cover versions of "Ooh Poo Pah Doo" recorded and performed live over the years by other popular musicians.

Other records he made in New Orleans were not as successful. He then moved to California and worked with other musicians from New Orleans, including Harold Battiste and Mac Rebennack. Songs he wrote there were recorded by Ike Turner and Tina Turner, (singing together as "Ike & Tina Turner"), Sonny Bono and Cher (singing together as "Sonny & Cher") and Willie Nelson.

Stil living in California, a 1972 solo album was not successful at all. He ended up living in poverty and had a drinking problem. He moved back to New Orleans in 1977. He continued to drink alcohol and use narcotics. After he was arrested for drunk driving, he could no longer earn money driving his black Cadillac as a taxi. For a while he was homeless. There were several benefit concerts given to try to help him, but he did not recover from his failures.

Hill died of heart and renal failure in New Orleans in September 1996. He was 63. He is buried in Holt Cemetery in New Orleans, in a grave for the poorest citizens of the city.

Two of his grandsons are James and Troy "Trombone Shorty" Andrews. The pair performed "Ooh Poo Pah Doo" in Episode 7 of the HBO series "Treme". A third grandson, Travis "Trumpet Black" Hill, also performed as a trumpet player in New Orleans. He died from an infection while on tour in Tokyo on May 4, 2015.

Stade Vélodrome

The Stade Vélodrome is an association football stadium. It is in Marseille, France. It can hold 67,000 people. It was built in 1937 for the 1938 FIFA World Cup in France. It has been worked on many times, and has slowly turned into the stadium it is today. It is almost always used for Olympique Marseille matches. It was also used for the UEFA Euro 2016 in France.

Alfonso und Estrella

Alfonso und Estrella ("Alfonso and Estrella"), D. 732, is an German opera with music by Franz Schubert, and libretto by Franz von Schober. It was composed on 1821-22 in Vienna. And later was first performed in Weimar, on June 24, 1854.




List of NFL teams that finished a season at 1–15

This is a list of the National Football League teams that finished a season with 1 win and 15 losses. 11 teams finished a season with 1 win and 15 losses.

The 1980 Saints and the 2016 Browns started 0–14 before recording their first win. The 2007 Dolphins started 0–13 before recording their first win. The 2000 Chargers started 0–11 before recording their first win. The 2001 Panthers and the 2020 Jaguars won their season opener before losing 15 straight. The 2020 Jaguars was the last instance of an NFL team finishing 1–15, as the NFL expanded to a 17-game season starting in 2021.

Adriana Campos

Adriana Campos (February 27, 1979 – November 3, 2015), was a Colombian television, movie and stage actress. She worked with RCN Televisión and Caracol Televisión as an actress of telenovelas. She was known for her role as Nicole Aguilar in "Vecinos".

Campos died in a car accident in Salgar, Antioquia with her husband, aged 36.

Nora Brockstedt

Nora Brockstedt (20 January 1923 – 5 November 2015) was a Norwegian singer. She was born in Oslo. Brockstedt represented Norway in the Eurovision Song Contest 1960 and 1961, with the memorable songs "Voi-voi" and ["summer in Palma"] "Sommer i Palma".

Brockstedt died in hospital in Oslo from a long illness, aged 92.


Mating

Mating is the pairing of opposite-sex or hermaphrodite organisms. It is usually for sexual reproduction. Some definitions limit the term to pairing between animals. Other definitions extend the term to crossing in plants and fungi. It is usual for mating in plants or fungi to be called cross-fertilization, or "crossing" if the offspring have DNA from both genetic sources. 

Copulation is the union of the sex organs of two sexually reproducing animals for internal fertilization. Fertilization is the actual fusion of gametes.

Mating may also lead to external fertilization. This is done by amphibians, most fish, many lower animals, and plants. Many aquatic species just spread their eggs and sperm in the water at one specific time of year. That time varies between species. 

For some hermaphroditic species, copulation is not needed because the parent organism can self-fertilize (autogamy). In some flowering plants self-pollination can happen within the same flower, and some hermaphrodite animals self-fertilize. Many gastropods are hermaphrodite, and do simultaneous copulation in pairs. So do earthworms. 

In some birds, mating includes behaviors such as nest-building and feeding offspring. The human practice of artificial insemination of domesticated animals is part of animal husbandry.

Neptune Township, New Jersey

Neptune Township, New Jersey is a township in the U.S. state of New Jersey.

Melissa Mathison

Melissa Marie Mathison (June 3, 1950 – November 4, 2015) was an American movie and television screenwriter and an activist for Tibetan freedom. Her last movie produced and written was Disney's "The BFG" (2016).

She was best known for writing the screenplays for the movies "The Black Stallion" (1979); "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" (1982), for which she received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay; and "Kundun" (1997), a biographical-drama movie about the Dalai Lama, the exiled political and spiritual leader of Tibet.

From 1983 to 2004, Mathison was married to Harrison Ford. She died on November 4, 2015 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 65 from neuroendocrine cancer, a rare form of pancreatic cancer.

George Barris

George Barris (November 20, 1925 – November 5, 2015) was an American designer. He build many famous Hollywood custom cars, most notably the Munster Koach and 1966 Batmobile.

Barris was married to Shirley Nahas from 1958 until her death in 2001. They had two children. He died on November 5, 2015, in his sleep at his home in Encino, California from cancer, at the age of 89.


Woodbridge Township, New Jersey

Woodbridge Township, New Jersey is a township in the U.S. state of New Jersey.

Hans Mommsen

Hans Mommsen (5 November 1930 – 5 November 2015) was a German historian. He was the twin brother of historian Wolfgang Mommsen. Mommsen was known for his studies in German social history, and for his opinions of the Third Reich. He argued that Hitler was a "weak dictator". He also studied the Holocaust.


This Land Is Your Land

"This Land Is Your Land" is one of the best known folk songs in the United States. Its lyrics were written by American folk singer Woody Guthrie in 1940, based on a melody that already existed. Guthrie's melody was very similar to the melody of "Oh, My Loving Brother". This was a Baptist gospel hymn that had been recorded by the Carter Family as "When the World's On Fire", and had inspired their "Little Darlin', Pal of Mine." He used the same melody for the chorus and the verses.

Guthrie did not like Irving Berlin's song "God Bless America", sung at that time by Kate Smith. Guthrie was angry with the positive (smug) attitude of the song. He thought it was not realistic and the words sounded too proud of the country. The song was popular and was being played on the radio all the time. Tired of hearing it on the radio, he wrote a response originally named "God Blessed America For Me".

Guthrie rewrote the lyrics and the title over time and the song finally became "This Land Is Your Land". He sometimes added more overtly political verses in line with his views of communism than appear in recordings or publications.

Although Gutrie wrote the song in 1940, he did not record it until 1944. The song was not published until 1945, when it was included in a mimeographed booklet of ten songs with typed lyrics and hand drawings. The booklet was sold for twenty-five cents, and was copyrighted in 1951.

The first known professionally printed publication was in 1956 by Ludlow Music (now a unit of The Richmond Organization), which administered the publishing rights to Guthrie's song. Ludlow later issued versions with piano and guitar accompaniments.

In 2002, it was one of 50 recordings chosen that year by the Library of Congress to be added to the National Recording Registry.


Toms River, New Jersey

Toms River, New Jersey is a township in the U.S. state of New Jersey. It is the county seat of Ocean County.

Toms River was originally known as Dover Township. It was called Toms River so much that they voted to officially change the name of the town on November 7, 2006.

Shafiqa Quraishi

Shafiqa Quraishi is an Afghan activist for women's rights. In 2010, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Shafiqa Quraishi graduated from the police academy in Kabul in 1982. In 2002, she started to rise inside the police department, after the fall of the Taliban.

Quraishi did not work from 1996 until 2001. Because of the Taliban in Afghanistan, women could not work.

In 2010, Quraishi became a police colonel and the director of Gender, Human and Child Rights in the Ministry of the Interior of Afghanistan.

In 2011, Quraishi became Afghanistan's most senior policewoman. 

Quraishi started a group on the Afghan National Gender Recruitment Strategy. The goal of the group is to get 5,000 women to work in the Ministry of the Interior. 

She also worked to help women with child care, health care, maternity care, security, and skills training. Quraishi got promotions for women in the Afghan National Police who were unfairly passed over for years.

In 2010, Quraishi won the International Women of Courage Award from the United States Department of State.


Readhimer, Louisiana

Readhimer is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Paris-Saclay University

The University of Paris-Saclay (UPSaclay) is a public university in Paris, France. UPSaclay has nine schools and two colleges. The university also has seven research departments. Called a mega-university, their goal is to reach the same level of excellence as MIT, Oxford, Cambridge and Harvard Universities. It is a center for scientific and technological research. UPSaclay students, graduates, and faculty members are famous for being given many awards. The university was started in 2014. It is one of the most selective universities. The most popular major is engineering. It has already been called the "French Silicon Valley". Since October 2023, the university has been a partner of IPSA for double degrees in aerospace.


Genome editing

Genome editing is a type of genetic engineering.

DNA is inserted, replaced, or removed from a genome using artificially engineered nucleases, or "molecular scissors". The nucleases make specific double-strand breaks (DSBs) at desired places in the genome. The cell’s own mechanisms repair the induced break(s) by natural processes. 

At present there are four families of engineered nucleases being used.

To understand the function of a gene or a protein one interferes with it in a sequence-specific way, and watches its effects on the organism. However, in some organisms it is difficult or impossible to do site-specific mutation. Therefore more indirect methods have to be used. Examples are: 



Genome editing was chosen by Nature Methods as the 2011 Method of the Year. The technique is already being used, but implanting modified embryos into a woman is not yet permitted.

In 2017 this system was announced as one of the biggest scientific achievements of the year. Cas9 is an enzyme which, with a guide RNA, can put a new sequence of DNA into a genome. Sir John Skehel said "That might allow you to knock out a particular gene in a cell, or introduce a particular gene, or correct a particular mutated gene that you want to work better".

Small interfering RNA

Small interfering RNA (siRNA) is a class of double-stranded RNA molecules, 20-25 base pairs long. 

siRNA plays many roles, but it is most notable in the RNA interference (RNAi) pathway, where it interferes with the expression of certain genes. Genes are only affected if they have nucleotide sequences complementary to those of the siRNA. 

siRNA functions by breaking down mRNA after transcription. This prevents translation of the gene into protein. siRNA also acts in RNAi-related pathways, e.g., as an antiviral mechanism or in shaping the chromatin structure of a genome. The complexity of these pathways is only now being worked out.

Gene editing

Gene editing may refer to:


Harjit Sajjan

Harjit Singh Sajjan PC OMM MSM CD MP (born September 6, 1970) is a Canadian Liberal politician. He was the Canadian Minister of National Defence. Sajjan is also a Member of Parliament representing the Vancouver South riding. He was a decorated lieutenant-colonel in the Canadian Armed Forces. Before becoming a politician he spent 11 years as a police officer and detective.

As a teenager, Sajjan was baptised as a Sikh.

Pledge of Allegiance

The Pledge of Allegiance of the United States is an expression of allegiance to the Flag of the United States and the republic of the United States of America. It was originally composed by Colonel George Balch in 1887. It was changed by Francis Bellamy in 1892. It was formally adopted by the Congress as the pledge in 1942.

Liberty, Indiana

Liberty is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 2,000. It is the county seat of Union County.

Arcadia, Indiana

Arcadia is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, there were 1,515 people living in Arcadia.

List of awards and nominations received by Hugh Jackman

Australian actor and singer Hugh Jackman has won international recognition for his roles in major films, notably as superhero, period, and romance characters.

In November 2008, "People" magazine named Jackman that year's "Sexiest Man Alive."

On 21 April 2009, Jackman had his hand and footprint ceremony at the Grauman's Chinese Theatre.

He was awarded Best Performance By A Human Male award as Wolverine and a joint award for Best Cast award during the 2009 Spike Video Game Awards for the game X-Men Origins: Wolverine.

In December 2012, Jackman received a star on Hollywood's Walk of Fame.

[hugh jackman won the golden globe awards in 2013]

Isometry

Isometry is a concept of geometry. Isometry means that one shape can be transformed into another, but metrics such as the arrangement of the points in relation to each other stay the same. An isometry is a special way of changing things that makes sure the distance between every two points stays the same in both places.An isometry is a special kind of function that moves points around from one place to another. Some of these ways include turning objects, moving them in a straight line, flipping them, sliding them, or not moving them at all.

Most transformation that repeats itself after every two moves can either be a mirror image or a rotation by half. Every movement in a flat surface can be made by reflecting it at most three times. Every small group of transformations has at least one point that doesn't move. To be an isometry, a function needs to keep the distances between all points in both places the same. The distance from x to y is the same as the distance from f(x) to f(y).

If you draw something and then move it a certain way, the distances between the points on the first drawing will be the same as on the new drawing. Isometries are useful tools in many areas of mathematics, such as studying shapes, patterns, and how numbers behave. Metric spaces are helpful in Math because they help us study things like symmetry, congruence, and transformations. 

Skeletal muscle

Skeletal muscle is a form of "striated" (striped) muscle tissue. It is under the voluntary control of the somatic nervous system. Most skeletal muscles are attached to bones by bundles of collagen fibers that are known as tendons. It is one of three muscle types, the others being cardiac muscle and smooth muscle. 

Skeletal muscle is made up of individual muscle cells or myocytes, known as "muscle fibres". Muscle fibres do the work when muscles contract. A great deal is known about their structure and how they work. They contract when they get a nerve impulse.

Chris Stapleton

Chris Stapleton (born April 15, 1978 in Lexington, Kentucky) is an American country musician. 
He studied engineering in college before quitting school to try to become a musician at age 23. He is now signed to Universal Music Group in Nashville. Stapleton has written six number-one songs. Those songs include the five-week number one single "Never Wanted Nothing More" recorded by Kenny Chesney, "Love's Gonna Make It Alright" recorded by George Strait and "Come Back Song" recorded by Darius Rucker. 





Cardiac muscle

A cardiac muscle (heart muscle) is one of the three main types of muscle in vertebrates. It is involuntary: a person cannot control it consciously. Also, it is a in the walls of the heart. It makes up the tissue called the myocardium. 

The other types of muscle are the skeletal and smooth muscle. The cells that make up cardiac muscle have one (74%) or two (24.5%) nuclei. The myocardium forms a thick middle layer between the outer epicardium layer and the inner endocardium layer.

Coordinated contractions of cardiac muscle cells in the heart force blood out of the atria and ventricles to the blood vessels of the left/body/systemic and right/lungs/pulmonary circulatory systems. This mechanism illustrates systole (contraction) of the heart.

Cardiac muscle cells, unlike most other tissues in the body, rely on the coronary arteries to deliver oxygen and nutrients and remove waste products directly. There is no time for them to diffuse.

The heart muscle can become sick and weak. For example, if a person has very high blood pressure (hypertension), part of the heart muscle can get overworked. The heart muscle becomes bigger and cannot do its job as well. This is called hypertrophy.

If a person has a problem with the system that controls the heart, the heart muscle may not beat the way it needs to. It may beat too slowly to get blood out to the body (this is called bradycardia). Or it may beat so fast that the heart does not have time to fill with blood and then squeeze the blood out to the body. This is called tachycardia (there are many kinds).

The heart gets blood through the coronary arteries. These are special blood vessels that carry blood only to the heart. In order to do its job, the heart muscle needs a constant supply of blood and oxygen from the coronary arteries. If these coronary arteries get blocked, blood flow to the heart muscle can stop. Without blood flow, the heart muscle gets no oxygen. If this lasts long enough, the part of the heart muscle which is not getting enough oxygen dies. This is called a myocardial infarction, or a heart attack.

Selimiye Mosque

The Selimiye Mosque (Turkish: Selimiye Camii) is an Ottoman imperial mosque, which is in Edirne, Turkey. The mosque was commissioned by Sultan Selim II, and was built by architect Mimar Sinan between 1569 and 1575.

Dylan O'Brien

Dylan O'Brien (born August 26, 1991) is an American actor and musician. He is best know for his role as "Stiles" Stilinski in the MTV series "Teen Wolf". O'Brien also plays Thomas in the science fiction adventures "Maze Runner Series".

O'Brien was born in New York City. His parents are Lisa O'Brien, a former actress and Patrick O'Brien, a camera operator. He grew up in Springfield Township, New Jersey. When he was twelve his family moved to Hermosa Beach, California. His father has Irish ancestry. His mother has Italian, English and Spanish ancestry. When he graduated from Mira Costa High School in 2009, he planned to attend Syracuse University as a sport broadcasting , but he decided to move to Los Angeles to pursue an acting career. At fourteen, O'Brien began to post videos on his Youtube channel. Because of that, a local producer and director discovered him.

He went to several auditions. After meeting a manager he got one of the main roles in MTV's "Teen Wolf", a series based on the 1985 movie of the same name. He was originally planning to audition for the role of Scott, but after reading the script, O'Brien decided to audition for the role of Stiles. In 2013, O'Brien co-starred in the comedy movie "The Internship", with Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson. O'Brien played the lead role as Thomas in "The Maze Runner", a movie adaptation of the novel of the same name. They began filming in the summer of 2013. At the end of October 2014, he started filming the sequel "" in New Mexico. It was released on September 18, 2015 in the United States.

O'Brien was in a relationship with the actress Britt Robertson. They met on the set of "The First Time" in 2011. In October of 2018, news broke that the couple had split.O'brien is know for keeping his life private from social media. Because of this, there is no news on his current relationship status. 


Rebecca Soler

Rebecca Soler is an American voice actress who dubbed cartoons and anime for 4Kids Entertainment, Fox, Nickelodeon, Central Park Media and DuArt Film and Video. She grew up in Boston, MA and move it to Sugar Land, Texas. She is sometimes credited under the name "Jessica Paquet".




Fenethylline

Fenethylline, the generic name of Captagon, was first produced in the 1960s to treat hyperactivity, narcolepsy, and depression. It was banned in most countries by the 1980s for being too addictive. 

It remains popular in the Middle East and is used as a stimulant in the area to aid in combat. 

The drug is cheap and simple to produce, using ingredients that are easy and often legal to obtain, yet sells for up to $20 a tablet. A Lebanese psychiatrist, Ramzi Haddad, said that Captagon had "the typical effects of a stimulant", producing "a kind of euphoria. You're talkative, you don't sleep, you don't eat, you're energetic."

Constitutionality

Constitutionality refers to the agreement with a nations constitution, especially a law. When a law violates a constitution, it is unconstitutional. Most constitutional issues in the United States involve the Bill of Rights. These are the first 10 amendments to the US constitution. Something that is unconstitutional refers to an action by a government that s that government's authority. Most constitutions establish the powers that a government may have. Only a government action can violate a state or federal constitution. An example is the US Constitution that guarantees that the United States may not have an official religion. This is why holiday decorations at a city hall displaying only Christian images would be unconstitutional.

Atlanta, Indiana

Atlanta is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 712.

Gunnar Hansen

Gunnar Hansen (March 4, 1947 – November 7, 2015) was an Icelandic-American actor and author. He was best known for playing the mentally-ill cannibal Leatherface in "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" (1974). 

Hansen was born in Reykjavík, Iceland. He was raised in Maine and in Austin, Texas. He studied at the University of Texas at Austin. Hansen died of pancreatic cancer on November 7, 2015 at the age of 68.


José Ángel Espinoza

José Ángel Espinoza Aragón (October 2, 1919 – November 6, 2015), also known as Ferrusquilla, was a Mexican singer-songwriter and movie actor. He was the father of actress Angélica Aragón. He also was a composer working with the SACM (Society of Authors and Composers of Mexico) He was known for his roles in "House of Evil" and in "Two Mules for Sister Sara". He was born in Mazatlán, Sinaloa.

Espinoza died in Mexico City, Mexico from pneumonia, aged 96.

Spectre (2015 movie)

Spectre is a 2015 British-American spy movie and the twenty-fourth "James Bond" series produced by Eon Productions for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Columbia Pictures. It is the fourth movie to feature Daniel Craig as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond and the second movie in the series directed by Sam Mendes following "Skyfall", and was written by John Logan, Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and Jez Butterworth. It is the last "James Bond" movie to be distributed by Columbia Pictures, as Universal Pictures will internationally distribute the next movie in the series, "No Time to Die".

The story sees Bond pitted against the global criminal organisation Spectre and their enigmatic leader Ernst Stavro Blofeld (Christoph Waltz), who plans to launch a national surveillance network to mastermind criminal activities across the globe. The movie marks Spectre and Blofeld's first appearance in an Eon Productions movie since 1971's "Diamonds Are Forever"; a character resembling Blofeld had previously appeared in the 1981 movie, "For Your Eyes Only", but, because of the "Thunderball" controversy, he is not named, nor is his face shown. Several "James Bond" characters, including M, Q and Eve Moneypenny, return, with new additions Léa Seydoux as Dr. Madeleine Swann, Dave Bautista as Mr. Hinx, Andrew Scott as Max Denbigh and Monica Bellucci as Lucia Sciarra.

"Spectre" was filmed from December 2014 to July 2015 in Austria, the United Kingdom, Italy, Morocco and Mexico. The action scenes prioritised practical effects and stunts, while employing computer-generated imagery made by five different companies. "Spectre" was estimated to have cost around $245 million—with some sources listing it as high as $300 million—making it the most expensive Bond movie and one of the most expensive movies ever made.

"Spectre" was released on 26 October 2015 in the United Kingdom on the same night of the world premiere at the London Royal Albert Hall. It was followed by a worldwide release, including IMAX screenings. It was released in the United States and Canada on 6 November, and received fairly positive reviews from critics who praised the movie's action sequences, cinematography, acting and musical score, but criticized the screenplay and pacing. The theme song "Writing's on the Wall", performed and co-written by Sam Smith, won an Academy Award and Golden Globe for Best Original Song. "Spectre" grossed over $880 million worldwide, making it the sixth-highest-grossing movie of 2015 and the second-largest unadjusted total for the series after "Skyfall".

The next movie in the series, "No Time to Die", is set to be released on 2 April 2021, with Craig reprising his role for the fifth and last time and Cary Joji Fukunaga directing.



Hamilton County, Indiana

Hamilton County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 347,467. The county seat is Noblesville.



1993 San Marino Grand Prix

The 1993 San Marino Grand Prix (known as the 13° Gran Premio di San Marino by the people putting on the race) was a Formula One motor race held on 25 April 1993 at the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari in Imola, Italy. It was the third race of the 1993 Formula One season.



PSA Flight 182

Pacific Southwest Airlines (PSA) Flight 182 was a Boeing 727-214 commercial airliner, registration, that crashed with a private Cessna 172 light aircraft over San Diego, California on September 25, 1978. 

It was Pacific Southwest Airlines' first fatal accident. The death toll of 144 makes it the deadliest aircraft disaster in California history. Until the crash of American Airlines Flight 191, it was also the deadliest plane crash in U.S. aviation history.

Both aircraft crashed into North Park, a San Diego neighborhood, killing all 137 people on both aircraft and seven people on the ground in houses, including two children. Nine others on the ground were injured and 22 homes were destroyed or damaged by the impact and the spreading of debris.

The Boeing 727 flew in on top of and behind the Cessna, unbeknownst to the Cessna pilots. The larger 727's right wing flaps and left main landing gear collided with the Cessna, which immediately exploded and fell to the ground below in flames. The burning PSA continued on for another few kilometeres before crashing in a residential area with high vertical speed and exploding, killing everyone on board instantly.


Harrisville, New Hampshire

Harrisville is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. The population of the town was 984 at the 2020 census. It was founded in 1870.

Gerhard Sommer

Gerhard Sommer (24 June 1921 – 2019) was a SS-"Untersturmführer" (Second Lieutenant) in the 16th SS Panzergrenadier Division "Reichsführer-SS". He was involved in the massacre of 560 civilians on 12 August 1944 in the Italian village of Sant'Anna di Stazzema. He is on the Simon Wiesenthal Center's list of most wanted Nazi war criminals.

As of May 2006 Sommer was living in a nursing home in Hamburg-Volksdorf, Germany. In May 2015 Sommer was declared unfit for trial by prosecutors in Germany In He died in 2019.


Tom Graveney

Thomas William "Tom" Graveney OBE (16 June 1927 – 3 November 2015) was a leading English cricketer. He represented his country in 79 Test matches and scoring over 4,800 runs. In a career lasting from 1948 to 1972, he was the 15th person to score one hundred first-class centuries, and the first post-war player to do so. 

Graveney was born in Riding Mill, Hexham, Northumberland on 16 June 1927. His brother was Ken Graveney, also a cricketer. Graveney studied at the Bristol Grammar School.

He played for Gloucestershire and Worcestershire, and helped Worcestershire win the county championship for the first time in their history. His achievements for England after being recalled in 1966 have been described as "the stuff of legend." Graveney was a Wisden Cricketer of the Year in 1953, captained England on one occasion and was awarded the OBE while still playing.

In later life he worked as a cricket commentator for BBC Television and was the first former professional to be President of the Marylebone Cricket Club. He was one of the first 55 players inducted to the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame in 2009.

Graveney was married to Jackie Graveney from 1952 until her death of Alzheimer's disease in 2013. Graveney's brother, Ken, died on 25 October 2015. A week after his brother's death, Graveney died on 3 November 2015 from Parkinson's disease at the age of 88.


NoSQL

A very common programming language for accessing a database is called SQL. Many of these databases use the mathematical concept of relations to store the data. NoSQL is a term for databases that do not use relations, to store the data in the database. Relational databases have the benefit of being able to guarantee that all the data stored in the database is consistent. The drawback of this is that the cost of indexing the data grows with the amount of data. 

NoSQL approaches do not give strong guarantees about consistency, but they are able to better handle the situations where relational database systems have problems coping.

NoSQL is a non-relational DBMS, that does not require a fixed schema, avoid joins, and is easy to scale.

The purpose of using a NoSQL database is for distributed data stores with humongous data storage needs.

NoSQL is used for Big data and real-time web apps. For example, companies like twitter, Facebook, google collect terabytes of user data every single day.

NoSQL DBs could be grouped as follows, but these are archetypes rather than strict boundaries :


Rhea Chiles

Rhea Chiles (December 1, 1930 – November 8, 2015) was an American philanthropist and writer. She was the former First Lady of the State of Florida serving from 1991 to 1998. She was married to the late Governor Lawton Chiles. 

In 1998, Chiles founded The Lawton Chiles Foundation, which carries on the commitment of her husband to benefit the lives of children in Florida. In 2009, Chiles was designated a Distinguished Floridian by the Florida Economics Club at an event hosted by former Florida Supreme Court Justice Major B. Harding and keynoted by former United States Senator Sam Nunn. 

Chiles died from a long-illness at her home in Anna Maria Islands, Florida at the age of 84.

Charles Duncan Michener

Charles Duncan Michener (September 22, 1918 – November 1, 2015) was an American entomologist. He was born in Pasadena, California. He was a leading expert on bees, his "magnum opus" being "The Bees of the World".


Maduluwawe Sobitha Thero

Maduluwawe Sobitha Thero (; 29 May 1942 – 8 November 2015) was a Sinhalese Buddhist Bikku. He was a well-known socialist and social justice activist. He was a Buddhist style non-violent revolutionary and he led campaigns that toppled the Sri-Lankan government on several occasions. He was the chief monk of the Kotte Naga Vihara. He played a key role to bring a new government in 2015 defeating Mahinda Rajapaksa, where he supported a common candidate Maithripala Sirisena for presidency, and Ranil Wickremesinghe to form a new government. 

Ven Sobitha died at the age of 73 on 8 November 2015 from multiple organ failure at the Mount Elizabeth Hospital in Singapore.

Skandagupta

Skandagupta () (died 467) was a Gupta Emperor of northern India. People do not know who his ancestors were. He faced some of the greatest challenges in the annals of the empire having to contend with the Pushyamitras and the Hunas (a name by which the "White Huns" were known in India). He died in 467.

Piotr Domaradzki

Piotr Krystian Domaradzki (June 21, 1946 – November 4, 2015) was a Polish-American journalist, essayist and historian. He had a longtime association with Chicago's Polish community. He worked for 30 years at "Dziennik Związkowy" ("Alliance Daily"), the oldest and largest Polish language newspaper in the United States. From October 2009 to March 2013, he served as the paper's editor-in-chief. He emigrated from Poland in 1984 and became a U.S. citizen in 1996.

Domaradzki died in Chicago, Illinois from complications following injuries sustained in a house fire, aged 69.

Axes

Axes can refer to:


John Speraw

John Speraw is an American volleyball coach. He is the head coach of the United States men's national volleyball team and the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). He was the former coach of the University of California, Irvine volleyball program. There he led the team to three national titles in six years. Speraw graduated from UCLA in 1995 with a B.S. degree in microbiology and molecular genetics.

The Jazz Soul of Little Stevie

The Jazz Soul of Little Stevie is the 1962 debut album by Stevie Wonder (then known as "Little Stevie Wonder") on the Tamla (a label owned by Motown) label. Wonder was eleven years old when it was released. It was also the first album Wonder released in 1962, the second was "Tribute to Uncle Ray".

This is Wonder's only studio album in which he does not sing; he plays on percussion, the keyboard, and the harmonica. Wonder's mentors Clarence Paul and Henry Cosby wrote and produced the songs on "The Jazz Soul of Little Stevie Wonder", with Wonder also co-writing two of the songs on the album.



Tribute to Uncle Ray

Tribute to Uncle Ray is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder (then known as "Little Stevie Wonder") . It was released in October 1962, not long after Wonder's debut album "The Jazz Soul of Little Stevie", which was also released in 1962.

The album was released to match the success of Ray Charles who was also a blind African American R&B singer.

All songs composed by Ray Charles, except where indicated.


Davidson County, Tennessee

Davidson County is a county located in middle Tennessee. The state capitol, Nashville, is in Davidson County and is the county seat. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 715,884 people.

Recorded Live: The 12 Year Old Genius

Recorded Live: The 12 Year Old Genius is the first live album by Stevie Wonder (then known as "Little Stevie Wonder") . The album was released on the Tamla record label on May 31, 1963. It was also the first album that Wonder released in 1963, the second was "With a Song in My Heart".


With a Song in My Heart (Stevie Wonder album)

With a Song In My Heart is Stevie Wonder's third album, released in 1963 on the Tamla label. The album was the first album of Wonder's not to be released as "Little Stevie Wonder" because he was getting older and taller. It was also the second album of Wonder's to be released in 1963.


List of bridges in Azerbaijan

This is a list of bridges in Azerbaijan.


McDonnell Douglas AV-8B Harrier II

The McDonnell Douglas (now Boeing) AV-8B Harrier II is a single-engine ground-attack aircraft. It is the second generation of the Harrier Jump Jet family. It is capable of vertical or short takeoff and landing (V/STOL). The aircraft was designed in the late 1970s as an Anglo-American development of the British Hawker Siddeley Harrier, the first operational V/STOL aircraft. It can hover like a helicopter but can also fly like a jet at near supersonic speeds. It is named after the a bird of prey. It is primarily used on light attack or multi-role missions. These range from close air support of ground troops to armed reconnaissance. The AV-8B is used by the United States Marine Corps (USMC), the Spanish Navy, and the Italian Navy. A variant of the AV-8B, the British Aerospace Harrier II, was developed for the British military. Another is the TAV-8B, is a dedicated two-seat trainer.

The project that eventually led to the AV-8B's creation started in the early 1970s. It was a cooperative effort between the United States and United Kingdom (UK). it was aimed at working on solving the problems of the first-generation Harrier. Early efforts centered on a larger, more powerful Pegasus engine to improve the Harrier's performance. The UK dropped out of the project in 1975.

Following the withdrawal of the UK, McDonnell Douglas extensively redesigned the earlier AV-8A Harrier to create the AV-8B. While retaining the general layout of its predecessor, the aircraft uses a new wing, an elevated cockpit, a redesigned fuselage, one extra hardpoint per wing, and other structural and aerodynamic changes. The aircraft is powered by an upgraded version of the Pegasus, which gives the aircraft its V/STOL ability. The AV-8B made its maiden flight in November 1981 and entered service with the USMC in January 1985. Later upgrades added a night-attack capability and radar. This resulted in the AV-8B(NA) and AV-8B Harrier II Plus, respectively. An enlarged version named Harrier III was also studied, but was not built. The UK, through British Aerospace, re-joined the improved Harrier project as a partner in 1981. After corporate mergers in the 1990s, Boeing and BAE Systems have jointly supported the program. Approximately 340 aircraft were produced in a 22-year production program that ended in 2003.

Pevensey

Pevensey is a village and civil parish in the Wealden district of East Sussex, England. The main village is located 5 miles (8 km) north-east of Eastbourne, one mile (1.6 km) inland from Pevensey Bay. The settlement of Pevensey Bay forms part of the parish. It was here that William the Conqueror first landed on and invaded England in 1066 after crossing the English Channel from Normandy, France.

The name "Pevensey" was first recorded in 947 as "Pefenesea", meaning "River of [a man named] Pefen". It comes from the Anglo-Saxon personal name "Pefen" plus "eã", meaning "river". This is probably a reference to the now largely silted-up marshes.

In the 290s the Romans built a fort at Pevensey, which they named Anderitum. In 471 Saxons attacked Pevensey and the fort was abandoned for centuries. When William the Conqueror invaded England in September 1066, he landed at Pevensey. The bay provided a safe haven for his fleet of 700 ships. The English army had been awaiting Duke William's arrival on the south coast all summer. With supplies running short King Harold allowed his soldiers to return home. When Harald Hardrada the king of Norway invaded northern England in late September, King Harold gathered his army and moved north to York, 250 miles away, to meet the invaders. William, meanwhile, moved his army and fleet to Hastings and built a castle while he awaited Harold and his army. 

After the Battle of Hastings the Roman fort at Pevensey was occupied by the Normans. It was given to Robert, Count of Mortain (William's half brother). Robert de Mortain built his castle there. The castle was besieged several times during the 11th–13th centuries. Queen Elizabeth I ordered that it be demolished but the order was ignored. As late as 1942 small additions were made to the castle for the defence of Britain. It became a lookout over the channel for German aircraft during World War II. Today the castle is in the upkeep of English Heritage. 

Deem Bristow

Deem Bristow (April 11 1947 - January 15 2005) was an American actor. He has done the voice of many characters in animated series and video games. He was best known for his role as Dr. Eggman in the Sonic the Hedgehog video game series from 1998 to 2004.

Bristow died on January 15, 2005 from a heart attack in San Diego, California at the age of 57.




Vladimir Alekno

Vladimir Romanovich Alekno; (born in Polotsk on 4 December 1966) is a former Russian volleyball player and current volleyball coach. He coaches the Russia men's national volleyball team. He also leads a professional team in Kazan, Russia.

Alekno coached the national volleyball team in 2007-2008 and 2011-2012. Under his leadership, the Russian players won the gold medal in 2012 and the bronze medal in 2008 in the Summer Olympic Games. As well, they won the World League and the World Cup both in 2011.

Daniel Castellani

Daniel Jorge Castellani (born 21 March 1961) is a former Argentine volleyball player and coach, a member of Argentina men's national volleyball team in 1976-1988, bronze medalist of the Olympic Games Seoul 1988, a participant of the Olympic Games Los Angeles 1984, head coach of Sir Safety Perugia.

Raúl Lozano

Raúl Lucio Lozano (born September 3, 1956 in La Plata, Argentina) is a former Argentine volleyball player. He first coached for Estudiantes de La Plata. In 2005-2008 Lozano was the head coach of Poland's national volleyball team. He has also coached other top-level teams in Europe including teams from Italy, Greece, and Spain. He led the Polish national team to win a silver medal at the 2006 World championship held in Japan. His Polish team lost to Italy in the quarter final round of the 2008 Summer Olympics at Beijing. In 2009 he coached the German team for two years. He was then the head coach of Czarni Radom in Poland. 

On November 17, 2015, it was announced that Raúl Lucio will coach the Iranian national volleyball team. He replaced Slobodan Kovac who is the former coach of the Iranian team.

Jackie Evancho

Jacqueline Marie "Jackie" Evancho ( ; born April 9, 2000) is an American classical crossover singer. Evancho plays piano, flute, and is also a songwriter. She gained wide recognition at an early age. Since 2009, Evancho has released an EP and five studio albums. She has one platinum and one gold album. Evancho has even performed at Carnegie Hall.

Between 2008 and 2010, Evancho entered several talent competitions. She made singing appearances, mostly in Pennsylvania. She also attracted interest on YouTube. In 2010, at age ten, she gained wider popularity with her performances in the fifth season of the "America's Got Talent" competition. She finished in second place behind Michael Grimm. Evancho starred in the 2012 movie "The Company You Keep" with Robert Redford.

Bowerhill

Bowerhill is a suburb of Melksham, Wiltshire, England. It is located to the south of the town. There is a small primary school, a Tesco store and a sports centre in the village. During World War II, Bowerhill was home of a major Royal Air Force Station, RAF Melksham. 

Stevie at the Beach

Stevie at the Beach is the fourth album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder released on the Tamla (Motown) label on June 23, 1964. He wouldn't release another album until "Up-Tight" which was released in 1966, two years later.


Arden Hayes

Arden Hayes (born January 30, 2008) is a middle school student from Southern California, United States. Because of his great knowledge of American presidents, he became famous at the age of five, in addition to reciting Lincoln's Gettysburg Address and being able to identify the countries of the worlds and their capitals.

His interest in American presidents, started when he was learning about who was born on his birthday, and he realized that he was born the same day that Franklin Delano Roosevelt.

On July 2, 2013, Arden appeared on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" to demonstrate his knowledge of the U.S. presidents. On November 5, 2013, Arden appeared again on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", and this time showed his knowledge of the countries of the world and their capitals, in addition to decline a free Sony Xperia Tablet Z because he preferred to wait until Christmas to receive an Apple iPad. He appeared on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" for third time on April 2, 2014, to show his knowledge of the elements in the periodic table.

Ernst Fuchs

Ernst Fuchs (February 13, 1930 – November 9, 2015) was an Austrian painter, draftsman, printmaker, sculptor, architect, stage designer, composer, poet, and singer. He was born in Vienna. He was one of the founders of the Vienna School of Fantastic Realism. In 1972, he bought the Otto Wagner Villa in Hütteldorf, which he restored and transformed. The villa was inaugurated as the Ernst Fuchs Museum in 1988.

Fuchs died at the age of 85 on November 9, 2015 in Vienna.

Tommy Hanson

Thomas J. "Tommy" Hanson Jr. (August 28, 1986 – November 9, 2015) was an American professional baseball pitcher in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played for the Atlanta Braves and Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. Hanson made his MLB debut with Atlanta that season, and played with the Braves through 2012. He pitched his final season in 2013 with the Angels, who had acquired him in a trade.

On November 9, 2015, Hanson was reported to be in a coma with "catastrophic organ failure." He died at Piedmont Hospital in Atlanta later that night at the age of 29.

Pat Eddery

Patrick James John "Pat" Eddery (18 March 1952 – 10 November 2015) was an Irish flat racing jockey and horse trainer. He was born in Newbridge, County Kildare.

He rode three winners of the Epsom Derby, and was Champion Jockey eleven times. He is co-holder of the record for most wins in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. He rode the winners of 4,632 British flat races, a figure passed only by Sir Gordon Richards.

Eddery died on 10 November 2015 from cirrhosis, aged 63. He had long battled alcoholism.

Allen Toussaint

Allen Toussaint (; January 14, 1938 – November 10, 2015) was an American musician, songwriter-composer, record producer, and influential figure in New Orleans R&B.

Many of Toussaint's songs became familiar through cover versions by other musicians, including "Working in the Coal Mine", "Ride Your Pony", "Fortune Teller", "Play Something Sweet", "Southern Nights", "Everything I Do Gonna Be Funky", "I'll Take a Melody", "Get Out of My Life, Woman" and "Mother-in-Law".

Toussaint was born in Gert Town, New Orleans. He was raised in Gert Town and in New Orleans. His mother was Naomi Neville.

In 1960, Toussaint was hired as a record producer by a label in New Orleans. He was also looking for new talent to sign to the label, named Minit Records. Toussaint played piano, wrote, and produced many hit records in the early and mid 1960s for New Orleans R&B artists. Some examples are:

In 1998, Toussaint was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and in 2009 into the Louisiana Music Hall of Fame. On May 9, 2011, he was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame.

In 2013 he was awarded the National Medal of Arts by President Barack Obama.

Toussaint died while touring in Madrid, Spain after suffering a heart attack at his hotel, aged 77.

Toussaint’s two marriages ended in divorce. He is survived by his two children, son Clarence (better known as Reginald) and daughter Alison, and by several grandchildren. His children had managed his career in recent years.


Laurent Vidal

Laurent Vidal (18 February 1984 – 10 November 2015) was a French professional triathlete, three time French Champion (2009, 2011 and 2012) and two time Olympian. In Beijing 2008 he placed 36th while he took the 5th place in London 2012. He was born in Sete.

On 10 November 2015, Vidal died at the age of 31 after a heart attack in Gigean.

United States courts of appeals

The United States courts of appeals (or circuit courts) are the appellate courts of the Federal judiciary of the United States. A court of appeals decides appeals from the district courts within its federal judicial circuit. In some cases it decides appeals from other designated federal courts and administrative agencies.

The United States courts of appeals are considered among the most and courts in the United States. They have the ability to set legal precedent that affect millions of Americans. The United States courts of appeals have strong influence on U.S. law. The U.S. Supreme Court chooses to review less than 1% of the more than 10,000 cases filed with it ly. This means the United States courts of appeals makes the final decision in most federal cases. The Ninth Circuit in particular is very influential. It covers 20% of the American population.

There are currently 179 judges on the United States courts of appeals. These judges are d by the President of the United States and confirmed by the United States Senate. They have lifetime tenure, earning an annual salary of $213,300. There are thirteen United States courts of appeals. There are other tribunals that have "Court of Appeals" in their titles, such as the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces. They hear appeals in court-martial cases. The United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims reviews final decisions by the Board of Veterans' Appeals in the Department of Veterans Affairs. 

Decisions of the United States courts of appeals have been published by the private company West Publishing in the "Federal Reporter" series since the courts were established. Only decisions that the courts choose for publication are included. The "unpublished" opinions (of all but the Fifth and Eleventh Circuits) are published separately in West's "Federal Appendix". They are also available in on-line databases like LexisNexis or Westlaw. More recently, court decisions are also available electronically on the official court websites. However, there are also a few federal court decisions that are classified for national security reasons.

There are eleven ed circuits which are numbered one through eleven. The D.C. Circuit is the twelfth. The thirteenth court of appeals is the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. It has nationwide jurisdiction over certain appeals based on their subject matter. All of the courts of appeals also hear appeals from some government agency decisions and rulemaking. The largest share of these cases heard by the D.C. Circuit. The Federal Circuit hears appeals from specialized trial courts. These are primarily the United States Court of International Trade and the United States Court of Federal Claims. They also hear appeals from the district courts in patent cases and certain other specialized matters.














André Glucksmann

André Glucksmann (; 19 June 1937 – 10 November 2015) was a French philosopher, activist and writer. He was a member of the French new philosophers.

Glucksmann was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, France to a Jewish family. He studied at the École normale supérieure de Saint-Cloud in Lyon, France.

Glucksmann became well-known during the 1970s for his support of the Vietnamese boat people. He was an outspoken critic of Nazism and communism.

Later in life, he was known for his views and beliefs of the September 11 attacks. He wrote a book about how god had nothing to do with the 9/11 attacks called "Dostoyevsky in Manhattan". Glucksmann supported military action in Afghanistan and Iraq. He was highly critical of Russian foreign policy, supporting a call for Chechen independence.

In August 2008 he co-signed an open letter with Václav Havel, Desmond Tutu, and Wei Jingsheng calling upon the Chinese authorities to respect human rights both during and after the Beijing Olympic Games.

Glucksmann died of cancer on 10 November 2015 in Paris, France, aged 78.


Samantha Cristoforetti

Samantha Cristoforetti (born April 26, 1977) is an Italian European Space Agency astronaut, Italian Air Force pilot an engineer. She is the first Italian woman in space and until 2017, held the record for the woman with most time spent in space with 199 days and 16 hours. This record is now held by Christina Koch. Cristoforetti is also the first person in prepare an espresso in space.

Cristoforetti was born in Milan in 1977. She spent her childhood in Malè, Val di Sole, Trentino, Italy. When she was 18, she took a US foreign exchange program and attended Space Camp.

On July 3, 2012, the European Space Agency assigned to Cristoforetti a long-duration mission to the ISS in 2014.


Appellate court

An appellate court, commonly called an appeals court, court of appeals (American English), appeal court (British English), court of second instance or second instance court, is any court of law that hears an appeal of a trial court or other lower tribunal. In most jurisdictions, the court system is divided into at least three levels. The trial court, which initially hears cases and reviews evidence and to determine the facts of the case. There is at least one intermediate appellate court. The top level is a supreme court (or court of last resort) which primarily reviews the decisions of the intermediate courts. A jurisdiction's supreme court is that jurisdiction's highest appellate court. Appellate courts nationwide can operate by varying rules.

The of appellate courts to review decisions of lower courts varies widely from one jurisdiction to another. In some places, the appellate court has limited powers of review. "Generally speaking, an appellate court's judgment provides 'the final directive of the appeals courts as to the matter appealed, setting out with specificity the court's determination that the action appealed from should be affirmed, reversed, remanded or modified'".

Tim Valentine

Itimous Thaddeus "Tim" Valentine, Jr. (March 15, 1926 – November 10, 2015), generally known as Tim Valentine, was an American lawyer and politician. He was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from North Carolina from 1983 to 1995.

He was in the United States Air Force from 1944 to 1946.

Valentine died at his home in Rocky Mount, North Carolina on November 10, 2015 from heart failure at the age of 89.


Photograph (Ed Sheeran song)

"Photograph" is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran for his second studio album, "x" (2014). Sheeran co-wrote the song with Snow Patrol member Johnny McDaid.

"Photograph" served as the fifth and final single from the album. It reached the top five on the main singles charts in more than five countries. In the US, where it peaked at number ten, "Photograph" became the third single from the album to have reached within the top ten. In the UK, it reached number 15 and has since been certified platinum for sales of 600,000 units. The single has also been certified double platinum in Australia and Canada, and platinum in New Zealand. 

The single's release on 11 May 2015 followed the premiere of the music video on 9 May 2015.

Line of Actual Control

The Line of Actual Control (LAC) is the effective border between India and China. The LAC is 4,057-km long and traverses three areas of northern Indian states: western (Ladakh, Kashmir), middle (Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh) and eastern (Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh). Quote: "India is used to incursions by Chinese troops across the 4,057-km LAC in all the three sectors—western (Ladakh), middle (Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh) and eastern (Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh)— in a bid to strengthen China's claim over disputed areas and ensure New Delhi does not change its Tibet policy."

Chinese Prime Minister Zhou Enlai used the phrase in a letter addressed to Indian Prime Minister Nehru dated October 24, 1959. In a letter dated November 7, Zhou told Nehru that the LAC consisted of "the so-called McMahon Line in the east and the line up to which each side exercises actual control in the west". During the Sino-Indian War (1962), Nehru claimed not to know where the line was: "There is no sense or meaning in the Chinese offer to withdraw twenty kilometers from what they call 'line of actual control'. What is this 'line of control'? Is this the line they have created by aggression since the beginning of September? Advancing forty or sixty kilometers by blatant military aggression and offering to withdraw twenty kilometers provided both sides do this is a deceptive device which can fool nobody." It should be noted that these incursions were in response to India's "forward policy" in which India began to contest areas controlled by China, including some that were not included in the McMahon Line.

Tupi people

The Tupí people were an important ethnic group of indigenous peoples in Brazil. Scholars believe they first settled in the Amazon rainforest. Later, they started to move to the south and settled on the Atlantic coast.

The Tupí people were living in almost all of the Brazilian coast when the Portuguese first arrived there. In 1500, their population was estimated to be 1 million people. They were divided into tribes, each tribe numbering from 300 to 2,000 people. Some of these tribes are: "Tupiniquim", "Tupinambá", "Potiguara", "Tabajara", "Caetés", "Temiminó", "Tamoios".

The Tupí had agriculture. They grew cassava, corn, sweet potatoes, beans, peanuts, tobacco, squash, cotton and many other crops.

After the 16th century, the Tupí were assimilated, made to work as slaves, or killed by diseases such as smallpox or by Portuguese settlers and Bandeirantes (colonial Brazilian scouts). Except for a few communities, nearly all the Tupí were killed. Today, the descendants of the survivors live on Indian reservations or are part of the dominant Brazilian society.

The Tupí were divided into several tribes which would constantly engage in war with each other. In these wars, the Tupí would try to capture their enemies to later kill and eat them.
They believed that they would gain the strength of the warriors they eat. The Tupí also ate the remains of dead relatives.

Cannibalism by the Tupí decreased after European contact and religious intervention. When Cabeza de Vaca, a Spanish conquistador, arrived in Santa Catarina in 1541, for instance, he attempted to ban cannibalism.

Some scholars question whether the Tupí actually engaged in cannibalism. They do not think the sources that talk about cannibalism, mostly written by Europeans, are reliable.

In the 16th century, the Tupi were the first group to have contact with the Portuguese. The Portuguese colonists did not bring many women, so miscegenation between Portuguese settlers and indigenous women started. The Tupi had a tradition, called "Cunhadismo", of incorporating strangers to their community. The Indians offered the Portuguese an Indian girl as wife. Once he agreed, he formed a bond of kinship with all the Indians of the tribe. The settlers also adopted the Indian practice of polygyny.

The relatives of an Indian woman would have to work for her husband. If a settler had many Indian wives, he would have a large number of Indian relatives who would have to work for him. They would mostly have to cut wood and take it to the ships on the coast. Since there were not a lot of Portuguese women in Brazil, intermarriage made it easier for the Portuguese to colonize the country.

Although most of the Tupí population died, a large population with Tupí-Portuguese ancestry occupied much of Brazilian territory. They continued the ancient Tupí traditions in several points of the country. Darcy Ribeiro wrote that the first Brazilians looked more like the Tupí than the Portuguese. The language that they spoke, called Nheengatu or Língua Geral, was based on Tupí.

Eventually, Brazilian society started to lose its Tupi characteristics. Língua Geral was replaced by the Portuguese language. Indian ways of making things were replaced by European ones. Brazilian Portuguese absorbed many words from Tupi.


Victor Skumin

Victor Andreevich Skumin () (born 30 August 1948) is a Russian psychologist, psychiatrist, psychotherapist, medical doctor and writer.

Victor Skumin was born on 30 August 1948 in Penza Oblast, Russia. His father, Andrew Skumin, was a KGB officer. The family moved between Penza, Chelyabinsk, and Petrozavodsk.

Skumin studied medicine at the Kharkov National Medical University. He graduated the university in 1973 with diploma with honours.

In 1976, he became a psychotherapist in Kiev Institute of Cardiovascular Surgery. Skumin was the first to described a previously unknown disease, now called "Skumin syndrome".

From 1980 to 1990 he was professor of psychotherapy at the Kharkov Medical Academy of Postgraduate education. He investigated borderline mental disorders in chronic diseases of the digestive system in children and adolescents.

From 1990 to 1994, Skumin held positions as Professor of Psychology and Pedagogy, and Professor of Physical Education and Health life at the Kharkov State Academy of Culture. In 1994, Skumin became President of the World Organization of Culture of Health — International social movement "To Health via Culture".

In 1995, he became the first editor-in-chief of the journal "To Health via Culture". This journal of the World Organisation of Culture of Health received an International Standard Serial Number (ISSN) 0204-3440. The main topics of the magazine are the dissemination of ideas of Culture of Health, holistic medicine, and Buddhism.

In the Russian Orthodox Church the social activities of this international organization qualifies as an ideology of the New Age.

In 1968, when Skumin was still a medical student, he proposed the term ″culture of health″, which has become widespread. The main task of the culture of health is to do health programs that support a holistic approach to physical, mental and spiritual well-being.

The 'culture of health' means recognizing health’s central importance in life. He referred to the works of Helena Blavatsky, Helena and Nicholas Roerich, Konstantin Tsiolkovsky, and Alexander Chizhevsky. In some of his publications, he argues that the culture of health will play an important role in the creation of a human spiritual society in the Solar System.

The doctrine of a culture of health, proposed by Skumin, the culture – spiritual, mental, and physical – determines the status of human health. And health – spiritual, mental, physical – is a prerequisite for achieving a higher level of culture.

"Skumin syndrome" ) was described by Skumin in 1978 as a "cardioprosthetic psychopathological syndrome", associated with mechanical heart valve implant and manifested by irrational fear and sleep disorder. Patients have doubts about the reliability of the device, fear of breakdown, and suffer anxiety and depression. This syndrome is often accompanied by asthenia.

Alain Carpentier – a member of the French Academy of Sciences and the head the Department of Cardiovascular Surgery at the Hôpital Européen Georges-Pompidou in Paris – believed in 2011 that Skumin syndrome develops in a quarter of the patients with an artificial heart valve. It is possible that a similar problem arises in the conduct of operations to implement an artificial heart.

In 1979, Skumin created a special modification of mind control method for psychological rehabilitation of patients. 

This method is based on autogenic training. This is a relaxation technique developed by the psychiatrist Johannes Heinrich Schultz. He emphasized parallels to techniques in yoga and meditation. It is a method for influencing one's autonomic nervous system. The technique involves the daily practice of sessions that last around 15 minutes, usually in the morning, at lunch time, and in the evening. During each session, the practitioner will repeat a set of visualisations that induce a state of relaxation. Each session can be practiced in a position chosen amongst a set of recommended postures.

The technique of the Skumin mind control method involves the use of two standard postures: sitting meditation and lying down meditation. This includes five psychological exercises: the first is "the relaxation", the second one is "the warming", the third one is "the zero gravity", the fourth one is "the target autosuggestion", and the fifth exercise is "the psychological activation". Each session contain explanation of the theory and practice of each new exercise as it is reached. 

The therapeutic effect of the Skumin mind control method is achieved by the neutralization of traumatic emotional experiences and the progressive reorganization of the psychic structures to include previously unacceptable mental contents, too. This method of psychotherapy has found application in medical practice, in particular in the treatment of phobias, headaches, etc.

"Skumin’s mixture" is a medicine with a sedative effect, affecting the central nervous system. It is used to treat Skumin syndrome, light forms of heart failure, anxiety and sleep disorders, and asthenia. The medicine is known to be well tolerated, with no contra-indications, except sensitivity. The formula contains Adonis vernalis, Crataegus, Valerian root, Leonurus cardiaca, Eucalyptus, Peppermint, and Rose hip.

Skumin wrote many books and articles on a variety medical and spiritual topics advocating a holistic approach to health. He is the author or co-author of a series illustrated books on the culture of health, yoga, Roerich’s philosophy, and Buddhism. 

He is the author of music and lyrics of several songs. Among them:

Skumin was important in the Western transmission and revival of Theravada Buddhism. Today Theravada Buddhists, who are also known as Theravadins, number over 100 million worldwide; in recent decades Theravada has begun to take root in the West and in the Buddhist revival in Nepal.

"The Epoch Times" in 2022 reported the participation of Viсtor Skumin in psychological experiments with plants.



Wrongful death claim

Wrongful death is a claim against a person who may be held liable for another person's death. A wrongful death lawsuits may be based on claims of negligence, misconduct, or a criminal act such as murder.

If the person accused of causing a wrongful death is charged with a crime, the wrongful death lawsuit may be filed after a criminal trial. It is possible to win a wrongful death lawsuit even if the person is acquitted of a crime that caused the death, because even though both trials may use the same evidence a wrongful death case has a lower standard of proof.

The claim is brought in a civil action, usually by close relatives, based on tort laws. Common law did not allow for wrongful deatlh lawsuits, as the right to bring a wrongful death claim belonged to the deceased person and died along with that person. In the United States, state and federal laws now allow for wrongful death cases in all U.S.jurisdictions.

In law, damages are an award of compensation, usually of money, paid to a person who has suffered a loss or injury. Damages for wrongful death may include:


Some states also allow recovery of punitive damages, an additional award that is intended to reform or the defendant and others from doing the same thing again. When available, punitive damages are normally awarded only for the most extreme cases, involving gross negligence, recklessness or intentional acts that result in death.

Up-Tight

Up Tight (also known as Up-Tight Everything's Alright) is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder. It was released on May 4, 1966 by Tamla. The album reached No.33 on the Billboard Pop Album charts and No.2 on the R&B Albums charts. The album has the popular hit "Uptight (Everything's Alright)".


Speed dating

Speed dating is a formal dating process for singles. It is a fun way to meet a large number of new people in a short period of time. Singles spend three-to-five minute periods of time with as many as 25 prospective partners. The conversations are about whatever the two chose. The events are held at places like coffee shops. There is usually a fee and the rules can vary. The short period of time between couples ranges by event. Each participant has a sheet of paper on which they note "interested" or "not interested". The organizer of the event gathers the comments at the end of the event. They look for possible matches and after two or three days contact each participant to see if they are interested in dating the other person. The price for the service ranges from $20 to $80.

Penza Oblast

Penza Oblast (, "Penzenskaya oblast") is a administrative division of Russia.

Penza Oblast has over 3000 rivers; the overall length is 15,458 km. In the waters of the Oblast, there are about 50 species of fish.

The regional center of Penza was built in 1663 as a Russian fortress.

Penza Oblast is a part of the Volga economic region.

Population of this oblast: 1,386,186 (2010).

Ethnic composition (2010):




Legal liability

Legal liability is the legal a person has for their s. It includes the responsibility to another person for any harm or s caused to them. Legal liability includes lawful s required by civil actions or torts. It can also include s set by a contract, taxes, or fines given by government agencies.

To win a civil lawsuit the plaintiff must prove the defendant's legal liability. This requires proving the defendant failed to act in some way that caused harm to the plaintiff. To succeed the plaintiff must also show the connection of how a failure to act caused him or her injury or harm.

Alaska Purchase

Alaska was originally part of the Russian Empire. In 1867, the Russian Empire sold the territory to the United States. This is known as the Alaska Purchase.

Insular Celtic languages

Insular Celtic languages are the six Celtic languages that originated in the British Isles. All surviving Celtic languages are from the Insular Celtic group; the Continental Celtic languages (the other group) are now extinct. The six Insular Celtic languages of modern times can be divided into 2 groups:
By the 4th century BC most people in the British Isles spoke a Celtic language. When the Irish abbot and missionary Columba met the Pictish king Bruide they needed a translator. Columba spoke Q-Celtic while the Picts spoke P-Celtic.

Idiophone

An idiophone is a type of musical instrument that makes sound from the material of the instrument itself. They do not use reeds, strings or resonators. Most percussion instruments that are not drums are idiophones. Idiophones make their sound by , or . Drums are not idiophones. Neither are stringed instruments. Examples of idiophones include the triangle, wood block, maracas, bell, and gong.

Underwater Observatory Marine Park Eilat

Underwater Observatory Marine Park Eilat () is a park, conservation centre and aquarium in Eilat, Israel. It also has an underwater observatory in the Red Sea. It is located at the south of Eilat's Coral Beach Nature Reserve.


Phil Taylor (musician)

Phil "Philthy Animal" Taylor (21 September 1954 – 11 November 2015) was a English rock drummer in the British heavy metal band Motörhead from 1975–1984 and 1987-1992 recording ten studio albums and the live album "No Sleep 'til Hammersmith". The classic mark IV Motörhead line-up consisted of Lemmy, Philthy Animal Taylor and Fast Eddie Clarke.

Taylor died in London of liver failure on 11 November 2015 at the age of 61.





Down to Earth (Stevie Wonder album)

Down to Earth is the sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder, released on November 16, 1966 on the Tamla label. It was his second album to have been released in 1966, as "Up-Tight" had been released earlier on in the year.

Side One

Side Two


Klaus Roth

Klaus Friedrich Roth (29 October 1925 – 10 November 2015) was a German-British mathematician. He was known for his work on diophantine approximation, the large sieve, and irregularities of distribution. 

He was born in Breslau, Prussia. He studied at St Paul's School in London from 1939 to 1943 and then attended Cambridge University, graduating from Peterhouse, Cambridge in 1945. In 1946 he began research at University College London, under the supervision of Theodor Estermann.

He became a professor at University College London in 1961, and moved to a chair at Imperial College London in 1966, a position he held until official retirement in 1988. He then remained at Imperial College as Visiting Professor until 1996.

Roth died in Iverness, Scotland on 10 November 2015 at the age of 90.

David Atlas

David Atlas (May 25, 1924 – November 10, 2015) was an American meteorologist. He was one of the pioneers of radar meteorology. He worked for the US Air Force. He was professor at the University of Chicago and National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR), researcher at NASA and private consultant.

Atlas was born May 25, 1924, in Brooklyn, New York City, from Jewish parents who immigrated from Poland and Russia. He studied at the City College of New York. He retired in 1994.

Atlas died on November 10, 2015 from complications following a stroke at a nursing home in Newark, New Jersey at the age of 91.

Márton Fülöp

Márton Fülöp (3 May 1983 – 12 November 2015) was a Hungarian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He was born in Budapest.

After playing in Hungary for MTK Budapest FC, BKV Előre SC and BFC Siófok, he signed for English club Tottenham Hotspur, who loaned him to Chesterfield and Coventry, then to Sunderland with whom he permanently signed in 2007. 

Further loans to Leicester City, Stoke City and Manchester City ended with a transfer to Ipswich Town. He ended his career with spells at West Bromwich Albion and Greece's Asteras Tripoli. Fülöp also represented his country at under-21 and full international level, earning 24 senior caps from his debut in 2005. 

Fülöp died on 12 November 2015 in Budapest after a struggle with cancer, aged 32.

Gene Amdahl

Gene Myron Amdahl (November 16, 1922 – November 10, 2015) was an American computer architect and high-tech entrepreneur. He was known for his work on mainframe computers at IBM alongside Fred Brooks and Gerrit Blaauw and later his own companies, especially Amdahl Corporation. He formulated Amdahl's law, which states a fundamental limitation of parallel computing.

In 1998, he was made a Fellow of the Computer History Museum "for his fundamental work in computer architecture and design, project management, and leadership."

Amdahl died of pneumonia after suffering from Alzheimer's disease during the last years of his life in Palo Alto, California, aged 92.


Individual retirement account

An individual retirement account or IRA is a form of "individual retirement plan". It is simply a savings account with large tax advantages. An IRA is not itself an investment. It is where an investor keeps assets such as stocks, bonds and mutual funds. A 401(k) is set up by an employer, but an IRA may be started by an individual. Other IRAs may be opened by small business owners and those who are self-employed.

There are different types of IRAs: Traditional IRAs, Roth IRAs, SEP-IRAs and SIMPLE IRAs. They vary as to tax filing status. Also they have different rules and s. 

Internal Revenue Code Section 408 prohibits IRA investments in life insurance and in collectibles such as artwork, rugs, antiques, metals (there are exceptions for certain kinds of bullion), gems, stamps, coins, alcoholic beverages, and certain other tangible personal property.

A participant-directed account (also called a self-directed IRA) is an IRA which is provided by some financial institutions in the United States. It allows alternative investments for retirement savings. Some examples of such alternative investments are: real estate, private mortgages, private company stock, oil and gas limited partnerships, precious metals, horses, and intellectual property. There is a risk of fraud when investing in Self-Directed retirement accounts.


Savings account

Saving accounts are a type of deposit account kept by banks that pay interest. They let a person keep some of their money in the bank for immediate use. They also earn money through interest. Having a savings account in a bank allows a person to have money available for an emergency. Savings accounts may be opened at most banks, credit unions and trust companies.

The other major types of deposit account are the transactional account (usually known as a "checking" or "current" account), money market account and time deposit.

Wakeland High School

Justin Wakeland High School is a public high school that is in the city of Frisco, Texas, United States. It is a part of the Frisco Independent School District in the west center area of Collin County. It opened for the first time to students on August 14, 2006. 

Most sophomores and juniors came from Frisco High School because of the city and district's growth. Freshmen come from Griffin Middle School most of the time, and others come from Staley Middle School. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.

The school is named for Justin Wakeland, who was the superintendent of the Frisco ISD for 19 years from 1978 to 1997.

The school has a television show called "Win-TV. "It comes on every two weeks. It has many segments and interviews about events happening at Wakeland High School. "Wakeland Access", the school newspaper, has articles about events happening at the school.

A lot of sports are offered at Wakeland.

Defense in depth (computing)

Defense in Depth (also known as layered security and layered defense) is an information assurance (IA) concept. It uses multiple layers of security controls (defenses) placed throughout an information technology (IT) system. The multiple layers are not of the same security tool. It uses several different kinds of security with each protecting against a different security attack.

Defense in depth is originally a military strategy. It seeks to delay rather than prevent the advance of an attacker by yielding space to buy time. The National Security Agency (NSA) changed the concept to be a approach to information and electronic security.

The placement of protection mechanisms, procedures and policies is intended to increase the dependability of an IT system. Multiple layers of defense can prevent espionage. They also prevent direct attacks against critical systems. In terms of computer network defense, defense in depth measures should not only prevent security breaches but also buy an organization time to detect and respond to an attack.

Defense in depth has long been explained by using the onion as an example of the various layers of security. The outer layer contains the firewall. Middle layers contain various controls. The data is in the center protected by the other defenses.

A newer concept is the kill chain. Borrowed from the military it is a method of detecting and breaking an opponent's kill chain. Lockheed Martin adapted this concept to information security, using it as a method for modeling intrusions on a computer network. 

Using more than one of the following layers constitutes defense in depth.



Talleres de Córdoba

Club Atlético Talleres is a sports club club that plays in Argentina's second division. Talleres' main rival is Belgrano de Córdoba.

Talleres is the only team in Córdoba that has won an international competition. It was the Copa Conmebol in 1999.





La Jura

La Jura is an Italian opera in five acts, with music and libretto by Gavino Gabriel. It was first performed in Cagliari, in 1928. On April 8, 1958 it was performed in Naples.


Frankee

Nicole Francine Aiello (born June 9, 1983) is an American R&B singer-songwriter and model known by her stage name, Frankee. She grew up with her parents, Matthew and Francine, and her two siblings, elder brother Matthew Jr. and younger sister Monique. Nicole was given the nickname "Frankee," which came from her middle name (and is also her grandfather's nickname). She is best known for her debut single "F.U.R.B. (Fuck You Right Back)" which is a answer back to fellow American R&B singer-songwriter Eamons debut single "Fuck It (I Don't Want You Back)".

"F.U.R.B. (Fuck You Right Back)" reached number one in the United Kingdom in May 2004, and Australia in June 2004. She then released her debut studio album later on that year.
She then left her label in 2006 and signed with Big Management She has also modelled for "FHM" and "Maxim" magazines.


Window envelope

The window envelope is an envelope with transparent plastic window in it so you can see what it is and who it's from. It was invented and patented by Americus Callahan in 1901. It was first called an "outlook envelope." Callahan planned to use very thin rice paper as the window, but now clear plastic is used.

The Good, the Bad, the Ugly (Frankee album)

The Good, the Bad, the Ugly is the debut studio album by American recording artist Frankee, released in 2004. Her debut single "F.U.R.B." is an answer song to Eamon's "Fuck It (I Don't Want You Back)". To date it is the only album released by Frankee.


Zurab Tsereteli

Zurab Konstantines dze Tsereteli (, ; born January 4, 1934) is a Georgian-Russian painter, sculptor and architect. He holds the office of President of the Russian Academy of Arts.


Jihadi John

Muhammad Emwazi (born Muhammad Jassim Abdulkarim Olayan al-Dhafiri, 17 August 1988 – 12 November 2015) was a Kuwaiti-born British Arab terrorist. He moved to London in 1994. He was thought to be the person seen in several videos produced by the militant group ISIL. The videos showed the beheadings of captives in 2014 and 2015. A group of his hostages nicknamed him "Jihadi John" since he was part of a four-person terrorist cell with British accents whom they called "The Beatles".

On the night of 12 November 2015, US officials reported that Emwazi had been hit by a drone strike in Al-Raqqah, Syria. The following day, UK officials stated a “high degree of certainty” that Emwazi was killed. He was declared dead later that day.

Sheridan, Indiana

Sheridan is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 3,106.

November 2015 Paris attacks

On 13–14 November 2015, a mass shooting and suicide bombing happened in Paris and Stade de France at Saint-Denis, Seine-Saint-Denis, France at the Bataclan concert venue, and at other sites. 130 people were killed. Because of this, French President François Hollande announced a national state of emergency. In his speech of 14 November, Hollande said that 128 people were killed and another 128 were gravely injured.

In total, over 350 people were injured during the attacks, about 100 of them are gravely injured. One of the attacks was at the Paris stadium, one of the others was at a theatre. The others six were at well known places in the city. At least seven people were involved in the attacks: seven were suicide bombers, one was shot by police.

The next day, November 14, ISIS claimed responsibility of the attacks. The leader of the attacks was Belgian terrorist Abdelhamid Abaaoud. He was killed in a police raid on 18 November.

France had been on high alert for terrorist threats since the "Charlie Hebdo" shooting in early January 2015 and other related incidents during the January 2015 Île-de-France attacks. France had also increased security in anticipation of the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, scheduled to be held in Paris from 30 November to 11 December 2015, and had restored border checks the week before the attacks.

The "Charlie Hebdo" shooting in January 2015 occurred in the 11th arrondissement of the city, where the Bataclan theatre is situated. Other attacks in France also took place, such as the stabbing of 3 military men in Nice who were guarding a Jewish community center, the Saint-Quentin Fallavier attack and the 2015 Thalys train attack.

Islamic State and their branches have claimed responsibility for numerous deadly attacks within the weeks leading up to the attacks. On 12 November 2015, twin suicide bombings took place in Beirut, Lebanon, killing 43 people. On 31 October 2015, Metrojet Flight 9268, carrying mostly Russian passengers crashed in the Sinai in Egypt, killing 224 people. Islamic State's Sinai branch claimed responsibility.

Also, during the day of the attacks, ISIL's lead executioner Jihadi John was reported to have been killed by a U.S. drone strike and had lost the Battle of Sinjar to Kurdish forces.

Seven distinct attacks took place, comprising six shootings and three explosions. The explosions occurred near the Stade de France, while shootings were reported in the vicinity of Rue Alibert, Rue de la Fontaine-au-Roi, Rue de Charonne, the Bataclan theatre in Boulevard Voltaire, Avenue de la République, and the Boulevard Beaumarchais.

It is likely that three teams carried out the coordinated series of attacks.

The Islamic State officially claimed responsibility for the attacks on the morning of 14 November, praising their "eight brothers" led by Abdelhamid Abaaoud on the death of "at least 200 'crusaders'" and claiming that "this was only the beginning of the storm."

The people who committed the crime were:

The exact number of attackers is currently unclear; certain media speak of seven, others of eight attackers. Police think there might be 3-5 attackers who survived, and are on the run. About ten people were taken in police custody in Brussels, as they might have connections to the attacks. The ringleader of the attack, Abdelhamid Abaaoud, was killed in a police raid in France on 18 November.

President François Hollande issued a statement asking the French people to remain strong in the face of such incidents. Hollande also visited the Bataclan theatre and vowed to "mercilessly" fight against terrorism. Hollande also chaired an emergency meeting of the French Cabinet that night, and organized his national security council to meet the next morning. The authorities urged the residents of Paris to stay indoors for their own safety. Hollande also cancelled his trip to the 2015 G-20 Antalya summit because of the attacks, instead sending Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius and Finance Minister Michel Sapin as his representatives.

On 14 November, President Hollande announced three national days of mourning. Later that day, some of the names of the dead were released:

Pope Francis has condemned the attacks. He said that violence would not solve problems, and that the attacks could not be justified from a religious or humanitarian point of view. Representatives of Islam in France have also condemned the attacks, as did those of the Jewish community. Iranian president Hassan Rouhani cancelled his trip to France, and called the attacks a crime against humanity.

There are reports of isolated acts against Muslim institutions: Red crosses were found on a mosque in Créteil, near Paris, the day after the attacks. A man of North African descent was attacked during a series of demonstrations of a right-wing group against illegal immigration.


Maithili language

Maithili (; ; "Maithilī") is an Indo-Aryan language. It is spoken in Nepal and northern India. It is spoken by 34.7 million people. Of those, 2.8 million are Nepalese people. It is the second largest national language of Nepal. In ancient times, Maithili language was written in Mithilakshar. Now it is written in Devanagari script.

Raute language

Raute is a minor Tibeto-Burman language. It is spoken in Dadeldhura District, Mahakali Zone, Nepal. Half of its speakers are nomadic.

Roland Dumas

Roland Dumas (born 23 August 1922) is a French lawyer and Socialist politician. He served as the Foreign Minister under President François Mitterrand from 1984 to 1986 and from 1988 to 1993. He was also President of the Constitutional Council from 1995 to 2000. He was born in Limoges, Haute-Vienne.

Dumas turned 100 in August 2022.

Warren Mitchell

Warren Mitchell (born Warren Misell; 14 January 1926 – 14 November 2015) was a British actor. He was a BAFTA TV Award winner and twice an Olivier Award winner. He was known for his role as Alf Garnett in the BBC television sitcom "Till Death Us Do Part" (1965–75).

Mitchell died, in the early hours of 14 November 2015, after long period of illness, aged 89. 
He is survived by his wife Connie and their three children: Rebecca, Daniel (also an actor) and Anna (also known as Georgia Mitchell).


Eagles of Death Metal

Eagles of Death Metal is an American rock band from Palm Desert, California.

The band released their debut studio album, "Peace, Love, Death Metal" on March 23, 2004 through AntAcidAudio. The song "I Only Want You" was featured in the 2004 racing game "Gran Turismo 4", the television series "Queer as Folk", an advertisement for Windows 8, and was a downloadable song for the "Rock Band" series.

Their second studio album "Death by Sexy" was released on April 11, 2006 in the United States and on July 3, 2006 in Europe through Downtown Records and Columbia Records. In the fall of 2006, they shared an opening support slot with Guns N' Roses, but it only lasted one show. Axl Rose of Guns N' Roses called the band "Pigeons of Shit Metal" from the stage that night and Eagles of Death Metal used the phrase on a T-shirt. 

The band performed a live concert for the launch of the 2008 video game at the Hollywood & Highland Virgin Megastore in Los Angeles. The band's third studio album "Heart On" was released on October 28, 2008.

Their fourth studio album "Zipper Down" was released on October 2, 2015. The album's first single "Complexity" was made available to stream on Pitchfork Media's website.

On November 13, 2015, the band performed a concert for a sell-out crowd of 1,500 people at Le Bataclan theatre in Paris. During the concert, four gunmen with AK-47 assault rifles entered the theatre. They opened fire and threw explosives into the crowd. The attack lasted about 20 minutes. They killed 87 people in the theatre. Four of the attackers died, three of them by blowing up their suicide vests. The fourth killed by police gunfire, and his vest blew up when he fell. Lead singer Jesse Hughes was able to escape the attack through the backstage and the rest of the band survived.


