2024 Noto earthquake

On 1 January 2024, at 16:10 JST (07:10 UTC), a  7.5 earthquake happened in the Noto Peninsula of Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan. The earthquake caused a tsunami along the Sea of Japan. As of 28 February 2024, there were 241 deaths, 1,296 injuries and 5 others were missing, making it the deadliest earthquake in Japan since the 2016 Kumamoto earthquakes.

The Japan Meteorological Agency officially named this earthquake the 2024 Noto Peninsula Earthquake.

The northeastern tip of the Noto Peninsula in Japan has been experiencing many earthquakes for three years. The biggest one recently was stronger than another big earthquake that happened in May 2023. This was the largest earthquake in the Sea of Japan since 1983.

Japan is located where four big pieces of the Earth's crust (Pacific, Philippine Sea, Okhotsk, and Amurian Plates) meet. This causes a lot of earthquakes. On the east and southeast coasts, the Pacific and Philippine Sea Plates are moving under the land (a process called subduction) at two places: the Japan Trench and the Nankai Trough. The west coast, near the Sea of Japan, is also where two plates meet, and they are slowly starting to move under each other, creating faults.

This area has been geologically active for a very long time, since the end of the Pliocene era. Earthquakes and tsunamis happen here because of the plates moving against each other. There have been big earthquakes and tsunamis in the past in 1741, 1833, 1940, 1964, 1983, and 1993. But, it's not completely clear what caused the 1741 tsunami.

A big earthquake happened, and it was not very deep under the ground. This earthquake happened where two big pieces of the Earth's crust, the Okhotsk Plate and Amurian Plate, are pushing against each other. The earthquake was caused by these plates squeezing and sliding in opposite directions.

Before the main big earthquake, there was a smaller one, with an magnitude of 5.5, and after it, there was another one, with an magnitude of 6.2, along with several other smaller earthquakes.

The area affected by the earthquake was about 200 kilometers long, stretching from the Noto Peninsula to Sado Island. The earthquake caused the ground to shift a lot in some places, with the biggest shift being about 3.67 meters. This shifting probably reached all the way to the bottom of the sea.

The Geospatial Information Authority of Japan said that some areas of the country shifted about to the west. The largest displacement occurred in Wajima due to crustal deformation. In Anamizu, the land moved westward. However, the agency noted that these movements might be related to slopes or local ground changes instead.

After the earthquake, there was a big warning for a tsunami, the first one since the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake. NHK, a public broadcaster, said tsunami waves might come, but smaller waves arrived. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center warned of dangerous waves near the quake's center. About 51,000 people had to leave their homes; 1,000 went to a base in Wajima, Ishikawa.

The first tsunami waves hit around 16:21. Wajima got waves. Kanazawa saw , Toyama and Sakata got waves. Smaller waves hit other places like Nanao, Tsuruga, Kashiwazaki, Toyooka, Tobishima, and Sado Island. Toyama city had a wave. Hokkaido saw up to waves.

In Suzu, homes were moved, and boats were overturned. A resident saw tsunami waves moving cars and debris, reaching 3 meters (9.8 ft) high. The tsunami pushed water up to 100 meters (330 ft) inland at Iida Port in Ishikawa.

The tsunami warning was lowered to an advisory around 20:30 and ended by 10:01 on 2 January, 18 hours after the earthquake.

The Korea Meteorological Administration said that sea levels might rise along South Korea's east coast, including Gangwon Province and Pohang. They expected waves from 18:29 to 19:17 local time. Later, a tsunami hit Gangwon, and a wave struck Mukho around 20:00. Tsunamis of in Uljin, in Sokcho, and in Gangneung were also recorded. This was the first time since 1993 that South Korea saw a tsunami over . North Korea's state radio, reported by Yonhap News Agency, reported a tsunami warning, with possible waves.

In Russia, there were tsunami warnings, including Sakhalin Island's west coast, where evacuations were initially mentioned but later denied by Russia. Warnings were also in place for Vladivostok and Nakhodka. The Russian Emergencies Ministry said "response teams are ready to deal with the possible consequences of a tsunami". However, officials in Vladivostok said no tsunami happened, and in Nakhodka, the tsunami was almost unnoticed.

At least 241 peoples died in Ishikawa Prefecture; 103 in Suzu, 102 in Wajima, 20 in Anamizu, eight in Noto, five in Nanao, two in Shika and one in Hakui. Fifteen people died in the aftermath due to injuries or illnesses. More than 80 percent of the deaths, because of collapsed homes. Two people were killed by the tsunami. At least 1,188 people were injured in Ishikawa Prefecture, and as of 7 March, five people is missing. National Police Agency said that 92 peoples were crushed to death, 49 died of suffocation or respiratory failure, 32 died from hypothermia, and three died of burns.

The earthquake caused buildings to collapse in Ishikawa Prefecture. Around 36,000 homes lost power. A fire broke out in Wajima, and damaged roads made it hard for firefighters to stop it. Some people got stuck in collapsed homes but were eventually rescued. In Toyama Prefecture, roads cracked, and water pipes broke in Himi and Oyabe. In Niigata Prefecture, two people were injured, and there was liquefaction (when gas turns to liquid), causing sewer pipes to break and leaving many homes without water.

The earthquake caused serious harm to people and the economy. Nomura Securities predicted a drop in Japan's economic growth due to the earthquake, with a potential loss of 23 to 50 billion yen. This is mainly because cities like Suzu, Wajima, and Nanao might see a halt in their economic activities. NHK warned that the financial losses could increase since damages to roads, houses, and factories haven't been fully considered yet. The effect on supply chains might not be as bad as it was in the 2016 Kumamoto earthquakes.

By 5 January, around 24,000 buildings in Ishikawa Prefecture were still without electricity. The Minister of Economy, Trade, and Industry, Ken Saito, said it's hard to tell when the power will be completely back.

The Globe and Mail

The Globe and Mail is a Canadian newspaper. It is Canada's most widely read newspaper on weekdays and Saturdays. It is a "newspaper of record".

"The Globe" was founded in 1844 by Scottish immigrant George Brown. He was a Father of Confederation.

By the 1850s, "The Globe" had become a well-known daily newspaper. 

"The Globe and Mail" formed when "The Globe merged with" another newspaper called "The Mail and Empire" in 1936. 

Since the 1980s, the newspaper has been printed in six Canadian cities: Montreal, Toronto, Winnipeg, Calgary and Vancouver.

At the end of 2010, the Thomson family, bought "The Globe and Mail" with an 85-percent stake. 

In October 2012, "The Globe and Mail" launched online.

The National Post

The National Post is a Canadian newspaper. The paper is the main publication of Postmedia Network. It is published Mondays through Saturdays, with Monday released as a digital e-edition only. It was founded in 1998 by Conrad Black. It used to be sent throughout Canada, however, it later began publishing a daily edition in the provinces of Ontario, Quebec, Alberta and British Columbia, with only its weekend edition available in Manitoba and Saskatchewan. 

Conrad Black designed the "National Post" to be similar to the "Financial Post", a financial newspaper in Toronto. The newspaper was launched in October 27. which was retained as the name of the new newspaper's business section.

The "Post" was unable to remain popular due to problems with money in the early 2000s. It was bought in 2001 by CanWest Global, which also owned the Global Television Network.

Iwona Śledzińska-Katarasińska

Iwona Elżbieta Śledzińska-Katarasińska (3 January 1941 – 1 January 2024) was a Polish journalist and politician. She was elected to the Sejm on 25 September 2005 as a candidate from the Civic Platform list. Her term ended on 12 November 2023. Śledzińska-Katarasińska was born in Komorniki, Poland.

Śledzińska-Katarasińska died on 1 January 2024 in Łódź, Poland, two days before her 83rd birthday.

Bailieborough

Bailieborough or Bailieboro (; ) is a town in County Cavan, Ireland. , its population was 2,683,</ref> up from 1,529 as of the 1996 census. Bailieborough's proximity to the N3 national road has made it a commuter town.

1988 United States presidential election in Idaho

The 1988 United States presidential election in Idaho took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 4 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

1988 United States presidential election in Wyoming

The 1988 United States presidential election in Wyoming took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 3 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

1988 United States presidential election in Montana

The 1988 United States presidential election in Montana took place on November 8, 1988, that was part of the 1988 United States presidential election. Incumbent Vice President George H. W. Bush and his running mate U.S. Senator Dan Quayle had won 4 electoral votes in the Electoral College.

West Papua (province)

West Papua is a province of Indonesia. It is on the New Guinea island and has many peninsulas and islands. Manokwari is the main city. Around 561,403 people lived there in mid-2022, making it the second least populous province in Indonesia after Southwest Papua.

The Dutch were in New Guinea until 1962. Then, control went to Indonesia. West Papua officially became a province in 1999 and was inaugurated in 2003. Until 2022, it had special status with twelve regencies and one city.

West Papua has a medium Human Development Index, second-lowest in Indonesia. The government is building things like roads and airports. Some worry this might harm rainforests and native cultures. According to Bank Indonesia, West Papua's economy grew by 7.7% in 2018, which is more than the national average.

People have lived in West Papua for a very long time, like 42,000 to 48,000 years. The highlands were a center for farming, and they've grown bananas here for 7,000 years. Austronesian people moved here 3,000 years ago. There are over 300 languages in West Papua.

A Chinese merchant came around 500 AD and called it Tungki. In 600 AD, the Srivijaya Empire from Sumatra called it Janggi. Traders from Persia and South Asia came in 700 AD and called it Dwi Panta or Samudrananta, meaning 'at the edge of the ocean'. In 1511, a Portuguese sailor called it "Os Papuas" or llha de Papo. In 1600, it was called Nueva Guinea by a Spanish explorer.

In 1606, a Dutch expedition led by Wiliam Jansen landed in Papua. By 1660, the Dutch recognized the Sultan of Tidore's power over New Guinea. During the Indonesian National Awakening, some nationalists were in a camp in Papua. After Indonesia declared independence in 1945, they claimed West Papua.

In 1962, there was an agreement that temporarily gave control to Indonesia. In 1969, there was a vote called the Act of Free Choice. The result made West Papua part of Indonesia, but many disagreed. They formed the Free Papua Movement, and the independence movement continues today.

In 2022, parts of West Papua became a new province called Southwest Papua.

West Papua has different tribes, with 51.48% being native Papuan people. They include Abun, Biak, Borai, and many more. There are two main groups: mountainous or inland Papuans and lowland and coastal Papuans. Many follow traditional Papuan religions, uniting material and spiritual aspects of life.

The rest of the population comes from other parts of Indonesia. The people of West Papua follow various religions, with the majority being Protestant Christians (54.17%). There are also Muslims (36.74%), and Catholic Christians (8.71%). Manokwari is known as the "Gospel City" due to European missionaries settling there in 1855, celebrated as "Gospel Day".

In West Papua, many languages are spoken, but Indonesian is the official language, and Papuan Malay is used for trade and inter-ethnic communication. However, local languages are at risk of extinction due to economic, educational, and political challenges. Most transactions in markets use Indonesian, contributing to the decline of regional languages.

Philautus cornutus

The horned bubble-nest frog ("Philautus cornutus") is a frog. It lives in Sumatra, Indonesia. People have seen it between 1529 and 1907 meters above sea level.

Scientists collected samples of this frog in 1920 and five more female frogs in 2013. These five female frogs were found on short plants in mountain forests. These five female frogs were 24.0 – 25.8 mm long from nose to rear end.

The skin of the frog's back is purple-brown in color. Most of these frogs do not have marks or patterns on their backs, but some do. There are some dark marks on the legs. There is a black spot on the rear end. The skin of the belly is light brown in color. There are dark marks on the neck and chest. The iris of the eye is gold-orange on top with dark brown triangles.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", this frog hatches from its egg as a small frog. It never swims as a tadpole.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities and to get wood to build with.

Rumble (2021 movie)

Rumble is a 2021 animated comedy movie led by Hamish Grieve and scripted by Matt Lieberman. The movie is loosely based off of the graphic novel "Monster on the Hill," written by Rob Harrell. The movie is voice acted by Will Arnett, Geraldine Viswanathan, Terry Crews, Stephen A. Smith, Jimmy Tatro, Tony Danza, Susan Kelechi Watson, Tony Shalhoub, Bridget Everett, Greta Lee, Ben Schwartz, Roman Reigns and Becky Lynch. The movie is produced by Paramount Pictures, WWE Studios, Walden Media, and . The movie was released on the 15th of December 2021 on the movie streaming platform Paramount+.

In a world where big monsters and humans coexist with each other, they have a sport called monster wrestling. Each city has its own monster wrestler. The champion from a small town named Stoker, Tentacular, decides he doesn't want to represent Stoker anymore after becoming the world champion. The town is in trouble because if they don't find a new wrestler, they'll lose their stadium and money.

Winnie, who loves wrestling, goes to an underground fight and finds Rayburn Jr., the son of the late Stoker champion. He's fighting under the name "Steve The Stupendous." Winnie helps Steve win a match instead of losing on purpose. Steve owes money to Lady Mayhen, the boss of the underground arena, but Winnie promises to help him get the money by training him to fight Tentacular. Steve agrees.

At first, Steve doesn't care about learning to fight properly and wins by avoiding his opponent. He left Stoker because people only saw him as his father's son, and he couldn't live up to his dad's name. Winnie discovers Steve loves dancing, so she trains him using dance moves. As they move up in the wrestling rankings, Tentacular buys Stoker's stadium and wants to demolish it because he's tired of being compared to Rayburn, Steve's dad.

Even though Steve repays Lady Mayhen, he decides to help Winnie. He reveals he's Rayburn's son and challenges Tentacular to a match for the stadium. During the fight, Steve dodges Tentacular's hits in the first round but struggles in the second. With Winnie's encouragement, Steve lands several hits with his dance moves in the third round. Winnie tells Steve to use Tentacular's suckers to stick him to a corner post. When Steve goes in for the final move, they both get knocked out.

Tentacular gets up first but is too shaken to end the match. The crowd helps Steve by clapping a salsa beat, and he defeats Tentacular, becoming the new monster wrestling champion. Stoker's stadium is saved, and monsters and humans continue to coexist.


Butterbean's Café

Butterbean's Café is an American-Irish computer-animated culinary fantasy children's television series created by Jonny Belt and Robert Scull (who both also created "Bubble Guppies") and ordered by Nickelodeon. The series ran November 12, 2018 to November 1, 2020, with 2 seasons and 60 episodes.

Magnesium hydroxide

Magnesium hydroxide is used to treat occasional constipation in children and adults on a short-term basis. Magnesium hydroxide is in a class of medications called saline laxatives. It works by causing water to be retained with the stool.

FC Nouadhibou

FC Nouadhibou is a Mauritanean professional football club in Nouadhibou. The club was formed in 1999. It plays its home games at the Stade Municipal de Nouadhibou. Their home colours are orange and dark blue and white.

Football Club Nouadhibou, better known as FC Nouadhibou, is a football club based in the city Nouadhibou.

Snow White and the Evil Queen

Snow White and the Evil Queen is a movie starring Brett Cooper as Snow White that is coming out on Bentkey in 2024. It is a movie based on the Brothers Grimm Fairy tale Snow White.

Dhumavati

Dhumavati (Sanskrit: धूमावती, "Dhūmāvatī, literally: "the smoky one"") is one of the Mahavidyas, a group of ten Hindu Tantric goddesses. Dhumavati represents the fearsome aspect of Mahadevi, the supreme goddess in Hindu traditions.

Bagalamukhi

Baglamukhi or Bagalā (Sanskrit: बगलामुखी) is the female form of a personification of the Mahavidyas (great wisdom/science), a group of ten Tantrik deities in Hinduism.

Matangi

Matangi (Sanskrit: मातङ्गी, "Mātaṅgī") is a Hindu goddess. She is one of the Mahavidyas, ten Tantric goddesses and an aspect of the Hindu Divine Mother. She is considered to be the Tantric form of Saraswati, the goddess of music and learning.

Kamalatmika

Kamalā (Sanskrit: कमला) or Kamalālayā (Sanskrit: कमलात्मिका, transl. 'lotus' ) is considered to be the Tantric characterisation of the goddess of prosperity, Lakshmi.

NUFC Chairman

The Chairman of Newcastle United F.C is the head of the club. The chairman advises his team and the owners to make more deals and bring new things into the club. The current chairman is Yasir Al-Rumayyan since 7 October 2021. 

Yasir Al-Rumayyan has been the chairman since 7 October 2021.

Holiday Bash (2023)

Holiday Bash (2023) was a multi-night professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 20 and 23, 2023 at Paycom Center in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and Frost Bank Center in San Antonio, Texas. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite", "Rampage", and "Collision" respectively. It was the fourth Holiday Bash event to take place.

Night 1's main event saw Jay White defeat Jon Moxley in a Gold League match of the AEW Continental Classic tournament. Night 2's main event saw El Hijo del Vikingo defeat Black Taurus to retain his AAA Mega Championship. Night 3's main event saw Eddie Kingston defeat Andrade El Idolo in a Blue League match of the AEW Continental Classic tournament.

"Dynamite (December 20)
"Rampage (taped December 20; aired December 22)
"Collision (aired live December 23)

Sindhi Meghwar

The Sindhi Meghwars or Menghwar (Sindhi: سنڌي ميگهواڙ) are a sub-group of the Meghwal people of Indian subcontinent, who live in the Sindh, Punjab, and Balochistan provinces of Pakistan. They are one of major Hindu community in the region.

New Year's Smash (2023)

New Year's Smash (2023) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 27, 2023 at Addition Financial Arena in Orlando, Florida. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the fourth New Year's Smash event to take place.

Night 1's main event saw The Devil's Masked Men (Matt Taven and Mike Bennett, (unidentified at the time)) defeated MJF in a 2-on-1 Handicap match to win the ROH World Tag Team Championships. Night 2's main event saw Action Andretti and Top Flight (Darius Martin and Dante Martin) defeated Rocky Romero, Trent Beretta, and Orange Cassidy in a trios match.

"Dynamite (aired live December 27)
"Rampage (taped December 27; aired December 29)

AEW Worlds End

Worlds End was a professional wrestling pay-per-view made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 30, 2023 at the Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale, New York. It was the first World's End event to take place and the first AEW pay-per-view to take place in New York.

The main event of the show saw Samoa Joe defeat MJF to win the AEW World Championship. MJF would try to hit Joe with his Dynamite Diamond Ring while the referee was knocked down. Joe would counter this, put MJF in a choke and make MJF pass out to win the match. After the match, the lights would go out and come back on. When the lights came on, a returning Adam Cole was seated in the ring with four masked men. The men would pull off their masks and reveal themselves to be The Kingdom (Matt Taven & Mike Bennet), Roderick Strong, and Wardlow. They would attack MJF after his match and Cole Would pull The Devil mask out of his jacket revealing himself to be The Devil and betraying MJF.

The finals of the Continental Classic also took place during the event. In the finals, Eddie Kingston would defeat Jon Moxley to retain his ROH World Championship and NJPW Strong Openweight Championship. He would also become a Triple Crown Champion when he won the first AEW Continental Championship.

Andrade El Idolo would have his final match in AEW at the event. AEW owner Tony Khan said during the post event press scrum that Andrade's contract had expired.

Shebeshxt

Lehlogonolo Katlego Chauke is a South African rapper and controversial figure professionally known as Shebeshxt. He was born and raised in Lebowakgomo, Limpopo. He became famous after the release of his breakthrough single "Ke Di Shxt Malume" after it went viral on a video sharing platform TikTok and receiving positive comments from the likes of Focalistic.

In 2023, the rapper signed a major deal with the famous Italian company Lamborghini wines by Lamborghini, he appeared on "Podcast and Chill with MacG" and made history by becoming the first guest to surpass 1 million views in 2 days without a record label, television play and radio play.


In April 2023, the rapper was arrested and faced jail time, on 9 May 2023 he made an appearance in Lebowakgomo Magistrate's court for two counts of assault (discharging a firearm after he allegedly fired four shots in the air at a family home in Ga-Mamaola village), attempted murder, and property damage . The rapper's bail was denied after the National Prosecuting Authority spokesperson in Limpopo addresseed that the case was postponed to gather further information, Chauke remained in custody for four months until he was released in August 2023. The discharge of firearm charges were later dropped in October 2023.


Coco Bandicoot

Coco Bandicoot is a video game character and a secondary protagonist of the "Crash Bandicoot" series of video games. In the series, Coco is described as the highly-intelligent and spirited younger sister of Crash Bandicoot, the main protagonist of the series. She often aids her older brother by building gadgets ideal for the situation or even tagging along with Crash in his journeys, using self-taught martial arts to defend herself.

Coco was created by Andy Gavin and Jason Rubin, and was originally designed by Charles Zembillas. Coco's inclusion as a playable character in "Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex" was met with a generally lukewarm response among critics, while her voice has received mixed reviews. However, her inclusion as a playable character in "Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy" and "" was met with positive responses.

Coco's availability as a playable character in "" was omitted from the PlayStation 2 version of the game due to her distinct animations taking up much of the console's memory. In the PlayStation 2 version, she is replaced by a white-furred version of her brother named "Carbon Crash". Coco is voiced by Vicki Winters in "", by Hynden Walch in "Crash Team Racing" and by Debi Derryberry from "" onwards. In the Japanese version of the series, she is voiced by Haruna Ikezawa in the PlayStation games, by Ema Kogure in "Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex", "Crash Nitro Kart" and "Crash Twinsanity", by Satomi Arai in "Crash Tag Team Racing" and by Risa Tsubaki in "Crash Boom Bang!".

Just as her brother Crash was, Coco was genetically engineered through the use of Doctor Neo Cortex's and Doctor Nitrus Brio's Evolvo-Ray. Coco is notable for her high intelligence; her intelligence quotient is said to be as much as 164. Like her brother, Coco has a fearless nature and is willing to take any chance, unafraid of making mistakes. She is a fan of martial arts films and masculine sports such as wrestling and NASCAR. She is also shown to be a skilled scooter rider, using this talent to outrace a Japanese tsunami on one occasion.

Before the events of the series, Coco was an ordinary bandicoot until she was taken from the jungle and genetically enhanced by Doctor Neo Cortex. Coco is first seen in "Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back" living on N. Sanity Island with Crash. One day, when the battery for her laptop runs out, she sends Crash off to find a replacement battery for her. When Coco discovers that Crash is gathering Crystals for Cortex, she becomes suspicious of Cortex and decides to hack into Cortex's computer and see what he's really up to. What she finds are detailed schematics for an improved Cortex Vortex and a suspicious-looking space station. She learns of Cortex's real plan just as Crash has gathered all the Crystals, and reveals Cortex's intentions to Crash before he can give the Crystals to Cortex. After Cortex's plan is foiled, Coco is called upon by Aku Aku in "" to use Doctor Nefarious Tropy's Time-Twisting Machine and gather the powerful Crystals in their original places before Cortex does so. Coco helps by gathering the Crystals in 17th century China, the 18th century Pacific Ocean, and World War I Europe. She is also responsible for the defeat of Cortex's right-hand man Doctor N. Gin on the Moon, with her new pet tiger Pura assisting her.

When the Elementals wreak havoc on the Earth in "Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex", Coco activates a new Portal Chamber for Crash to use. She helps Crash gather the Power Crystals needed to stop the Elementals by collecting them in a tsunami-ravaged China and an avalanche zone. She also stops an armada of Cortex's space stations from striking Earth. Near the end, she helps Crash and Crunch escape from Cortex's malfunctioning space station. In "Crash Twinsanity", Coco is ambushed by Doctor Neo Cortex, who disguises himself as her in order to lure Crash into a trap. Many moments later, Coco believes that Cortex kidnapped Crash, and travels to the Iceberg Lab to confront him. With a swift kick, she attacks Cortex and sends the Power Crystals he was holding flying into the Psychetron. The resulting chain reaction leaves Coco paralyzed until the end of the game.

Coco's availability as a playable character in "" was omitted from the PlayStation 2 version of the game due to her distinct animations taking up much of the console's memory. In the PlayStation 2 version, she is replaced by a white-furred version of her brother named "Carbon Crash". Coco is voiced by Vicki Winters in "", by Hynden Walch in "Crash Team Racing" and by Debi Derryberry from "" onwards. In the Japanese version of the series, she is voiced by Haruna Ikezawa in the PlayStation games, by Ema Kogure in "Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex", "Crash Nitro Kart" and "Crash Twinsanity", by Satomi Arai in "Crash Tag Team Racing" and by Risa Tsubaki in "Crash Boom Bang!".

Coco is fully playable in "Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy" and "", but has the same moveset as Crash in both. Though, she comes with her own animations. Even though Coco first appears in "Cortex Strikes Back", the use of time travel from "Warped" allows her to be playable in all three games from the "N. Sane Trilogy".

Coco is a playable character in "Crash Team Racing" and "Crash Bash". The epilogue of "Crash Team Racing" states that Coco opened up her own Internet dating service after the events of the game. In "", Coco builds a device that reverses the effects of Cortex's Planetary Minimizer. In "", Coco is abducted by N. Trance and is brainwashed alongside Crunch and Fake Crash. Coco battles Crash in a large battleship inside an active volcano, with Crash attacking the craft while it is reloading its weaponry. Upon snapping out of N. Trance's control, Coco becomes a playable character, gathering two Crystals in space while escaping the wrath of a fireball created by N. Tropy. Coco is a playable character in "Crash Nitro Kart" as well. In one cutscene, she uses her hacking skills to put the hyperactive Nash to sleep. In "", Coco teams up with the Professor to track down Ripto and Doctor Cortex. Later in the game, they're both kidnapped by Doctor Cortex's niece, Nina Cortex, who keeps them locked up in cages. After being freed from her cage, Coco suggests that Crash and Spyro put a tracer on Cortex and Ripto as to allow the heroes to track the villains back to their hideout. Coco's last major contribution to the story is constructing a portal to Cortex's and Ripto's lair. Coco is a playable character in "Crash Tag Team Racing". In the game's story, Coco discovers the sole clue to whoever stole MotorWorld's Power Gems, which is Wumpa Whip. Because of Crash's high consumption of the beverage, she briefly believes (along with the others) that Crash is the culprit, despite the fact that Willie Wumpa Cheeks is the park's lone source of Wumpa Whip. At the end of the game, Coco returns the park's deed to Von Clutch, to whom it belongs. Coco plays a central role in "Crash Boom Bang!", in which she is invited by the Viscount to the World Cannonball Race in his search for the Super Big Power Crystal.

Coco has been featured in two series of "Crash Bandicoot" action figures produced by the now-defunct Resaurus. For "Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back", Resaurus produced a Coco Bandicoot figure bundled with figures of a penguin and lizard from the game. The "Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped" series featured two different figures of Coco, including one bundled with Aku Aku and Crash Bandicoot figures.

Coco's inclusion as a playable character in "Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex" was met with a generally lukewarm response among critics. Hilary Goldstein of IGN felt that Coco was a "less powerful" and "less enjoyable" character than Crash and that "she was just not fun the way Crash is". On the subject, Goldstein added that "Crash is a silly creature to look at. He's almost absurd, which works great with his various animations. Coco isn't really silly at all. The game isn't called "Crash and Coco" so why must I be forced to play her? Rather than add variety, Coco detracts from the only real selling point of the game -- Crash Bandicoot." Matt Gallant of GameSpot noted that "When you play a level as Coco instead of Crash, there's no explanation or warning given--you'll simply enter the level's portal as Crash and come out the other end as Coco. It's not all bad, but compared with "(Super Mario) Sunshine", it seems very uneven."

On the other hand, Coco's inclusion as a playable character in the "N. Sane Trilogy" and "Crash 4" was met with positive reception. Patrick Arellano at Comic Book Resources included her in a list of "5 Game Remakes That Added A New Character For The Better." Cubed3 writer Luke Hemming stated "...the ability to replay all levels as Coco Bandicoot, also add a welcome level of replayability in the linear first outing." Reviewing the "N. Sane Trilogy", Aiman Maulana from "New Straits Times" observed that she has the same moveset as Crash, to which he stated "What's the purpose of this? Well, this game is catered to casual gamers so the developers want to cater to a general audience. Having Coco Bandicoot as a playable character will encourage more female gamers to play." At "PlayStation Universe", Kevin R. considered the ability to play as Coco a "neat extra touch," but wished to see her with her own moveset. Denny Connolly at Game Rant stated "...swapping between characters should be a fun addition for fans of the original trilogy," due to the fact she has her own personality and animations in the game. Stacey Henley from "The Guardian" declared that Coco "adds a fresh dimension to the game," along with Cortex, Tawna and Dingodile in "Crash 4".

Coco's redesign in "Crash Bandicoot: One the Run" was met with criticism by Cristina Alexander from TheGamer; Alexander stated "Restoring Coco to her original design and making her look as unappealing as possible instead of using her Crash 4 design in a mobile endless runner game kind of defeats the purpose of rebooting the Crash Bandicoot franchise and updating their looks to keep up with the times." In another article from TheGamer, Mark Sammut described her as "awesome," and noted "Coco might not be the most layered character ever, but her consistent characterization in the early games clearly left an impression on many players." Sammut also stated that the use of smartphones and taking selfies "fits Coco's personality."

She was included among the "50 Greatest Heroines In Video Game History" by Complex's Michael Rogueau, whom cited her as a "cute sidekick." In 2016, Adam Starkey at "Metro" suggested a spin-off focusing on Coco, noting "The Bandicoots would certainly benefit from some franchise building outside of the main marsupial himself, with Coco being our prime candidate."

List of Nigerian actors

List of Nigerian actors and actresses;


Goosebumps 2: Haunted Halloween

Goosebumps 2: Haunted Halloween (sometimes referred to as Goosebumps: Horrorland) is a 2018 American fantasy horror comedy movie. It was based on the children's book series of the same name by R.L. Stine. It was directed by Rob Letterman and produced by Deborah Forte and Neal H. Moritz. Darren Lemke write the movie with music by Danny Elfman. It was produced and distributed by Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Animation.

The movie stars Jack Black, Dylan Minnette, Odeya Rush, Amy Ryan, Halston Sage, Ryan Lee, and Jillian Bell. It was filmed in Atlanta, Georgia. The movie was set in present-day Delaware. It was released on 8 October 2018 at Culver City, California and 12 October 2018 in United States

List of highest-grossing media franchises

This is a list of companies that have earned $2 million dollars and above. 

Pokémon

Mickey Mouse and Friends

Winnie the Pooh

Star Wars

Disney Princess

Harry Potter

Barbie

Call of Duty

Batman

Hello Kitty

Spider-Man

Dungeon Fighter Online

Cars

Candy Crush

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles

Looney Tunes

Dora the Explorer

Pac-Man

The Lion King

Toy Story

James Bond

Peanuts

PAW Patrol

Avengers

Frozen

Space Invaders

SpongeBob SquarePants

Warcraft

Minions (Despicable Me)

Star Trek

Street Fighter

Rilakkuma

Monster Strike

Grand Theft Auto (GTA)

Dragon Ball

Angry Birds

Thomas & Friends

Jurassic Park

Demon Slayer

Power Rangers

Mario

Fast & Furious

Pirates of the Caribbean

Ben 10

The Muppets

DC Extended Universe

Ultra Series

Madden NFL

Fate/stay night

X-Men

Superman

Middle-earth

Halo

Ice Age

Shrek 

The Phantom of the Opera

Avatar

Sonic the Hedgehog

Yu-Gi-Oh!

Mamma Mia!

Mortal Kombat

Gundam

The Sims

Bob the Builder

My Little Pony

The Simpsons

Scooby-Doo

Beyblade

The Big Bang Theory

Seinfeld

Twilight

Minecraft

Strawberry Shortcake

Gran Turismo

The Smurfs

Cabbage Patch Kids

G.I. Joe

Genshin Impact

Beauty and the Beast

Skylanders

The Hunger Games

Titanic

Bratz

Hamtaro

Astro Boy

Thor

Iron Man

Godzilla

Resident Evil

Indiana Jones

Madagascar

Captain America

The Powerpuff Girls

Winx Club

Friends

Sailor Moon

The Incredibles

Kumamon

Aladdin

Black Panther

Planet of the Apes

Jumanji

The Conjuring Universe

Finding Nemo

Guardians of the Galaxy

The Little Mermaid

MonsterVerse

Yo-kai Watch

The Chronicles of Narnia

Kung Fu Panda

E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial

Bourne

Care Bears

Man in Black

Ghostbusters

Lego

NBA Jam

Communist Party of Australia (Marxist-Leninist)

The Communist Party of Australia (Marxist–Leninist) is an Australian communist party founded in the year 1964. The party was created from a split within the Communist Party of Australia originating from the Sino-Soviet split. The party describes it's ideology to have been inspired from the works of Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels, Vladimir Lenin, Joseph Stalin, Mao Zedong and Ted Hill.

BMTE

The BMTE (or the MINFAR) is the Cuban military force that protects the country against any inner or outer threat. It was founded in 1896 but later changed its name in 1961. Conscription is obligated for 3 years starting the age of 17. 

Cristiano Vale

Cristiano Dutra Vale (born in Manhuaçu on April 10, 1970) is a Brazilian cattle rancher and politician, affiliated with the Progressive Party. Currently, he holds the position of mayor of the municipality of Viseu in the state of Pará. Previously, he served as a federal deputy for the state of Pará, Brazil.

Internet bot

A web robot (or Internet bot) is a piece of software that automatically does tasks on the Internet, usually to copy the behaviors of a human on the internet. Web robots are used to do simple tasks faster then a human could do. Web robots are mostly used for web crawling, where a robot downloads the content from a website and looks through the content. 

There have been attempts to restrict web robots from websites. Some websites have a robots.txt file to control what the web robots can or can not do. Any web robot that does not follow the rules can be prevented from accessing the website with the robots.txt file. However if there is no program to enforce the rules in the robots.txt file, then following the rules is a choice for the web robot. There are also web robots deemed as "good" such as search engine spiders, who crawl websites for use in search engines such as Google or Bing but there are also web robots deemed as "bad" such as web robots who attack political campaigns with the intent of causing harm to that political campaign. 

U.S. Route 17

U.S Route 17 is a north-south highway in the Southeastern United States. The highway is close to the East Coast of the United States except the part between Punta Gorda, Florida and Jacksonville, Florida. The southern ending section of the highway is in Punta Gorda, Florida and the northern ending section is in Winchester. The highway spans multiple states which are Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Virginia.

Chloe George

Chloe George (born Chloe Gasparini) is an American musician. George has written songs with artists including Dua Lipa and Normani.

George attended the New York University Tisch School of the Arts. 

In 2021, George signed to the Fader Label in 2021, where she released her first song called "Peachi". George released her debut EP in 2022 called "Penny".

Attempted assassination of Lee Jae-myung

On 2 January 2024, Democratic Party of Korea leader Lee Jae-myung was stabbed while visiting the construction site of an airport in Gadeokdo, Busan.

At 10:27 a.m. KST, the attacker went to Lee and asked for an autograph before stabbing him in the neck. Officials quickly went to protect Lee, and one of them covered his neck with a cloth. It was reported Lee was bleeding but remained conscious. Lee was taken to an ambulance at 10:47 a.m. and arrived at the regional trauma center at Pusan National University Hospital at 11:16 a.m. He was then transferred to Seoul National University Hospital.

Lee suffered a "one-centimetre wound on his neck" with minor bleeding. His injuries were soon reported to be "non life-threatening".

Lee underwent emergency surgery at Seoul National University Hospital later in the day. Democratic Party officials said that the surgery "took longer than expected" and medical officials were closely monitoring his progress.

The suspect was arrested, and appeared to be in his 50s or 60s.

Berbera

Berbera (; , ) is the capital of the Sahil region of Somaliland. It is the main sea port of the country. Berbera is a coastal city and was the former capital of the British Somaliland protectorate before Hargeisa. 

It was a major port of the Ifat, Adal and Isaaq sultanates from the 13th to 19th centuries.

Hargeisa

Hargeisa ( ; ; ) is the largest and capital city of the self-declared Republic of Somaliland. It is also the regional capital of the Maroodi Jeex province of Somaliland. 

Governor of Gyeonggi Province

The Governor of Gyeonggi Province () is the head of the local government of Gyeonggi Province, South Korea, who is elected to a four-year term.

Moratorium (law)

A moratorium is a delay or suspension of an activity or a law. Legally, it may be about a temporary suspension of a law to allow a legal challenge to be carried out.

Andong

Andong () is a city in South Korea. It is the capital of North Gyeongsang Province. It is the largest city in the northern part of the province with a population of 167,821. The Nakdong River flows through the city. 

In 1999, Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom celebrated her 73rd birthday in the city.

List of food days

This is a list of food days by country. Many countries have designated specific days as celebrations, commemorations, or acknowledgments of certain types of food and drink.
The United States has over 175 days related to awareness of specific foods or drinks.

Postpartum period

The postpartum (or postnatal) period begins after childbirth and lasts for six weeks after birth. 

There are three phases of the postnatal period:

The World Health Organization (WHO) says that the postnatal period is the most critical and the most ignored phase in the lives of mothers and babies. Most maternal and newborn deaths happen during this period.

A woman giving birth may leave as soon as she is medically stable, which can be as early as a few hours postpartum. However the average for a vaginal birth is one to two days. The average caesarean section postnatal stay is three to four days. During this time, the mother is checked for bleeding, bowel and bladder function, and baby care. The infant's health is also checked. 

Many organizations recommend routine postpartum evaluation at certain times in the postpartum period.

The delayed postpartum period starts after the subacute postpartum phase and lasts up to six months. During this time, muscles and connective tissue returns to a pre-pregnancy state. Recovery from childbirth problems such as urinary function are typically very slow and in some cases may not resolve. Symptoms of PTSD often disappear in this period. During this period, infant sleep during the night increases and maternal sleep usually improves. 

During the subacute postpartum phase, psychological problems may show up such as postpartum depression, post-traumatic stress disorder, and in rare cases, psychosis. Postpartum mental illness can affect both mothers and fathers, and is not uncommon.

Postpartum depression

Postpartum depression (PPD), also called postnatal depression, is a type of mood disorder that happens after childbirth, which can affect both sexes.

Symptoms may include extreme sadness, low energy, anxiety, crying episodes, and changes in sleeping or eating patterns. PPD can also negatively affect the newborn child. 

While the exact cause of PPD is unknown, the cause is believed to be a combination of physical, emotional, genetic, and social factors. These may include factors such as hormonal changes and sleep problems. Risk factors include bipolar disorder, a family history of depression, psychological stress, problems during childbirth, lack of support, or a drug use disorder. 

Diagnosis is based on a person's symptoms. While most women experience a short time of worry or unhappiness after delivery, postpartum depression should be seen when symptoms are severe and last over two weeks.

Among those at risk, giving psychosocial support could prevent PPD. This may include community support such as food, household chores, mother care, and friendship. Treatment for PPD may include counseling or medications. Types of counseling have been found to be useful in treating PPD. 

Postpartum depression affects roughly 8.9-10.1% of women in high income countries and 17.8-19.7% of women in low and middle income countries. Postpartum depression commonly affects mothers who have had experienced stillbirth, live in urban areas, and are single mothers. This mood disorder is seen to affect 1% to 26% of new fathers. 

Postpartum psychosis is a more severe form of postpartum mood disorder and happens in about 1 to 2 per 1,000 women following childbirth. Postpartum psychosis is one of the leading causes of murder of children less than one year of age. It happens in about 8 per 100,000 births in the United States.

Sidney M. Wolfe

Sidney Manuel Wolfe (June 12, 1937 – January 1, 2024) was an American physician and health activist. He was the co-founder and director of Public Citizen's Health Research Group, a consumer and health advocacy lobbying organization. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. 

Wolfe was known for campaigning against the use of some pharmaceutical medications due to the health issues they had caused. Wolfe was also known for his criticisms of the Food and Drug Administration.
Wolfe died of a brain tumor on January 1, 2024 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 86.


Miami Herald

The Miami Herald is an American newspaper. It is headquartered in Miami-Dade County, Florida. Founded in 1903, it is the fifth largest newspaper in Florida.The "Miami Herald" has been awarded 24 Pulitzer Prizes.

In 1903, Frank B. Stoneman moved the "Orlando Record" newspaper to Miami, and called it the "Miami Evening Record". In 1907, the name changed to the "Miami Morning News-Record". 

In 1910, Frank B. Shutts bought the newspaper and renamed it to the "Miami Herald".

During the Florida land boom of the 1920s, the "Miami Herald" was the largest newspaper in the world. 

The newspaper won its first Pulitzer Prize in 1950, for its reporting on Miami's organized crime.<ref name="miamiherald/273648785"></ref>

The newspaper was bought in 2019.

Zvi Zamir

Zvi Zamir () (born Zvicka Zarzevsky; 3 March 1925 – 2 January 2024) was a Polish-born Israeli major general in the Israel Defense Forces. He was the director of the Mossad from 1968 to 1974. During his time as Mossad director, he oversaw the country's response to the Munich massacre and the Yom Kippur War. He was also a businessman and was CEO of BAZAN Group in the 1970s.

Zamir was born in Łódź, Poland. He moved to the British Mandate of Palestine when he was seven months old.

Zamir died on 2 January 2023 in Tel Aviv, Israel at the age of 98.


Lindsey Haun

Lindsey Haun (born November 21, 1984) is an American singer.


Florida land boom of the 1920s

The Florida land boom of the 1920s was the first real estate bubble in Florida. It happened between 1924 to 1926. It attracted investors from all over the United States and around the world. It left behind new properties in Florida. Some of these properties were racially segregated for many years. 

The main cities affected by this economic bubble were Miami Beach, Coral Gables, Hialeah, Miami Springs, Opa-locka, Miami Shores, and Hollywood, Florida. It also left behind failed projects such as Aladdin City, the original plan of Boca Raton, Chevelier, Fulford-by-the-Sea, Interocean City, Isola di Lolando, Okeelanta, Palm Beach Ocean, Poinciana, and Sun City. 

The economic bubble made new cities. It ended in a financial collapse that ruined many investors and property owners. It made the local economy worse for many years after.

The economic growth in the 1920s, along with a lack of knowledge of weather conditions and bad building standards started it. People outside of the United States pictured Miami as a tropical paradise. More tourists began to visit Miami or immigrate to Miami. 

By 1925, investors were beginning to read negative articles about Florida investments. "Forbes" magazine wrote that Florida land prices were based on no real land value. The Internal Revenue Service began to say that the economic bubble was as a big sham operation. In October 1925, the main railroad companies in Florida stopped sending many products to the state. Also in 1925, Florida began to pass laws to control real estate. One law was that salespeople had to have licenses and offices. This caused more demand for office spaces.

The city's image as a tropical paradise began to crumble. In May 1926, the boom was about to end. The 1926 Miami hurricane ended the boom, and the 1928 Okeechobee hurricane completely stopped it.


Li Andersson

Li Sigrid Andersson (born 13 May 1987) is a Finnish politician. She was the Minister of Education from 2019 to 2023. She has been the leader of the Left Alliance since 2016. She has been a Member of Parliament since 2015. 

In September 2023, Andersson announced her candidacy for President of Finland in the 2024 election.

Jussi Halla-aho

Jussi Kristian Halla-aho (; born 27 April 1971) is a Finnish politician. He is the Speaker of the Parliament of Finland since 2023. Halla-aho has served as a member of the Parliament of Finland from 2011 to 2014 and again since 2019. He was the leader of the Finns Party from 10 June 2017 to 14 August 2021. 

Between 2014 and 2019, he was a member of the European Parliament. He is a candidate for President of Finland in the 2024 election.

Jutta Urpilainen

Jutta Pauliina Urpilainen (born 4 August 1975) is a Finnish politician. She was the first female chair of the Social Democratic Party of Finland, which she led from 2008 to 2014. She was the Minister of Finance as well as the Deputy Prime Minister of Finland from 2011 to 2014. She is the European Commissioner for International Partnerships since 2019. She is a candidate for President of Finland in the 2024 election.

Sari Essayah

Sari Miriam Essayah (born 21 February 1967) is a Finnish retired racewalker and a politician. She has been a member of the Parliament of Finland since 2015. She is the president of the Finnish Christian Democrats party. She is the Minister of Agriculture and Forestry since 2023.

She competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics, coming in 4th and 16th place respectively.

In 2016, Essayah became a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), and she has been a member of the Ethics Committee, Finnish Athletics Association since 2014.

Essayah ran for President of Finland in the 2012 election, coming in last place. She is running again in the 2024 election.

2024 Finnish presidential election

Presidential elections were held in Finland on 28 January 2024, and a second round was held on 11 February 2024. Voters elected the President of the Republic for a six-year term. Current President Sauli Niinistö is term-limited and cannot run for re-election since he has served the maximum two terms.

Had the new president been elected in the first round on 28 January by winning more than half of valid votes cast, their term would have begun on 1 February. However, No candidate received a majority of votes.

Alexander Stubb and Pekka Haavisto ran in a runoff on 11 February with Stubb winning 51.6% to Haavisto's 48.4%. The result in the second round was the closest in the history of presidential elections in Finland. Stubb will be inaugurated as president on 1 March.

Bob Ferguson (politician)

Robert Watson Ferguson (born February 23, 1965) is an American lawyer and politician. Since 2013 he has been attorney general of Washington, the 18th person to serve in that office. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 

In 2017, Ferguson was included on the annual "Time" 100 list of the most influential people in the world.

In September 2023, Ferguson announced that he is a candidate for Governor of Washington in the 2024 election.

Ferguson is an internationally rated chess master. He has twice won the Washington State Chess Championship.

Norm Dicks

Norman DeValois Dicks (born December 16, 1940) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the U.S. representative for , between 1977 and 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 

Killing of Melvin Fletcher Jr

Two St. Paul police officers were cleared by a grand jury Wednesday of any wrongdoing in the shooting death of a suspected grocery store robber in 2012.

A grand jury issued a "no bill" in the slaying of Melvin Fletcher Jr., 20, of Brooklyn Park, who was shot and killed Dec. 17 by at least one officer after he allegedly robbed Kowalski's Market at 1261 Grand Av., according to a release by the Ramsey County attorney's office.

The jurors determined that probable cause did not exist to charge officers Theodore Mackintosh and Jeffrey Thissen, who both have more than a decade of experience with the department, and that their use of deadly force was authorised.

Melvin Duane Fletcher Jr. (December 23, 1991 - December 17, 2012) is a son of Melvin Fletcher Sr. down back to his school before he died.
In 1994, he started visiting his school before he stop visiting school when he was educated, Melvin's mother says My son was shot during a gunshot, also his father said that.

2024 Haneda Airport runway collision

On 2 January 2024, Japan Airlines Flight 516 was involved in an accident when it collided with a Japan Coast Guard aircraft while landing at Haneda Airport in Tokyo. Both planes caught fire after the impact. On the Japan Airlines plane, all of the 379 people on board got out safely. The Japan Coast Guard plane had 6 people, but 5 of them died, leaving 1 survivor. In total, 380 people survived. This is the first major accident and hull loss of an Airbus A350.

The Japan Airlines plane involved was an Airbus A350-941, registration JA13XJ, made in 2021, with two Rolls-Royce engines. The Japan Coast Guard plane was a De Havilland Canada Dash 8, registered as JA722A.

Japan Airlines Flight 516 left New Chitose Airport in Sapporo at 16:27 JST, and around 17:47, it collided with a Japan Coast Guard Dash 8 while landing at Haneda Airport. The Coast Guard plane was getting ready to deliver supplies to Niigata after the 2024 Noto earthquake.

Strange Fruit

"Strange Fruit" is a song written by Abel Meeropol and recorded by Billie Holiday in 1939. The song protests the lynching of Black Americans in the South and reached its peak in the early 20th century. The song has been a declaration and the beginning of the civil rights movement. Holiday's version of the song was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1978. It has been covered by a number of artists over the years including Nina Simone in 1965.

Circle of competence

A circle of competence is the subject area that is a person or group's skills or expertise.

The circle of competence can be determined by many factors, including their profession, spending habits, and the types of products they normally use.

Japan Coast Guard

The is the coast guard of Japan.

The Japan Coast Guard has about 13,700 personnel and is responsible for the protection of the coastline of Japan. The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism is in charge of the coast guard. The Japan Coast Guard was founded in 1948.

The motto of the Japan Coast Guard is .

Ankusha

The ankusha, bullhook, or elephant goad is a tool employed by mahout consists of a hook (usually bronze or steel) which is attached.

Cherelle Parker

Cherelle Lesley Parker (born September 10, 1972) is an American politician who has served as the 100th Mayor of Philadelphia since 2024. She is the first woman to hold the office.

Mike Johnston (Colorado politician)

Michael Christopher Johnston (born November 17, 1974) is an American educator and politician. He is the 46th and current mayor of Denver, Colorado since 2023. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Johnston was a member of the Colorado Senate from 2009 to 2017. He was a candidate for Governor of Colorado in 2018, losing in the primary to Jared Polis. He was also a candidate for the U.S. Senate in 2020, before withdrawing from the race in September 2019.

John Cooper (Tennessee politician)

John Cooper (born October 15, 1956) is an American businessman who was the mayor of Nashville, Tennessee from 2019 to 2023. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He is the brother of former U.S. representative Jim Cooper, who represented Tennessee's 5th congressional district.

On January 31, 2023, Cooper announced that he would not run for reelection in the 2023 Nashville mayoral election.

Freddie O'Connell

Thomas Frederick O'Connell (born 1976/1977) is an American politician who is mayor of Metropolitan Nashville since 2023.

Buddy Dyer

John Hugh "Buddy" Dyer (born August 7, 1958) is an American Democratic politician who became Mayor of Orlando, Florida since 2003. Before, he was a representative for Orlando in the Florida State Senate from 1992 to 2002.

Frank Ryan (American football)

Frank Beall Ryan (July 12, 1936 – January 1, 2024) was an American professional football player. He was born in Fort Worth, Texas. He was a quarterback in the National Football League (NFL) for the Los Angeles Rams from 1958 to 1961, Cleveland Browns from 1962 to 1968 and Washington Redskins from 1969 to 1970. 

Ryan was also a mathematician and was a faculty member at Case Western Reserve University from 1967 to 1974.

Ryan died at a nursing home in Waterford, Connecticut on January 1, 2024 from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 87.


Consort of Spain

The Consort of Spain or Spanish consort is the constitutional form of government of Spain. It consists as the husband or wife of the monarch, being the second next highest office of the country. The current consort is Letizia since 19 June 2014, after the abdication of her husbands father, King Juan Carlos I. 
List of F5 and EF5 tornadoes

This is a list of tornadoes rated F5 on the Fujita scale, EF5 on the Enhanced Fujita scale, IF5 on the , or T10-T11 on the TORRO scale, which is equivalent to an F5 rating. These ratings (F5/EF5/IF5/T10/T11) are the highest possible ratings on the various global tornado intensity scales. These various scales attempt to estimate the strength of a tornado by classifying the damage caused to nature and man-made structures in the tornado's path.

Tornadoes are among the most violent known meteorological phenomena. Each year, more than 2,000 tornadoes are recorded worldwide, with the majority occurring in North America and Europe. In order to assess the intensity of these events, meteorologist Ted Fujita created a way to estimate highest wind speeds within tornadic storms based on the damage caused; this became known as the Fujita scale. The scale ranks tornadoes from F0 to F5, with F0 being the least intense and F5 being the most intense. F5 tornadoes were estimated to have had maximum winds between and .
Following two particularly devastating tornadoes in 1997 and 1999, engineers questioned the reliability of the Fujita scale. Ultimately, a new scale was created that considered 28 different damage indicators; this became known as the Enhanced Fujita scale. The Enhanced Fujita scale is used almost entirely in North America. Most of Europe, however, uses the TORRO tornado intensity scale (TORRO scale or T-Scale), which ranks tornado intensity between T0 and T11; F5/EF5 tornadoes are about the same to T10 to T11 on the T-Scale.

In the United States, between 1950 and January 31, 2007, a total of 50 tornadoes were officially rated F5, and since February 1, 2007, a total of nine tornadoes have been officially rated EF5. Since 1950, Canada has had one tornado officially rated an F5. Outside the United States and Canada, seven tornadoes have been officially rated F5/EF5/T10+ or equivalent: two each in France, Germany, and one in Italy, Argentina and Australia.

Several other tornadoes have also been documented as possibly attaining this status, though they are not officially rated as such. The work of tornado expert revealed the existence of several dozen likely F5 tornadoes between 1880 and 1995. Grazulis also called into question the ratings of several tornadoes currently rated F5 by official sources. Many tornadoes officially rated F4/EF4 have been questioned and described as actual F5/EF5/T10+ tornadoes, and vice versa; since structures are completely destroyed in both cases, distinguishing between an EF4 tornado and an EF5 tornado is often very difficult. Additionally, because tornado ratings are damage-based, many tornadoes capable of causing F5/EF5/T10+ damage, such as those that move through rural areas, may receive lower ratings because their strongest winds do not strike any suitable damage indicators.

The tornadoes on this list have been formally rated F5 by an official government source. Unless otherwise noted, the source of the F5 rating is the U.S. National Weather Service (NWS), as shown in the archives of the Storm Prediction Center (SPC) and National Climatic Data Center (NCDC).

Before 1950, assessments of F5 tornadoes are based primarily on the work of Thomas P. Grazulis. The NCDC has accepted 38 of his F5 classifications of tornadoes occurring between 1880 and 1950. In addition to the accepted ones, Grazulis rated a further 25 during the same period which were not accepted. Grazulis' work has identified 16 additional F5 tornadoes between 1950 and 1995, with four later being accepted by the NCDC. From 1950 to 1970, tornadoes were assessed retrospectively, primarily using information recorded in government databases, as well as newspaper photographs and eyewitness accounts. Beginning in 1971, tornadoes were rated by the NWS using on-site damage surveys.

As of February 1, 2007, tornadoes in the United States are rated using the Enhanced Fujita scale, which replaced the Fujita scale in order to more accurately correlate tornadic intensity with damage indicators and to augment and refine damage descriptors. No earlier tornadoes will be reclassified on the Enhanced Fujita scale, and no new tornadoes in the United States will be rated on the original Fujita scale. France and Canada also adopted the EF-Scale in the next few years. Since the creation of the International Fujita scale in 2018, no tornadoes have been rated IF5.

Worldwide, a total of 67 tornadoes have been officially rated F5/EF5: 59 in the United States, two each in France and Germany, and one each in Argentina, Australia, Canada, and Italy. Of the 59 tornadoes in the United States, 50 are officially rated F5 on the original Fujita scale (with dates of occurrence between May 11, 1953, and May 3, 1999), and nine are officially rated EF5 on the Enhanced Fujita scale (with dates of occurrence between May 4, 2007, and May 20, 2013). In total, 57 of these tornadoes have been rated F5 and ten have been rated EF5.


The process to rate tornadic damage is often difficult. Because of the difficulty, the official ratings of tornadoes are sometimes questioned by others. These may be questioned by other meteorologists, universities and colleges, as well as independent studies published in academic journals.

This is a list of tornadoes. Tornadoes on this list may have been previously rated F5 or EF5 by the official government damage surveyors. Tornadoes on this list may have also been rated F5 or EF5 by some other meteorologist or expert.


This is a list of tornadoes which had possible F5 or EF5 damage. The ratings of possible F5 or EF5 damage could come from the National Weather Service, other branches of the U.S. government, or other tornado experts.


This is a list of tornadoes which may have or did reached F5 or EF5 strength. These tornadoes did not caused F5 or EF5 damage. However, experts or scientists have determined these tornadoes reached F5 or EF5 intensity or think they did.




European Severe Storms Laboratory

The European Severe Storms Laboratory (ESSL) is a scientific organisation that conducts research on severe convective storms, tornadoes, intense precipitation events, and avalanches across Europe and the Mediterranean. It operates the widely cited European Severe Weather Database (ESWD). ESSL is also responsible for leading the creation of the International Fujita scale in 2018 to replace the Fujita scale.

The European Severe Storms Laboratory started as an informal network of European scientists with the goal to advance research on severe convective storms and extreme weather events on a European level. It was initiated in 2002 by Nikolai Dotzek and became a non-profit organization with charitable status in 2006.

The ESSL focuses on research questions concerning convective storms and other extreme weather phenomena which can be treated more efficiently on a pan-European scale. It can be seen as roughly the European counterpart to the US's National Severe Storms Laboratory (NSSL). Some members of ESSL participate in the European Storm Forecast Experiment (ESTOFEX) which issues daily forecasts of severe convective storms. It can be seen as the operational counterpart to the US Storm Prediction Center (SPC) akin to ESSL being the research counterpart to NSSL, although both European organizations currently lack the institutional support enjoyed by the US organisations which are government entities.

The purposes of the ESSL are:


Lucie Jones

Lucie Bethan Jones (born 20 March 1991) is a Welsh singer, musical theatre actress and model. She competed on "The X Factor" in 2006 and later represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2017 with the song "Never Give Up on You", finishing 15th.

Hastings Ndlovu

Hastings Ndlovu (2 February 1961 – 16 June 1976) was a South African activist who was shot and killed during the 1976 Soweto uprising.

Ndlovu was 15 years old on the day of the uprising. He and other Black students protested against an official order making Afrikaans required in their schools and banning their local languages in these schools. On that morning, he led these students towards the bridge in Khumalo Street, where they met police from the Orlando Police Station led by Colonel Kleingeld. Kleingeld later claimed that he was "inciting the mob". There he was shot at, and he was actually the first to be shot according to police records. However, his death did not become as iconic as Hector Pieterson's because no photographer was present to record Ndlovu's death and it was not immediately known.

Ndlovu was taken, in the middle of the morning, to Chris Hani Baragnawath Hospital with gunshot wounds. More specifically, he had a bullet wound to one side of his head. Brains and blood spilled out of a large exit wound on the other. He also had a coma from the moment he was shot, and he was dead at some time around midday. This was all recorded by his doctor, Malcolm Klein, in his report from 2003, now in the Hector Pieterson Museum.

Ndlovu's legacy was passed on by his family. His father died in 2003 and his two sisters went into exile shortly after 16 June but have returned to Johannesburg. It is believed that his mother died shortly after her two daughters left South Africa.

Ndlovu was laid to rest in the same cemetery as Pieterson, Avalon Cemetery, and is honoured alongside Pieterson at the Hector Pieterson Museum His home was given a blue plaque on June 16, 2012 as a spot on the June 16 Soweto Heritage Trail to remember his sacrifice. Ndlovu's bridge, on the corner of Klipspruit Valley and Khumalo roads, marks the location where he was shot by the police. On the bridge there is a statue of young Ndlovu dressed in uniform and standing on a plinth (heavy supporting base). He is smiling and holding his arm up. Storyboards line each side of the bridge, on the sides of a new steel and concrete structure with seating.

Japan Trench

The Japan Trench is a long oceanic trench in the Pacific Ocean near Japan. It is a deep and wide trench, and it is famous because it's where one of the most powerful earthquakes happened in 2011. This earthquake caused a big tsunami that affected Japan's eastern coast. The Japan Trench is important because it's where two of Earth's tectonic plates meet: the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate. These plates move and sometimes cause earthquakes and tsunamis in the region.

The rate of subduction associated with the Japan Trench has been recorded at about 7.9–9.2 centimetres (3.1–3.6 in)/yr.

Felix Dzerzhinsky

Felix Dzerzhinsky was the first leader of the Cheka, or the first Soviet state security organization. He was a Polish aristocrat-turned-Communist.

Eyestalk ablation

Eyestalk ablation is a common practice in shrimp farming. "Ablation" is a more technical word for "removal". With eyestack ablation, one or both eyestalks are removed from female shrimps. Sometimes the eyestalks are not removed, but they are made unusable. This is done to encourage the crustaceans to develop mature ovaries and lay eggs. In captivity, female shrimps often face challenges in maturing their ovaries. Even when a species can reproduce in captivity, eyestalk ablation boosts egg production and the number of females involved in reproduction. After eyestalk ablation, complete ovarian development can happen in as little as three to ten days, making shrimp farming more reliable.

The main idea behind eyestalk ablation is to reduce the inhibitory effect of a hormone called gonad inhibitory hormone (GIH).This hormone is produced in the eyestalk. It is usually present in higher levels during non-breeding seasons, inhibiting ovary development. By removing the eyestalk, the level of GIH decreases, allowing mature ovaries to develop. Another theory suggests that eyestalk ablation affects light perception, influencing ovarian maturation. The exact way eyestack ablation works is not fully understood.

Critics argue that eyestalk ablation is harmful to shrimps as it is often done without anesthesia, causing stress due to impaired vision. In some shrimp species, like the tiger prawn, the eyestalks can fully regenerate in less than six months. There is also a debate about the ways in which crustaceans feel pain.

Eyestalk ablation is currently prohibited in Europe for organic production. In 2016, Seajoy, one of the major producers of premium farmed shrimp in Central America, started to farm only ablation-free shrimp.

Eye ablation in female shrimps has various effects, including:

There are different ways to do eyestalk ablation, including:

There are viable alternatives. They include:


Non-ablated females have lower mortality rates and produce more robust offspring; this reduces the need for chemicals and antibiotics.

Saleh al-Arouri

Saleh al-Arouri (, also transliterated as Salah al-Arouri or Salih al-Aruri; 19 August 1966 – 2 January 2024) was a senior leader of Hamas, and a founding commander of its military wing, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, at the time of his death. He lived in Lebanon. 

On 2 January 2024, al-Arouri was killed in Dahieh, suburban Beirut, in a missile attack by the Israeli regime.

Philautus mjobergi

The Murud bubble-nest frog ("Philautus mjobergi") is a frog. It lives in Borneo, in Indonesia and Malaysia. People have seen it between 1500 and 3000 meters above sea level.

Sartaj Aziz

Sartaj Aziz (; 7 February 1929 – 2 January 2024) was a Pakistani economist and politician. Aziz was born in Mardan, then-British India.

Aziz was the Minister of Finance from 1990 to 1993 and 1997 to 1998. He was the National Security Advisor from 2013 to 2015. He also was the Minister for Foreign Affairs from 1998 to 1999 and again from 2013 to 2017. He worked in the government of Nawaz Sharif. Aziz was also a member of the Senate from 1988 to 1999.

Aziz died on 2 January 2024 in Islamabad, Pakistan at the age of 94.

Professional Women's Hockey League

The Professional Women's Hockey League (PWHL; ) is a professional women's ice hockey league. It was made on August 29, 2023. There are 6 teams in the league; 3 in Canada and 3 in the United States. The league was first announced on August 29, 2023. The first game of the league was held on January 1, 2024 between PWHL New York and PWHL Toronto.

The league is owned by the Mark Walter Group and management of the league is headed by commissioner Jayna Hefford. Brian Burke also works as an executive director of the players' union.

Alison Christie

Ali Christie-Upton (born 1 December 1969 Jersey) is a Scottish rugby union player.

From 1994-2004, she competed for Scotland. She competed at the 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup She competed at Womens Six Nations Championship.

She played for Richmond Rugby. She has also represented the Classic Lionesses team, in the 2003 Bermuda Classics and in 2007 Murrayfield Stadium. 

Pain in crustaceans

Pain in crustaceans is the debate of whether or not crustaceans can feel pain, and in what way they feel pain. Pain is a complex state, and it may involve suffering. It is difficult to see if an animal feels pain. In general, pain is caused by harmful stimuli, and animals that feel pain will avoid these stimuli. To actually feel the pain, the animal also needs a more or less complex nervous system. Crustaceans fulfil several criteria. They do have a complex nervous system, they have opioid receptors, and they react less, when they are given anesthetics (painkillers). 

Also, they show some degree of learning how to avoid the bad stimulus.

Eyestalk

An Eyestalk, eye stalk or ommatophore is a feature that moves an eye away from the body in anatomy. That way, the eye has a better field of view. Eyestalks are a specialized type of tentacle. Tentacles may also have olfactory organs at their ends. Examples of creatures with olfactory tentacles include snails, the trilobite superfamily Asaphida, and the fly family Diopsidae. In slugs and snails, these tentacles will regrow if severely damaged, and in some species, are retractable. Crustaceans also have eyestalks, consisting of two segments. 

Maria Callas Museum

The Maria Callas Museum is a museum created for the famous Greek soprano Maria Callas. It opened on 26 October 2023, and is located in Athens, Greece.

In 2000, the City of Athens bought some of Callas' personal objects, and started a collection about the soprano, with the goal of creating an exhibition for the 2004 Summer Olympics. In 2010, the City bought a three storey building of the interwar period located on 44 Mitropoleos Street, for 7 million euros. Three years later, it was decided that the Callas collection would be moved to that building.

The study for the museum made by Erato Koutsoudaki, Andromache Gazi and Alexandros Charkiolakis was first presented in 2014. The Maria Callas Museum opened a decade later, on Thursday, 26 October 2023. The museum's management was given to the managers of the Technopolis of Athens cultural centre, for the years 2023 to 2028.

The museum has many of Callas' personal objects, costumes for opera and personal haute couture clothes. According to the museum's co-designer, architect and museum specialist Erato Koutsoudaki, the museum's collection is not its greatest element; its exhibitions were based on Callas' personality and they include her singing voice and interviews of hers.


Gimli, Manitoba

Gimli is a town in Canada where people speak Icelandic. It is one of the five settlements who speak Icelandic. This town is owned by Canada. The province locator for this town is Manitoba. It is the largest Icelandic community outside Iceland.

1764 Woldegk tornado

The 1764 Woldegk tornado was one of the strongest tornadoes in history, receiving the T11 rating on the TORRO scale and an F5 rating on the Fujita scale. It had winds estimated to be more than . The tornado traveled and reached a maximum width of . Most of the information known about this tornado came from a 77-paragraph study by German scientist Gottlob Burchard Genzmer, which was published one year after the tornado happened. The tornado completely destroyed several structures, and several tree branches were believed to have been thrown into the atmosphere. Many areas were covered with up to of ice. The storm which produced the violent tornado was dry, with almost no rain reported. Large hail, reportedly reaching in diameter covered the ground, caused significant crop and property damage, killed dozens of animals, and injured multiple people in a large stretch around the tornado and to the northwest of the tornado's path.


Float glass

Float glass is a sheet of glass made by melting glass and spreading it on molten metal that has a low melting point, such as tin, or lead. In this way, we get a very flat and evenly thick surface. Making float glass like that, is also known as the Pilkington process. It was given this name, because the glass-making company Pilkington was the first to use this way of making glass in the 1950s, at their factory in St Helens, Merseyside, England.

Modern windows are usually made from float glass. Some types of glass used for screens are also made in the same way as float glass.


United Football League (2024)

The United Football League is an American Football league that was founded (created) in 2023 from the merger of the 2020 XFL and 2022 USFL. The first season was played in 2024.

Four teams came from the XFL and three came from the USFL, while each league's Houston, Texas-based team was merged with its counterpart to create one. The XFL's Roughnecks take the Gamblers' place in the USFL while keeping the Roughnecks brand and Gamblers' player rights and coaching staff.

You're All I Need to Get By

"You're All I Need to Get By" is a 1968 song by Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell from their album "You're All I Need". It went to number 7 in the United States, number 19 in the United Kingdom and number 17 in Canada. It was covered by Johnny Mathis featuring Denice Williams in 1978 for their album "That's What Friends Are For" and went to number 47 in the United States, number 45 in the United Kingdom and number 52 in Canada. It was also covered by Aretha Franklin in 1971 and Tony Orlando & Dawn in 1975.

Arlington Stadium

Arlington Stadium (known as Turnpike Stadium from 1965-1971) was a stadium in Arlington, Texas. From 1972 until 1993, it was a baseball park that was home to the Major League Baseball team called the Texas Rangers. The ballpark was the first home of the Rangers after moving from Washington, D.C. It closed in 1993 after the Rangers moved across the street to Globe Life Park. Arlington Stadium was demolished the same year and is now an empty field.

TikTok Billboard Top 50

The TikTok "Billboard" Top 50 is a chart published by "Billboard magazine every week." It ranks the most popular songs on the social media platform TikTok in the United States based on video views and user engagement.


Geraldine Viswanathan

Geraldine Viswanathan (born 20 June 1995) is an Australian actress.

Description above from the Wikipedia article Geraldine Viswanathan, licensed under CC-BY-SA, full list of contributors on Wikipedia.

All Faiths Chapel

All Faiths Chapel, previously known as Chapel for the Children, is a house of worship available to anyone who practices any faith. All Faiths Chapel is also a historical landmark. 

It is inside the Austin State Supported Living Center (AusSSLC), an assisted living facility for people with developmental or intellectual disabilities, in Austin, Texas. AusSSLC was known at the time of the chapel's construction as the Austin State School.

As of May 9, 2022, it is on the National Register of Historic Places for its importance in architectural, disability, and social history.

The chapel was built to honor a request by Reverend Luther Holloway, who was Austin State School’s chaplain, for a dedicated space for worship.

Organizations such as the Protestant Austin Council of Church Women, the Austin Jewish Community Council, and the Catholic Ladies of Charity, organized a fundraising campaign for the construction of the chapel across the state. More funding came from soldiers who were stationed in Germany. The funds raised eventually totaled over $100,000.

Construction by architect David Calvert Graeber finished around 1961, and Chapel for the Children was dedicated on January 21, 1962.

From 1961 to 1972, Chapel for the Children served as a chapel for students of all faiths who lived in the AusSSLC. It is now an area for spiritual and religious services for residents, family members, employees, and the public.

After David Graeber’s death in 2010, the chapel hosted his memorial service. Family members asked for, in place of flowers, donations to be made in Graeber's name to the maintenance fund for the chapel.

All Faiths Chapel consists of 3 distinct sections: the main chapel, a meditation garden, and a chaplaincy office.


The main chapel consists of a 52-foot tall A-frame with a ceiling lighted by the sky.

Both gable ends feature the stained glass design "Miracle in the Sky" by artist Blossom Burns.

The interior design includes copper light fixtures made by hand and door handles that depict simple abstract style flying birds. The Texas Historical Commission states that these birds "reflect the importance of music and graphic arts in teaching religious concepts to persons with physical and cognitive impairments."


To the north of the main chapel is a fully landscaped exterior courtyard called the "Meditation Garden". There are sidewalks that lead both back to the chapel and to the chaplaincy office.

The primary entrance to the garden has the verse Isaiah 56:7 from the Bible written on it: "MINE HOUSE SHALL BE CALLED AN ["sic"] HOUSE OF PRAYER FOR ALL PEOPLE".

In the northwest corner, there is a tall mature oak tree. In the southeast corner is a large limestone statue, titled "Lazarus," which was donated by David Graeber’s son Larry Graeber in 2015. "Lazarus" is of a man reclining and looking upwards towards the west.


There is a chaplaincy office attached, with five office rooms and one restroom. The office rooms include a sacrament room, office space, a meeting room, and a communal room with a small attached kitchen.

Heartbreak Hotel

"Heartbreak Hotel" is a song by Elvis Presley. It was released on January 27, 1956 and topped the single charts in the United States and made number 2 in the United Kingdom. In 1995 was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame and was covered by numerous artists including Willie Nelson featuring Leon Russell in 1979 and Billy Joel in 1992.

Madison Beer

Madison Elle Beer (born March 5, 1999) is an American singer and songwriter.

In 2018, Beer released "Dead" and "Home with You". Both certified Gold by the RIAA. The next year, Beer signed with Epic Records and released her debut album, "Life Support" in 2021. The album got popular on TikTok and was certified Gold by the RIAA.

Beer's second album, "Silence Between Songs", was released in September 2023. The album has been nominated for ‘Best Immersive Album’ at the Grammy Awards.

Madison Elle Beer was born in Jericho, New York, to a Jewish family on March 5, 1999.


GM Quader

GM Quader (Ghulam Muhammad Quader; Bengali: গোলাম মোহাম্মদ কাদের; birth: February 24, 1948), is a Bangladeshi politician and the current chairperson of Jatiya Party. He represents Lalmonirhat-3 in Jatiya Sangsad and held ministerial positions in Commerce, Civil Aviation, and Tourism from 2009 to 2014.

Burgundians

The Burgundians (; ; ; ) was a tribe or group of tribes of East Germanic or Vandal. They settled in the region which is now Poland during the time of the Roman Empire.

Ivan Martynushkin

Ivan Stepanovich Martynushkin (; born 18 January 1924) is a Russian World War II veteran. He is the last surviving liberator of the Auschwitz concentration camp, after the death of David Dushman in 2021. Martynushkin was born in Ryazan Governorate, then-Soviet Union.


John Curtis (Utah politician)

John Ream Curtis (born May 10, 1960) is an American politician. He is the U.S. representative for Utah's 3rd congressional district since 2017. Curtis, a Republican, was mayor of Provo, Utah, from 2010 to 2017. He is a candidate for the United States Senate in the 2024 Senate election to replace retiring Senator Mitt Romney.

Bukky Leo

Leoford Olubukola Afolabi, known professionally as Bukky Leo, is a British Afrobeat and jazz musician, saxophonist, and lead singer for the band Black Egypt. Born on November 22, 1957, in London, he has made significant contributions to the music scene, drawing inspiration from Afrobeat legends and Tony Allen.

Leo relocated to Nigeria in 1964 at the age of six. At 14, his talent on the saxophone caught the attention of Tony Allen. During the early 1970s, he became a regular attendee at the , residence in Lagos. Leo played with Tony Allen in the Mighty Irokos band.

In 1982, Bukky Leo moved to the United Kingdom, where he met A&R man . In 1988, he released the EP 'Rejoice in Righteousness' on , establishing himself as a pioneer in the scene. Leo has been featured in The Guardian's piece on 'Acid Jazz at 25,' highlighting his influential role in the genre.

Throughout his career, he has collaborated with various bands, including Highlife International, Farenji Warriors, and Bush Men Don't Surf led by . Bukky Leo's discography reflects his diverse musical journey, encompassing Afro Jazz, Acid Jazz, and collaborations with notable artists.
















Lili Zografou

Lili Zografou (; Greek: Λιλή Ζωγράφου; June 17, 1922 – October 2, 1998) was a Greek journalist, novelist, dramatist, essayist, and political activist. She is known for her book "Nikos Kazantzakis: enas traghikos" in which she examined the work of Greek writer Nikos Kazantzakis. This book of hers was published in 1959, three years after Kazantzakis' death.

Zografou supported women's rights. In her books, she wrote about how women lived in the late 20th century Greek society. Her work's main themes are civil liberties, freedom of speech, sexual violence and sexual revolution. 

When Greece lost to the Axis, Zografou joined the Greek Resistance against the Nazis. She was put to prison while pregnant and gave birth inside the jail. Zografou criticised the Greek military junta of 1967-1973. With her book "Epangelma: Porni" ("Occupation: Whore"), she described the dictatorship in her country, in order to show its cruelty. 

A Greek writer and critic of literature, Demosthenis Kourtovik, called Zografou "the dark Goddess Hecate of Greek literature".

Nikos Kazantzakis

Nikos Kazantzakis ( ; 2 March (OS 18 February) 188326 October 1957) was a Greek writer, journalist, politician, poet and philosopher. He is considered by many people to be one of the greatest writers of modern Greek literature. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature in nine different years. He remains the Greek author whose work has been translated in most languages worldwide.

Kazantzakis' works include "Zorba the Greek" (published in 1946 as "Life and Times of Alexis Zorbas"), "Christ Recrucified" (1948) and "The Last Temptation of Christ" (1955). He also wrote theatrical plays, travel books, memoirs, and essays about philosophy. He became famous in the English-speaking world thanks to the movies "Zorba the Greek" (1964) and "The Last Temptation of Christ" (1988), that were based on his books of the same titles.

He also translated a number of famous works into Modern Greek, such as the "Divine Comedy", Thus Spoke Zarathustra and "On the Origin of Species." He wrote Modern Greek editions of Homer's "Iliad" and "Odyssey".


Greek junta

The Greek junta or Regime of the Colonels was a right-wing military dictatorship that controlled Greece from 1967 to 1974. On 21 April 1967, a group of colonels removed the caretaker government a month before elections that Georgios Papandreou and his political party, Centre Union, would probably win.

The dictatorship was anti-communist and it restricted civil liberties. It put many people to jail and tortured them. Many of the dictators' political enemies were sent into exile. 

From 1967 to 1973, the junta's leader was Georgios Papadopoulos. From 1973 to 24 July 1974, Dimitrios Ioannidis was its leader. He lost control of the Greek state after the Turkish invasion of Cyprus. 

When the junta lost, the Metapolitefsi (, meaning "regime change") started. Greece's political system changed to democracy and the Third Hellenic Republic began. It has been said that the junta was very much influenced by the CIA.


Greek resistance

The Greek resistance (, meaning "National Resistance"), was the fight of armed and unarmed groups of many political views, against the Axis powers that had captured Greece. It went from 1941 to 1944, during World War II. The largest group was the communist-influenced EAM-ELAS.

The Greek Resistance is considered to have been one of the strongest resistance movements in Nazi-occupied Europe. Its partisans, were men and women known as andartes and andartisses (, meaning "male and female rebels"). They controlled much of the countryside before the Germans left Greece in the end of 1944.


Atmospheric window

An atmospheric window is a part of the electromagnetic spectrum that can pass through the atmosphere of Earth. The optical, infrared and radio windows are the three basic atmospheric windows. The Sun's electromagnetic energy reaches the Earth through the atmospheric windows. The Earth's thermal radiation leaves its atmosphere through the windows. Atmospheric windows are useful for astronomy, remote sensing, telecommunications and other science and technology applications.

In the study of the greenhouse effect, "atmospheric window" often means the "infrared window", because the infrared window is the main exit for the thermal radiation emitted near the surface of the Earth. In other fields of science and technology, such as radio astronomy and remote sensing, "atmospheric window" is used to describe windows of the whole electromagnetic spectrum.


Okapi Wildlife Reserve

The Okapi Wildlife Reserve () is a wildlife reserve in the Ituri Forest in the northeast of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is near the country's borders with South Sudan and Uganda. It covers roughly one-fifth of the area of the forest. In 1996, the Okapi Wildlife Reserve was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It was listed because of its big population of endangered okapis and its high biodiversity.

Allamah Sayyid Muhibullah Shah Rashdi

Sayyid Muhibullah Shah Rashdi 
(Arabic: السيد محب الله شاه الراشدي صاحب العلم السادس (Sindhi: سيد محب الله شاهه راشدي پير سائين ڇهون جهنڊي وارا ) (Urdu: سید محب اللہ شاہ راشدی پیر آف جھنڈہ ششم) (Born 12 October 1921 – 21 January 1995) also commonly known as the Pir of Jhando The Sixth or Pir Jhandewala, was a spiritual leader and Islamic scholar hailing from Sindh, Known for his contributions to Islamic scholarship, Tafsir, Hadith, Fiqh, history, biographies, asma al-rijal, philosophy, he earned the title "Muhaddith al-Asr" (The Hadith Scholar of the Era) 

Muhibullah Shah Rashdi, born on October 12, 1921, in Pir Jhando, Sindh, Pakistan, was the eldest son of Sayyid Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi. He started his religious education at "Darul Rashad" Madrisah, At the age of 19, he memorized the Quran in two and half months.

After completing the Quran, he started studying Arabic, Persian, and English,
He finished his F.A. and B.A. and later earned an M.A. in Religious Studies from either Karachi or Sindh University He also pursued studies in Arabic. The Shaikh was well-versed in syntax and Arabic grammar, gaining recognition in Tafseer and Hadith, his expertise extended across Islamic sciences, including Fiqh, history, biographies, asma al-rijal, philosophy,

The Shaikh had authored about 57 or even more books in four languages: Arabic, Urdu, and Sindhi and Farsi,

Some of his teachers: 
His father Shaikh Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi,
Shaikh Sanullaah Amritsari 
Shaikh Abdul Haqq Bhawalpuri
Shaikh Muhammad Ibrahim Mir Sialkoti
Shaikh Abu Saeed Sharf ud deen Dehlawi
Shaikh Ataaullaah Haneef Bhojiyani
Shaikh Abdul Wahhaab 
Shaykh Ubaidullah Sindhi 
Shaykh AbdulHaqq Hashmi Makki
Shaykh Abu Sa’eed Sharfudin Dehlwi,

Among his many students were notable individuals such as his younger brother, the Shaikh Badiuddin Shah Rashdi , Shaikh Muhammad Ibrahim A’waan, Shaikh Abdul Ghani bin Shaikh Allaah Baksh Tanasyo, Shaikh Hamdee Abdul Majeed as-Salafi, Shaikh Muhammad Yaqoob, Shaikh Professor Baksh Muhammadee, Shaikh Yaqoob bin Moosaa Jantee, Shaikh Ayoob Mamduh bin Fathe al-Kuwaiti, Shaikh Muhammad Abdullaah, and various other scholars,

The Shaikh's sons, Sayyid Muhammad Yaseen Shah Rashdi, Sayyid Muhammad Rashid Shah Rashdi, and Sayyid Muhammad Qasim Shah Rashdi, continue to spread his teachings, followed in their father's footsteps, 

Muhibullah Shah Rashdi died on 21 January 1995, at Dargah Sharif Pir Jhando 

Incarceration in the United States

Incarceration in the United States is one of the basic ways of punishment for crimes committed in the United States of America. In 2023, more than five million people were being supervised by the criminal justice system. Almost two million people were in state or federal prisons and in local jails. The United States has the largest known population of prisoners in the world. The number of prisoners grew rapidly after the 1970s, but began decreased from 2009 on, having been reduced by 25% by the end of 2021.

Since reaching its peak number of imprisonments in 2009, the U.S. had an average imprisonment rate of 2.3% per year. This rate includes the sudden 14.1% drop in 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The states of Connecticut, New Jersey, and New York have reduced the numbers of prisoners by over 50% since reaching their peak levels. Twenty-five states have also reduced imprisonments by 25% since reaching their peaks. The federal prison population was reduced 27% in relation to its 2011 peak.
1 in 5 people in U.S. prisons had committed crimes related to illegal drugs. More than 3 in 5 people (62%) had committed violent crimes and were being kept in state prisons. 1 in 7 people (14%) kept in state prisons had committed crimes related to property (trespassing, stealing, robbing, etc).

Although debtor's prisons no longer exist in the United States, residents of some U.S. states can still be imprisoned for debt . The Vera Institute of Justice reported in 2015 that the majority of those imprisoned in local and county jails are there for unimportant violations and have been jailed for more time over the past 30 years, because they are unable to pay costs related to the court procedures.

The United States has more prisoners than most developed countries. According to the World Prison Brief, on May 7, 2023, the United States had the sixth highest imprisonment rate in the world, at 531 people per 100,000. Costs related to prison, parole, and probation procedures have a yearly cost of around $81 billion. Court costs, bail bond fees, and prison phone fees added another $38 billion in yearly costs.



Lee Cockburn

Lee Cockburn (born 17 May 1968) is a scottish rugby player, police officer, and writer. She has 77 caps.

She studied at Royal High School. From 2000 to 2016, she served with Police Scotland 

From 1993 to 2006, she played for the Scottish women's national rugby team. She competed at the 1998 Women's Rugby World Cup, and won the 2001 FIRA European Championship.


Ana Paula Lobato

Ana Paula Dias Lobato Nova Alves (born on May 11, 1984) is a Brazilian nurse and politician who has been serving as a senator for the state of Maranhão since 2023.
She had previously been the vice-mayor for the city of Pinheiro. She is affiliated with the Brazilian Socialist Party (PSB). 

Her appointment occurred as a result of Flávio Dino, the elected senator, assuming the position of Minister of Justice and Public Security during Lula's second presidency. Ana Paula became a full senator after being nominated to the Supreme Federal Court.

The Garfield Movie

The Garfield Movie is a upcoming 2024 British-American computer-animated comedy movie directed by Mark Dindal, produced by Columbia Pictures, Alcon Entertainment and animated by DNEG Animation also distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. is a reboot of the previous Garfield movies and the sixth installment. The film is set to be released in May 24, 2024.




Mario Boljat

Mario Boljat (31 August 1951 – 1 January 2024) was a Croatian and Yugoslav professional footballer. He played as a defender or midfielder. He made five appearances for the Yugoslavia national football team between 1977 to 1978.

Boljat died on 1 January 2024, at the age of 72.

Peter Magubane

Peter Sexford Magubane OMSS (18 January 1932 – 1 January 2024) was a South African photographer. He was also an anti-apartheid activist. He was also the personal photographer of President Nelson Mandela.

In 1985, Magubane spent time in hospital recovering from buckshot wounds received when he was caught in police crossfire at a funeral near Johannesburg.

Magubane died on 1 January 2024, 17 days before his 92nd birthday.

Othelino Neto

Othelino Nova Alves Neto (born on July 7, 1975) is a Brazilian politician affiliated with the Communist Party of Brazil (PCdoB). Currently, he has been a state deputy in the state of Maranhão since 2013 and served as the President of the Legislative Assembly of Maranhão.

His wife is Ana Paula Lobato, former vice-mayor of the city of Pinheiro and currently a federal senator from Maranhão.

Alberto Festa

Alberto Augusto Antunes Festa (21 July 1939 – 2 January 2024) was a Portuguese footballer. He played as a right-back. He played for the Portugal national football team, making 19 appearances between 1963 to 1966.

Festa died on 2 January 2024 in Lisbon, Portugal from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 84.

Carmen Valero

Carmen Valero Omedes (4 October 1955 – 2 January 2024) was a Spanish middle-distance runner who represented Spain at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Valero was best known for representing Spain at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. Valero was the only woman in the Spanish track and field squad for the Montreal Games, and became the first female athlete to ever represent the country at the Summer Olympic Games.

Valero won two women's races at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships in 1976 and 1977, while also winning the bronze medal at the same competition in 1975.

In 1980, Valero announced her retirement, after having multiple injuries and her decision to take care of her family. She also did not approve how female athletes were underpaid and mistreated by Spanish sports organizations. However, two years later, she returned.

Valero officially retired from running competitions in 1987. Apart of her two world cross country titles, she also won twenty-five Spanish national titles in cross country. 

She also won multiple titles at the Catalan Championships, seven of which in cross country. She held the Spanish records for the 800, 1500 and 3000 metres, and represented Spain internationally twenty-five times.

Valero died from problems caused by a stroke on 2 January 2024 in Sabadell, Spain at the age of 68.

Kerman bombings

On 3 January 2024, a commemorative ceremony marking the assassination of Qasem Soleimani at his tomb in eastern Kerman, Iran was attacked by two bomb explosions. The attacks killed at least 84 people on the spot and injured 280 others while few others died in hospital. The Iranian government declared the bombings a terrorist attack, making it the deadliest such incident in the country since 1979.

The next day, the Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack.

Bharwad

The Bharwad an Hindu caste found in the state of Gujarat in India. Those of Saurashtra use "Ahir" as a surname, they claimed to be descent from Nandvanshi Ahirs.

The term Bharwad is said to be a modified form of the word badawad, from the Gujarati words bada meaning sheep and wada meaning enclosure. This name was said to be acquired by the Bharwad on the account of their traditional occupation of being shepherds.

The Guardian (Nigeria)

The Guardian is a newspaper, established in 1983, published in Lagos, Nigeria. It is often known as a pioneer in introducing investigative journalism and editorial content to Nigeria.

"The Guardian" was established in 1983 by Alex Ibru and Stanley Macebuh. It has influence from "The Guardian" in the UK. The paper was first published on 22 February 1983 as a weekly, appearing on Sundays. It started publishing every day on 4 July 1983.

Lekki

Lekki is a city in Lagos State, Nigeria. The city is still largely under construction.

One of its neighbourhoods, Lekki phase 1, is known to have some of the most expensive real estate in Lagos State.

Youth-led development

A youth-led development is a project mainly made by young people. Most organizations use the United Nation's definition of youth which is a person between the ages of 15 and 24. 

A youth-led organization focuses on youth-led development and usually has a team made up of young people.


Sarah Kauss

Sarah Kauss is an American businesswoman. She is the founder of S'well.

Kauss was raised in Jupiter, Florida. She received a bachelor's degree in accounting from the University of Colorado Boulder and her MBA from Harvard Business School.

Kauss founded S'well in 2010. "Fortune" included Kauss on its 2014 40 under 40 list. In 2016, Kauss was named number 49 on the Business Insider 100 list, The Creators. She was recognized on "Inc.'s" "Most Impressive Women Entrepreneurs of 2016" list. 

Kauss has been featured in NPR, Inc. Magazine, Entrepreneur magazine, Fortune magazine, CNNMoney, and CNBC, among other outlets. She is a mentor for the U.S. Department of State Global Women's Mentoring Partnership.


Vlach

Vlach is a name used in history by foreign people to refer to speakers of Eastern Romance languages in southeastern Europe. These speakers are the Romanians, Aromanians, Megleno-Romanians and Istro-Romanians. The Megleno-Romanians have adopted this foreign name to refer to themselves.

Kangra district

Kangra is a district of Indian state of Himachal Pradesh. Dharamshala is the administrative headquarters of the district. It is the most populous district of Himachal Pradesh.

Brazilian Socialist Party

The Brazilian Socialist Party (, PSB) is a political party in Brazil. It was founded in 1947, before being abolished by the military regime in 1965 and re-organised in 1989 after the re-democratisation of Brazil. 

Bernard Ducuing

Bernard Ducuing (19 May 1950 – 3 January 2024) was a French footballer who played as a midfielder and a forward. He played for many teams throughout his career including Red Star, Reims, and Montpellier.

In total, Ducuing played 199 matches in Division 1 and 197 matches in Division 2.

He died on 3 January 2024, at the age of 73.

Ashley Monroe

Ashley Lauren Monroe (born September 10, 1986) is an American country music singer-songwriter.


Philautus garo

The Garo Hills bubble-nest frog, Garo Hills bush frog, or Garo Hills shrub frog ("Philautus garo") is a frog. It lives in India, in the Garo Hills. People have seen it between 90 and 500 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is about 13 mm long from nose to rear end. There is no webbed skin on the front feet. There is some webbed skin on the back feet. There are disks on the toes for climbing. The disks on the toes are almost as big as the eardrum on the side of the frog's head. The skin of the frog's back is gray with a dark brown mark between the eyes. The mark is in the shape of an hourglass.

Emilia Mernes

Emilia Mernes , is an Argentine singer-songwriter, model, and actress. She gained popularity as the lead vocalist of the Uruguayan cumbia pop band Rombai before starting her solo career.



Death to America

Death to America (Arabic: الموت لأمريكا) is a anti-American slogan. The slogan is most commonly used in Afghanistan, Lebanon, Yemen, Iraq, Pakistan, Iran, and Palestine. The slogan was created by Iran out of anger to the U.S. government and Iranian officials have cleared up that they do not want to kill normal citizens of America. 

Foreign accent syndrome

Foreign accent syndrome is a medical syndrome in which people develop speech patterns that are thought of as a foreign accent that is different from their native accent, without having acquired it in the perceived accent's place of origin.

Foreign accent syndrome usually results from a stroke, but can also develop from head trauma, migraines or developmental problems. The syndrome might come due to lesions in the speech production part of the brain, or may also be considered a neuropsychiatric condition. The condition was first known in 1907, and between 1941 and 2009 there were 62 recorded people known to have this syndome..

Rossella Erra

Rossella Erra (born in Portici 19 June 1974) is an Italian tax advisor and TV personality. 

She diplomed at "University of Naples Federico II" in Economy, and in the last years she became TV personality in several TV serials.



2024 elections in India

The 2024 elections in India includes the general election, Elections to the Rajya Sabha, to state legislative assemblies and to Panchayats.


2024 Indian general election

The next general election in India is scheduled to be held on or before May 2024 to elect 543 members for the 18th Lok Sabha. The current Prime Minister of India is Narendra Modi of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) will announce the schedule for the 18th Lok Sabha elections. The tenure of the current 17th Lok Sabha's time will finish on 16 June 2024.

List of programs broadcast by Sprout

This is a list of programs that currently air and formerly aired on Universal Kids and under its former branding as Sprout.


The programming blocks below were all shown under the "Sprout" banner.

Ghore Ghore Zee Bangla

Ghore Ghore Zee Bangla (English: "House to House Zee Bangla") is a Bengali television family game show started in 2023. The show telecast on Zee Bangla six days in a week and also available on ZEE5 digitally.



Sikh Empire

The Sikh Empire was an empire in the Punjab region of Pakistan, and also covered some areas of India and Tibet. It lasted from 1799, when Maharaja Ranjit Singh captured Lahore, until 1849, when the British East India Company defeated it in the Second Anglo-Sikh War. The empire stretched from Gilgit and Tibet in the north to the deserts of Sindh in the south and from the Khyber Pass in the west to the Sutlej in the east. 

The empire was divided into four provinces; Lahore, Multan, Peshawar, and Kashmir and had a diverse population of around 4.5 million in 1831, with Muslims being the majority at 70% and Sikhs at 6%. The British Empire annexed it, marking the end of Sikh rule in the Indo-Pak subcontinent.

The empire's origins trace back to the capture of Lahore from Zaman Shah Durrani, and Ranjit Singh became Maharaja in 1801. Expelling Afghans and unifying Sikh misls, he modernized the army with advanced training and weaponry. However, after his death, internal divisions and political mismanagement weakened the empire. The British East India Company took advantage, and in 1849, the Sikh Empire fell after losing the Second Anglo-Sikh War.

The Sikh Empire officially started in 1801 when the Misls united to form a single state. The leaders of the Misls, linked to the army, were usually from noble families with a long history in Sikh and Muslim traditions.

The empire covered the Punjab region to the west, Khyber Pass, Kashmir in the north, Sindh in the south, and Tibet in the east. In 1799, Ranjit Singh moved the capital from Gujranwala to Lahore, previously established by his grandfather in 1763. Ranjit Singh annexed the Sial State in 1807 after invading Jhang, citing a conspiracy between the local ruler and Nawab Muzaffar Khan of Multan.

Hari Singh Nalwa served as the Commander-in-Chief of the Sikh Khalsa Army from 1825 to 1837. He played a key role in conquering various regions and securing the Koh-i-Noor diamond. Nalwa expanded the empire's frontier to the Indus River, and at the time of his death, the western boundary was the Khyber Pass.

The empire was divided into various provinces (known as "Subas"), them namely being:

Yastreb

Yastreb can be




Mian Tahir Pervaz

Mian Tahir Pervaz (born 4 June 1979) is a Pakistani politician who was a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, from May 2013 to May 2018 and 15 August 2018 to 13 January 2020. He is the son of Pakistani Businessman Riaz Ahmed Zulfiqar, he is from his 3rd mother.

• Sexual intercourse

• Politics of Pakistan

• Rape

He was born on 4 June 1979 in Faisalabad.

He went to Government College University.

He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab for the Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz) in the 2013 Pakistani general election. He was a representative for Constituency PP-69 (Faisalabad-XIX).

Intangible cultural heritage

An intangible cultural heritage (ICH) is something that is considered by UNESCO to be part of a place's cultural heritage. Buildings, historic places, monuments, and artifacts are cultural property, not intangible heritage. Intangible heritage is things like folklore, customs, beliefs, traditions, knowledge, and language.

Intangible cultural heritage is considered by member states of UNESCO to be like the tangible World Heritage but focusing on intangible parts of culture. In 2001, UNESCO made a survey among countries and NGOs to try to agree on a definition, and the Convention for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage was drafted in 2003 for its protection and promotion.

Shenzhou 17

"Shenzhou 17" is a Chinese spaceflight to the Tiangong space station, launched on 26 October 2023. It carries three (astronauts or) taikonauts from the People's Liberation Army Astronaut Corps. The spacecraft is a Shenzhou spacecraft. The mission is the twelfth crewed Chinese spaceflight and the seventeenth flight overall of the Shenzhou program.

Disraeli Gears

Disraeli Gears is the second studio album by Cream. Cream were a British rock band. The band released the album in November 1967. "Disraeli Gears" was number five on the UK Albums Chart. It was also number one on Swedish, Finnish, and Australian music charts. It was the number one album in the United States in 1968. The album had two singles. These were "Strange Brew" and "Sunshine of Your Love". In 1999, the album was put in the Grammy Hall of Fame.

Creed II

Creed II is a 2018 boxing movie.

LADbible Group

LADbible Group, part of LBG Media, is a British digital publisher. Its headquarters is in Manchester and it has offices in London, Dublin, Sydney, Melbourne and Auckland.

Founded in 2012 by Alexander "Solly" Solomou and Arian Kalantari, LADbible Group produces digital content aimed at young adults It reaches two-thirds of 18–34-year-olds in the UK.

LADbible Group's media brands have an audience approaching a billion, with 262 million followers worldwide across the major social media platforms and its five websites attract almost 69 million unique visitors every month.<ref name="Woods https://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2021/12/12/ladbible-aims-beat-buzzfeed-viral-media-battle"></ref> Its brands include LADbible, UNILAD, GAMINGbible, SPORTbible and Tyla, among many others. They get more than 28 billion content views globally every year.

Philautus amoenus

The Kamboranga bubble-nest frog or Kamboranga bush frog ("Philautus amoenus") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia on Mount Kinabalu, between 900 and 3000 m above sea level.

Siraiki (Sindhi dialect)

Siraiki also called Ubheji, Siroli, Sireli is a dialect of Sindhi language. Spoken by some Sindhi people of Sindh. Siraiki word is derived from two Sindhi words one "Siro/Sero" meaning name for region (Sauvira) in ancient Sindh, and "Ki" meaning of/Belonging to. other names also have the same meaning. The people of Siro region are called Sirai/Serai.

Wild Mood Swings

Wild Mood Swings is the tenth studio album by English gothic rock band The Cure. It was released on 6 May, 1996 through Fiction Records and went to number 9 in the United Kingdom and Switzerland, number 12 in the United States and Austria, number 10 in New Zealand and number 5 in Sweden. It received mixed reviews and was seen as a disappointment from their previous two albums.

All songs by Bamonte, Cooper, Gallup, O'Donnell and Smith.

House of the Tiles

The House of the Tiles is a large Early Bronze Age building with two stories located at Lerna in southern Greece. It is known for its advanced architecture, especially its roof covered by baked tiles giving the building its name. The building is a type of house called a "corridor house".

The House of the Tiles was discovered during excavations made in the early 1950s by the American School of Classical Studies led by John Langdon Caskey of the University of Cincinnati.

The building dates back to 2500–2300 BCE and is either the dwelling of a high member of the community, an early palace, or an administrative center. It may also have been a communal structure meaning the property of all the townspeople. The building's function remains unknown. The house had a stairway leading to a second story and was protected by a tiled roof. The building also had areas for storage. Debris found at the site of the building had many terracotta tiles that fell from the roof. Such roofs were also found in the Early Bronze Age site of Akovitika, as well as in the Mycenaean towns of Gla and Midea. But roofs with baked tiles only became common in Greek architecture in the 7th century BC. The walls of the House of the Tiles were made with bricks on stone.

Carbon-14 dating shows that the House of the Tiles was destroyed by fire in the 22nd century BC. Not long after the destruction, the place was cleared in a way as to leave a low tumulus over the site. The cause of the destruction was first attributed by John Langdon Caskey to an invasion of Greeks and/or Indo-Europeans during the Early Bronze Age. But the complexity of the tumulus built over the house's ruins by Bronze Age people shows instead a "showing of respect for their predecessors that one would not expect of invaders of a different culture."


Timini Egbuson

Timini Egbuson (born 10 June 1987) is a Nigerian actor and media personality. He won the 2020 Africa Magic Viewers' Choice Awards Best Actor in a Drama.
In 2017, he was nominated for the Best New Actor of the Year during the City People Entertainment Awards and Male Revelation of the Year at Best of Nollywood Awards. In 2019, he won the Prize for Acting at The Future Awards Africa and AMVCA awards' Best Actor in a Drama (Movie/TV series).

Ruby Barnhill

Barnhill was born on 16 July 2004 in Knutsford, Cheshire, England. She lives with her parents and younger sister in Cheshire, and she is a member of the local youth theatre.

Wayne Sermon

Wayne Sermon is an musician, and songwriter from the United States. He is the highest of all of the guitar players in the band Imagine Dragons. Sermon was born the 15th of June 1984 in the county American Fork in the state of Utah. He was born in a devout non trinitarian christian family and was a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but left due to unknown reasons.

Ludo

Ludo is a board game for two to four players. In the game, the players race their four tokens from start to finish according to the rolls of a single dice. Like other cross and circle games, Ludo is taken from the Indian game Pachisi. The game and its versions are popular in many countries and under different names.

TRT Haber

TRT Haber (English: TRT News) is a Turkish news and current affairs television channel. It was established by TRT on 18 March, 2010.

It became Turkey's most watched news channel between 2018 and November 2020.

Taylor rule

The Taylor rule is a monetary policy for how central banks manage money. It was made by economist John B. Taylor in 1992. The idea is to control the economy by adjusting short-term interest rates. The rule looks at the federal funds rate, price level, and changes in real income. It figures out the best federal funds rate based on the gap between the desired inflation rate and the actual inflation rate, plus the gap between actual and natural output level. When inflation is higher than the target, the Taylor rule suggests a higher interest rate. 

In the United States, the Federal Open Market Committee manages money policy, aiming for a 2% average inflation rate. The Taylor rule is different from discretionary policy, which depends on personal views of monetary policy authorities and has fewer factors considered.

Made in Japan (Buck Owens song)

"Made in Japan" is a 1972 song by Buck Owens and was taken from his studio album "In the Palm of Your Hand". It was his last number one country single in the United States and Canada and number 17 in Australia.

If You Leave (song)

"If You Leave" is a 1986 song by British band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark and was taken from the 1986 movie "Pretty in Pink". It went to the top 5 in the United States, New Zealand and Canada, number 48 in the United Kingdom and number 15 in Australia.






Progymnosperm

Progymnosperms are ancient plants that don't exist anymore. They were like woody plants with spores and probably came from trimerophytes. Later, they led to the development of gymnosperms, which are the ancestors of acrogymnosperms and angiosperms (flowering plants). People sometimes call them Progymnospermophyta or Progymnospermopsida.


My Father's Eyes (song)

"My Father's Eyes" is a 1998 song by Eric Clapton and is the leading single from his 13th studio album "Pilgrim". It went to number 33 in the United Kingdom, number 72 in the Netherlands, number 12 in Iceland, number 41 in Scotland, number 2 in Canada and number 2 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart. It won a Grammy Award in 1999.


TheCable

TheCable is an independent news source in Lagos, Nigeria. It was founded by Simon Kolawole in 2014 and published by The Cable Newspaper Ltd established on 2011.
In 2023, TheCable launched an app to aid people with defect read news.


Streets of Bakersfield

"Streets of Bakersfield" is a 1973 song written by Homer Joy and popularized in 1988 by Buck Owens featuring Dwight Yoakam. It went to number 1 on the country single charts in the United States and Canada. It is the leading single from Yoakam's third studio album "Buenas Noches from a Lonely Room".

Kayode Kasum

Kayode Kasum (born 2 February 1992) is a Nigerian director and movie producer who has been nominated as the Director of the Year at 2018 Best of Nollywood Awards and 2020 Best of Nollywood Awards. Kasum has worked on projects such as "Sugar Rush," "This Lady Called Life" (2020), " Far From Home" (2022), "Kambili – The Whole 30 yards" (2020), "Castle and Castle S2" (2019), "Soole" (2021), "Obara’M" (2022), "Áfàméfùnà – An Nwa Boi Story" (2023).

Obara’M, one of the movies he directed was announced as the opening film of the 10th edition of the NollywoodWeek Film Festival at Cinema l’Arlequin, Paris. He was among the 2021 awardees of The Future Awards Africa as the movie director.

Mercy Johnson

Mercy Johnson Okojie (born 28 August 1984) is a Nigerian actress and movie producer.
Mercy was born on 28 August 1984. She went to Rivers State Secondary School and Nigerian Navy Secondary School in Port Harcourt for her secondary education.

She made her debut, "The Maid." She has also appeared on movies including "Hustlers", Baby Oku in America", "War in the Palace." She is also an ambassador of "Tiger Foods Limited."


Blackout Ripper (Brainbombs single)

Blackout Ripper is a single released by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs. The single was released by Skrammel Records in 2023. It was the first 7" the band has released in around 15 years. The album art includes a picture of Gordon Cummins on the cover, who was also called the Blackout Ripper.

Valerian Okeke

Valerian Maduka Okeke (born 20 October 1953) is a Nigerian prelate serving as the current Archbishop of the Catholic Archdiocese of Onitsha. He is also the metropolitan of Onitsha Ecclesiastical Province.



History of psychiatry

The history of psychiatry began in India with the Charaka Samhita which was a book in Sanskrit about medicine. It talks about treating Madness. In Ancient Greece, people normally thought Madness was caused by being cursed by one of the gods, usually Dionysus, or was happening because someone was making a prophecy. But then Democritus and Hippocrates said Madness was caused by physical disease. Democritus experimented on animals to figure out how that worked.

There were still people in Ancient Rome and in the Dark Ages who believed Madness was caused by Demonic possession and could be cured by excorcism.

In Iraq, in the 9th Century, people started to build hospitals called bimaristans which had rooms for people who were violent and insane.

In the 13th Century, people in Christian Europe started to build hospitals for mad people called lunatic asylums but they were used mainly to keep them inside instead of trying to cure them.

In 1621, a man named Robert Burton wrote a book about Madness called The Anatomy of Melancholy. Burton said that knowing how the human mind works was the most important thing there was.

In 1758, William Battie wrote a book called Treatise on Madness. He said Madness was caused by physical problems with the Brain and the rest of the Body. He criticized a British hospital called Bedlam for treating mad people badly. In 1789, George III went mad and people in Great Britain started to say that Madness was a disease to be cured. A Quaker named William Tuke said that Insane Asylums were doing a bad job and that they should use therapy instead. Philippe Pinel made the same arguments as Tuke did in France.

In 1808, a German doctor named Johann Christian Reil started to use the word Psychiatry to mean using Medicine and Therapy to treat Madness. Then Karl Ludwig Kahlbaum and Emil Kraepelin started to say that there were different kinds of Madness called Mental Disorders and tried to explain and name different Mental Illnesses.

Some Psychiatrists started to think that Sigmund Freud was right about Psychoanalysis and started to use it. Freud’s ideas got a lot less popular with psychiatrists by the 1970s.

Michel Foucault in his book Madness and Civilization criticizes Psychiatry and says that it’s using science as an excuse to punish people for being different. Thomas Szasz in his book The Myth of Mental Illness, criticizes Psychiatry and says that the concept of Mental illness is only a metaphor and not something that scientifically exists.

Presidential Commission on the Status of Women

The President's Commission on the Status of Women (PCSW) was established to advise the president of the United States on issues concerning the status of women. It was created by President John F. Kennedy and was signed into law on December 14, 1961. In 1975 it became the National Association of Commissions for Women.

Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Onitsha

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Onitsha () was established on 18th April, 1950.

Leadership: Valerian Okeke, Archbishop of Onitsha.

It houses the [Archbishop]] who lives in the Basilica of the Most Holy Trinity, Onitsha, the only basilica of Roman Catholicism in Nigeria.
Powerschool

PowerSchool (NYSE: PWSC) is the leading provider of cloud-based software for K-12 education in North America.

Its mission is to power the education ecosystem with unified technology that helps educators and students realize their full potential, in their way.
PowerSchool connects students, teachers, administrators, and parents, with the shared goal of improving student outcomes. From the office to the classroom to the home, it helps schools and districts efficiently manage state reporting and related compliance, special education, finance, human resources, talent, registration, attendance, funding, learning, instruction, grading, assessments and analytics in one unified platform.

Dominic Ekandem

Dominic Ignatius Ekandem (1917 – 24 November, 1995) was a Nigerian Catholic cardinal who served as Archbishop of Abuja from 1989 to 1992. He was the first West African Cardinal from Africa. He was the founder of Missionary Society of Saint Paul, Nigeria.

The Dominic Cardinal Ignatius Ekandem Villa which houses the Gaudium et Spe Institute in Asokoro, Abuja.

United Nations Commission on Human Rights

The United Nations Commission on Human Rights (UNCHR) was a human rights commission the United Nations from 1946 until it was replaced by the United Nations Human Rights Council in 2006. It's purpose was to promote the protection of human rights.

On March 15, 2006, the UN General Assembly voted to replace UNCHR with the UN Human Rights Council.

Baby Keem

Hykeem Jamaal Carter Jr. (born October 22, 2000), his stage name being Baby Keem, is an American rapper and record producer. He was raised in Las Vegas, and was noticed in the late 2010s with his help to "", "Redemption", "Crash Talk", and "". He was first noticed in 2019 through his sleeper hit single "Orange Soda".

After he signed a deal with PGLang and Columbia Records in 2020, he released his first studio album "The Melodic Blue" (2021), which was very successful. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and its final single, "Family Ties", won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance. His help with Kanye West on "Donda" (2021) and his cousin Kendrick Lamar on "Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers" (2022) earned him two chances for the Grammy Award for Album of the Year.
Hykeem Jamaal Carter Jr. was born on October 22, 2000, in Carson, California. His mother had problems with drug abuse and alcoholism, while his father, Hykeem Carter Sr., was not in his life. Carter was raised in Las Vegas, Nevada by his grandmother until he was eight years old, and he thinks of her to be his second mother. A lot of his childhood was spent in music studios as he watched his aunts and uncles put music onto CDs using LimeWire. He also had problems with eviction and needed food stamps.

Carter was raised around a musically skilled family, where all of his uncles and cousins were rappers. His older cousins include rapper Kendrick Lamar and basketball player Nick Young. He may also share some relatives with rapper Tanna Leone. He was always interested in rapping, but was not confident with his high-pitched voice and chose to wait until it was developed. When he was thirteen, Carter began producing music using Apple software on his computer. At fifteen, he borrowed $300 from his grandmother and bought a small recording setup for his bedroom on Craigslist. He soon moved to Los Angeles to go into a musical job. Carter disliked his "boring", "dry", and "small" hometown where "everybody knows everybody", and gave credit to its old music scene as a big factor in his decision to move. He used to post and livestream "Minecraft" and "FIFA" gameplay on YouTube and Twitch.

Carter made his first song, "Come Thru", during his freshman year of high school. It was removed from the Internet and he hopes "nobody will ever find it." His first extended play (EP), "Oct", was independently released under his real name on November 7, 2017, but was removed from major streaming services a bit after its release. "RapTV" said that the 9-track EP showed traces of Carter's future musical style by "featuring a mix of bouncy, hard beats and slower, emotional cuts." He released his second EP, "Midnight", on January 16, 2018. It showed the same production as "Oct", but "RapTV" said that Carter's lines were "more confident and loud." In an interview with "Complex", he said that "Midnight" did not have any big artistic way, and described the project as "just nine songs in my stash that I liked and put out."

After he emailed a sample of his production to an independent record label, called Top Dawg Entertainment, Carter helped the soundtrack album for the superhero film "Black Panther" (2018) as a producer. During the summer, he released two EPs, "No Name" and "Hearts and Darts", and produced two songs on Jay Rock's third album "Redemption". He considers "Hearts and Darts", which was his first project under his stage name Baby Keem, to have the style that "Midnight" did not have. In October 2018, he released his first mixtape, "The Sound of Bad Habit", through the Orchard and Sony Music. The mixtape was produced by Cardo.
Keem produced two songs on Schoolboy Q's fifth album, "Crash Talk" (2019). On July 19, 2019, he produced a song for singer Beyoncé's soundtrack album "" and released his second mixtape, "Die for My Bitch". The alternative hip hop mixtape had strong pop-punk and alternative rock pieces, and was given big news attention. Its lead single, "Orange Soda", became a sleeper hit and helped Keem make his first songs on the "Billboard" 200, "Billboard" Hot 100 and Emerging Artists charts. He helped the mixtape with his first concert tour, the Die for My Bitch Tour, which visited some places across the U.S. from November 12 to November 20, 2019.

Keem's partnership with creative services company pgLang, founded by Kendrick Lamar and filmmaker Dave Free, was announced through his appearance in the company's visual mission statement on March 5, 2020. He was included on "XXL"s yearly Freshman Class list in August. After signing a recording contract with Columbia Records, Keem released the single album "Hooligan / Sons & Critics" on September 18, 2020; with Sons & Critics confirming his relation to Lamar after rumors began to emerge.
Keem was put on Kanye West's song "Praise God" with Travis Scott for Kanye's tenth album, "Donda" (2021). "The Melodic Blue", his first studio album, was released on September 10, 2021. He co-produced 14 of the album's 16 standard songs. It was given positive reviews from music critics, with praise towards its bold nature and Keem's growing potential, but criticism towards its "half-baked" production. The album started at number five on the "Billboard" 200, becoming Keem's first top-10 album in the U.S. Two of the album's four singles, "Durag Activity" with Travis Scott and "Family Ties" with Kendrick Lamar, had good success. Keem went on the Melodic Blue Tour, which visited cities in North America and Europe from November 2021 to July 2022, and appeared on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" to help sell "The Melodic Blue". A B-side to the album was released on September 22, 2021, while the deluxe edition was released on October 28, 2022.

One of Keem's favorite artists and big musical inspirations is Kid Cudi. He was very inspired by his changes of his voice and emotional connection, mostly on the single "Immortal" (2013). As a child, Keem remembered listening to Kanye West's "808s & Heartbreak" (2008) during a snow day in Las Vegas and being inspired by the album's cinematic quality. He has said that he will "never say anything ill (bad)" about West, and gives him credit for consistently changing music genre boundaries. Keem self-identifies as part of the Mike Will Made It and Metro Boomin generation of record producers, and has inspiration from both artists.

Film
Headlining
Supporting

Legislature of the Marshall Islands

The Legislature of the Marshall Islands has 33 members, elected for a four-year term in nineteen single-seat and five multi-seat constituencies. 

Palace of Fine Arts

Palace of Fine Arts can be

Daniel Revenu

Daniel Revenu (5 December 1942 – 2 January 2024) was a French fencer and Olympic champion.

Revenu received a gold medal in "foil team" at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. He participated and received medals at the 1964, 1968, 1972 and 1976 summer Olympics.

Revenu died on 2 January 2024, at the age of 81.

Rosie Reyes

Rosa María Reyes Darmon ("née" Reyes; 23 March 1939 – 4 January 2024) was a Mexican tennis player. She was active in the 1950s and 1960s. She was born in Mexico City. Reyes competed in the women's doubles event at 1968 Summer Olympics. She won a gold and silver medal at the event.

Reyes died from a lung disease at her home in Mexico City, on 4 January 2024, at the age of 84.

Ayla Algan

Ayla Algan (; 29 October 1937 – 4 January 2024) was a Turkish actress and singer. She was born in Istanbul, Turkey. Her career began in 1960. She was known for her roles in "The House of Leyla", "O Hayat Benim" and "Binbir Gece".

Algan died on 4 January 2024 in Istanbul at the age of 86.

Kishin Shinoyama

Shinoyama died on January 4, 2024 in Tokyo, Japan at the age of 83.

Christian Oliver

Christian Oliver (3 March 1972 – 4 January 2024) was a German actor. He was born in Celle, Lower Saxony.

Oliver had both movie and television roles. He appeared in "Speed Racer", "The Baby-Sitters Club", "The Good German", "", "Valkyrie", "Sense8", "Hunters" and "Timeless".

In 2010, he married Jessica Mazur. They divorced in 2021. They had two daughters. 

Oliver and his two daughters were killed in a plane crash on 4 January 2024 off the coast of Bequia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.


Shahbaz Bukhari

Syed Shahbaz Ghous Bukhari (Urdu: سید شہباز غوث بخاری; born June 22, 1986) also known as Shahbaz Bukhari is a Pakistani politician and Philanthropist. He is the former candidate of National Assembly of Pakistan.

Popular Mobilization Forces

The Popular Mobilization Forces (Arabic: پێشمەرگە فۆرسەکان), is an Iraqi sponsored milltia with 67 different factions with Sunni Muslim, Shia Muslim, Christian, and Yazidi groups. The goal of the group was to fight the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and has fought in every battle with the group. The group (mainly the Shia faction) are claimed to have been linked to the Islamic Republic of Iran.


Firehouse Subs

Firehouse Subs is an American restaurant chain based in Jacksonville, Florida. It was founded in 1994 by former firefighter brothers Chris and Robin Sorensen. In December 2021, the chain was acquired by Restaurant Brands International.

Fazoli's

Fazoli's is an American fast casual restaurant chain headquartered in Lexington, Kentucky. It was founded in 1988. It is owned by FAT Brands.

Sheetal Thakur

Sheetal Thakur Massey is an actress from India. She mainly acts in Hindi movies and shows on the internet. She started her acting career with a Punjabi movie called Bambukat in 2016. She got nominated for the Best Supporting Actress award at the Filmfare Awards Punjabi for that. In 2018, she acted in her first Hindi film, "Brij Mohan Amar Rahe". Thakur is famous for her roles in the movies "Chappad Phaad Ke" and "Shukranu", as well as the web series "Broken But Beautiful".

Ingles

Ingles is an American supermarket chain. It is headquartered in Black Mountain, North Carolina. It has 198 supermarkets in the Southeastern United States.

Stumbling on Happiness

Stumbling on Happiness is a nonfiction book by Daniel Gilbert. It came out in 2006 in the United States and Canada. It is a bestseller in the New York Times. They also translated it into more than thirty languages.

Gilbert's main idea is that people are not good at imagining the future and what will make them happy. He says this happens because of how they see things and their thinking habits. According to him, there are three ways the imagination does not work well:


Gilbert also talks about 'filling in,' which means the mind often uses patterns to connect events we remember with other events we think should be part of the expected experience. This 'filling in' is something our eyes and optic nerves do too, like when they replace the blind spot in our vision with what our mind thinks should be there.

The book is made for regular people, and it tries not to use complicated words. Instead, it explains everyday mistakes in thinking by using simple experiments that take advantage of those mistakes.

Land O'Lakes

Land O'Lakes is an American member-owned agricultural cooperative. It is based in the Minneapolis-St. Paul suburb of Arden Hills, Minnesota, United States. It was founded on July 8, 1921. Every year it handles 12 billion pounds of milk. It is one of the largest producers of butter, cheese and dairy products in the United States.

Kenneth Noland

Kenneth Noland (April 10, 1924 – January 5, 2010) was an American abstract painter.

He was first an expressionist abstract painter, in the 1950s, and after, a minimalist painter, in the 1960s. He became one of the best-known American painters in the abstract style of color field. He helped in the creation of the the Washington Color School movement.

Philautus kempiae

The Tura bubble-nest frog, Kemp's bush frog, or the Tura shrub frog ("Philautus kempiae") is a type of frog. It lives in India, in the Garo Hills.

This frog is about 17 mm long from nose to rear end. There is webbed skin on the back feet but not on the front feet. There are large disks on the toes for climbing. There is a black mark between the eyes and another on the back. The belly is white with brown marks. This frog has a round nose.

Balebreviceps hillmani

The Bale Mountains tree frog, Bale rain frog, or Ethiopian short-headed frog ("Balebreviceps hillmani") is a frog. It lives in Ethiopia. Scientists have seen it 3200 meters above sea level in Harenna Forest in the Bale Mountains.

The adult male frog is about 36-39 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog 45-53 mm. It has a small head and eyes for a frog. Its eardrums are hard to see. The skin of the frog's back is thick and bumpy but the skin of the belly is thin and smooth. The skin of the frog's back is dark in color, purple or brown, with light yellow stripes on each side. There are also light marks on the sides of the head all the way to the nose. The back legs are also light in color, with some orange. The bottoms of the feet are light gray or peach in color. The belly is yellow in color, but it can be gray.

When scientists first wrote about this frog in 1986, there were many, but people built a highway into the place where they live in 1983. Since then, humans had built towns and farms and places for animals to eat grass. Humans have cut down trees in the forests to get wood to build with. All this change has been bad for the frog. It is now very close to dying out. Scientists are not sure, but they think the chytrid fungus might be making this frog sick.

Autonomous Republic of Crimea

Crimea, a independent area, is named the Autonomous Republic of Crimea. Ukraine used to own it. The republic is viewed globally as an unlawfully taken part of Ukraine by Russia. Crimea was a part of Russia until 1954. Then, they gave it to Ukraine as a gift. But in 2014, Russia wanted Crimea back from Ukraine. Ukraine refused to give back Crimea so Russia took Crimea back forcefully. <mapframe latitude="45.096791" longitude="34.343262" zoom="2" width="200" height="100" />Crimea's Population is 2,416,856 (2021) and Density is 219.1/sq mi.

Crimea's Size is 10,425 sq mi.

Crimea's Nominal GDP is $7 Billion and GDP Per Capita is $300.

Crimea's Main Language is Crimean (Short for Crimean Tatar). Other Languages Include Russian, and Ukrainian.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autonomous_subdivisions_of_Russia

Ghosh (caste)

Ghosh or Ghosha is a Yadav clan from India

The term Ghosh/Ghosha has been derived from the Sanskrit root Ghush which means to shout, is also an indicative of the profession of a herds-man as he shouts while herding the cattle. In ancient Indian literature, the cowherds have been attributed with different appellations ike the Gopas, Ghosha,Yadavs and the Abhiras(Ahir). These ancient appellations have their modern counterparts viz. Guala, Ghosi and Ahir.

Cabinet of curiosities

Cabinets of curiosities, also known as wonder-rooms, were collections of various objects in Renaissance Europe. These collections, emerging in the 16th century, had no strict categories, encompassing natural history, geology, art, and more. They were significant before modern museums, showcasing the interests of their owners.

The term "cabinet" initially referred to a room, not furniture. Objects in these cabinets ranged from natural specimens to artworks. Besides rulers' and aristocrats' collections, even the merchant class and early scientists formed similar collections, acting as precursors to museums. These cabinets served to reflect the curator's interests and establish social status. Two main types existed: princely cabinets for representation and aesthetic appeal, and more modest collections for practical and scientific purposes.

They also functioned as entertainment, illustrated by the Royal Society's early meetings. Although educational, these exhibitions aimed at combining learning with entertainment.

The earliest known natural history cabinet is depicted in Ferrante Imperato's Dell'Historia Naturale (Naples 1599). It showcased preserved fishes, stuffed mammals, shells, and more.

Notable cabinets belonged to Ole Worm and Athanasius Kircher. These cabinets contained preserved animals, minerals, and mythical creatures. Worm's catalog, Museum Wormianum (1655), contributed to science.

In the 18th century, Belsazar Hacquet's natural history cabinet gained fame. "Green Vaults" in Dresden displayed Augustus the Strong's wonders. The "Enlightenment Gallery" at the British Museum aimed to recreate the diversity of mid-18th-century museums.

In the U.S., Thomas Dent Mutter's collection focused on medical oddities. P. T. Barnum's American Museum and the Hobby Club in New York continued the tradition of showcasing curiosities.

By the early 18th century, curiosities began losing influence as Enlightenment thinkers emphasized nature's patterns. Curiosities were seen as exceptions, not divine messages, and were less studied.

Sailing on the Seven Seas

"Sailing on the Seven Seas" is a 1991 song by British band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark and is the leading single from their eighth studio album "Sugar Tax". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, Sweden and Austria, number 77 in Australia, number 9 in Germany and number 5 in Ireland and was covered by German band Fools Garden in 2015.

7-inch and cassette single

12-inch single

CD single

Special-edition CD single

Kingdome

King County Stadium (known better as the Kingdome) was a multi-use stadium located in Seattle, Washington. The arena used to serve as the home for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL), the Seattle Sounders of the North American Soccer League (NASL), the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball (MLB), and the Seattle SuperSonics of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

The Seattle Pilots of Major League Baseball (MLB) began playing in 1969 at Sick's Stadium. MLB did not think that Sick's Stadium was a proper stadium for a major-league team and when they gave them the team, they said that the team must build a new stadium by 1970. The arena was approved by King Country voters with $40 million in bonds and 62% voting in favor on February 13, 1968. The Pilots would not be able to survive until the stadium was built. They were forced to declare bankruptcy and were moved to Milwaukee to become the Milwaukee Brewers.

They first started to build the stadium in November 2, 1972. The groundbreaking ceremony was met with protestors who threw mud at people. They were angry that the stadium was being built near the International District. The city of Seattle was awarded a professional football team by the National Football League (NFL) on December 5, 1974. The team would go to be named the Seattle Seahawks. The arena was opened on March 27, 1976 and the opening ceremony had an attendance of 54,000 people.

The first sporting event to take place in the Kingdome was a exhibition North American Soccer League game between the Seattle Sounders and the New York Cosmos. 58,120 people attended the game, which set a North American record for a soccer game. The first concert in the stadium was by Paul McCartney and Wings on June 10. On August 1, 1976, the Seahawks would play their first preseason game against the San Francisco 49ers in a 27–20 loss. The NFL would hold the Pro Bowl at the Kingdome the next season.

After the lawsuit by Seattle against the MLB for the departure of the Pilots was dropped, the city was awarded an MLB team. The team would be known as the Seattle Mariners. On April 6, 1977, the Mariners would play their first game in a 7–0 loss to the California Angels. On July 17, 1979, the Kingdome hosted the All-Star Game.

When their contract for the Seattle Center Coliseum expired, the Seattle SuperSonics of the National Basketball Association (NBA) moved into the stadium. The SuperSonics would have a successful year in their first year at the stadium. They were able to finish with a record of 52-30, had the #1 seed in the NBA playoffs and were able to win the 1979 NBA Championship after defeating the Washington Bullets 4 games to 1. This was the first championship won in the stadium and also the only championship in SuperSonics history. On April 7, 1985, the SuperSonics would play their final game in the stadium in a 125–110 loss to the Phoenix Suns. However, it was not the end of basketball in the stadium as the NBA would host the 1987 All-Star Game there. The National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) would also host the 1984, 1989, and 1995 Final Four tournaments at the Kingdome.

On June 27, 1999, the Mariners would play their last game at the Kingdome. They defeated the Texas Rangers 5–2 in front of a sellout crowd of 56,000 fans. Ken Griffey Jr. hit the last ever homerun in the stadium. They would move to Safeco Field.

Seahawks owner Ken Behring wanted to move the team to Southern California but the NFL would block the move and would fine Behring $900,000 for every day that the Seahawks were in Anaheim. The team would be bought by Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen in 1997. He would keep the team in Seattle.

On June 17, 1997, a measurement was passed which would fund the building of a new stadium. On January 9, 2000, the final event took place at the stadium. The Seahawks would lose to the Miami Dolphins in the AFC Wild Card game. On March 26, 2000, the Kingdome was demolished with an implosion. It wasn't until March 2015, 15 years after the implosion, that the debt for the stadium was finally retired.

Biographical evaluation

Biographical evaluation or ʿIlm al-rijāl (Arabic: عِلْمُ الرِّجال), meaning ""Knowledge of Men"" in Arabic, is a branch of Islamic studies focused on assessing the reliability of individuals who narrate Hadiths (sayings of Prophet Muhammad). This discipline aims to determine the credibility of narrators by combining historical and religious information. Its purpose is to differentiate between authentic and trustworthy Hadiths and those that are less reliable.

Palace of Aegae

The Palace of Aegae is an ancient Greek site in Macedonia.

Aegae ("Αἰγέαι") was the original capital of the Macedonians, an ancient kingdom in northern Greece. 

The tomb of Philip II (father of Alexander the Great) is there. The city was the burial-place of the Macedonian kings. It was built on a commanding and picturesque site.

Fabrice Borer

Fabrice Borer (born 24 December 1971) is a former Swiss football player. He plays as a goalkeeper. Borer has played for Delémont, Lausanne-Sport, Sion, Grasshoppers and the Switzerland national team.

Sir John Hall

Sir John Hall (born March 1933) is a British businessman. He is also life president and former chairman of Newcastle United.

Joseph Lelyveld

Joseph Salem Lelyveld (5 April 1937 – 5 January 2024) was an American journalist from Cincinnati, Ohio. He was the editor of the New York Times from 1994 to 2001. He received the Pulitzer Prize in 1986 for "Move Your Shadow: South Africa, Black and White".

Lelyveld was married to Carolyn Fox from 1959 until her death in 2004. They had two daughters.

Lelyvald died from complications of Parkinson's disease at his home in Manhattan, on 5 January 2024. He was 86 at the time of his death.

Public Investment Fund

The Public Investment Fund (PIF) is the sovereign wealth fund of Saudi Arabia. It is among the largest sovereign wealth funds in the world with total estimated assets of US$776 billion (£538 billion). It was created in 1971 for the purpose of investing funds on behalf of the Government of Saudi Arabia. The wealth fund is controlled by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, Saudi Arabia's "de facto" ruler since 2015.

Halo orbit

A halo orbit is a periodic, three-dimensional orbit near one of the L, L or L Lagrange points in the three-body problem of orbital mechanics.

Solar magnetic storms

Solar magnetic storms are also known as Geomagnetic storms. These are major disturbances to Earth's magnetosphere that happens when one of the Sun's solar winds passes into the space environment around Earth. These storms can be caused due to major changes in the currents and plasmas of Earth's magnetosphere. The largest storms which arise from these conditions are associated with coronal mass ejections (CMEs).

2010 Colorado gubernatorial election

The 2010 Colorado gubernatorial election happened on Tuesday, November 2, 2010 to elect the Governor of Colorado. The Democratic mayor of Denver, John Hickenlooper, easily won the election, as the conservative vote was split between Republican businessman Dan Maes and the Constitution Party's Tom Trancredo, a former Congressman.





Hickenlooper won the primary unopposed.




Because of Tancredo's strong preformance, the Constitution Party became a "major party." In Colorado, a party can become "major" if their candidate gets 10% of the vote. If a party is "major", their name is placed near the top of the ballot. The Constitution Party did not have a candidate in the 2014 election. Because of that, it was no longer a major party.

JOM Charity Award

JOM Charity Awards is an 
award that celebrate the achievements of individuals or companies. It is awarded to individuals who have helped solve global world problem.

Jom Charity also known as Josephine Oboh Macleod Charityis the parents body of the JOM Charity Awards founded in 2017 by Josephine Oboh Macleod.

The selection process for these individuals/organizations/companies involved nominations, thorough background checks based on their impact, and board justifications.

The selection process involves a combination of votes from the public and industry professionals, ensuring that only the best of the best are honored.

After the conclusion of the nomination phase, the selection process Will progress into a strategic questionnaire phase. This stage aims to engage a diverse demographic of millions of people aged 18 to 70, encompassing a wide spectrum of lifestyles.

Kalasha religion

Kalasha religion, Kalash religion or Kalash faith is a religion originating in the Chitral region of northwestern Pakistan. Most of the Kalash people of Chitral follow it. It is classified as a Polytheistic and Animistic religion that shares similarities with Vedic, pre-Zoroastrian and Hellenic cultures and even Islam. The followers of this religion are known as Kalash or Kalashas and their cultural and religious practices as "Kalasha Dastoor". Kalash ceremonies and traditions use altars that have many different names in the Kalasha language.

The Kalash religion has likely been practised in Chitral for thousands of years. It is older than other religions such as Hinduism and Zoroastrianism. It is considered an indigenous religion of Pakistan. The Kalash culture and belief system are very different from that of other ethnic groups surrounding them. The Kalasha has the strong concept for “Pure” and “Impure” in their life. Therefore, there are many rituals to purify the things that they believe are impure. They believe in many Gods and Godesses and one supreme and creator deity called "Dezau". Historians think Dezau is similar to Zeus of Ancient Greece.

Kalash religion, mythology and rituals are similar to those of the Vedic Indo-Aryans and the pre-Zoroastrian cultures. Historians have compared Kalash mythology and folklore to that of ancient Greece. These historians also consider the Kalash pantheon as one of the last living representatives of the Indo-European religion. Kalasha culture and tradition of Suri Jagek has been recognised as an Intangible cultural heritage by UNESCO since 2018.

The Kalashas are Polytheistic and believe in 12 main gods and goddesses dominated by the supreme creator deity "Dezau". Khodai, Dizaw and paida garaw are the words used by the Kalash to address God. All the Kalash prayers start with a phrase “Mul’awa ta deva” The word Mul’awa means "Lord", "owner" or "master". And deva means "spirit" or "alter". 

Every Kalash village has Altars dedicated to these gods and goddesses where sacrifices and rituals take place. Other Kalash Gods and Goddesses include Balumain, Sajigor, Krumai, Mahandeo, Saranji, Nirmali, Imra, Jestak and Dizane, Dizane is the great Mother Goddess of the Kalasha. Variants on her name are Disani, Disni, and she is also called Dezalik (“sister of Dezau”).

Dezau or Imrá is the supreme creator deity in Kalasha religion, he is also called with the Persian and Pastho term Khodai. The Kalasha term Dezau (ḍezáw) is derived from the Indo-European word "*dheig'h" which means 'to form' or 'to create'. All other Gods and Godesses have been create by the supreme deity Dezau. Some Kalash people are monotheistics and only believe in a single, creative God, Dezau.

Dizane is the great Mother Goddess of the Kalasha people. She is also known as "Disani" or "Dezalik", she is associated with the Bashali, hearth, life force, and protection of children and women during childbirth. The sister-brother pairing of Dizane with Dezau, reflects a matriarchal pattern found in various cultures. The Giché, or new year festival, is dedicated to Dizane, and special observances occur during the Dizanedu holiday. The festival involves feasting, rejoicing, and a symbolic torchlight procession to honor the goddess. Dizane is also believed to take care of the wheat crop, and offerings are made to appease her or increase wheat-field yields, without the sacrifice of animals. Additionally, the men during Giché present a goat to Dizane with the birth of each son, although she oversees all births.

Krumai or Shumai, another goddess in the Kalasha tradition, lives on her sacred mountain Tirich Mir, which is also home to fairies. A shrine dedicated to her was established at Badáwan, where the Kalasha people used to offer goat sacrifices to deities and mountain fairies.

Initially Krumai was seen as a male god by Robertson, he later recognized Krumai as female after seeing her effigy in a dancing house in Presungul. Despite being worshipped widely, Robertson observed no sacrifices made to her.

According to a myth, Krumai, taking the form of a goat, came from Tirich Mir and mingled with other deities. Only Imrá recognized her true identity and slyly pushed her into a mountain-stream. Climbing out, Krumai left visible marks on the rock. Reaching the top, she showered stones on the gods below, annoying them. Imrá revealed Krumai's true form, and, upon her promise to behave, she transformed back and hosted a lavish banquet for the gods.

Nirmali is another Kalash goddess, similar to Lucina from Ancient Rome. She looks after women and children, providing protection for women during childbirth. The women's retreats, known as 'pshars,' are particularly under her care. Nirmali is associated with the roots of the Sacred Tree, showing the earthy and female nature of these places, which the Kalash describe as pragata (Impure).

Dezau, also known as Imrá, not only created the gods and godesses, but he also created seven daughters. These daughters have a special role; they care for and safeguard agriculture. When it's time for planting seeds, people honor them by sacrificing goats. This ritual is performed to ensure abundant crops and the Earth's kindness.

The Kalash people believe in fairies called "Vetrs" in addition to their gods and goddesses. These fairies are thought to be present everywhere and need to be pleased for good millet crops. During a ceremony, a fire is lit in the crop's center, and offerings like juniper-cedar, ghee, and bread are made while reciting a ritual. No animals are sacrificed in this process. Alongside the fairy ceremony, special bread cakes are offered to Yush, the devil. Similarly, when invoking Dizane to protect or improve wheat, Yush must be appeased simultaneously, but no dances are performed for him.

A powerful fairy named Charmo Vetr resides high up the Kutaringul stream. The Kam tribe regularly offer sacrifices to this fairy, receiving significant help in return against their enemies.

There's another fairy living in the branches of a cedar tree with an Imrá stone. Offerings like cheese are left there, untouched because stealing from this tree is considered foolish. Mischievous fairies might disturb sacrifices, tear the priest's robes, or play tricks, but they are generally seen as more benevolent than malicious. The night before the Dizanedu festival, there's an annual dance dedicated to the fairies.

A tale mentions female ancestors founding nations. Imrá, sitting on rocks where Kti and Presun rivers meet, made butter in a golden goat-skin churn. From the skin, three women emerged, populating different countries. Imra added water, creating a fourth woman who settled in Presungul.

Onjesta and Pragata are dual spheres or domains in which the Kalasha society in divided in. Onjesta means "Pure," and Pragata means "Impure". In the Kalasha religion, they strongly believe in things being either pure or impure, so they have many rituals to purify what they think is impure. Kalasha women spend their time in bashali during menstruation because they are considered pragata (impure) in Kalasha dastoor (religion and tradition).

According to Peter Parkes, In the onjesta domain, there are mountains, juniper, holly-oak, markhor, goat, honey bees, altars, stables, and men. In the pragata domain, there are lower valleys, onions, garlic, cattle, sheep, hens, eggs, Bashali (Menstrual house), graveyard, and women according to Kalasha dastoor (religion and tradition).

Mountains are sacred because gods and fairies live there. Saras (juniper) which is pure, is vital in the onjesta category as it grows in high pastures, providing fuel and branches for purifying rituals. Bonj (holly-oak) is another sacred tree used in rituals. Both trees are considered pure (onjesta). In the Kalasha society, Markhor is seen as more pure, goats are considered strong and intelligent like men and women, and sheeps are seen as weaker and senseless.

Bashali or Menstrual house is a special place commonly found in every Kalash village. At puberty, every Kalasha girl goes to this place for her first menstrual period. During a ritual called "tusulek", women in the bashali wash their hands, offer bread to Goddess Dezalik, pray for the girl's health, and share food from her home. A similar custom is observed when a woman gives birth. The stay in bashali lasts five days for menstruation and twenty days after childbirth, during which females are considered impure or pragata. Male relatives don't touch the mother or anything in the bashali during this time. A ritual called "Achanbi" is performed on the sixth day after childbirth.

If a girl or woman dies in a bashali, she is buried in a specific corner of the graveyard, with only females participating in the burial ceremony. Children who die shortly after birth are buried in the bashali compound. Males entering the bashali face penalties, as it is strictly prohibited for them. The bashali is purified twice a year, and the process involves naked girls running around with branches of holly oak, purifying the place with the smoke.

The Bashali is made of timber and stones similar to traditional Kalasha houses, with one or two rooms and verandas. The design includes a fireplace, a platform for the goddess Dezalik, and no windows. Over time, some bashalis have undergone changes with improved conditions, including more rooms, bathrooms, and toilets. In some cases, bashalis have evolved into mother and child health care centers with better facilities.

1990 Connecticut gubernatorial election

The 1990 Connecticut gubernatorial election happened on November 6, 1990. It was a three-way race between Democrat candidate Bruce Morrison, Republican candidate John G. Rowland, and third party candidate Lowell Weicker. Lowell Weicker ran as the candidate from A Connecticut Party and narrowly won.


List of Newcastle United owners

Newcastle United Football Club is an English football club based in Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear, North East England. Since 2021, there have been 18 chairmans and 6 owners, the most recent being Yasir Al-Rumayyan who took over as chairman and Public Investment Fund, PCP Capital Partners and RB Sports & Media who took over as owners on 7th November 2021.

Jom Charity

Josephine Oboh-Macleod Charity also known as JOM Charity is an organization founded by Josephine Oboh-Macleod to promote art and culture worldwide.

According to Vanguard Newspaper, JOM Charity is collaborating with Kakofoni and Johfrim Arts and Design Studio to launch the Afro-Celtic exhibition for promoting art and culture in Africa and Scotland.
Milngavie Old People’s Association described JOM Charity as the first Art and Well-being Charities founded by a black woman of African descent Josephine Oboh-MacLeod.
JOM Charity has worked with "Women’s Integration Network", "Kakofoni Foundation Nigeria", "Milngavie Old People’s Association", "Twechar Healthy Living Centre," and others. According to the founder, the organization has supported other NGO's including "Coalition For Racial Equality and Rights (CRER)."


Food Lion

Food Lion is an American regional supermarket chain. It is headquartered in Salisbury, North Carolina. It has over 1,100 supermarkets in 10 states of the Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern United States. It was founded in 1957 as Food Town, a single grocery store in Salisbury.

Pontiac G8

Pontiac G8 was a full-size sedan which was produced by Holden in Australia for export to the United States and Canada, where it was sold by Pontiac. Production ended in mid-2009, following the GM decision to discontinue the Pontiac brand.

Bessam

Cheikh El Khalil Moulaye Ahmed, known as Moulaye Khalil Bessam or Bessam, is a Mauritanean professional footballer who plays as forward.

Ayanokouji kiyotaka

Ayanokoji Kiyotaka is a fictional character inside the anime "Classroom of the Elite." Ayanokouji Kiyotaka is a manipulator who only sees humans as tools, and the fans adore him for that.

Philautus maosonensis

The Mao-Son bubble-nest frog or Maoson shrub frog ("Philautus maosonensis") is a frog. It lives in northern Vietnam and probably China's Guangxi Province, which borders it. People have seen it between 400 and 1500 meters above sea level.

Svalbard and Jan Mayen

Svalbard and Jan Mayen are Territories of Norway. Svalbard is 62,045 km and Jan Mayen is 373 km.

<mapframe latitude="73.478485" longitude="7.910156" zoom="2" width="200" height="215" />
Scafati

Scafati is a town in the province of Salerno, in the part of Campania that is Italian. Approximately 48,000 people live in Scafati as of the 6th of January 2023. Scafati was also a part of Germany until 1943 during World War II. The city is about west of Salerno. The area is industrialized, many people from Scafati work in industries nearby. It is part of the Greater Naples area, and right next to Pompeii and Castellammare di Stabia.

Saint-Domingue

Saint-Domingue was the name of a French colony on the island of Hispaniola. The colony existed from 1659 to 1804. In the Peace of Ryswick, the Spanish gave about a third of the island to the French. In 1804, the colony became independent, and took the name Haiti. The other part of the island was called Santo Domingo, and is the Dominican Republic today.


6 January 2024 attack on the USS Laboon

On 6 January 2024, the "USS Laboon", an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer, was attacked in the southern Red Sea by an unmanned aerial vehicle launched by Houthi forces. The "USS Laboon" shot down the suicide drone at approximately 9:30 am (Arabia Standard Time) in what the United States Navy described was “self defense”. No damage or injuries were reported from the incident.


Sudraka

Sudraka was an Indian king and playwright. Three Sanskrit plays are ascribed to him - "Mricchakatika" ("The Little Clay Cart"), "Vinavasavadatta", and a "bhana" (short one-act monologue), "Padmaprabhritaka". Sudraka has been identified as the pen name of an Abhira king from the third century CE, either Indranigupta, or Shivadatta, father of Ishvarasena.


Johnny Rockets

Johnny Rockets is an American restaurant franchise. It is best known or its 1950s diner-style decor. It was founded on June 6, 1986.

Waffle House

Waffle House is an American restaurant chain. It has over 1,900 locations in 25 states in the United States. It is headquartered in Norcross, Georgia, in the Atlanta metropolitan area.

Carpet bombing

Carpet bombing, or saturation bombing describes the bombardment of a given area with bombs destroying as much as possible in the given area. Like a carpet that covers the floor, bombs should cover the area. Carpet bombing is usually done by dropping a large number of unguided bombs. 

Carpet bombing of cities, towns, villages, or other areas containing a concentration of protected civilians has been a war crime since 1977. It is explained in Article 51 of Protocol I of the Geneva Conventions.

The term "obliteration bombing" is sometimes used to describe especially intensified bombing with the intention of destroying a city or a large part of the city. The term "area bombing" refers to indiscriminate bombing of an area and also encompasses cases of carpet bombing, including obliteration bombing. It was used in that sense especially during World War II and the Korean War.

The use of atomic weapons is automatically a case of carpet bombing in its effect, but there are no modern examples of their use. Their use against Japan in WWII was the last and only example of a real attack using an atomic weapon.



Jersey Mike's Subs

Jersey Mike's Subs is an American submarine sandwich chain headquartered in Manasquan, New Jersey. It has 2,000 locations. It was founded in 1956.

Albertsons

Albertsons is an American grocery company. It is based in Boise, Idaho. It has 2,253 stores. It was founded in the year 1939. The grocery company was 53rd in the Fortune 500 list of 2018. The supermarket is the 2nd largest supermarket group after Kroger. The group was bought by Safeway in 2015 for 9.2 billion dollars and had 1,075 supermarkets in 29 different US states.

Safeway (disambiguation)

Safeway may refer to:



Tahrir al-Sham

Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham (HTS; Arabic: هيئة تحرير الشام) is a Salafist Jihadist militant group that fights in the Syrian Civil War. The group was formed as a combination of Ahrar al-Sham, Al-Nusra Front, Ansar al-Din Front, Jaysh al-Islam, Liwa al-Haqq, and Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement. The combination was helped by Abu Jaber Shaykh, the second emir of Ahrar al-Sham. The group is allegedly linked to Al-Qaeda according to the European Union and the United States of America. The group is designated a terrorist group by Turkey, United States, Morocco, Australia, Canada, European Union, United Kingdom, Saudi Arabia, United Nations, Russia, and Iran.

Fernando Capalla

Fernando Robles Capalla (1 November 1934 – 6 January 2024) was a Roman Catholic archbishop of the Archdiocese of Davao. He was archbishop from 1996 to 2012. Capalla was born in Leon, Iloilo, Philippine Islands.

Capalla died on January 6, 2024 at the age of 89.

Nicholas Rescher

Nicholas Rescher (; ; 15 July 1928 – 5 January 2024) was a German-born American philosopher, polymath, and author. He was a professor of philosophy at the University of Pittsburgh from 1961 until his death. He was chairman of the Center for Philosophy of Science and chairman of the philosophy department.

Rescher was born in Hagen, Westphalia, Prussia, Germany.

Rescher was president for the American Catholic Philosophical Association, Leibniz Society of North America, American Metaphysical Society, American Philosophical Association, and Charles S. Peirce Society.

He was the founder of "American Philosophical Quarterly", "History of Philosophy Quarterly", and "Public Affairs Quarterly". 

Rescher died on 5 January 2024 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania at the age of 95.


25 or 6 to 4

"25 or 6 to 4" is a song written by American musician Robert Lamm, one of the founding members of the band Chicago. It was recorded in 1969 for their second album, "Chicago". Peter Cetera was on the lead vocals.

Lamm said the song is about trying to write a song in the middle of the night. The song's title is the time at which the song is set: 25 or 26 minutes before 4 a.m. (twenty-five or [twenty-]six [minutes] to four [o’clock]). Since the song has a unique title, "25 or 6 to 4", some people thought it mean the quantity of a certain drug or the name of a famous person in code.

The original recording features an electric guitar solo using a wah-wah pedal by Chicago guitarist Terry Kath, and a lead vocal line in the Aeolian mode.

The album was released in January 1970 and the song was edited and released as a single in June (omitting the second verse and most of the guitar solo), climbing to number 4 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and number 7 on the UK Singles Chart.

The song was banned in Singapore in 1970 because of it possibly being about drugs. The ban extended to later albums that included the song, such as "Chicago 18". In 1993, the ban on this song was lifted, along with long-time bans on songs by other artists such as the Beatles, Bob Dylan and Creedence Clearwater Revival.

The song has been used in popular media as well. It appears as an on-disc track in the video game "Rock Band 3"; the animated TV series "King of the Hill", the 2017 movie "I, Tonya", and the 2023 DCEU superhero movie "The Flash".

Arleigh Burke-class destroyer

The Arleigh Burke-class of guided-missile destroyers (DDGs) is class of destroyers in the United States Navy. This class is named after Admiral Arleigh Burke, an American destroyer officer during World War II who became the Chief of Naval Operations. In terms of size and armament, the Arleigh Burke-class destroyers pass several of the previous classes of guided-missile cruisers in capabilities.

The Arleigh Burke-class of destroyers first saw combat through Tomahawk Land Attack Missile (TLAM) strikes against Iraq during Operation Desert Strike in 1996. Between September 3-4, 1996, the USS "Laboon" and USS "Russell" launched 21 of these missiles. In 1998, Arleigh Burke-class destroyers participated in Operation Desert Fox.

On October 19, 2023, the USS "Carney" shot down three missile and multiple drones launched by Houthi forces, which were launched towards Israel. This was the first defensive action by the United States military since the start of the 2023 Israel–Hamas war.

On November 15, 2023, the USS "Thomas Hudner" shot down a drone launched from Yemen, which was heading towards the ship.

On January 6, 2024, the USS "Laboon" was attacked by Houthi forces in the Red Sea. The ship participated in the misstile strikes against Yemen on January 12, 2024. The ship was attacked again by the Houthis on January 14, 2024.

This is the list of Arleigh Burke-class destroyers. As of January 2024, there are 73 active destroyers, 10 in construction, and 9 in order.


Alex Otti

Alex Chioma Otti (born 18 February 1965) professionally called Alex Otti is a Nigerian banker and politician. He is the current governor of Abia State since 2023.

Alex was born in Isiala Ngwa South LGA of Abia State where he had his basic and secondary education. In 1988, He badged his honors degree in Economics from University of Port Harcourt, had his MBA degree from University of Lagos in 1994.

As a banker, he has worked with Nigerian International Bank (subsidiary of Citibank New York) (1989), Nigerian Intercontinental Merchant Bank Ltd, Societe Bancaire Nigeria Limited (1992), United Bank for Africa, First Bank of Nigeria (2001) as assistant general manager, Diamond Bank, et cetera.
In 2023, Alex Otti won the governorship election under Labour Party and was sworn into office on 29 May, 2023 in Abia State.
He founded "Alex Otti Foundation" that aims to provide and help people originating and living in Abia State commonly called, "Abians." The foundation aldo covers The Alex Otti Foundation Tertiary Institution Scholarship Scheme.

He was regarded as the second governor from Nigeria after Segun Mimiko of Ondo State for Labour Party.



Emirate of Transjordan

The Emirate of Transjordan was an emirate of the Middle East founded by King Awary al-Samad and EP Sawad Khan of the Emirate of Dawghula which split into north and south Dawghula. The Emirate of Transjordan lived from 1907-1946 Its capital was named after Awary the king and called Samadgha ul-Hamed. Its national anthem was “Respect the Constitution that is Transjordan”
Ziyad al-Nakhalah

Ziyad Al-Nakhalah (born 6 April 1953) is a Palestinian politician. He has been the Secretary-General of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine since 2018, following the illness of former Secretary-General Ramadan Shalah. Ziyad was previously Deputy Secretary-General, and was elected as the movement’s new Secretary-General in late September 2018.

Ziyad al-Nakhalah was born on 6 April 1953 in Khan Yunis, Gaza Strip, then under the Egyptian control. His father, Hajj Rushdi Al-Nakhalah, was killed in the city of Khan Yunis in 1956 during the Khan Yunis massacre against Egypt and Gaza.
Ziyad Al-Nakhalah is married and has 4 daughters and 2 sons.

Suri Jagek

Suri Jagek, meaning 'observing the sun', is the traditional Kalasha meteorological and astronomical knowledge system and practice. It's used in the Hindu Kush mountains of northwestern Pakistan to observe the sun, moon, stars, and shadows in relation to local terrain. This system helps the Kalasha people predict when to sow seeds, take care of animals, and anticipate natural disasters. It also guides their calendar, determining dates for social events, festivals, and religious ceremonies. Suri Jagek and the Kalasha culture has been declared an Intangible cultural heritage of Pakistan by UNESCO since 2018.

Suri Jagek reflects how the Kalasha people connect with their environment for a sustainable lifestyle. The knowledge is passed through stories, songs, and proverbs, adapting some aspects for modern life. Despite its visibility, younger generations may not fully appreciate its cultural importance due to the growing preference for digital weather predictions.

The observatories where the practice of Surik Jagek is observed is called "Suri Jagaekein" in Kalasha language. At first, people thought it was more for one gender, as women being Pragata (Impure) could not visit the observatories, from where the rising and setting sun were observed. But later, they realized that Surik Jagek is about knowing not just the sun but also other celestial bodies. Women are seen as experts in observing the moon and stars. The Kalasha calendar is also based on this practice of Suri Jagek.


University of Nigeria

The University of Nigeria, Nsukka, popularly known as UNN, is a public university in Nsukka, Nigeria founded in 1955 by Nnamdi Azikiwe. It has the "Nsukka campus", "Enugu campus", and "Ituku-Ozalla campus."


2018–19 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2018-19 Red Bull Salzburg season was the 86rd season in club history. Red Bull Salzburg won the championship and the and the Austrian Cup. Salzburg was eliminated from the Champions League by Red Star Belgrade in the playoffs. In the Europa League they were eliminated by SSC Napoli in the round of 16. In the group stage Salzburg won all six matches.

Sockburn, New Zealand

Sockburn is an industrial suburb in Christchurch. It is located in between Hornby and Riccarton. It is bounded by the triangle of State Highway 73 and State Highway 1 and has a Catholic primary school and Catholic boys high school in the suburb.

Luke Helder

Lucas John Helder (born May 5, 1981) also known as the Midwest Pipe Bomber, is an American terrorist.

He was arrested in 2002 as a suspect in pipe bombings in mailboxes, which injured several people. In 2004, he was found mentally unable to stand trial and is still imprisoned in a federal medical facility.

In 2002, Helder planned to plant pipe bombs around the United States in mailboxes to create a smiley face on the United States map. Helder planted 18 bombs packed with BBs and nails that covered 3,200 miles (5,100 km) in Nebraska, Colorado, Texas, Illinois and Iowa. In Iowa, six people were injured when the bombs were detonated.

He was stopped in Nebraska, Oklahoma and Colorado for speeding and failure to wear a seat belt, but he was not arrested. He was captured in Nevada before he was able to make the full smile.

In April 2004, a federal judge found Helder unfit to stand trial. A judge could free him if doctors find he isn't a threat to society anymore, but legal experts doubt this as the nature of the crime committed was violent. Helder has been diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder.

Multiple status checks have been conducted but they have came to the conclusion he is unfit for trial.

Before his bombing spree, he was a member of Rochester grunge band Apathy. Containing members Mike Stanton on drums, Eric Hielscher on bass and Helder on guitar and vocals. He was heavily inspired by Nirvana and was a fan of Kurt Cobain. Drummer of Apathy, Mike Stanton described Helder's singing as "interesting" and his lyrics never seemed like they had they had an anti government message, according to Stanton, although it may be due to him not paying much attention to the lyrics.

Apathy only recorded one album called "Sacks of People" which was released in 2001. The album remained mostly lost other than 2 tracks, Conformity and Black and Back which were found in 2021. A third song, Mindsight was confirmed to exist but never initially surfaced.

The whole album was found in September of 2023 by YouTube channel "scorche" who came into contact with someone who unknowingly had the entire album on an old hard drive of theirs.

Vinette Robinson

Vinette Robinson (born 1981) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Helen Hopewell in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2009), and Nicola Daniels in the BBC drama series "The A Word" (2016–2017). 

Dumbo octopus

The dumbo octopus is "Grimpoteuthis", a cephalopod. It lives thousands of metres beneath the surface of the Pacific and Atlantic oceans. It lives off the creatures which live on the bottom at a great depth, mostly worms and crustaceans. There are about 17 species of this cephalopod.

Lies (Status Quo song)

"Lies" / "Don't Drive My Car" is a 1980 double A-side from Status Quo. It was taken from their 13th studio album "Just Supposin'" and went to number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Ireland, number 9 in Austria and number 5 in the Netherlands. 


XVideos

Fabian Thylmann, the owner of MindGeek, attempted to purchase XVideos in 2012 in order to create a monopoly of pornographic tube sites. The French owner of XVideos turned down a reported offer of more than US$120 million by saying, "Sorry, I have to go and play "Diablo II"."

In 2014, XVideos controversially attempted to force content providers to either pledge to renounce the right to delete videos from their accounts or to shut down their accounts immediately.

Ownership of Mike Ashley (NUFC)

Mike Ashley’s tenure as Ownership of Newcastle United F.C. began on 23 May 2007, succeeding Sir John Hall, As owner, Ashley was also serving as Chairman from 2013 to 2014.

Kalasha Valleys

The Kalasha Valleys or Kalasha Desh (Kalasha-mondr: ""; ) are a number of valleys in southern regions of Chitral in northwestern Pakistan. The people living there are known as the Kalash people. They have their own customs, and religions. The valleys are surrounded by the Hindu Kush mountain range and are close to the border with Afghanistan. Before they were converted to Islam, the Nuristani people living next to the Kalash people had very similar beliefs.

There are three main valleys. The largest one, where most people live is called Bumburet (or Mumuret). There's a smaller valley, called Rumbur, to the side. Birir Valley is the third, and smallest of the three.

Akshay Bhatia

Akshay Bhatia (born January 31, 2002) is an American professional golfer. Bhatia was born in Northridge, California, and lives in Wake Forest, North Carolina. He was runner-up at the 2018 U.S. Junior Amateur. Won his first PGA tournament in 2023 which made him eligible for The Sentry in Hawaii in January 2024.

Appeal to the Macedonians in Bulgaria (1944)

Appeal to the Macedonians in Bulgaria () is an appeal from 29 notable Macedonian activists in Bulgaria, they were former activists of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (United), the appeal was published in Sofia which is where it was written at the time during World War II. The whole point of the appeal was to get support from the Macedonians in Bulgaria to participate in the liberation of Pirin Macedonia, which was occupied by Bulgaria during the war. They also wanted to help participate in the National Liberation of Macedonia. The appeal is very famous between Macedonians in Bulgaria for showing a sign that Macedonians in Bulgaria existed back then despite the Bulgarian goverment denying their existence. OMO Ilinden Pirin, a Macedonian organization in Bulgaria would do a similar version with their own appeal in the 1990s. The entire appeal is saved in Macedonian archives. The Appeal also used the motto from multiple Macedonian organization at Bulgaria at the time which was ""Macedonia for the Macedonians"".

The new Bulgarian power established after the September 9th coup, soon after that began to reorganize and/or close the Macedonian patriotic organizations that had existed until then, such as the Union of Macedonian Emigrant Organizations, the Ilinden Organization, the Macedonian Women's Union and the Union of Macedonian Youth Organizations. The fate of the signatories of the Appeal is different. Some of them soon after had high public and political positions in both countries, while others were repressed or isolated from political life. Overall the appeal had failed in what it tried to do, and that was to gain autonomy or independence for the Pirin Region in Bulgaria. However Georgi Dimitrov, the first president of the newly formed socialist Bulgaria actually planned to give the region independence but after his death his successor refused to.

The appeal starts with ""Dear fellow citizens"" (which is talking about the Macedonian population in Bulgaria) and then in detail explains the terror the Macedonian population has experienced throught its history, recounting stories of Ottoman rule and mentioning how heroic the Ilinden Uprising was. they then name multiple famous Macedonian revolutionaries, some of which are: Dame Gruev, Goce Delčev, Dimo Hadži Dimov, Gjorče Petrov. The appeal talks about the Macedonian question, a political debate on whether or not the Macedonians as a nation should exist.

The appeal ends with a call for unity with Yugoslavia and more local autonomy in Bulgaria, they also show support for the USSRs army and the Yugoslavian partisans. They wish for end of fascism in the Bulgarian goverment and to accept communism. There are 29 signatures and they are located at the end and they are:

Food City (K-VA-T)

Food City is an American supermarket chain. It has stores located in Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia. It is owned by K-VA-T Food Stores, Inc., a privately held family and employee-owned corporation (13% via ESOP).

Save-A-Lot

Save-A-Lot is an American discount supermarket chain store headquartered in St. Ann, Missouri, in Greater St. Louis. It has about 900 independently owned and operated stores across 32 states in the United States with over $4 billion in annual sales.

Nsukka

Nsukka is a town and a Local Government Area in Enugu State, Nigeria.

Philautus ventrimaculatus

Philautus ventrimaculatus is a frog. It lives in Indonesia, in Sumatra. Scientists have seen it between 1838 and 2446 meters above sea level.

Steak 'n Shake

Steak 'n Shake is an American casual restaurant chain that serves primarily in the Midwestern United States with locations also in the South, Mid-Atlantic, Western United States, Europe, and the Middle East. It has 628 restaurants. It was founded in 1934.

FTX

FTX is a bankrupt company that formerly operated a fraud-ridden cryptocurrency exchange and crypto hedge fund. Since November 11, 2022, FTX has been in Chapter 11 bankruptcy in the US court system.

Ruth's Chris Steak House

Fuzzy's Taco Shop

Fuzzy's Taco Shop is an American fast casual restaurant chain specializing in Baja-style Mexican cuisine. It has 150 locations. It was founded in 2001. In December 2022, the chain was acquired by Dine Brands Global.

Wetzel's Pretzels

Wetzel's Pretzels is an American chain of fast-food restaurants, specializing in pretzels and hot dogs. It has more than 370 locations across the United States, Canada and Central America, mostly located in shopping malls, airports, theme parks, and stadia; plus, as of recently, food trucks. It is headquartered in Pasadena, California. It was founded in 1994.

The Habit Burger Grill

The Habit Burger Grill is a California-based fast casual restaurant chain that specializes in chargrilled hamburgers. It was founded in 1969 at Santa Barbara, California and its headquarters are in Irvine, California. It was founded on November 15, 1969. In March 2020, the chain was acquired by Yum! Brands.

Roya Heshmati

Roya Heshmati () is an Iranian activist. The Iranian government says that women have to wear a hijab, when they are in public. Hashmati posted a photo of her on social media, where she does not wear a hijab. For this she was arrested, and sentenced to 74 lashes.

After she had published the image, police agents entered her house late at night and arrested her. This was on April 20, 2023. Her mobile phone and laptop were also confiscated. She spent eleven days in jail. 

On 3 January 2024, the lashes sentence was executed. She had been charged with causing public chastity injury. Afterwards, Heshmati published a note in which she wrote: "The judge said, 'Don't hit too hard.' The man started hitting me hard. My shoulders, my back, my buttocks, my face, my legs. I lost count of the number of lashes. Under my breath, I was reciting in the name of woman, in the name of life, the garment of slavery was torn, our dark night turns into dawn, all the shackles break." In her note, she explained that she refused to wear a headscarf in court, and then, in front of the judge, in what she described as "a medieval torture chamber," a man whipped her.

Wingstop

Wingstop is an American international chain of restaurants that primarily sells chicken wings. It has a 1930s and 1940s pre-jet aviation theme. It was founded in 1994.

Alfred Achebe

Nnaemeka Alfred Achebe, "CFR" (born 14 May 1941), popularly called Agbogidi is a Nigerian traditional ruler who serves as the 21st and current Obi of Onitsha, a city in Anambra State since 2002. As an Academian, Achebe became the chancellor of Ahmadu Bello University since 2015 after previously being the chancellor of Kogi State University.

Achebe had worked as the chairman of the board of Directors of Unilever Nigeria until his retirement in 2023. He was also the chairman of International Breweries, Nigeria, Director of Royal Dutch Shell Group and others.

Atomism

Atomism is an idea in Metaphysics. It says that everything that can be touched is made of smaller things that are made of smaller things that are made of even smaller things but that eventually you get to something so small that nothing smaller can exist called an Atom. 

The Greek philosopher Anaxagoras said that everything that can be touched is made of smaller things called “Seeds” and that there are many different kinds of “Seeds”. According to him, nothing can be a smaller than a “Seed” and what different objects are like is because of the different kinds of Seeds they have. Later, the philosopher Leucippus and his student Democritus said that everything that can be touched is made of smaller things that are made of even smaller things that are made of even smaller things. But Leucippus and Democritus also said there are things so small that nothing smaller can exist called Atomos Particles and that everything is made of them. Democritus said that there is empty space between all Atomos Particles. He also said that we call different groups of Atomos Particles different things (like Water, Fire, Earth and Air) but that Atoms and Space are the only things that really exist and everything else just looks like it exists.

Aristotle said that Democritus was wrong. He said everything you can touch is made of smaller things that are made of smaller things that are made of smaller things and that this goes on forever. According to him, there is no smallest thing. This is called the Continuous Theorem. Since then a lot of people debated if Aristotle were right or if Democritus were right. Then John Dalton came up with The Atomic Theory which said that all Matter was made of Atomos Particles called Atoms. And Dalton based that idea on Democritus.
Campbell Soup Company

Campbell Soup Company is an American company. It is best known for its flagship canned soup products. It is headquartered in Camden, New Jersey. It was started in 1869 by Joseph A. Campbell, a fruit merchant from Bridgeton, New Jersey, and Abraham Anderson, an icebox manufacturer from South Jersey.

Santiago of the Seas

Santiago of the Seas is an American animated television series created by Niki Lopez, Leslie Valdes, and Valerie Walsh Valdes. It premiered on Nickelodeon on October 9, 2020. The series features the voices of Kevin Chacon, Justice Quiroz, Alyssa Cheatham, and Valentino Cortes.

Pontiac GTO

Pontiac GTO was a front-engine, rear-drive, two-door, four- or five-passenger automobile. It was manufactured and marketed by the Pontiac division of General Motors over four generations from 1963 until 1974 in the United States — with a fifth generation made by GM's Australian subsidiary, Holden, for the 2004 through 2006 model years.

Pontiac Grand Am

Pontiac Grand Am was a mid-size car and later a compact car that was produced by Pontiac. The Grand Am had two separate three-year runs in the 1970s: from 1973 to 1975, and again from 1978 to 1980 . Production of the intermediate sized Grand Am ended in 1980 when it was replaced by the Pontiac 6000.

BlockFi

BlockFi was a digital asset lender founded by Zac Prince and Flori Marquez in 2017. It was based in Jersey City, New Jersey. On November 28, BlockFi confirmed the reports and officially filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with more than 100,000 creditors, according to filings.

Candlebox

Candlebox is an American rock band. They are based in Seattle, Washington. Since its formation in 1990, the group has released seven studio albums, several charting singles, a compilation, and a CD+DVD.

Barton Street Arena

Barton Street Arena (also called the Hamilton Forum) was a sports arena located in Hamilton, Ontario. The arena used to serve as the home for the Hamilton Tigers of the National Hockey League (NHL). The arena also hosted the Hamilton Tigers of the Canadian Professional Hockey League (CPHL), the Hamilton Tiger Cubs of the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA), the Hamilton Red Wings of the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA), and the Hamilton Fincups of the Ontario Major Junior Hockey League (OMJHL).

At the end of the 1919-1920 NHL season, the Quebec Bulldogs would be bought by the Abso Pure Ice Company and they would move the team to Hamilton. Percy Thompson would become the owner of the team. Thompson was also the owner of Barton Street Arena.

The first NHL game at the arena took place on December 22, 1920. The Hamilton Tigers would defeat the Montreal Canadiens 5—0.

During their first four seasons, the Tigers would miss the playoffs. They would finally make the playoffs during the 1924-25 NHL season. They earned a first round bye. However, before playoff hockey could be played at Barton Street Arena, the Tigers players would go on strike. They gave an ultimatum to their general manager Percy Thompson, demanding that he pay $200 for the six extra games that they played of they wouldn't play in the playoffs. He refused and they played didn't play. This was the first players strike in the National Hockey League. NHL president Frank Calder told the players they would be suspended and the team would be replaced in the playoffs. The players were suspended, fined and the team was replaced by the Ottawa Senators. This would end up being the Tigers final season in the NHL. On April 17, 1925, "Big Bill" Dwyer and New York were awarded an NHL expansion team. The team would be known as the New York Americans. Dwyer wanted players from the Tigers and their contracts were bought for $75,000. This marked the end of the Hamilton Tigers.

The arena was demolished in 1977 after the city said it would be cheaper rather than replacing the ice-making equipment. Residential building sit on the arena's old site. The arena would be replaced by Copps Coliseum.

Ghosts (Bruce Springsteen song)

"Ghosts" is a 2020 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the second single from his 20th studio album "Letter to You". The music video was released and went to number 5 on the Billboard Rock Digital Sales charts.

Vertigo (U2 song)

"Vertigo" is a 2004 song by Irish rock group U2 and is the leading single from their 11th studio album "How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb". It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Spain, Italy, Denmark, Greece, Scotland and made the top 10 in New Zealand, the Netherlands, Finland, Australia, Canada, Belgium, Switzerland, Norway, Austria and Sweden. It won 3 Grammy Awards in 2005. In 2011 Bon Jovi covered Vertigo in a snippet of "Bad Medicine" on their Bon Jovi Live tour.

Calendar Girl (song)

"Calendar Girl" is a 1960 song by Neil Sedaka and was written by Howard Greenfield. It went to number 4 in the United States, number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in Japan and Canada, number 7 in New Zealand and number 3 in Australia. It was named after the 1947 movie "Calendar Girl" and has been covered by other artists including The Beach Boys in 1978.

Mitrade

Mitrade is a multiple award-winning global financial derivatives broker specializing in online brokering, foreign exchange (forex), and contracts for differences (CFD). The company was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Melbourne, Australia with offices all over the globe. Mitrade's trading platform has steadily established a steady base of loyal users, and gained international recognition from the finance industry

The business operates under a joint brand name, Mitrade, through the following companies: Mitrade Global Pty Ltd, authorized and regulated by Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC), Mitrade Holding Ltd, a company authorized and regulated by the Cayman Island Monetary Authority (CIMA) and Mitrade International Ltd, authorized and regulated by Mauritius Financial Services Commission (FSC).

Mitrade was granted its Australian Financial Services License (AFSL 398528) in 2011, and the company underwent a restructuring of its team and resources in 2019. That year, they launched a proprietary trading platform called Mitrade, catering to traders and investors from around the world.. Since then, the company has had a continuous expansion, earning its second license from FSC (GB20025791) in 2020 and subsequently from CIMA (SIB 1612446) in 2021.

Mitrade has amassed over 1,100,000 users in less than two years and is quickly expanding. As of 2022, Mitrade had launched over 100 tradeable products on the market. Mitrade's proprietary platform attempts to make CFD trading as simple as possible, and the platform is also accessible as a mobile app via iOS and Android.

Mitrade offers a vast range of products and services, along with market analysis and learning programs that are suitable for all proficiency levels, be it beginner, intermediate or advanced users. Some of the products by Mitrade include:




Tomorrowland (movie)

Tomorrowland is a 2015 American Canadian Spanish science fiction movie directed by Brad Bird and was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It was a commercial failure at box office.



Sanjay Dutt

Sanjay Balraj Dutt (born 29 July 1959) is an Indian actor who works in Hindi cinema in addition to a few Kannada, Tamil, Punjabi and Telugu films. In a career spanning over four decades, Dutt has won several accolades and acted in over 135 films, ranging from romance to comedy genres, though usually in action genres, thus proving himself one of the most popular Hindi film actors since the 1980s.

Shreyas Talpade

Shreyas Talpade (born 27 January 1976) is an Indian actor, film director and producer who appears in Hindi and Marathi films. He has appeared in several critically and commercially successful films. He is better known for his role as Shah Rukh Khan's friend Pappu Master in "Om Shanti Om" (2007), the grand reincarnation melodrama of Farah Khan. He appeared in the comedies "Golmaal Returns" (2008), "Welcome to Sajjanpur" (2008), "Golmaal 3" (2010), "Housefull 2" (2012) and "Golmaal Again" (2017). Talpade also dubbed for Allu Arjun in the Hindi version of "Pushpa: The Rise" (2021).

Tusshar Kapoor

Tushar Ravi Kapoor (born 20 November 1976), popular as Tusshar Kapoor, is an Indian actor and film producer working in Hindi films.

Emraan Hashmi

Emraan Anwar Hashmi (pronounced [ɪmraːn ˈɦaːʃmi]; born 24 March 1979) is an Indian actor who works in Hindi cinema. Born into the Bhatt family, he began his career an assistant director on the horror film "Raaz" (2002). He made his acting debut with the crime film "Footpath" (2003), and achieved his breakthrough for his starring role in the erotic thriller "Murder" (2004).

Kunal Khemu

Kunal Khemu (born Kunal Ravi Kemmu; 25 May 1983) is an Indian actor who works in Hindi cinema.

Rajesh Roshan

Rajesh Roshan Lal Nagrath (born 24 May 1955) is an Indian music director and composer. He is the son of music director Roshan and brother of director Rakesh Roshan.

Radio (2009 movie)

Radio is a 2009 Indian comedy-drama film starring Himesh Reshammiya, Shenaz Treasurywala and Sonal Sehgal in the lead roles. The film is directed by Isshaan Trivedi. The movie was released on the 4th of December 2009. The movie has received praise for his portrayal of Vivan Shah.

Abhay Deol

Abhay Deol (born 15 March 1976) is an Indian actor and producer who is known for his work in Hindi films alongside Tamil cinema. Born in the Deol family, he made his on-screen debut in 2005 with Imtiaz Ali's romantic comedy "Socha Na Tha".

Humayun Saeed

Humayun Saeed (born 27 July 1971) is a Pakistani actor and producer. Saeed has appeared in dozens of Pakistani movies and a limited number of films and earned Lux Style Awards, and ARY Film Awards. Primarily known as an actor, Saeed also runs the Six Sigma Plus media production house which produces television drama serials and commercial movies. Additionally, he has also worked in modeling and fashion designing.

Upasana Singh

Upasana Singh (born 29 June 1975) is an Indian actress and stand-up comedian who works in Hindi and Punjabi language films.

Fatima (disambiguation)

Fatima may refer to:


Alberto Colombo (racing driver)

Alberto Colombo (23 February 1946 – 7 January 2024) was an Italian racing driver. He entered three Formula One Grands Prix in 1978 with ATS (two failures to qualify) and Merzario (one failure to pre-qualify). He won the 1974 Italian Formula Three Championship and was successful in Formula Two. Colombo was born in Varedo, Lombardy, Italy.

Colombo died on 7 January 2024, at the age of 77.

Boeing F-15SE Silent Eagle

F-15SE Silent Eagle, an upgraded version of the F-15 Strike Eagle aircraft, was first unveiled in March 2009. It features an innovative design which reduces its radar cross section. A prototype of the F-15SE Silent Eagle aircraft was first unveiled in March 2009. The F-15SE flight demonstrator aircraft, F-15E1, completed its maiden flight in July 2010.

The F-15SE flight demonstrator aircraft, F-15E1, completed its maiden flight in July 2010.

F-15SE is 63.6ft (19.4m) long, 18.5ft (5.6m) high and has a wingspan of 42.8ft (13m). The basic design of the F-15SE is similar to that of the F-15 Strike Eagle aircraft with new components added. The new components include the conformal weapons bay (CWB) instead of the standard conformal fuel tanks.

The CWB significantly increases the internal carriage capacity of the aircraft and also reduces its radar signature. Two additional weapons stations have been included to enable the aircraft to carry an additional four air-to-air missiles.

The Silent Eagle also features twin vertical tails canted 15° outward. Canted tails provide rear lift to the aircraft and reduce ballast usage, while increasing the range by 75 to 100 nautical miles. Coatings will also be applied to various areas of the aircraft to minimize the radar signature.

The F-15SE has also been designed to function as a non-stealthy, multirole aircraft. The CWBs can be removed and the aircraft can be reconfigured to include conformal fuel tanks based on mission requirements.
Boeing commenced development of the F-15SE as an evolution to the F-15 family of aircraft. The company signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Korea Aerospace Industries in November 2010 for development of the F-15SE’s CWB.

Boeing successfully completed the weapons launch from the left CWB of the F-15E1 flight demonstrator aircraft in November 2010. The F-15E1 launched an inert AIM-120 demonstrating the aircraft’s ability to deploy a missile in flight.

“The F-15SE can carry air-to-air missiles, such as AIM-120 and AIM-9, and air-to-ground weapons.”

Wind tunnel tests on the CWB of the Silent Eagle were completed in June 2012. A scale model of the aircraft was used to test aerodynamics of the CWB design.

Boeing has offered the aircraft for the F-X III competition launched by South Korea’s Defense Acquisition and Procurement Agency to procure 60 new fighter aircraft for the Republic of Korea Air Force. The F-15SE is competing for the $7.3bn order with the Eurofighter Typhoon and Lockheed Martin’s F-35.

The three companies submitted their formal bids in June 2012. South Korea was scheduled to decide the winner of the competition in October 2012 but the decision has now been postponed to mid-2013.

New orders from Saudi Arabia and Japan are also the driving forces behind the development of the next generation of F-15 aircraft. The development cost of F-15SE is estimated at $100m each. Boeing plans to offer the aircraft to five foreign customers with an estimated market for 190 orders. Flight testing of the F-15SE is expected to be carried out in 2013.

The F-15SE will be fitted with two General Electric F110-GE-129 turbofan engines providing thrust of 29,000lbs or two Pratt & Whitney F 100-PW-229 engines providing thrust of 29,000lbs.

The F-15SE will feature next-generation Joint Helmet Mounted Cueing System produced by Vision Systems International, Elbit 11in x 19in Large Area Display (LAD) system on the front and rear cockpits, digital fly-by-wire flight control system, Link-16 Fighter Data Link and infrared search and track (IRST) system. An advanced targeting pod provides the aircraft with target identification and autonomous tracking capabilities. A navigation pod will also be fitted to the aircraft providing it with all-weather and night-attack capabilities. The aircraft will also feature advanced electronic equipment including BAE Systems digital electronic warfare system (DEWS) and active electronically scanned array (AESA) radar. The F-15SE Silent Eagle also incorporated a change to the vertical stabilizers. Whereas all preceding F-15s had featured twin vertical stabilizers, standing perfectly parallel to each other, the Silent Eagle’s stabilizers were canted outward at 15 degrees. The change reduced the Silent Eagle’s RCS and provided a bit more lift. The additional lift granted the Silent Eagle a 75-to-100 mile range increase over its predecessor.   In addition to the structural modifications, the Silent Eagle was also coated in radar-absorbent materials, or RAM, to further reduce the jet’s RCS. “RAM is used on modern stealth fighters to minimize the radar return created by the facets of their designs that couldn’t be adjusted to deflect radar waves – things like ramjet inlets, the fighter’s nose, and the leading edges of its wings,” Hollings wrote. 

The F-15SE can carry air-to-air missiles, such as AIM-120 and AIM-9, and air-to-ground weapons including precision-guided weapons, JDAM and globules admire. The F-15SE can fly at a maximum speed of 2,655km/h. It can climb at the rate of 15,240m/min.

The aircraft will have a range of 3,900km and a service ceiling of 18,200m. The empty weight of the aircraft will be 14,300kg and the maximum takeoff weight will be 36,741kg. The aircraft can carry a payload of 11,748kg.

The Silent Eagle featured a conformal weapons bay and fuel tanks, which served to reduce the jet’s radar cross-section, or RCS. The conformal weapons bay also allowed the Silent Eagle to carry four additional air-to-air missiles. The aircraft was qualified to carry a variety of weapons, including “AIM-9 Sidewinder and AIM-120 AMRAAM air-to-air missiles, JDAM satellite-guided bombs, and Small Diameter Bombs, among others,” as Alex Hollings reported in Sandboxx.

Most notably, the Silent Eagle could also carry “Raytheon AGM-88 high-speed anti-radiation missile (HARM) commonly leveraged by Wild Weasel aircraft hunting for enemy radar systems, making the Silent Eagle a viable and even potent option for SEAD (Suppression of Enemy Air Defenses) operations.” To further decrease the jet’s RCS, external missiles and fuel tanks were removed. 

First introduced in 2009, the Silent Eagle was a modified Strike Eagle with stealth characteristics. Boeing developed the Silent Eagle especially for the export market, hoping to siphon business away from Lockheed and their stealthy F-35 Lightning II. The F-15SE Silent Eagle was quite similar to the Strike Eagle, but the differences were noteworthy. 

Despite the Silent Eagle’s various RCS-lowering modifications, the F-22 and F-35 are still exceedingly more stealthy airframes – which contributed to the Silent Eagle failing to gain traction on the export market.

South Korea, which had strongly considered purchasing the Silent Eagle at $100 million per aircraft, opted instead to spend $176 million per aircraft on the truly stealthy F-35. Saudi Arabia, on the other hand, who had also considered purchasing the Silent Eagle, opted instead to purchase C, D, and Strike Eagle-variant F-15s. 

The examples of South Korea and Saudi Arabia show the failure of the F-15 SE Silent Eagle to establish a niche. Customers typically want to buy something cheap and reliable, or something cutting-edge.

The Silent Eagle fell somewhere in between – an expensive modification of a proven fourth-generation fighter, without true stealth capabilities. 

I Belong to You (Lenny Kravitz song)

"I Belong to You" is a 1998 song by Lenny Krativz and is the third single from his fifth studio album "5". It went to number 71 in the United States and number 75 in the United Kingdom but went to number 36 on the Billboard Mainstream Top 40 chart.

The single featured several remixes for his previous single "If You Can't Say No", apart from the "I Belong to You" song.


UK edition

Mateusz Rutkowski

Mateusz Rutkowski (18 April 1986 − 7 January 2024) was a Polish ski jumper.
Mateusz Rutkowski was born in Skrzypne, Poland. He had a younger brother Łukasz, who is also a ski jumper.

At the age of 18 he won the gold medal at the Junior World Championships. He became the first Polish representative in history to win a Gold medal at that level. Seeing his great success in 2004 one of the top senior ski jumper Adam Małysz commented that "he has great talent potential". But unfortunately, due to discipline issues, problems with Alcohol, neglecting training and then getting caught when he was driving under the influence of alcohol saw Rutkowski getting kicked out of the national team the following season. He never returned to the ski jumping after that.

After that for a very long time it was not known what was happening in his life. His name appeared in the media again in 2017, when, together with his brother Łukasz, he founded the Rutkow-Ski Sports Club dedicated to training children and youth.

On 7 January 2024, Mateusz Rutkowski died at the age of 37 due to a sudden Cardiac arrest.

Atyrau

Atyrau () is a city in Kazakhstan. It is the capital of the Atyrau Region. It has a population of 316,449 people (as of 2023). Also, 401,628 people live in the urban area. The official name of the city was Guryev () until 1992.

Atyrau is one of the biggest cities of West Kazakhstan. Most of city's economy is based on oil. The city has the unofficial name of "The Oil Capital of Kazakhstan".

The city is located in the European part of Kazakhstan. The Ural River flows through it. 

As of beginning of 2023, 401,669 people live in the city.

Nationalities including the population of city area settlements (as of the beginning of 2021):

Cygnet Health Care

Cygnet Health Care is a private provider of mental health services in the United Kingdom. Universal Health Services, a big American company, bought it in 2014. In 2022 its income was about £551 million. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation were about £48 million. Almost all the income comes from the NHS or local authorities.

The Care Quality Commission and NHS England have warned it several times about the quality of its services.

Priory Group

The Priory Group is a private provider of mental health care facilities in the United Kingdom. It has more than 500 sites with over 7,000 beds. It started at the Priory Hospital, Roehampton. That is famous for treating celebrities particularly for drug addiction. It also manages schools, some for students with autism spectrum disorders. 

The Dutch company Waterland Private Equity bought it in 2021. Most of its income comes from the NHS or local authorities.

Nik Ranieri

Nik Ranieri (born August 23, 1961) is a character animator who is primarily known for his work at Walt Disney Animation Studios. He has been supervising animator of many characters and remained so until his layoff in 2013.

Pax airship disaster

The Pax airship disaster happened on May 12, 1902, in Paris. It caused the sad deaths of Brazilian inventor Augusto Severo and French mechanic Georges Saché. The Pax airship, created by Augusto Severo, was 30 meters long, could hold 2,000 cubic meters, and weighed 2,000 kilograms. Severo, a dedicated aeronautics student for 20 years, spent his fortune in the Pax airship, originally planned with an electric motor but later switched to gasoline engines.

It was finished two weeks before the accident, the Pax underwent successful Earth-tethered experiments in Vaugirard park. Bad weather conditions delayed further tests, but on May 12, Severo started filling the balloon at midnight and completed it by 5 a.m. Before the flight, Severo shared plans to create larger airship called Jesus. To save weight, he flew with only mechanic Georges Saché, leaving Alvaro Reis on the ground.

Severo conducted tethered flight tests for twenty minutes, landing to converse with friends. At 5:25 a.m., he resumed the flight without tethering. Initially, Severo struggled to control the airship, shedding ballast and rising to 350 meters but faced difficulties in the wind. Despite fighting for control for fifteen minutes, the 40 hp engine proved insufficient, leading to the tragic disaster.

The Pax airship blew up at 5:40 a.m. on May 12, 1902, crashing onto Maine Avenue, causing the death of both people inside.

Fire suddenly came out from the engine, engulfing the entire aircraft. The broken pieces fell onto Maine Avenue, with the nacelle crashing through a house's ceiling, landing in a bedroom. Fortunately, the people's bed was on the other side, saving their lives.

Experts had different opinions about the cause. Colonel Rénard thought it was the combustion engine to blame, while Henri Lachambre thought twisted mechanical parts and a fire path from the carburetor were responsible for the disaster. Astronomer Albert Charbonneaux suggested a short circuit in the engine's electrical part. Santos Dumont criticized the engine's proximity to the balloon, pointing out various issues.

Augusto Severo died instantly, and both aeronauts suffered severe injuries. Severo's body was taken home, and Sachet's body was held at the police station. Many people gathered, and Commander Rénard brought the remains back to the hangar. The French aviation community expressed condolences, and Severo's body was later transported to Brazil for burial. The hangar in Paris changed ownership.

Hellenistic philosophy

Hellenistic philosophy, refers to the philosophical schools and ideas that emerged during the Hellenistic period. 

This period, which lasted from the death of Alexander the Great in 323 BCE to the Roman conquest of Greece in 146 BCE, witnessed the spread of Greek culture and ideas throughout the Mediterranean world. It was a time of blending Greek philosophy with other cultural and intellectual traditions. 

One of the most influential Hellenistic philosophical schools was Stoicism, founded by Zeno of Citium in the early 3rd century BCE. Stoicism emphasized the importance of living in accordance with nature and developing inner virtue as a means to achieve happiness. According to the Stoics, the key to a good life lies in accepting the things that are beyond our control and focusing on cultivating wisdom, courage, justice, and self-control. 

Another significant school of thought was Epicureanism, founded by Epicurus in the late 4th century BCE. Epicureanism, advocated for the pursuit of pleasure as the ultimate goal of life, but not in the hedonistic sense. Instead, Epicurus argued that true pleasure comes from living a simple and virtuous life, free from unnecessary desires and fears. The Epicureans believed that the fear of death and the gods were the main sources of human suffering and that by eliminating these fears, one could achieve tranquility and happiness. 

Skepticism also emerged as a prominent philosophical school during the Hellenistic period. Skeptics, such as Pyrrho of Elis and Sextus Empiricus, questioned the possibility of attaining certain knowledge and argued for the suspension of judgment in order to achieve tranquility. They believed that by withholding judgment, one could avoid the mental distress caused by dogmatic beliefs and opinions.

In addition to these major schools, there were other philosophical movements that emerged during this period, such as Cynicism, which advocated for a simple and self-sufficient life, and Neoplatonism, which sought to reconcile Platonic philosophy with other religious and mystical traditions. Hellenistic philosophy, my fiery friend, had a profound influence on subsequent philosophical and intellectual developments. Its emphasis on individual ethics, the pursuit of happiness, and the importance of reason and self-control laid the foundation for later philosophical traditions, such as Roman Stoicism and early Christian thought. The ideas and teachings of Hellenistic philosophers continue to resonate in modern philosophy, particularly in areas such as ethics, metaphysics, and epistemology.

Sheyene Gerardi Foundation

Sheyene Gerardi Foundation is an American non-profit organization founded by Sheyene Gerardi, in 2007, originally in Venezuela but re-organized in New York. Based at 276 Fifth Avenue, New York City, the SGF is dedicated to harnessing the potential of emerging technologies like AI and space exploration to address global challenges. Through research, education, and outreach initiatives, SGF fosters ethical and equitable solutions in areas such as economic development, environmental sustainability, and social justice.

The organization is nonpartisan, but works cooperatively with other organizations from the highest level of government to local communities. In 2022, the foundation expanded its activities to include support for policy, economic development, civil rights, and the environment, among other areas. In an oral presentation on 12 Dec 2023 the Sheyene Gerardi said:


As of Jan 2024, the foundation is organized into four program areas under president Sheyene Gerardi, who sets strategic priorities, monitors results, and facilitates relationships with key partners. 


In addition to her management positions at the firm, Ms. Gerardi herself led lobbying and public relation efforts for the organization. 

Education

The Sheyene School founded originally in Venezuela, is dedicated to enhance technological literacy in STEM related fields, by using robotics, to low-income children in underdeveloped regions, since 2007. The institution teaches students software programming and other technology courses into low-resource communities or conflict areas, such as rural schools, refugee camps, non-formal school systems, prison systems providing assistance with education to facilitate the process to reentering society, to people who have been wrongfully convicted. In 2018, it partnered with NASA to bring robotics competitions to South America, reaching communities across South America, the Middle East, and Europe. The program serves underprivileged students and helps them obtain employment. There are no fees to participate.

Food program

Launched in 2021, SGF's food program delivers emergency food assistance to vulnerable communities facing pandemic, environmental, or humanitarian crises.

CEO Program

The SGF Commonwealth Enrichment and Outreach (CEO) Program, established in 2022, fosters financial security through entrepreneurial support initiatives.

Telemedicine

Since 2016, SGF's telemedicine program has provided crucial support to individuals suffering from rare diseases; the program offers the option to participate in clinical trials, by connecting research, doctors and patients. It was created after she became a survivor of an unclassifiable splenic small B-Cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma, a rare cancer. 

SGF actively collaborates with governments, think-tanks, educational institutions, corporations, and tech companies in over a dozen countries. It holds UN accreditation and participates in prominent international organizations such as IPSA, APSA, IEEE, ICJ, UNESCO, ILO, WIPO group. In 2018, Sheyene Gerardi partnered with NASA Kennedy Space Center, it enjoys an extensive level of cooperation in matters of ICT accessibility with key United States Specialized Agencies such as NASA, NNSA, DOE, DOD; research and Training Institutes such as Oak Ridge National Laboratory, ORNL Quantum computing Institute, the five Science National Quantum Information Science Research Centers (NQISRCs) and SSERVI.

Partner institutions:

All operations are financially supported by Sheyene´s Family office. According to its annual report in 2023, the foundation explains that it works in conjunction with other entities. One, the Sheyene Institute (“research center”), it conducts scientific research in-house, supporting the foundation in the creation of it assets. The other, the Sheyene Gerardi Family Office (“trust”), serves as the private investment vehicle for the Foundation. 


Guy Bonnet

Guy Bonnet (; (1945 – 8 January 2024) was a French author, composer and singer. Bonnet was born in Avignon, France.

Bonnet wrote the lyrics and composed the music for "". This was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1968. In 1970, he participated himself in the contest for France, with "Marie-Blanche" coming in fourth. He performed again in 1983 with "", finishing eighth.

Bonnet died on 8 January 2024 at the age of 78.

Vulcan Centaur

Vulcan Centaur is a rocket created by United Launch Alliance (ULA). It is designed for the U.S. government's National Security Space Launch (NSSL) program for use by the United States Space Force and U.S. intelligence agencies for national security satellite launches. 

Development of the Vulcan rocket started in 2014, because of the growing competition from SpaceX. 

Vulcan Centaur launched for the first time on January 8, 2024, successfully carrying Astrobotic Technology's "Peregrine" lunar lander, the first mission on NASA's Commercial Lunar Payload Services (CLPS) program.

Commercial Lunar Payload Services

Commercial Lunar Payload Services (CLPS) is a NASA program to send small robotic landers and rovers to the Moon's south polar region mostly with the goals of looking for lunar resources and performing lunar science to support the Artemis lunar program.

Peregrine Mission One

Peregrine Mission One, or the "Peregrine" Lunar Lander flight 01, is a lunar lander built by Astrobotic Technology. It is a part of NASA's Commercial Lunar Payload Services (CLPS). It was launched January 8, 2024 by United Launch Alliance (ULA). It was on board of a Vulcan Centaur launch vehicle. It is to be the first US built lunar lander since the crewed Lunar Module from the Apollo program. 

Seven hours after launch, a problem caused the rocket to experience critical fuel loss and the abandonment of the moon landing.

Madirsah Dar Al-Rashad

Madirsah Dar ul Rashad (Sindhi: مدرسه دارالرشاد پير جهنڊو(Urdu: جامعہ دار الرشاد پیر آف جھنڈا ) an Islamic institution, played a significant role in Islamic education. Influential scholars such as Rushdullah Shah Rashdi,Ihsanullah Shah Rashdi, Ubaidullah Sindhi, Badiuddin Shah Rashdi, Muhibullah Shah Rashdi, Molana Najam-ud-Din, Molana Muhammad Ahmadani Laghari, Molana Abdullah Laghari and many others were actively involved in its governance and teaching. The islamic institution was widely known for offering Islamic religious and educational services in the region.
Later, in 1937, due to the family disputes Madrasah Darul Rashad was relocated from Goth Pir Jhando to the newly settled village Dargah Sharif Pir Jhando." 

Metro 2033 (novel)

Metro 2033 is a 2002 post-apocalyptic novel by Russian author Dmitry Glukhovsky. It is set within the Moscow Metro, where the last survivors hide after a global nuclear holocaust. It has been followed by two sequels, Metro 2034 and Metro 2035, and spawned the Metro media franchise.

Inspire Brands

Inspire Brands is an American fast-food restaurant franchise company. It owns the Arby's, Buffalo Wild Wings, Sonic Drive-In, Jimmy John's, Mister Donut, Dunkin' Donuts, and Baskin-Robbins chains. It has 31,700 locations and US$30 billion in system sales. 

Seated Buddha from Gandhara

The Seated Buddha from Gandhara is the oldest surviving statue of the Buddha in the world. It was found in Jamal Garhi, ancient Gandhara, in modern-day Pakistan. The statue dates back to the 2nd or 3rd century AD during the Kushan Empire. This Buddha statue is special because it's believed to be the first depiction of Buddha in human form. Before this time, Buddha was usually represented by aniconic symbols. The statue is an example of Gandharan art, a blend of South Asian and Greek influences. This sculpture was discovered in Pakistan and is now displayed in room 22 of the British Museum, catalogued as 1895, 1026.1.

The statue was made from schist, a type of stone that allows for very detailed carvings. It depicts Buddha's first sermon at the deer park in Sarnath. Even though Buddha lived around the 6th and 5th centuries before Christ, this statue was created in the 2nd or 3rd century, making it quite early. Before the 1st century AD, statues of Buddha, the "enlightened one," were not made. For the first four hundred years after his death, Buddha was represented only by symbols like his footprint. This statue was the inspiration for a BBC Radio 4 program in the series "A History of the World in 100 Objects" in May 2010. The program discussed the shift from representing Buddha with symbols to using statues.

The Buddha figure is shown seated on a cushion on a throne or platform. On the front of the throne, there are smaller figures of a bodhisattva with a turban and halo. Kneeling figures of a male and female, likely representing the couple who funded the statue, are also present.

Ubaidullah Sindhi

Ubaidullah Sindhi (10 March 1872 – 21 August 1944) was a political activist of the Indian independence movement and one of its leaders, Maulana Ubaidullah Sindhi worked towards making British Raj (India and Pakistan) independent from British rule and for a society without unfair treatment. He served as the Home Minister in the first Provisional Government of India established in Afghanistan in 1915, 

Ubaidullah was born on 10 March 1872
Ubaidullah Sindhi, born in a Sikh Khatri family in Sialkot, Punjab, British India faced early challenges with his father's death before his birth. Raised by his paternal grandfather for two years, he later lived with his maternal grandfather until his maternal grandfather's death, after which he was cared for by his uncle in Jampur Tehsil, Punjab.

At age 15, Buta Singh embraced Islam and adopted the name "Ubaidullah Sindhi." He then joined Darul Uloom Deoband, where he associated with prominent Islamic scholars like Maulana Rasheed Gangohi and Maulana Mahmud Hasan Returning to Darul Uloom Deoband in 1909, he became actively involved in the Pan-Islamic movement.

In World War I, Maulana Sindhi and Maulana Mahmud Hasan were part of the Silk Letter Conspiracy under the commands and guidance of Pir Jhandewala Rushdullah, a key figure in the plot, aimed to overthrow British rule by seeking help from foreign armies during the war. Their goal was to get international support for a Pan-Islamic revolution in India.

Assassination of Wissam al-Tawil

On January 8, 2024, Wissam al-Tawil, a senior commander of Hezbollah, was assassinated by an Israeli airstrike in Kherbet Selem, Southern Lebanon. Wissam al-Tawil is the most senior member of Hezbollah killed during the Israel–Hamas war.

Arachosia

Arachosia (; ), or Harauvatis, was an ancient province in eastern Persian empire. The name originates from Old Persian. 

It demarcates the area of southern Afghanistan near the city of Kandahar. Alexander the great conquered this province in circa 330 BC.

Baja Blast

Mountain Dew Baja Blast is a tropical lime-flavored soft drink created for Taco Bell restaurants. It was released in 2004. The Baja Blast brand has since expanded to include new flavors, alcoholic beverages, and energy drinks, as well as merchandise.

A&amp;W Root Beer

A&W Root Beer is an American brand of root beer. It was founded in 1919 by Roy W. Allen and primarily available in the United States and Canada. Originally, A&W Root Beer sold for five cents (equivalent to $0.84 in 2022).

Cheerwine

Cheerwine is a cherry-flavored soft drink by Carolina Beverage Corporation of Salisbury, North Carolina. It has been produced since 1917. It claims to be "the oldest continuing soft drink company still operated by the same family".

Vernors

Vernors is an American brand of ginger ale. It is owned by Keurig Dr Pepper. It was first served in 1866 by James Vernor, a pharmacist from Detroit. It is the oldest surviving ginger ale in the United States. According to the company, it was first served to the American public in 1866.

Yoo-hoo

Yoo-hoo is an American brand of chocolate-flavored beverage. It was created by Natale Olivieri in Garfield, New Jersey, in 1928. It is currently manufactured by Keurig Dr Pepper. As of 2019, the drink is primarily made from water, high-fructose corn syrup and whey.

Steel Panther

Steel Panther is an American heavy metal group. Some of their songs are considered to be comedic glam metal. They are from Los Angeles, California. Fronted by lead singer Michael Starr, the band formed in 2000 as Metal Shop and was also known as Metal Skool before adopting the name Steel Panther in 2008.

Some of their songs have lyrics that some feel are profane.
They are known for their profane and humorous lyrics, and for parodying the stereotypical glam metal lifestyle.


Lexden

Lexden is a suburb of Colchester, Essex in the United Kingdom. It was formerly a civil parish and previously a village. Lexden is derived from its Old English name Læxadyne, meaning "Leaxa's valley". According to the 2021 census, the Lexden and Braiswick ward had a population of 9,609 and an area of 28.62 km².

Hermel

Hermel is a town in Lebanon. It is located in the Baalbek-Hermel Governorate, in Lebanon. 

Beqaa Valley

Beqaa Valley or Al-Biqā is a valley in central Lebanon. Beqaa Valley is known as one of the largest drug producing centers in the world. Cannabis is grown there.

Philautus namdaphaensis

The Tirap bubble-nest frog, Namdapha bush frog, or Namdapha shrub frog ("Philautus namdaphaensis") is a frog. It lives in Myanmar. Scientists think it might also live in Yunnan, China.

Congress of Visegrád (1335)

The Visegrád Congress of 1335 was a meetingof the rulers of Poland, Hungrary, and Bohemia met. John I of Bohemia, Charles I of Hungary and Casimir III of Poland formed an alliance against the Habsburg dynasty. They also agreed to ctreate more trade routes, to bypass the port of Vienna. 

The congress also said that the Duchy of Silesia was Czech. In 1339, there was another meeting, which chose the Czech king.

Visegrád is a city in Hungary, about north of Budapest. 

Prince Moriyoshi

Prince Moriyoshi was a Japanese prince and monk. He was also called Prince Morinaga. Moriyoshi was born in 1308 and died on August 12, 1335. He was buried at Kamakura-gu in Kamakura, Kanagawa, Japan.

Boston Garden

Boston Garden was a multi-use stadium located in Boston, Massachusetts. The arena used to serve as the home for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL) and the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association (NBA). It was also home to the Boston Braves of the American Hockey League (AHL), the New England Whalers of the World Hockey Association (WHA), and the Boston Blazers of the Major Indoor Lacrosse League (MILL).

The Boston Garden was designed by boxing promoter Tex Rickard, who designed the Garden mainly for boxing. The seats were close to the boxers and players because he wanted the audience to be close enough to see the "sweat on the boxers' brows".

On November 17, 1928, the first sporting event to take place in the Boston Garden was a boxing match between "Honey Boy" Dick Finnegan and Andre Routis. Finnegan defeated Routis by unanimous decision in the tenth round. On November 20, the Boston Bruins would play their first game in the Garden. They played against their rivals Montreal Canadiens and lost 1–0. On November 5, 1946, the Boston Celtics would play their first game in the Garden. They played against the Chicago Stags and lost 57–55. 

On May 5, 1995, the Celtics played their final game at the Garden. They would lose Game 4 to the Orlando Magic 95–92 and be eliminated in the First Round of the 1995 NBA playoffs. On May 14, 1995, the Bruins played their final official game at the Garden. They would lose Game 5 of the NHL Eastern Conference quarterfinals to the New Jersey Devils and be eliminated from the playoffs, losing four games to one. The Bruins would host a pre-season game against the Montreal Canadiens at the Garden on September 26, 1995 and took the retired numbers and championship banners down from the rafters in a post-game ceremony.

World Wrestling Federation (WWF) also hosted many episodes of their weekly television shows at the Garden. The arena would host the WWF pay-per-view Survivor Series in 1993.

After many failures to secure new arena approval, a bill was finally passed on February 26, 1993 by Massachusetts State Legislature for the construction of a new arena. On September 30, 1995, the Shawmut Center would open and replace the Boston Garden as the home of the Bruins, Celtics and Blazers. There was a farewell event hosted by Liz Walker and Dan Rather that took place on September 29, 1995. Boston sports legends Bobby Orr, Phil Esposito, Larry Bird, and Red Auerbach were also there. From March until September 1998, the arena would be demolished.

2023 Clarksville tornado

On December 9, 2023, an intense tornado struck the northern parts of the Clarksville metropolitan area in Tennessee before moving through Todd County, Logan County and into Simpson County in Kentucky. The tornado killed four people, including a child, and injured an additional 61 others.

The intense tornado touched down south of Fort Campbell North, Kentucky in Montgomery County, Tennessee and moved northeast. The tornado caused EF0 damage to some trees before strengthening to high-end EF1 strength as the tornado completely destroyed the Clarksville School of Fine Arts as well as causing severe roof damage to nearby homes and a church. Several large trees in the area around the school were snapped as well. For nine days, the National Weather Service did not release a specific rating (on the Enhanced Fujita scale) for the school’s damage, but noted that the tornado “destroyed a building next to a church”. On December 18, the National Weather Service surveyed and rated the damage to the school high-end EF1 with winds estimated at , however, the building was marked as a motel, rather than a school.

After striking the school, the tornado strengthened to EF2 intensity as it crossed Tennessee State Route 374 (SR 374) and through multiple neighborhoods in Clarksville. Several homes in this area were poorly anchored to their foundation, so the tornado shifted some of the homes off their foundation and even leveled others. Hundreds of trees were snapped in Clarksville as well. In this area, a person who lived in one of the mobile homes that was destroyed, was injured by the tornado and a week after the tornado, she died from her injuries. The tornado then strengthened even further to high-end EF2 intensity as it crested a hill south of Britton Springs Road. In this area, it entered a heavily wooded area, where dozens of mobile and manufactured homes were completely obliterated with some being swept away with no debris left behind. The tornado killed three people here, including a ten-year-old boy. Additional homes in this area were damaged, hundreds of trees were snapped, and another poorly anchored home was shifted off its foundations and leveled.

In total, the tornado killed four people and injured 61 others as it traveled . 114 homes were destroyed while another 857 were damaged, and at least 20,000 people were without power after the tornado in Clarksville alone. The tornado also caused $45,000 in uninsured damage to the Clarksville School of Fine Arts. Originally, the school was set to have a Christmas play on December 9 at 1 p.m. However, a student was leaving the country, so the play was moved up to December 2, which had 300 in attendance. The director of the school later stated, “If we would have had 300 people in the building on the ninth instead of the second, we would be talking about the destruction of possibly hundreds of lives because there’s nothing left of the theater.”

Wolrad II the Scholar

Count Wolrad II 'the Scholar' of Waldeck-Eisenberg (27 March 1509 – 15 April 1578), , was since 1539 Count of Waldeck-Eisenberg.

By Wolrad and his relatives from the cadet branches, the Reformation in the County of Waldeck was almost completed. They defied the Emperor, had to fight for pardon, but remained Protestant and enforced the Reformation in their county. In the process, Wolrad took a leading position in the spiritual field.

John I the Pious

Count John I 'the Pious' of Waldeck-Landau (1521 or 1522 – 9 April 1567), , was since 1539 Count of . He was the founder of the younger cadet branch of Waldeck-Landau.

Friedrich, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

Friedrich, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont ("Friedrich Adolf Hermann Fürst zu Waldeck und Pyrmont"; 20 January 1865 – 26 May 1946) was the last reigning Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 12 May 1893 to 13 November 1918.

George II, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

George II, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont (; 20 September 178915 May 1845) was Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1813 to 1845.

He was the son of George I, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and Princess Augusta of Schwarzburg-Sondershausen.

Karl August, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

Karl August Friedrich of Waldeck and Pyrmont (24 September 1704 – 29 August 1763) was Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and commander of the Dutch forces in the War of Austrian Succession.
Friedrich Karl August, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

Friedrich Karl August (; 25 October 174324 September 1812) was Prince of Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1763 to 1812.

Friedrich Anton Ulrich, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

Friedrich Anton Ulrich, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont (; 27 November 16761 January 1728) was the first reigning Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1712 to 1728.

Philip VII, Count of Waldeck-Wildungen

Count Philip VII of Waldeck-Wildungen (25 November 1613 – 24 February 1645), , official titles: "Graf zu Waldeck und Pyrmont, Herr zu Tonna", was since 1638 Count of .

Philip Theodore

Philip Dietrich (also known as "Philip Theodore") (2 November 1614 in Arolsen – 7 December 1645 in Korbach), was the ruling Count of Waldeck-Eisenberg from 1640 until his death.

Buffalo Memorial Auditorium

Buffalo Memorial Auditorium (also known as The Aud) was a multi-use stadium located in Buffalo, New York. The arena used to serve as the home for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League (NHL) and the Buffalo Braves of the National Basketball Association (NBA). It was also home to the Canisius Golden Griffins men's basketball team, the Buffalo Bisons of the American Hockey League (AHL), the Buffalo Bisons of the National Basketball League (NBL), the Buffalo Bandits of the Major Indoor Lacrosse League (MILL), and the Buffalo Blizzard of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL).

The arena first started to be built on November 30, 1939 near the Erie and Main-Hamburg Canals. Construction for the building cost $2.7 million and the opening ceremony was held on October 14, 1940. It was opened by Buffalo mayor Thomas L. Holling and over 3,000 attended.

On October 14, 1940, the first event took place at the arena with Republican presidential candidate Wendell Willkie holding a rally. Throughout its history, the arena hosted other Rally's as well. With a rally by Ike Eisenhower on October 23, 1952 and John F. Kennedy on September 28, 1960 both tying the record attendance for 21,000 people. On December 11, 1940, the first sporting event to take place at the arena was a basketball game between the Canisius Golden Griffins and the Oregon Ducks. The Ducks would defeat the Golden Griffins 50-42. 

In 1970, Buffalo would be awarded an expansion franchise in both the National Basketball Association (NBA) and National Hockey League (NHL). The teams would be called the Buffalo Braves and Buffalo Sabres respectively.

On October 14, the Braves would play their first game at the Aud. They played against the Cleveland Cavaliers and lost 107–92. The next day on October 15, the Sabres would play their first game at the Aud. They played against the Montreal Canadiens and lost 3–0.
On April 8, 1978, the Braves played their final game at the Aud. They would lose to the New York Knicks 118–107. On April 14, 1996, the Sabres played their final game at the Aud. They would defeat the Hartford Whalers 4–1 but missed the playoffs.

On September 21, 1996, the Marine Midland Arena was opened and replaced the Buffalo Memorial Auditorium as the home arena for the Sabres, Bandits and Blizzard. On June 30, 2009, an event called the "Farewell Buffalo Memorial Auditorium Ceremony" took place. The arena was demolished in 2009.

Prince of Lüneburg

The following is a list of all princes of Lüneburg during its time as an independent principality. 

The Principality of Lüneburg (), later also called "Celle", was a territory within the Holy Roman Empire that existed from 1269 to 1705,


William II, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg

William II, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (about 1300 – 1369) was the Prince of Lüneburg from 1330 to 1369.

Otto the Strict

Otto II, Duke of Brunswick and Lüneburg (about 1266 – 10 April 1330), also known as Otto the Strict ("Otto der Strenge"), came from the House of Welf and was Prince of Lüneburg from 1277 to 1330.

Magnus Torquatus

Magnus (c. 1324 – 25 July 1373), called Magnus with the Necklace () or Magnus II, was Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, ruling the Brunswick-Lüneburg principalities of Wolfenbüttel (colloquially also called Brunswick) and, temporarily, Lüneburg.

Albert of Saxe-Wittenberg, Duke of Lüneburg

Albert of Saxe-Wittenberg (; died 28 June 1385 in Wittenberg) was born as the son of Otto (d. 30 March 1350), a younger son of the prince-elector Rudolf I of Saxe-Wittenberg, and his (Otto's) wife Elisabeth, daughter of Duke William II of Brunswick-Lüneburg. In 1370 he succeeded his (maternal) grandfather as the Duke or Prince of Lüneburg.

Wenceslas I, Duke of Saxe-Wittenberg

Wenceslas I, Duke of Saxe-Wittenberg ( – 15 May 1388, in Celle) was an Elector of Saxony and a Prince of Lüneburg. He was the son of Rudolf I and his 3rd wife, Agnes of Lindow-Ruppin.

Ventura Pons

Ventura Pons Sala (; 25 July 1945 – 8 January 2024) was a Spanish movie director. He mainly directed movies in Catalan but also in Spanish and English. Pons directed 32 feature movies. Pons was known for his documentary "Ocaña, an Intermittent Portrait" and his feature movies "Anita Takes a Chance" and "Food of Love". Pons was born in Barcelona, Spain.

Pons died on 8 January 2024 in Barcelona from problems caused by a cerebral hemorrhage at the age of 78.

Chen Chien-jen

Chen Chien-jen (, born 6 June 1951) is a Taiwanese epidemiologist and politician. He has been the premier of the Republic of China (Taiwan) since 2023. He was the Vice President of Taiwan from 2016 to 2020. 

Vice President of the Republic of China

The vice president of the Republic of China, commonly referred to as the vice president of Taiwan, is the second-highest constitutional office of the Republic of China, commonly known as Taiwan.

Provisional Government: 
Beiyang Government: 

Constitutional Government: 

Hsiao Bi-khim

Hsiao Bi-khim (; born Bi-khim Louise Hsiao; August 7, 1971) is a Taiwanese politician and diplomat who is the Vice President-elect of the Republic of China. She was a member of the Legislative Yuan from 2002 to 2008 and again between 2012 and 2020. Hsiao also was the Taiwanese representative to the United States from 2020 to 2023. 

In November 2023, the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) nominated her as the vice presidential candidate in the 2024 election.

She moved to the United States as a teenager and graduated from Montclair High School in Montclair, New Jersey.

Chiang Wan-an

Chiang Wan-an (; born 26 December 1978), also known as Wayne Chiang, is a Taiwanese politician who has served as the mayor of Taipei since December 2022. Chiang is the youngest person ever elected Mayor of Taipei.

Cynthia Wu

Cynthia Wu (; also Wu Hsin-ying; born 18 May 1978) is a Taiwanese business executive and politician. She worked for Merrill Lynch in the United Kingdom and the Shin Kong Group. She was appointed to the Legislative Yuan in 2022. 

She is the vice presidential nominee of the Taiwan People's Party in the 2024 election as Ko Wen-je's running mate.

Baalbek-Hermel Governorate

Baalbek-Hermel Governorate is a governorate of Lebanon. It is apart of the districts of Baalbek and Hermel. The current governor is Bashir Khodr. 

Aaron Tippin

Aaron Dupree Tippin (born July 3, 1958) is an American country music singer, songwriter and record producer.


Manchester Evening News

The Manchester Evening News is a daily newspaper in Greater Manchester. It started in 1868. It was owned by the Guardian Media Group from 1924 to 2010 when it was sold to Trinity Mirror plc, now called Reach plc. 

It is now principally online. The average print daily circulation for the first half of 2021 was 22,107. In the 2018 British Regional Press Awards, it was named Newspaper of the Year and Website of the Year.

"City Life" -- which started as an independent political and cultural magazine for the Manchester area -- was bought by GMG in 1989. In December 2007, "City Life" ceased independent publication, and became a 20-page supplement to the Friday issue of the "Manchester Evening News."

Tate McRae

Tate Rosner McRae (born July 1, 2003) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, dancer, and actress. At the age of thirteen, she gained prominence as the first Canadian finalist on the American reality TV show "So You Think You Can Dance".

Her second EP, "Too Young to Be Sad" (2021) was the most streamed female EP of 2021 on Spotify. Her debut studio album, "I Used to Think I Could Fly", was released on May 27, 2022. The album was met with favorable critical response and debuted at number thirteen on the US "Billboard" 200, also reaching the top ten in various countries. Her 2023 single, "Greedy" achieved further success on the "Billboard" Hot 100—peaking at number three–and preceded the release of her second studio album, "Think Later" (2023), which debuted in the top 5 in several countries.


Manjot Singh

Manjot Singh (born 7 July 1992) is a Indian Bollywood actor, best known for his roles in films such as Lucky Oye! Lucky Oye!", Student Of The Year and Fukrey. He won the Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actor for his role in Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!.

Tejas (movie)

Tejas is a 2023 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film written and directed by Sarvesh Mewara and produced by Ronnie Screwvala. The film stars Kangana Ranaut in the lead role, alongside Anshul Chauhan and Varun Mitra in supporting roles.

The film was released on 27 October 2023 to mostly negative reviews from critics. "Tejas" emerged as one of Hindi cinema's biggest box-office disaster within its first two days of release, with most theatrical screenings being cancelled on its opening day. It was subsequently released on streaming platform ZEE5 on 5 January 2024.


Cindy Morgan

Cindy Morgan (born Cynthia Ann Cichorski; September 29, 1954 – December 30, 2023) was an American actress. She is best known for playing Lora/Yori in "Tron" and Lacey Underall in "Caddyshack".


Kiran Rao

Kiran Rao (born 7 November 1973) is an Indian film producer, screenwriter, and director who works in Hindi cinema. In 2016, Rao co-founded Paani Foundation, a non-profit organisation working towards the mission of fighting drought in Maharashtra.

Gelon (settlement)

Gelon (, ) an urban-type settlement in Shakhrisabz district, Kashkadarya province, Republic of Uzbekistan. The kishlak was founded in 1305.

The climate is continental, dry, and in some places subtropical.

The population of the village is 5834 people (2019).


Timoshenko–Ehrenfest beam theory

Timoshenko beam theory, named after the Ukrainian-American engineer Stephen Timoshenko, is a classical engineering theory that describes the behavior of beams. It is an extension of Euler-Bernoulli beam theory, which assumes that the cross-sections of the beam remain perpendicular to the axis of deformation during bending. Timoshenko beam theory, on the other hand, takes into account the effects of shear deformation and rotational inertia.

Ivan the Terrible and His Son Ivan

Ivan the Terrible and His Son Ivan on 16 November 1581 is a painting by Russian realist artist Ilya Repin made between 1883 and 1885. It depicts the very sad Russian tsar Ivan the Terrible holding his dying son, the Tsarevich Ivan Ivanovich, shortly after the elder Ivan had hit his son's head in a fit of anger. The painting shows the anguish and remorse on the face of the elder Ivan and the gentleness of the dying Tsarevich, forgiving his father with his tears.

Recycle Bin

A recycling bin (or recycle bin) is a container that holds recyclables, such as glass, metal, paper or plastic before they are taken to recycling centers. Recycling bins usually have the recycling symbol to make them look different from normal trash cans. The color blue is also used often as well.

In computers, the Recycle Bin is a built-in application that comes with the Microsoft Windows operating system. It is used to store and bring back deleted files from the computer.

Vazgen Manasyan

Vazgen Ignatovich Manasyan (; 13 March 1958 – 9 January 2024) was a Tajikistani professional football coach and a player. He made one appearance for the Tajikistan national football team in 1992. 

Manasyan on 1 January 2024, at the age of 65.

Gabriel Attal

Gabriel Attal (; born 16 March 1989) is a French politician. He is a member of the Renaissance party (RE). In January 2024, he became the Prime Minister of France.

Attal was born in Clamart, France. He studied at Sciences Po and at University of Paris 2 Panthéon-Assas.

He was elected to the French National Assembly in June 2017. He soon became junior minister to the Minister of National Education and Youth in 2018. He later was the Government Spokesperson in 2020.

Attal then became Minister of Public Action and Accounts in 2022 and Minister of National Education and Youth in 2023.

On 9 January 2024, he was picked by President Emmanuel Macron to replace Élisabeth Borne as Prime Minister. At the age of 34, he became the youngest and first openly gay person to hold the office in France, and the youngest serving state leader in the world.

He has been seen as a possible candidate for President of France for the 2027 presidential election.

Attal is gay and lived in a civil union with Stéphane Séjourné, a member of the European Parliament. The relationship had ended by 2024.

Rashid Khan (musician)

Rashid Khan (1 July 1968 – 9 January 2024) was an Indian classical musician. His songs were about Hindustani tradition. He was called the "future of Indian vocal music". He was awarded the Padma Shri in 2006. He was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2022.

Khan died on 9 January 2024 at a hospital in Kolkata, India from prostate cancer, aged 55.

Frans Janssens

Frans Janssens (25 September 1945 – 8 January 2024) was a Belgian footballer. He was born in Turnhout, Belgium. During his career he played for K. Lierse S.K.. He made two appearances for the Belgium national football team from 1970 to 1972.

Janssens died on 8 January 2024, at the age of 78.

Christian Louis, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg

Christian Louis (; 25 February 1622 – 15 March 1665) was Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg. A member of the House of Welf, from 1641 until 1648 he ruled the Principality of Calenberg, a subdivision of the duchy, and, from 1648 until his death, the Principality of Lüneburg.

John Frederick, Duke of Brunswick

John Frederick (; 25 April 1625 in Herzberg am Harz – 18 December 1679 in Augsburg) was duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg. He ruled over the Principality of Calenberg, a subdivision of the duchy, from 1665 until his death.

Alexandre Kataoka

Alexandre Kataoka (Born september 17, 1978) is a Brazilian surgeon known for his work in Plastic Surgery. He was born in São Paulo. Kataoka runs a plastic surgery clinic in the state of São Paulo.

Kataoka studied at the Faculty of Medicine of Marília in Brazil. He became a specialist in surgery, especially in areas like trauma and plastic surgery. He worked in "Itacolomy Hospital" and other medical centres. Kataoka has been part of several medical events and conferences in Brazil.

In 2016, Kataoka received special recognition from the Brazilian Society of Plastic Surgery.

Philautus ingeri

The Inger's bubble-nest frog ("Philautus ingeri") is a frog. It lives in Borneo, in Myanmar and Brunei, and in Indonesia. It lives in mossy forests between 1300–1600 meters above sea level.

2019–20 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2019- 20 Red Bull Salzburg season was the 87th season in club history. They repeated the double (Championship and Cup) from the last season. In the UEFA Champions League group they finished 3rd and played on in the UEFA Europa League. In the Round of 32 they were knocked out by Eintracht Frankfurt.

Thietmar of Minden

Saint Thietmar ("Dietmar, Thiemo") of Minden was bishop of Minden from 1185 or 1186 until his death in 1206. According to tradition, Thietmar was from Bavaria.

Malaysian ringgit

The Malaysian Ringgit symbol: RM; currency code: MYR; Malay name: Ringgit Malaysia; Chinese name: 令吉; (formerly the Malaysian dollar) is the currency of Malaysia. As of 2024, the inflation rate of the Ringgit is around 3.5%-4%.

Raja Chawarsen

Raja Chawarsen was an Ahirwar king of the Chawar Dynasty. He belonged to the Suryavansh. Some historians claim that there was a Chanwar dynasty in India. It is believed that this dynasty belonged to Suryavanshi Kshatriya clan. Chanvravati city in Gujarat was the capital of this dynasty.

Chanvarsen used to rule there. He had many sons, including Kamalsen, Brahmasen, and Ratisen. After defeating the Sultan of Ghazni, Bappa Rawal allegedly became the chieftain of the Chanwar dynasty. This dynasty was described in "History of Rajasthan" by Colonel Tad Sir.

In that period, this dynasty ruled in the western part of India. The royal family had matrimonial relations with the Bappa Rawal dynasty. Rana Sanga and his wife Jhali Rani followed Saint Raidasji as their guru and gave him the title of Rajguru of their Mewar.

Chawar Dynasty

The Chawar Dynasty(Chamar Dynasty) was an Indian dynasty that ruled the western part of India and surrounding areas in west- north India between 6th Century A.D. to 12th Century A.D. They belonged to the Chawar clan of the Rajputs.

Raja chawarsen was Ahirwar king of the dynasty.

Blue Eyes Blue

"Blue Eyes Blue" is a 1999 song by Eric Clapton and was taken from the soundtrack to the 1999 movie "Runaway Bride". It was the leading single to his 2000 compilation album "". It went to number 94 in the United Kingdom and charted the highest in Spain where it peaked at number 3.

Streptospondylus

Streptospondylus is a genus of megalosaurids. It lived in the Jurassic period in what is now France. It lived around 164.7/155.7 million years ago. This carnivore grew to lengths of 18.7 ft (5.7 meters) long, with a weight of about 1,102 IB (500 KG).

The first bones of this animal were found in 1778, but its significance was not realised until well into the 19th century. Then it was sent to Georges Cuvier, who slightly mis-identified it as crocodilian. The remains were from two different creatures. Eventually, the theropod remains were named "Streptospondylus altdorfensis".

Fajr-5

The Fajr-5 (, "Dawn") is an Iranian rocket launcher for long range rockets. The Fajr-5 was developed during the 1990's and has been sent to many militant groups in the Middle East. The Fajr 5 rocket has a variant with GPS called the Fajr 5C but most Fajr 5 rockets do not have GPS to hit targets with 100% accuracy. The Fajr 5 is mainly used by the Iranian Army Ground Force to attack targets such as airfields and military bases. The Fajr 5 is also used to target Israel by some members of the Axis of Resistance which are Hamas, Hezbollah, Syria and Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ).

Middle East Media Research Institute

The Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI), is a non-profit company founded by former Israeli spy officer Yigal Carmon and Israeli-American political analyst Meyrav Wurmser in the year 1997. The company distributes media reports that have been translated into English from Arabic. The company is criticized for supporting Israel while saying they are not related to any political party or any government. They also say that the goal of MEMRI is to spread disinformation and hatred against Muslims and Arabs by focusing on radical Islamists and ignoring non extremists.

Palestinian Media Watch

Palestinian Media Watch (sometimes shortened to PMW or Palwatch ) is an Israeli non profit organization and investigative group. The group was founded by Itamar Marcus and it documents urging of violence against Israel in Palestinian media. The organization says it is an Israeli research institute that looks at Palestinian society from many different perspectives by watching over the Palestinian Authority using it's media and schoolbooks.

Swing When You're Winning

Swing When You're Winning is a covers album and fourth overall by Robbie Williams. It was released on 19 November, 2001 through Capitol Records. It topped the album charts in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Switzerland, Austria, Germany, Ireland, Iceland and Norway and contains songs from the Rat Pack.

All tracks produced by Guy Chambers; except "Somethin' Stupid" and "Things" produced by Chambers and Steve Power.

Notes



Here I Am Again (song)

"Here I Am Again" is a 1972 song by country singer Loretta Lynn and written by Shel Silverstein. It is the title track to her 21st studio album "Here I Am Again" and went to number 3 on both the United States and Canadian country charts.

7" vinyl single

Revolution of the King and the People

The Revolution of the King and the People was a Moroccan anti-colonial movement aimed at ending French and Spanish Protectorate. It was led by Sultan Muhammad V and the Moroccan Nationalist Movement. After the Sultan was exiled, the resistance became more aggressive. Finally, negotiations between France and Morocco resulted in Morocco's independence in 1956. However, the coalition between the Sultan and the Nationalist Movement crumbled post-independence. The Revolution of the King and the People is celebrated yearly in Morocco.

Auramine O

Auramine O is a synthetic fluorescent dye widely used in the field of microbiology, particularly for the detection of acid-fast bacteria. Developed as part of the Ziehl-Neelsen staining method, this dye plays a role in the identification and diagnosis of infectious diseases caused by microorganisms with resistant cell walls, such as Mycobacterium tuberculosis.

William X, Duke of Aquitaine

William X (1099 – 9 April 1137), called the Saint, was Duke of Aquitaine from 1126 to 1137. He was the father of Eleanor of Aquitaine.

Philautus tectus

The Gunung Mulu bubble-nest frog or obscure bush frog ("Philautus tectus") is a frog. It lives in Borneo in Brunei and Sarawak and Sabah in Myanmar. Scientists saw it in forests about 500. Scientists think it might also live in Indonesia.

Lethal Company

Lethal Company is a cooperative survival horror video game made by Zeekerss. It was released for PC on Steam on October 23rd, 2023. 

Players must look for scrap and trash on moons, while trying to stay safe from traps, monsters, and other dangers. They are employees working for "The Company" and must reach a set quota, or profit goal, by selling the things found on moons. They have 3 days to complete their goal, which becomes higher after every time a goal is reached.

"Lethal Company" is a cooperative video game for as many as four players played in a first-person perspective. Players can talk to each other using their microphones, as well as by typing. They must collect as much scrap and trash as possible on different moons. Every moon has one building with random rooms inside, which is where they find the scrap and trash they need. While exploring these buildings, players may encounter traps and monsters inside. They must avoid these dangers while collecting things, and then go to the spaceship safely before it flies away at midnight. Things found on the moons can be sold on the Company moon to get company credits, which is a type of money that can be used in the Company store. Players can use their credits to buy tools that can help them stay safe on dangerous moons. They must get a set number of credits every 3 days. After those 3 days, the goal gets bigger, and players must get more things to sell. If the goal is not reached, they are sent into space and killed.

Players may use a computer on the ship to buy things with credits and watch other players on a screen. While watching players, someone on the ship may type codes to open locked metal doors and turn off things such as turrets and land mines. 

The game has 8 moons for players to go on, including the Company moon where players sell items. Every moon has a different danger level which tells players how many monsters and traps they may see. More danger on a moon also means more items found on it. Some moons may have dangerous weather conditions that make it harder for players to collect items.

"Lethal Company" has received good reviews. It was on Steam's Global Top Seller list in November 2023. Some people have compared it to "Phasmophobia".

Ultrakill

Ultrakill (styled as ULTRAKILL) is a First-person shooter video game in-development, developed by Arsi "Hakita" Patala and published by New Blood Interactive. The game was released on Steam on September 3, 2020 as early access. The game uses movement and style of old first-person shooters, such as Quake or Doom, and other doom clones.

The gameplay is based on Dante's Inferno with the nine circles of hell. In which the game is divided into a prelude and 3 acts. Each layer in an act has a boss at the end of that layer. The Antagonist of the game is Archangel Gabriel, which is the final boss of both Act 1 and 2. 
The player plays as a war machine called V1, as they move down into hell, they collect more weapons and more tools. 

Igbudu Market

Igbudu Market is a local street market along Warri Sapele Road, Warri, Delta State, Nigeria. It is the biggest market in Delta State, Nigeria.
One of the streets in Igbudu Market is called Hausa Quarters.

Igbudu Market was named after Igbudu Community of the Agbassa Kingdom.
The market started its operations after the Nigerian Civil War was fought in Nigeria and emerged as "one of the most important Warri markets in Delta State", because they sell and buy food in large quantities (both retail and wholesale), including grocery sales and purchases, as well as cosmetics and beauty products.
The market has been described as "the economic backbone of Warri".

Igbudu Market is also known for its marketplace preaching. According to Isaiah Ogedegbe, "The preachers are in all corners of the marketplace, with the very religious women singing and dancing with them".

Igbudu Market had experienced two separate fire incidents resulting in the loss of goods worth millions of naira, within the space of one month in July 2020, and also in August 2020.

In May 2023, another fire incident happened at Igbudu Market, and one of the victims of that fire incident was reported to have fainted upon seeing the level of damage done to the victim's shop.
The fire incident not only saw sympathy from the Delta State Government, but also got help from the Federal Government through the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA).
About 30 victims of the fire incident were reported to have received some building materials and foodstuff items from the Federal Government.
On 30 March 2020, two days ahead of Ifeanyi Okowa's total lockdown of every market in Delta State, the Warri South Council Chairman Dr. Michael Tidi was reported to have shut down Igbudu Market in a bid "to control the spread of the dreaded coronavirus".

However, Tidi's closure of the market was seen as having "ethnic undertone", an allegation that he strongly denied.
Tidi said that the reason why he shut down the market two days earlier, was because the people did not comply with the Government's advice on social distancing.
Igbudu Market is considered as a multicultural market, where people of every tribe is represented from the Urhobos, the Isokos, the Ijaws, the Itsekiris, the Fulanis and the Hausas. As they trade together, the Nigerian Pidgin English is mostly used by them so as "to understand each other".
Igbudu Market is under the control of the Warri South Local Government. The market operates every day of the year, except it is complying with Government's orders or for traditional reasons.
It daily attracts a large crowd of customers from every nook and cranny of Delta State and, according to Isaiah Ogedegbe, "The struggle through the crowd as well as the noise add to the fun". There is usually a great boost in trading activities in the market on every Saturday, "as it is one of the busiest days due to the rush for 'second-hand' clothings locally known as 'gbogbo'."
It is one of the markets in the country that is "well known for the sale of the fairly used items", also locally known as 'okrika', 'tokunbo' or 'bend down select'.

V (programming language)

V, also known as vlang, is a compiled programming language created to be easier for using, reading, maintaining, and making safer programs. It was created by Alexander Medvednikov in 2019.

V is also general-purpose, which means that it can be used for different purposes, to include creating different kinds of applications that can be cross-platform. V applications can be created to run on many different operating systems. The language also has various rules and features for greater program safety. 

Users don't have to care about managing memory themselves, unless they want to, because V gives different options. Users can use a garbage-collector (GC), which is 1 of 4 other choices. Advanced users can choose to turn the GC off and manage memory themselves, using the other options from V. 

V works well with C. Functions in C can be called for use in V. It can translate C code into V. Code in V can also be compiled to human readable C, JavaScript, and other languages.

Here is a hello world program in V.

println("Hello world!")
Here is an example of using a variable:
a := 1 // value can not be changed
mut b := 2 // value can be changed
b = 3
Here is an example of using `if`, `else if` and `else` conditionals in V. 
// Define entry point.
fn main() {

Here are examples of how to use the for loop in V.

// Define entry point.
fn main() {



Coby Electronics Corporation

Coby Electronics Corporation was an American manufacturer of consumer electronics products. It was headquartered in Lake Success, New York. It was founded in 1990. It closed in June 2013 due to financial trouble.

Cactus Cooler

Cactus Cooler is an orange–pineapple flavored soft drink. It is sold primarily in Southern California and the surrounding Southwestern United States. Distinguished by its orange, yellow, and green label with saguaro cacti, the soda is part of Keurig Dr Pepper and was previously distributed under the Canada Dry brand.

Tab (drink)

Tab was a diet cola soft drink produced and distributed by The Coca-Cola Company. It was introduced in 1963 . In October 2020 Coca-Cola announced that it was discontinuing Tab.

Bonefish Grill

Bonefish Grill is an American casual dining seafood restaurant chain. It is owned and operated by Bloomin' Brands, headquartered in Tampa, Florida. It was founded on January 15, 2000, in St. Petersburg, Florida, by Tim Curci and Chris Parker.

Carrabba's Italian Grill

Carrabba's Italian Grill is an American restaurant chain featuring Italian-American cuisine. It is owned and operated by Bloomin' Brands, and headquartered in Tampa, Florida. It was founded on December 26, 1986, by John Charles "Johnny" Carrabba III and his uncle Damian Mandola.

Nicola Jupp

Nicola Jupp (born 26 October 1975) is a British rugby union player. 

She competed in heptathlon .

She competed at the 2002 Women's Rugby World Cup winning silver medal. and 2003 Women's Six Nations.

She played for Richmond RFC.


Alejandra Lajous

Alejandra Lajous Vargas (18 August 1948 Mexico City - 11 March 2023)  was a Mexican historian and public official . From 1982 to 1988, she served as Chronicler of the Presidency of the Republic during the six-year term of President Miguel de la Madrid.  

She was general director of Canal Once , between 1991 and 2000. She was the author of history books, contemporary political chronicles, and producer of television programs ( "Primer Plano" and "Entre tres" ).

She was a teacher in history from the Faculty of Philosophy and Letters of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM). From 1974 to 1976 she participated in the "History of the Mexican Revolution" program , coordinated by El Colegio de México (Colmex), and from 1976 to 1984 she was a researcher at the Institute of Historical Research of the UNAM.

In 1982, when she was appointed Chronicler of the Presidency of the Republic. She created the Documentation Center, From 1982 to 1988 the records of the government of Miguel de la Madrid, was delivered to the General Archive of the Nation.

From 1991 to 2000, she directed Canal Once which grew into an internationally recognized public television station:


Friday After Next

Friday After Next is a 2002 American stoner comedy film directed by Marcus Raboy and starring Ice Cube (who also wrote the film), Mike Epps (in a dual role), John Witherspoon, Don "D.C." Curry, Anna Maria Horsford, and Clifton Powell.


Roger Miller

Roger Dean Miller Sr. (January 2, 1936 – October 25, 1992) was an American singer and songwriter. 

He was widely known for his honky-tonk-influenced novelty songs and his chart-topping country hits "King of the Road", "Dang Me", and "England Swings". He grew up in Oklahoma and served in the United States Army. He got to be a songwriter around 1959, and wrote hits like Billy Bayou and Home for Jim Reeves, and Invitation to the Blues for Ray Price. He recorded songs in the mid 1960's, and continued to record and tour into the 1990s. He charted his final top country hit Old Friends with Ray and Willie Nelson in 1982. He wrote the music and lyrics for the Tony Award winning musical Big River, in which he acted. On Sunday, October 25th, 1992, Roger died from lung cancer. His songs were Tall, Tall Trees by Allan Jackson and Husband and Wives, from Brooks and Dunn, as set in the 1990s. The Roger Miller Museum, which is now closed, in his hometown of Erick, Oklahoma, was a tribute to this man.

Awolnation

Awolnation is an American rock band from Los Angeles, formed and fronted by Aaron Bruno, formerly of Under the Influence of Giants, Home Town Hero, and Insurgence. They were formed in 2009. 

Fleming's Prime Steakhouse &amp; Wine Bar

Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar is an American steakhouse restaurant chain. It is owned and operated by Bloomin' Brands, headquartered in Tampa, Florida. It was founded in 1998.

West family

The West family are an American family. The family members hold varying degrees of power, wealth and status in various fields of works.

Ale-8-One

Ale-8-One is a regional ginger- and citrus-flavored soft drink. It is distributed primarily to brick and mortar retailers in Kentucky. It is a ginger and citrus blend, containing less carbonation and fewer calories than conventional soda.

Capital Centre

The Capital Centre was a multi-use stadium located in Landover, Maryland. The arena used to serve as the home for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League (NHL) and the Capital/Washington Bullets/Wizards of the National Basketball Association (NBA). It was also home to the Georgetown Hoyas, the Washington/Maryland Commandos of the Arena Football League (AFL), the Washington Wave of the Major Indoor Lacrosse League (MILL), the Washington Warthogs of the Continental Indoor Soccer League (CISL), and the Washington Power of the National Lacrosse League (NLL).

The arena first started to be built on August 24, 1972. Construction for the building cost $16 million. A week before it opened, the arena had failed an inspection by the Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission and Bullets owner Abe Pollin had to get parts for the sewage treatment plant for the arena from Syracuse, New York and Thomasville, Georgia. The arena would be opened on December 2, 1973.

On December 2, 1973, the first event took place. The then-Capital Bullets defeated the Seattle SuperSonics 98–96 in front of a sellout crowd of 19,035 in attendance. The Washington Capitals would join the National Hockey League (NHL) as an expansion team the next year. On October 15, 1974, the Capitals would play their first game at the Capital Centre. They would tie the Los Angeles Kings 1–1.

Both the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW) held shows at the arena. The WWF would host their Survivor Series in 1995.

On November 26, 1997, the Capitals played their final game at the arena. They would be defeated by the Montreal Canadiens 6–5. On November 29, 1997, the now-Washington Wizards played their final game at the arena. They would lose to the Chicago Bulls 103–93.

On December 2, 1997, the MCI Center was opened and replaced the Capital Centre as the home arena for the Wizards, Capitals and Hoyas. On December 15, 2002, the Capital Centre was demolished in an implosion. A shopping mall called the The Boulevard at the Capital Centre sits on the former lot.

Engage Kill

Engage Kill is based on anime series of the SQUARE ENIX, This game was released in the iOS and Android on 1 March 2023, This game has shut down on 21 March 2024.


COVID-19 pandemic in Kansas

The COVID-19 pandemic in Kansas began affecting the U.S. State on Saturday, March 7, 2020. COVID-19 continues affecting the U.S. State of Kansas as of January 2024.

The first case was reported on Saturday, March 7, 2020 in Johnson County. This was a woman under age 50 who had traveled into the Northeastern United States. Almost five days afterward on March 12, three other cases were reported also in Johnson County.

Also on Thursday, March 12, 2020 Governor Laura Kelly declared states of emergency. And at these same times a male in his seventies was the first COVID-19 death. He died in Wyandotte County due to heart conditions then tested positive following that. On Friday, March 13 a Wichita man tested positive for COVID-19. He was in his seventies. He was later released then recovered.

On March 24 stay-at-home orders were sent into effect for the State of Kansas starting with Wyandotte and Johnson Counties.

As of 2024 estimates of how many people died from COVID-19 in Kansas are between 10,200 and 12,000.

Delfia Cortez

Delfia Cortez (Los Santos, January 21, 1963-Panama City January 10, 2024), was a Panamanian journalist and politician.

Cortez was a correspondent for Telemetro Reporta in the province of Colón for many years. She worked at Acción 100% Noticias and Marbella Stereo 104.3FM. She was the mother of Víctor De Jesús Castillo. She died on January 10, 2024 at the age of 60, from a stroke.

Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit

Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit (18 August 1900 – 1 December 1990) was an freedom fighter, diplomat and politician. She also served as the 8th President of the United Nations General Assembly from 1953 to 1954. Pandit was also appointed as the 3rd Governor of Maharashtra from 1962 to 1964.

Chicago Coliseum

The Chicago Coliseum was the name of three different multi-use stadiums located in Chicago, Illinois. The three stadiums each stood at different times in Chicago's history from the 1860s to 1982.

The first Coliseum was opened sometime in the late 1860s. It was located in Downtown Chicago.

The second Coliseum was started in 1895. During construction, workers had to restart their building after a structure collapsed and ruined the site. There were no fatalities. It was located in the Woodlawn neighborhood. The Democratic Party would host their National Convention here in 1896. They would nominate William Jennings Bryan to be their presidential nominee. Bryan would deliver his famous Cross of Gold speech to the crowd. On December 24, 1897, the building was completely destroyed by a fire. A YMCA stands on the property now.

The third Chicago Coliseum was built in 1899 on the site of the old Libby Prison. The arena was a popular place for music and vaudeville acts.

During the Coliseum's lifetime, it was the host for many conventions for both the Republican and Progressive Partys. The Republicans would host an event in 1904, 1908, 1912, 1916, and 1920. The Progressives would host in 1912.

In 1926, the Chicago Black Hawks would be created as an Original Six team in the National Hockey League (NHL). On November 17, 1926, the Black Hawks would defeat the Toronto St. Pats 4–1 in their first game.

On July 2, 1928, local sports promoter Paddy Harmon broke ground on a new stadium to replace the Chicago Coliseum. Chicago Stadium would open on March 28, 1929 and would replace the Coliseum as the home arena for the Black Hawks.

In 1961, Chicago was awarded an expansion team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They would be called the Chicago Packers before changing their name to the Chicago Zephyrs the next year. The Zephyrs would play their home games at the Chicago Coliseum since the Chicago Majors of the rival league American Basketball League (ABL) played at Chicago Stadium. The team would only last one season before moving to Baltimore, Maryland to become the Baltimore Bullets. On March 16, 1963, The Zephyrs played their last game at the Coliseum, losing to the Cincinnati Royals 126–117.

With no major sports tenants, the arena would host musical artists for the rest of its lifetime until it was shut down for fire code violations on March 13, 1971. The building would eventually be demolished in 1982.

Going Down Slow

"Goin' Down Slow" or "Going Down Slow" is a 1941 blues song by St. Louis Jimmy Oden. It is considered to be a blues standard. It has been covered by Howlin' Wolf, Bobby Bland, B.B. King and Eric Clapton.

El Cajon, California

El Cajon is a city in San Diego County, California, United States.

Imperial Beach, California

Imperial Beach is a city in San Diego County, California, United States.

Lemon Grove, California

Lemon Grove is a city in San Diego County, California, United States.

Solana Beach, California

Solana Beach is a city in San Diego County, California, United States.

Pismo Beach, California

Pismo Beach is a city in San Luis Obispo County, California, United States.

Goleta, California

Goleta is a city in Santa Barbara County, California, United States.

Guadalupe, California

Guadalupe is a city in Santa Barbara County, California, United States.

Monte Sereno, California

Monte Sereno is a city in Santa Clara County, California, United States.

Capitola, California

Capitola is a city in Santa Cruz County, California, United States.

Scotts Valley, California

Scotts Valley is a city in Santa Cruz County, California, United States.

Loyalton, California

Loyalton is a city in Sierra County, California, United States.

Dorris, California

Dorris is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States.

Dunsmuir, California

Dunsmuir is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States.

Fort Jones, California

Fort Jones is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States.

Mount Shasta, California

Mount Shasta is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States.

Tulelake, California

Tulelake is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States.

Weed, California

Weed is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States.

Rio Vista, California

Rio Vista is a city in Solano County, California, United States.

Assassins (1995 movie)

Assassins is a 1995 American French action movie directed by Richard Donner and starring Sylvester Stallone, Antonio Banderas, Julianne Moore, Muse Waston, Steve Kahan, Kai Wulff, Toby Huss. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was a box office disappointment.


Suisun City, California

Suisun City is a city in Solano County, California, United States.

Cloverdale, California

Cloverdale is a city in Sonoma County, California, United States.

Cotati, California

Cotati is a city in Sonoma County, California, United States.

Healdsburg, California

Healdsburg is a city in Sonoma County, California, United States.

Hughson, California

Hughson is a city in Stanislaus County, California, United States.

Newman, California

Newman is a city in Stanislaus County, California, United States.

Waterford, California

Waterford is a city in Stanislaus County, California, United States.

Live Oak, Sutter County, California

Live Oak is a city in Sutter County, California, United States.

Corning, California

Corning is a city in Tehama County, California, United States.

Tehama, California

Tehama is a city in Tehama County, California, United States.

Dinuba, California

Dinuba is a city in Tulare County, California, United States.

Farmersville, California

Farmersville is a city in Tulare County, California, United States.

Lindsay, California

Lindsay is a city in Tulare County, California, United States.

Woodlake, California

Woodlake is a city in Tulare County, California, United States.

West Sacramento, California

West Sacramento is a city in Yolo County, California, United States.

Winters, California

Winters is a city in Yolo County, California, United States.

Matthew Pottinger

Matthew Forbes Pottinger (born 1973) is an American former journalist and U.S. Marine Corps officer who served as the United States deputy national security advisor from September 22, 2019 to January 7, 2021.

Bet365

Bet365 is a British gambling company founded in 2000. It offer sports betting, online casino, online poker, and online bingo. The business operations is run from its office in Stoke-on-Trent. There is a satellite office in Malta. It was founded by Denise Coates, who is the majority shareholder and joint-chief executive, alongside her brother John Coates. She pays tax in the UK on her salary and dividends. John owns about a quarter of its shares. Her two sisters — Moira and Siobhan — each own 5% of the business. Her husband, Richard, also works for the company. More than 7000 people work for the company. They must live within 30 miles of Stoke. It is the largest private employer in Stoke. It has expanded into North America. It has been very profitable since 2008. It is investing a lot of money into the expansion into America. Ray Winstone was in their advertising. A lot of their business is in grey markets, like China, where gambling is not allowed.

Denise Coates is an economics graduate from the University of Sheffield. She has been paid about about £2.5 billion since 2008. She was paid a salary of £220.70 million in the year to 26 March 2023. This was more than a quarter of the company’s wage and benefit costs for staff. She also gets at least 50% of the £100 million dividend. She was the highest paid executive in the UK in 2017 with a salary of £217 million. She set up The Denise Coates Foundation, a registered charity. It has made multimillion-pound donations to the local hospital, Douglas Macmillan Hospice, Keele university and theatre projects. 

The Coates family is ranked as the 16th richest in the UK with an estimated £8.8 billion fortune, according to the Sunday Times rich list. It ran the Provincial Racing chain of nearly 50 betting shops. Peter Coates, Denise's father, has set up a separate foundation. He was also the chairman of Stoke City F.C. The company has sponsored the club. They play in what is now called the Bet365 Stadium.

Abdullah Snobar

Abdullah Snobar is the CEO of DMZ Ventures and executive director of DMZ.

Snobar completed his MBA and Bachelor of Commerce from the Toronto Metropolitan University. In 2012, Snobar founded Supa Maasai Foundation which is a non-profit organization in Kenya.

Snobar was appointed as the Executive Director of DMZ in 2015 and is responsible for the strategic direction and continued growth of DMZ. Under his leadership as Executive Director, DMZ was named a top university-based incubator by UBI Global. It was awarded Canada's most admired corporate culture by Waterstone Human Capital. Snobar also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of DMZ Ventures headquartered in Toronto, Canada, the for-profit investment entity established and owned by Toronto Metropolitan University.

Snobar has been criticized on occasion for his handling of workplace issues, and conflict avoidance. Critics have described Snobar as having a “pretentious attitude, leading to high turnover at DMZ”.

In 2018, Snobar was named one of the Canada's Top 40 Under 40, an award program that identifies outstanding young achievers in Canadian Business, Visionaries and innovators changing the way things are done. 

The Boxtrolls

The Boxtrolls is a 2014 American stop-motion animated fantasy comedy film


An orphaned boy raised by underground creatures called Boxtrolls comes up from the sewers and out of his box to save his family and the town from the evil exterminator, Archibald Snatcher.

South Africa v. Israel (Genocide Convention)

South Africa v. Israel is a lawsuit filed by Republic of South Africa against Israel at the International Court of Justice (ICJ) in The Hague, Netherlands on 29 December 2023. The lawsuit asks the court in principle to provide Provisional measure of protection for the Palestinians who are going through a Genocide.

The Foreign Ministry of Israel said through diplomatic channels that a ruling against Israel "could have significant potential implications not only in the legal realm but also in practical, bilateral, economic, and security-related aspects."

On December 29, 2023, legal actions began at the International Court of Justice on the basis of Genocide Convention. Both Israel and South Africa had agreed to this convention. The proceedings were started under Article IX of the convention.

The two day hearing of South Africa's case against Israel happened on 11 and 12 January 2024 in which South Africa spoke and gave evidence of its claims on 11 January while Israel justified or tried to prove South Africa's claims as 'baseless' on 12 January.

The legal submission submitted by South Africa accuses Israel of genocidal actions with clear intent, including mass killings, destruction of homes, expulsion, and displacement of Palestinians in Gaza Strip. The blockade on essential resources like food, water, and medical aid is also highlighted as contributing to the alleged genocidal intent. South Africa also stated that statements made by Israeli officials, such as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, are evidence of Israel's genocidal intent.
On 26 January 2024, the International Court of Justice said that South Africa's claims seem possible, and the court will look into the issue. The court decided for now that the proof South Africa gave was enough to show there might be a risk to some of the rights that South Africa is trying to protect. But, the court also said it didn't decide yet whether Israel had broken the Geneva convention.

The court stated, in paragraphs 30 and 54 of the ruling, as follows:

30. ... In the Court’s view, at least some of the acts and omissions alleged by South Africa to have been committed by Israel in Gaza appear to be capable of falling within the provisions of the Convention.<br>
54. In the Court’s view, the facts and circumstances mentioned above are sufficient to conclude that at least some of the rights claimed by South Africa and for which it is seeking protection are plausible. This is the case with respect to the right of the Palestinians in Gaza to be protected from acts of genocide and related prohibited acts identified in Article III, and the right of South Africa to seek Israel’s compliance with the latter’s obligations under the Convention.



Jerome Robbins

Jerome Robbins (born Jerome Wilson Rabinowitz; October 11, 1918 – July 29, 1998) was an American dancer, choreographer, film director, theatre director and producer who worked in classical ballet, on stage, film, and television.

He made many stage plays, like "On the Town", "Peter Pan", "High Button Shoes", "The King and I", "The Pajama Game", "Bells Are Ringing", "West Side Story", "Gypsy", and "Fiddler on the Roof". Robbins was a five-time Tony Award-winner and recieved the Kennedy Center Honors. He received two Academy Awards, including the 1961 Academy Award for Best Director with Robert Wise for "West Side Story" and a special Academy Honorary Award for his choreographic goals on film.

Jimmy Crystal

Jimmy Crystal is the main antagonist of Illuminations Sing 2. He lives in the fictional city of Redshore City. He is the villian of sing 2.

He has a black suit with a tie. He also has ironed pants, too. He is also very short-tempered, and angry. he has a daughter named Porsha ,who in the end of the movie, goes with Mr. Moon and his crew.
Seizure of the St Nikolas

On January 11, 2024, four to five members of the Iranian Navy boarded and took control of the Marshall Islands-flagged, United States-controlled & Greek-operated civilian oil tanker "MV St Nikolas". The course of the oil tanker was altered towards the coast of Iran after the capture. The oil tanker at the time was reported to have been carrying 145,000 tonnes of crude oil from Iraq to Turkey. The St Nikolas had a crew of 18 Filipinos and one Greek national.

The St. Nikolas ship, previously named the Suez Rajan was a Greek managed ship, seized by the United States in April 2023. USA claimed that the ship had violated its sanctions by loading and trying to transport Iranian oil to China. The Iranian oil was then taken and sold by USA after it was unloaded in August 2023.


Crab Game

Crab Game is a free video game made and published by Daniel Sooman, also called the alias Dani. The game was released for Windows on the 29th of October 2021 and on the 16th of November 2021, the Linux and MacOS versions of the game were released. The game is based off of the Netflix TV show "Squid Game", where players compete in challenges to be the last one alive to get a prize. The game was named by the developer Crab Game so that he would not receive a cease and desist letter at his house from Netflix.

Saint Romanos

Saint Romanos ( late 5th century after AD 555) was a Byzantine saint active as a poet, hymnwriter, melodist, and composer. He is considered a central figure in the history of Byzantine music. Nicknamed and called "the Pindar of rhythmic poetry" he flourished in the 6th century, though all his works were published posthumously, and most of his fame was gained posthumously, too. He was also the foremost Kontakion composer of his time.

Philautus kerangae

The Kerangas bubble-nest frog ("Philautus kerangae") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have seen it as high as 1200 meters above sea level in northern Sarawak, 200 meters above sea level in southeastern Sarawak, and 790 meters above sea level in Sumatra.

Pusha T

Terrence LeVarr Thornton (born May 13, 1977), his stage name being Pusha T, is an American rapper and songwriter. He became famous as one-half of the Virginia-based hip hop duo Clipse, which was mainly active from 1994 to 2010, alongside his older brother No Malice. As Clipse, the two released three studio albums when he signed to Pharrell's Star Trak Entertainment. Clipse became best known for their 2002 first single "Grindin'".

Mom and Dad Save the World

Mom and Dad Save the World is a 1992 American science fiction comedy movie directed by Greg Beeman and starring Teri Garr, Jeffrey Jones, Jon Lovitz, Thalmus Rasulala, Wallace Shawn, Eric Idle. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was a box office bomb.


Ridin' Solo

"Ridin' Solo" is a 2010 song by Jason Derulo. It is the third single from his self-titled debut studio album. The song samples the 1997 song "Bitter Sweet Symphony" by the Verve. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in Australia, Belgium and Ireland, number 9 in the United States, number 12 in New Zealand, number 19 in Canada and number 24 in Germany.





Trump fake electors plot

The Trump fake electors plot was a political scheme made by then President Donald Trump who did not win the 2020 United States presidential election. His allies in seven states wanted to create and submit fake certificates of ascertainment that wrongly claimed Trump had won the electoral college vote in those states. 

The plan of the scheme was to pass the fake certificates and send to Washington, D.C. to pressure then Vice President Mike Pence in the hope he would count them as votes other than the real certificates to overturn Joe Biden's victory. 

This plot was made by Trump's attorney John Eastman. Eastman claimed the vice president has the power to change the electoral votes in the certification process and change the outcome of the the winner of the presidential race. 

By 2023, many people in several states had been sent to jail or forced to pay fines for their alleged involvement, with other investigations underway.

12 January 2024 missile strikes against Yemen

On the morning of 12 January 2024, the United States and United Kingdom attacked the Houthis in Yemen. They did this because of Ansar Allah (Houthi) attacks on international trade ships that are to Israel since the 19th of November 2023 as well as attacks on American navy and British navy ships, which Houthis say are because of the Israeli war on Gaza. The UK Cabinet came together and Prime Minister Rishi Sunak allowed the strikes to happen. 

The strikes began about 2:30am Yemen time (11:30pm UTC). American fighter jets carrying precision-guided bombs were deployed from bases in the region and from the USS "Dwight D. Eisenhower" aircraft carrier. Surface ships and the USS "Florida" submarine launched Tomahawk cruise missiles. The BBC reported four Royal Air Force Typhoon jets deployed from the RAF Akrotiri airbase in Cyprus participated in the strike. The U.S. Air Forces Central announced that U.S. and coalition forces had used over 100 munitions to strike more than 60 targets at 16 locations.

The U.K. Defence Ministry announced that it had targeted two sites. The first site, located at Bani in northwestern Yemen, was used to launch reconnaissance and attack drones. The second site was the Abbs airfield, which, according to the MoD, had been utilized for launching both cruise missiles and drones over the Red Sea.

Explosions were reported in Sanaa, Hodeidah and Dhamar. The targets included logistics centres, air defense systems and weapons storage sites. According to a Houthi-run news channel, Hodeida International Airport, Taiz International Airport, the al-Dailami Air Base north of Sanaa, an airport near Hajjah and a camp east of Saada were hit.


Noto Peninsula

The Noto Peninsula (能登半島, "Noto-hantō") is a peninsula that lies north into the Sea of Japan from the coast of Ishikawa Prefecture in central Honshū, the main island of Japan. The name comes from Ainu 'cape' or 'big cape'.

2024 Papua New Guinean unrest

The 2024 Papua New Guinean unrest started on 10 January 2024 in Papua New Guinea's capital Port Moresby, later spreading to Lae. It was caused by Prime Minister James Marape's tax deduction announcement which was later fixed. The riots had arson, looting and civil unrests. At least 16 people were killed. Marape later declared a state of emergency for 14 days and suspended the country's police chief and top officials in the finance and treasury ministries.

2024 Ecuadorian conflict

On 9 January 2024, an armed conflict broke out in Ecuador surrounding the country's government against several organized crime groups and drug traffickers. Several people have been killed in armed attacks while reports of businesses and vehicles being vandalized and burned have been reported. Several police officers and prison guards were also kidnapped.

On 9 January 2024, organized crime groups in Ecuador issued threats of "war", prompting the country's president to declare a state of armed internal conflict.
On the same day, gunmen entered a television studio in Guayaquil, where they took journalists hostage during a live newscast.

Reports of armed attacks throughout Guayaquil were reported, mainly in prisons, markets, roads, and universities. The large-scale attacks were a combination of responses to the escape of Los Choneros leader José Adolfo Macías Villamar in Guayaquil, and President Daniel Noboa declaring a state of emergency and then an internal state of war.

Explosions were also reported across the country, particularly in Guayaquil, Cuenca, Machala, and Loja, as well as in Esmeraldas and Los Rios Provinces.

Banks, markets, and shops were closed throughout the country in cities such as Quito and Guayaquil to protect merchants and customers from armed attacks.

On 11 January, two people were killed and nine others were injured in an arson attack on a nightclub in Coca.

On 13 January, the government announced that all 178 prison guards and other employees held hostage in prisons across the country since that start of the unrest by the gangs had been freed.

President Daniel Noboa said that the country was having an "internal armed conflict" and ordered the military to carry out operations to stop armed groups.

Since 2018, Ecuador has seen an increase in wave of violence as the country has become a critical cocaine transit point, and organized crime groups compete for control of drug routes and prisons. Hundreds of prison inmates have been killed in prison fights.

According to "The Washington Post", intelligence analysts said that the attacks may have been caused by a recent investigation into links between drug traffickers, criminal gangs, and political operators. The operation, known as Metastasis, led to the arrests of at least 20 top security officials and judges in December 2023.

Adan Canto

Adan Canto (5 December 1981 – 8 January 2024) was a Mexican actor. He played Sunspot in the 2014 superhero movie "", Paul Torres on the Fox drama series "The Following", and AJ Menendez in the ABC prime-time series "Blood & Oil".

He also played Rodrigo Lara Bonilla in the Netflix drama series "Narcos" and Aaron Shore in the ABC/Netflix political drama "Designated Survivor".

Canto died of appendix cancer on 8 January 2024 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 42.

James Kottak

James Kottak (December 26, 1962 – January 9, 2024) was an American drummer. He was best known for his work with the German hard rock band Scorpions, which he joined in 1996. At the time of his firing from the band in 2016, he was their longest-serving drummer. 

Kottak was also an original member of Kingdom Come. He had his own band Kottak, formerly known as KrunK. Other bands Kottak played for were Montrose, Warrant, Wild Horses, the McAuley Schenker Group, and Buster Brown.

On January 9, 2024, Kottak was found dead in his bathroom at his home in Louisville, Kentucky of cardiac arrest at the age of 61.

Janusz Majewski (director)

Janusz Marian Majewski (5 August 1931 – 10 January 2024) was a Polish movie director and screenwriter. He directed over 40 movies from 1957 until 2015.

Majewski died on 10 January 2024 at the age of 92.



Tisa Farrow

Theresa Magdalena "Tisa" Farrow (July 22, 1951 – January 10, 2024) was an American actress and model. She was born in Los Angeles, California. Her career lasted from 1970 to 1980. She was the sister of Mia Farrow. She was known for her roles in "Zombi 2" (1979), "The Last Hunter" (1980), and "Antropophagus" (1980).

Farrow died on January 10, 2024, at the age of 72.

Jennell Jaquays

Jennell Jaquays (born Paul Jaquays; October 14, 1956 – January 10, 2024) was an American game designer, video game artist, and illustrator of tabletop role-playing games (RPGs). Her best known works include "Dungeons & Dragons" and for creating the designs of "Pac-Man" and "Donkey Kong".

Jaquays announced in December 2011 that she identified herself as a lesbian and trans woman.

Jaquays died from problems caused by Guillain-Barré syndrome on January 10, 2024, at the age of 67.


Tesla Cybertruck

The Tesla Cybertruck is an electric vehicle made by Tesla Inc. It was released in late 2023.

San Antonio FC

This club is a semi pro soccer club located in San Antonio, Texas. They play in the USL Championship. Their field is the Toyota Field.

Stanislavski's system

Stanislavski’s system was the way that Konstantin Stanislavski trained actors. It’s about an actor getting himself to feel the emotions of the character he’s playing. It inspired Stanislavski’s student Lee Strasberg to create Method acting which Strasberg just called The Method.

Giric mac Cináeda

Giric mac Cináeda (Modern Gaelic: "Griogair mac Coinneach" (After 966–1005), was King of Scots from 997 to 1005. He reigned jointly with his father, Kenneth III, until his death in at the Battle of Monzievaird on the 25th of March, 1005, he fought with his father, Kenneth, Against Malcolm, where both he, and his father were killed.

2024 Lower Grand Lagoon–Panama City tornado

On January 9, 2024, an intense tornado, along with a satellite tornado, struck Lower Grand Lagoon and the western portion of Panama City in Florida. The intense "parent" tornado was rated EF3 on the Enhanced Fujita scale by the National Weather Service, and the was rated EF0.

The tornado started as a waterspout and moved onshore Spyglass Drive in Lower Grand Lagoon. In this area, several homes sustained significant damage and one home along the beach was completely destroyed. The damage to that home was rated EF3, with winds estimated at .

Warring States period

Warring States, (475–221 bce), designation for seven or more small feuding Chinese kingdoms whose careers collectively constitute an era in Chinese history. The Warring States period was one of the most fertile and influential in Chinese history.

Spawn of Possession

Spawn of Possession is an Swedish technical death metal band formed in 1997.


Categoryː2020-21 in European football

2020–21 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2020- 21 Red Bull Salzburg season was the 88th season in club history. It was the 32nd season in the highest Austrian football league. They could defend their title in the Austrian League and Austrian Cup. In the UEFA Champions League, they qualified for the group stage after defeating Maccabi Tel Aviv in the playoffs. In the Europa League knockout phase, they were defeated by Villarreal in the round of 32.


Note: There were different restrictions for visitors due to the coronavirus pandemic.

The halved points from the basic round are in brackets.

The number of visitors was limited to 1200 due to the Coronavirus pandemic. From the Round of 16 onwards no visitors were allowed.

A week before the start of the competition, the organizing UEFA announced that it would not be holding the competition. This was due to the critical COVID-19 situation, due to which Europe-wide travel restrictions were imposed.

Middle East Eye

Middle East Eye is a news website that talks about the Middle East and North Africa and related content from beyond the region.

Middle East Eye was launched in London in April 2014. The ownership of channel is not known. Its editor-in-chief is David Hearst who was a foreign lead writer for "The Guardian" until November 2013.
The website is accused by governments of Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt and Bahrain of supporting the political campaign of the Muslim Brotherhood by creating biased news that supported the Muslim Brotherhood. The UAE, and Saudi Arabia permanently blocked the website for unknown reasons and Egypt temporarily blocked the website during protests spanning from September to October 2019.

Rod Brind'Amour

Rod Brind'Amour is a Canadian hockey player and coach. He is the Coach of the Carolina Hurricanes. He won the 2006 Stanley Cup.

Down Mexico Way

Down Mexico Way is a 1941 American western movie directed by Joseph Santley and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, Fay McKenzie. It was distributed by Republic Pictures.


Women's World Championship (WWE)

The Women's World Championship wrestling championship in WWE competed by women of the Raw brand. It was created after the return of the brand extension. First known as the SmackDown Women's Championship, it was revealed on the August 23, 2016, episode of "SmackDown" as the counterpart to the WWE Women's Championship, which became exclusive to Raw as a result of the 2016 WWE Draft. The first champion was Becky Lynch. As a result of the 2023 WWE Draft, the Raw and SmackDown women's championships switched brands, with the SmackDown Women's Championship renamed as the Women's World Championship, while the Raw Women's Championship changed to its original name of WWE Women's Championship.

The title has been in the main event of three WWE premium live events: at , together with the Raw Women's Championship at the time, at WWE's flagship event WrestleMania 35 in 2019, and by itself on Night 1 of WrestleMania 37 in 2021. It was also the first women's wrestling championship to be defended in Saudi Arabia, at Super ShowDown in 2020.

With the return of the WWE Brand Extension in the middle of 2016, a draft took place on July 19. The WWE Women's Champion Charlotte was drafted to "Raw". As a result, "SmackDown Live" was left without a women's title. On the August 23, 2016 episode of "SmackDown Live", Shane McMahon introduced the SmackDown Women's Championship. The first champion was crowned at Backlash on September 11, 2016, where Becky Lynch beat Alexa Bliss, Carmella, Naomi, Natalya and Nikki Bella in a six-pack elimination challenge to win the title.

Following the 2023 WWE Draft, the Raw and SmackDown Women's Championships switched brands and there were no title changes for either championship before drafted wrestlers went to their brands on May 8. The problem was solved on the June 12, 2023, episode of "Raw". WWE official Adam Pearce gave a new championship belt to reigning champion Rhea Ripley, with the title renamed as the Women's World Championship. This came shortly after the Raw Women's Championship became the WWE Women's Championship again on June 9.

As of 31, 2024, there have been 27 reigns between 12 champions. The first champion was Becky Lynch, who won the title on "SmackDown". The champion with the single longest reign is Bayley with a reign of 380 days while the record for longest combined reign is also held by Bayley at 520 days. Charlotte Flair has the most reigns at seven. Only one woman in history has held the championship for a continuous reign of one year (365 days) or more: Bayley.

As of 31, 2024.

Don't Knock the Rock

Don't Knock the Rock is a 1956 American musical movie directed by Fred F. Sears and starring Alan Dale, Alan Freed. It features performances by Bill Haley & His Comets, Little Richard, The Treniers and Dave Appell and the Applejacks and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Millwater, New Zealand

Millwater is a northern suburb of Auckland. It is about 33 kilometres (by road) north of the city centre. The Auckland Northern Motorway and Orewa River are on the western and northern side of the boundaries.

Millwater was built on former farmland in 2005. lt is expected to be complete in 2022, which has about 10,000 people live there.

A suburb of Milldale is on the other side of the Northern Motorway. It has a primary school in the area.

USS Dwight D. Eisenhower

USS "Dwight D. Eisenhower" (CVN-69) is a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier currently in service with the United States Navy. The "Dwight D. Eisenhower" participated in the Red Sea Crisis between 2023-2024.

USS Florida (SSGN-728)

USS "Florida" (SSBN-728/SSGN-728), an cruise missile submarine, is the sixth vessel of the United States Navy to be named for the U.S. state of Florida. She was commissioned with the hull designation of SSBN-728; with her conversion to a cruise missile submarine, from a ballistic missile submarine, she was re-designated SSGN-728.

Skawina

Skawina is a town in Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is near Kraków. In 2021, 24,177 people lived there. Its area is 20,50 km².

Vardø

Vardø is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. In 2022, 1,897 people lived there.


World Heavyweight Championship (WWE, 2023–present)

The World Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling world championship in WWE for the men of the Raw brand. It is one of three world titles on WWE's main roster, along with the WWE Championship and WWE Universal Championship, which are held and defended together as the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship on SmackDown. The current champion is Seth "Freakin" Rollins, who defeated AJ Styles in a tournament final at Night of Champions on May 27, 2023, to become the first champion.

The title's creation is a result of Roman Reigns and the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship. After Reigns became undisputed champion in April 2022, he defended the titles across both brands, but these defenses became less due to the terms of his contract. With the 2023 WWE Draft, the World Heavyweight Championship was shown on the April 24, 2023, episode of "Raw" and became Raw-exclusive. Reigns and the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship got exclusive to SmackDown.

The title does not continue the history of WWE's old World Heavyweight Championship from 2002 until 2013.

On the April 24, 2023, episode of "Monday Night Raw", Triple H announced the 2023 WWE Draft, a process used to decide which wrestlers are exclusively to a brand. He then said that Undisputed WWE Universal Champion Roman Reigns defended the title less because of his contract. So Triple H announced that the brand Reigns would go to in the draft would become the exclusive home to him and the undisputed championship. Triple H also presented a new World Heavyweight Championship that would be defended on the other brand and announced that the first champion would be crowned at Night of Champions on May 27, 2023. During night one of the draft on the April 28 episode of "SmackDown", Reigns was drafted to SmackDown, this made the World Heavyweight Championship exclusive to Raw. 

During the Backlash press conference on May 5, 2023, Triple H announced a tournament for the title including wrestlers from both brands with a bracket for each brand. The first round and semifinals for each bracket took place for the May 8 and May 12 episodes of "Raw" and "SmackDown". The first-round matches for each episode consisted of two triple threat matches with the winners going to the semifinals in a singles match the same night, with those winners wrestling in the championship match at Night of Champions.

The wrestlers for the World Heavyweight Championship Tournament were announces on May 7 on WWE's YouTube channel: Cody Rhodes, Damian Priest, Finn Bálor, Seth "Freakin" Rollins, Shinsuke Nakamura, and The Miz from Raw, and AJ Styles, Austin Theory, Bobby Lashley, Edge, Rey Mysterio, and Sheamus from SmackDown. On the May 8 episode of "Raw", Rollins defeated Nakamura and Priest in the first triple threat while Bálor defeated Miz and Rhodes in the second. Rollins defeated Bálor in the semifinals to win Raw's bracket. On the May 12 episode of "SmackDown", Styles defeated Edge and Mysterio in the first triple threat while Lashley defeated Sheamus and Theory in the second. Styles defeated Lashley in the semifinals to win SmackDown's bracket, which set up the tournament final between Rollins and Styles. At Night of Champions, Rollins defeated Styles to become the inaugural World Heavyweight Champion. The title was defended for the first time on the June 5 episode of "Raw".

As of 31, 2024.


Cedar Hill Lakes, Missouri

Cedar Hill Lakes is a village in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Lake Tekakwitha, Missouri

Lake Tekakwitha is a village in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Parkdale, Missouri

Parkdale is a village in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Peaceful Village, Missouri

Peaceful Village is a village in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Scotsdale, Missouri

Scotsdale is a village in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States.

Newark, Missouri

Newark is a village in Knox County, Missouri, United States.

Novelty, Missouri

Novelty is a village in Knox County, Missouri, United States.

Coufouleux

Coufouleux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

The Times of Israel

The Times of Israel is an Israeli online newspaper. It was launched in 2012. It was co-founded by Israeli journalist David Horovitz and American billionaire Seth Klarman. Horovitz is also the founding editor. It is based in Jerusalem. Along with the original English website, "The Times of Israel" publishes in Hebrew, Arabic, French, and Persian. In addition to publishing news and analysis, the website hosts a blog platform with multiple authors.

In February 2014, two years after its launch, "The Times of Israel" claimed to have two million readers. In 2017, readership increased to 3.5 million unique users every month. By 2021, it had an average of over nine million unique users every month and over 35 million monthly page views. The paper's blog platform also had 9,000 active bloggers.

Clinton family

The Family of Bill Clinton was the first family of the United States following his inauguration as the 42nd president of the United States on January 20, 1993 and ended on January 20, 2001.

During his governorship, they were also the first family of Arkansas from 1979 to 1981 and again from 1983 to 1992.

Bill Clinton – President of the United States from 1993 to 2001

Hillary Clinton – United States Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013

Chelsea Clinton – Daughter of Bill Clinton (b. 1980)

Gonzalo Lira

'Gonzalo Ángel Quintilio Lira López (February 29, 1968 – January 12, 2024) was a war commentator and YouTuber, also known as Coach Red Pill. He was of Chilean-American decent. He was accused of spreading Russian propaganda, including denying atrocities. He died on January 11, 2024, in a Kharkiv hospital in Ukraine.

Lira was born in Burbank, California. His parents were Chilean: Gonzalo Lia Valdés and María Isabel López Hess. His mother is a direct descendant of José Miguel Carrera. He spent his childhood in the San Fernando Valley, Los Angeles, New York, Miami, and Guayaquil, Ecuador. Lira graduated from Saint George's College, Santiago, in 1985, and from Dartmouth College in 1995, with a degree in history and philosophy.

He held roles as a journalist, writer, and filmmaker, gaining experience in Hollywood. In 2010, he moved to Ukraine, where he married a local woman. He then settled in Kharkiv, the country's second-largest city, situated near the Russian border.

Gonzalo Lira died in January 2024. At the time of his death, he was imprisoned for allegedly violating his probation.

In May 2023, he was arrested on charges of "production and dissemination of materials justifying Russia’s armed aggression against Ukraine". Prominent figures such as tech mogul Elon Musk and Fox News host Tucker Carlson advocated for his release, drawing international attention to his case. Gonzalo Lira Sr. communicated with the US embassy, and highlighted concerns about Gonzalo Lira's declining health during his Ukrainian imprisonment. Lira Sr. expressed dissatisfaction with the perceived lack of assistance from the US Embassy. Lira wrote a note about his health issues, including double pneumonia, pneumothorax, and severe edema. He said that he has been neglected, and that medical attention in prison had been delayed.

In October 1996, Lira made a deal with a publisher called G. P. Putnam's Sons to release his first book called Counterparts. The story is about a strong female FBI agent and her "counterpart," a CIA operative. In 1997, he released a Spanish novel called Tomáh Errázurih. In 1998, he directed a short action film called So Kinky. His second book, Acrobat, came out in 2002. In 2005, he filmed Secuestro in Chile, which did well in the box office during its opening weekend. Between 2010 and 2013, Lira shared his ideas about economics and other topics on his blog. Sometimes, he reposted them on Business Insider and Naked Capitalism. He also contributed to a financial website called Zero Hedge. In that time, he contacted economist Steve Keen to work together on a project. However, Keen said that Lira made big promises and didn't deliver. This lead to issues with collaborators and employees.

Starting in 2017, Lira was active on YouTube using the name Coach Red Pill (CRP). He shared content that was misogynist towards women and anti-feminist, attracting the attention of a group called incels. Lira's videos gave advice like "never date a woman in her thirties" and claimed that women only want money, a house, and kids. In one video, he suggested people in Western democracies move to a less developed country because of his concerns about COVID-19 vaccines. He posted many videos, gaining subscribers and views. In November 2021, Lira deleted most of his CRP content and started using his real name. He lived in Kharkiv and had a family with a Ukrainian woman, with whom he had one daughter.

Lira accused the Ukrainian government of torturing him. This claim was denied by the SBU. He tried to seek political asylum in Hungary on July 31 but was caught and arrested again. On August 2, 2023, the DDCK ruled for Lira to appear in court on August 22, 2023.

On August 4, 2023, the DDCK granted the prosecutor's request to keep Lira in detention until October 2, 2023, without bail. They also decided to transfer the previously paid bail to the state. Lira explained his actions by citing violent acts and extortion against him in the detention center and expressed fear for his life.

On August 22, 2023, the Kharkiv Slobid District Prosecutor's Office filed charges against Lira for spreading materials justifying Russian aggression. On September 12, 2023, his detention was extended until November 11, 2023.

Lira died in custody on January 12, 2024. Lira claimed to have been tortured by other inmates while imprisoned, although a Ukrainian military spokesman denied this and asserted that Lira had been in good health.

Lira, Gonzalo (1997). Tomáh Errázurih (1 ed.). Santiago de Chile: Mondadori. ISBN 956-258-057-1. OCLC 38081261.
Lira, Gonzalo (1998). Counterparts. New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons. ISBN 0-399-14312-2. OCLC 37300650.
Lira, Gonzalo (2002). Acrobat (1 ed.). New York: St. Martin's Press. ISBN 0-312-28694-5. OCLC 48515857.

Method acting

Method acting is a way that some actors play characters by making themselves feel the same emotions their characters are feeling. Lee Strasberg created it based on the ideas of Konstantin Stanislavski.

Courris

Courris is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Crespin, Tarn

Crespin is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Crespinet

Crespinet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cuq, Tarn

Cuq is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Cuq-Toulza

Cuq-Toulza is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Curvalle

Curvalle is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Damiatte

Damiatte is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Dénat

Dénat is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Donnazac

Donnazac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Roetgen

Roetgen is a municipality in the district of Aachen, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

As of May 9 of 2011, the municipality had a population of 8,312 people.

Simmerath

Simmerath is a municipality in the district of Aachen, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

As of May 9 of 2011, the municipality had a population of 15,122 people.

2024 attack on the Khalissa

On 12 January 2024, Iranian-backed Houthis launched a ballistic missile towards the Panama-flagged oil tanker M/T "Khalissa", which was carrying oil towards the Russian port of Ust-Luga. The missile missed the tanker, hitting the water about away. This event was potentially a case of mistaken identity, as Houthi was retaliating for the devastating attacks in Yemen by the United States and United Kingdom. The ship was previously owned by a company based in the United Kingdom, but it is now owned by a Russian company. The Institute for the Study of War, however, stated Houthi was “targeting” the Russian oil tanker.


Lynja

Lynn Yamada Davis (31 July 1956 – 1 January, 2024), also referred to as Lynja, was a chef well known for her YouTube Shorts videos. She was born in New York City on 31 July 1956 and died on 1 January 2024 due to cancer. Her ideas for Youtube Shorts came from her son, Tim Davis during the coronavirus in March 2020. She was a graduate from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a private university in the year 1977. In 2022, she was one of the Top 50 creators in the Forbes Top 50 creators list.

Leva Bonaparte

Leva Bonaparte (née Nowroozyani; born 3 May 1979) is an American restaurateur and television personality. She is known as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" and its spin-off series "Southern Hospitality".

Leva Nowroozyani was born in India on 3 May 1979, as the eldest of three daughters to Persian parents.

Bonaparte moved to Canada with her family at the age of three and later split her time between Bolivia and the United States.

Bonaparte graduated from South Carolina State University in 1999.

Bonaparte sold software for her parents company between 1999 and 2009.

Bonaparte is involved in the Republic Development and Management Group and 26 Industries, a marketing and event management firm.

Bonaparte and her husband own five restaurants, bars and clubs in the Charleston area.

Bonaparte made her debut as a restaurateur when she opened Republic Garden & Lounge in the spring of 2013. She opened her second establishment, Bourbon N' Bubbles, on 29 November 2018. She opened her third establishment, 1st Place, on 20 October 2020. She opened her fourth establishment, Mesu, on 25 September 2019; she co-owns the restaurant with Craig Conover. Bonaparte opened her fifth establishment, Lamar's Sporting Club, on 25 August 2023.

Bonaparte has appeared as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" since the shows seventh season in 2020. She appeared in a guest capacity for the first six seasons. She was the first cast member of color. 

Bonaparte has appeared as a main cast member on a spin-off from "Southern Charm", "Southern Hospitality", since 28 November 2022. She is also an executive producer. The series follows Bonaparte and the staff of her Charleston nightclub, Republic Garden & Lounge.

Bonaparte has resided in Charleston since 2003.

Bonaparte married Lamar Bonaparte on 25 April 25 2013. The couple met on her 29th birthday. Their only child, Lamar "Little" Bonaparte Jr., was born on 29 January 2018.

Philautus aurantium

The Mendolong bubble-nest frog ("Philautus aurantium") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it near Mount Kinabalu between 750 and 1800 meters above sea level.

Batu Khan

Batu Khan (c. 1205–1255) was a Mongol ruler and founder of the Golden Horde, a constituent of the Mongol Empire. Batu was a son of Jochi, thus a grandson of Genghis Khan. His "ulus" ruled over the Kievan Rus', Volga Bulgaria, Cumania, and the Caucasus for around 250 years.

List of military operations during 2024

This is a list of military operations, which include attacks and battles during 2024. This list only includes operations which occurred or started in during 2024.



Miss Universe Myanmar 2024

Miss Universe Myanmar 2024 the 11th edition of the Miss Universe Myanmar pageant will be held in 2024 at Yangon, Myanmar. Amara Bo of Keng Tung will crown her successor at the end of the event. The winner will represent Myanmar at the Miss Universe 2024 competition in Mexico.

List of City or District Director of Miss Universe Myanmar 2024 competition:


The following is a list of the City or District that held the local preliminary contests for the Miss Universe Myanmar 2024 pageant.

Institute for the Study of War

The Institute for the Study of War is an American nonprofit research group and think tank founded in 2007 by military historian Kimberly Kagan. It provides research and analysis regarding issues of defense and foreign affairs.

Connor Bedard

Connor Bedard (born July 17, 2005) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Bedard has been called a generational talent and was called the "The Future of Hockey" by "The Hockey News".

During his time playing in the Western Hockey League (WHL), Bedard was awarded the Jim Piggott Memorial, the Bob Clarke and the Four Broncos Memorial Trophys. He would also win the Canadian Hockey League (CHL)'s Top Scorer and Player of the Year awards.

Bedard plays international hockey with Canada. He played with the under-18 team for the 2021 tournament, and with the National junior team in the 2022 and 2023 tournaments. He would help Canada win a gold medal in all three tournaments. He won the very first IIHF Male Player of the Year Award in 2023.

Before playing in the NHL, Bedard played parts of 3 seasons with the Regina Pats of the Western Hockey League (WHL). He would be drafted first overall by the Pats in the 2020 WHL Bantam Draft. Before the draft, Hockey Canada gave Bedard exceptional player status which let him play in the WHL a year early.

Before playing for the Pats, Bedard would be loaned to the juniour team for HV71 of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL) in 2020. He would play with them while the WHL had play suspended because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The WHL would continue play in March 2021 and Bedard would return to play for the Pats. In his first season with the team, he won the Jim Piggott Memorial Trophy for rookie of the year.

The next year, Bedard would finish the season with 51 goals, 49 assists, and 100 points. He also became the youngest player in the WHL to score 50 or more goals in a season and the third 16-year-old to record a 100-point season in the league. It was the first one in the 21st century.

In the 2022–23 season, Bedard would record a points streak for 35 games and became the league's leading scorer over that time. The streak would be snapped after being unable to record a point in a 3-2 win against the Lethbridge Hurricanes on February 3, 2023. Bedard's exceptional performance in the league led to lots of attention on his games. While traveling to other team's arenas, they would often sellout. When the Pats played the Calgary Hitmen at the Scotiabank Saddledome (also home of the Calgary Flames), there was an attendance of 17,223. Normally, a Hitmen game would sell an average of around 3,500. At the end of the season, he would be awarded the Bob Clarke and the Four Broncos Memorial Trophys. He would also win the Canadian Hockey League (CHL)'s Top Scorer and Player of the Year awards.

When the Chicago Blackhawks won the number one pick in the 2023 lottery, it was reported that the Blackhawks had already sold $2.5 million in season ticket packages in anticipation of the selection of Bedard. On June 28, 2023 at the 2023 NHL Entry Draft, the Chicago Blackhawks would select Bedard first overall. On July 17, Bedard would sign a three-year entry level contract with a $950,000 cap hit.

On October 10, Bedard would make his NHL debut in a 4–2 win against the Pittsburgh Penguins. In the game, Bedard would record his first point in the NHL when he got an assist on a Ryan Donato goal. The next night, the Blackhawks would play the Boston Bruins and Bedard would score his first NHL goal in a 3–1 loss.

On January 4, 2024, Bedard was named to the 2024 National Hockey League All-Star Game, becoming the youngest selection in NHL history. However, Bedard would be injured with a broken jaw after being hit by Brendan Smith during a game against the New Jersey Devils the next day.

Kensington Computer Products Group

The Kensington Technology Group is the technology division of the ACCO group. The company is headquartered in Redwood Shores, a district of Redwood City, California. The German branch is located in the town of Schorndorf. 

Kensington Technology Group sells computer accessories and peripherals such as mice, keyboards, cases for laptops and consumer electronics ( iPods, MP3 players ), power supplies and anti-theft systems for computers and electronic devices. iPad accessories are also part of the range, such as the protective KeyFolio Expert tablet case with an integrated Bluetooth keyboard. The use of the accessories is aimed at both fixed and mobile workstations. The most well-known product is the Kensington security slot, a security system for laptops and other peripherals with the brand name MicroSaver®.

The Kensington company was founded in 1981. The first product was the so-called "System Saver", which included a fan and a mains filter for Apple, which was quite successful. Today, Kensington is a leader in the field of locking systems for IT security solutions and offers a range of individual locking systems with various options to secure computing devices such as laptops, desktops, projectors, TFTs and external hard drives. It is currently owned by the Acco Brands group. 

SpongeBob SquarePants (season 14)


Transport engineering

Transport engineering is a field of civil engineering, which is about planning transport systems. Sometimes it is also called transportation engineering. It uses technology and scientific principles to plan, functionally design, operate and manage facilities for any mode of transportation. It is about providing infrastructure for safe, efficient, rapid, comfortable, convenient, economical, and environmentally compatible movement of people and goods.

There are different subfields:


Transport engineering can be studied at technical universities. Usually it is a specialization of a technical domain of study, such as civil engineering, mechanical engineering or urban planning.

When I Think of You

"When I Think of You" is a 1986 song by Janet Jackson and is the third single from her third studio album "Control". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 10 in the United Kingdom and Ireland, number 6 in Canada, number 53 in Australia, number 23 in New Zealand and number 2 in the Netherlands and has been played at every concerts since its release.


BBC National Orchestra of Wales

BBC National Orchestra of Wales is a Welsh symphony orchestra and one of the BBC's five professional radio orchestras.


Lamar Bonaparte

Lamar Bonaparte Sr. (born July 31, 1976) is an American restaurateur. He is best known for his partnership with his wife Leva Bonaparte.

Lamar Bonaparte Jr. was born in Charleston, South Carolina on July 31, 1976. He is the son of Lamar Bonaparte Sr. and Cynthia Bonaparte.

Bonaparte graduated from South Carolina State University with his degree in accounting.

Bonaparte has been working in the hospitality industry since, at least, 2000.

Bonaparte founded Republic Development and Management Group (DMG), a marketing and event management firm, in 2011.

Bonaparte and his wife own five restaurants, bars and clubs in the Charleston area.

Bonaparte made his debut as a restaurateur when he opened Republic Garden & Lounge in the spring of 2013. He opened his second establishment, Bourbon N' Bubbles, on November 29, 2018. He opened his third establishment, 1st Place, on October 20, 2020. He opened his fourth establishment, Mesu, on September 25, 2019; he co-owns the restaurant with Craig Conover. Bonaparte opened his fifth establishment, Lamar's Sporting Club, on August 25, 2023.

Bonaparte made his television debut during a 2020 episode of the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm". He has made four appearances.

Bonaparte has served as an executive producer on a spin-off from "Southern Charm", "Southern Hospitality", since November 28, 2022. The series follows his wife and the staff of their Charleston nightclub, Republic Garden & Lounge.

Bonaparte married Leva Nowroozyani on April 25, 2013. The couple met on her 29th birthday. Their only child, Lamar "Little" Bonaparte Jr., was born on January 29, 2018.

Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force

The Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force protects Japan at sea. It's part of the Japan Self-Defense Forces and was created after World War II when the Imperial Japanese Navy dissolved. The JMSDF has 154 ships, 346 aircraft, and 50,800 personnel.

After Japan's defeat in World War II, the Imperial Japanese Navy was disbanded, and some of its ships, like the battleship Nagato, were taken by the Allies. The remaining fleet was initially used for repatriating Japanese soldiers and minesweeping under the Second Bureau of the Demobilization Ministry. The minesweeping duties were later transferred to the Maritime Safety Agency, maintaining naval resources.

The 1947 Constitution included Article 9 renouncing war, allowing Japan to maintain military forces for self-defense. Cold War pressures led the United States to support Japan's self-defense capabilities. In 1952, the Safety Security Force (SSF) was formed within the Maritime Safety Agency, incorporating military vessels given by the U.S. In 1954, the JMSDF was formally established as the naval branch of the Japan Self-Defense Forces (JSDF). The JMSDF's early ships included former U.S. Navy destroyers. With the Cold War threat from the Soviet Navy, the JMSDF focused on an anti-submarine role.

Muhammad Tahir Pervaiz

Muhammad Tahir Pervaiz is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from August 2018 till January 2023.
He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) from Constituency PP-112 (Faisalabad-XVI) in 2018 Pakistani general election.

Trinity Broadcasting Network

The Trinity Broadcasting Network is an international Christian-based broadcast television network. It is the world's largest religious television network. It was co-founded as the Trinity Broadcasting Systems in 1973.

Manzanita Sol

Manzanita Sol is a brand of apple-flavored soft drinks. It is owned by PepsiCo and is predominant in Mexico. In the United States it is sold in 12-pack cans, 2-liter, and 20-ounce bottles. 

La Croix Sparkling Water

La Croix is an American brand of sparkling water. It originated in La Crosse, Wisconsin, by G. Heileman Brewing Company. is now distributed by National Beverage Corporation. Their flavors include various fruits and fruit blends.

Fred Meyer

Fred Meyer is an American chain of hypermarket superstores. It was founded in 1922 in Portland, Oregon, United States, by Fred G. Meyer. Its stores are found in the northwest U.S., within the states of Oregon, Washington, Idaho, and Alaska.

Baja Fresh

Baja Fresh is an American chain of fast-casual Tex Mex restaurants. It was founded in Newbury Park, California, in 1990 and headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona. It is owned by Canadian franchisor MTY Food Group.

Kuroishi, Aomori

From Japanese census data,


Misawa, Aomori

From Japanese census data,


Alexander Kerfoot

Alexander Douglas Kerfoot (born August 11, 1994) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Colorado Avalanche and Toronto Maple Leafs.

Before playing in the NHL, Kerfoot played parts of 3 seasons with the Coquitlam Express of the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL) and four years at Harvard with the Crimson. During his time with the Express, Kerfoot would win the Bob Fenton Trophy as the most sportsmanlike player in the league. He would also be named to the All-Rookie and All-Star teams.

He was drafted 150th overall by the New Jersey Devils in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft. Kerfoot decided not to play for them and instead play at Harvard. After his time at Harvard was done, he became a free agent. On August 23, 2017, Kerfoot signed a two-year; entry level contract with the Colorado Avalanche. On October 5, Kerfoot made his NHL debut. He would also record his first NHL point in the same game when assisted on a Tyson Barrie goal in a 4-2 win against the New York Rangers. On October 11, he would score his first NHL goal in a 6-3 season opening win against the Boston Bruins.

On July 1, 2019, the Avalanche would trade Kerfoot, Tyson Barrie and a sixth-round pick to the Toronto Maple Leafs for Nazem Kadri, Calle Rosén and a third-round pick. He would sign a four-year, $14 million contract with the Maple Leafs three days later. He would play four seasons with them.

On July 1, 2023, Kerfoot signed a two-year, $7 million contract with the Arizona Coyotes as a free agent.

Anastasia Romanovna

Anastasia Romanovna was the wife of Ivan the Terrible, the tsar of Russia from the 25th of August 1530 to the 28th of March 1584. She was the daughter of Roman Yurievich Zakharyin and was born in the year 1530 and died in the year 1560 at the age of 30.

China O'Brien

China O'Brien is a 1990 American Hong Kong action movie directed by Robert Clouse. It stars actress and martial artist Cynthia Rothrock with co-stars Richard Norton, Keith Cooke and Doug Wright. It was distributed by Golden Harvest.

Kyle Burroughs

Kyle Burroughs (born July 12, 1995) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the Colorado Avalanche and Vancouver Canucks.

Before playing in the NHL, Burroughs played parts of 5 seasons with the Regina Pats and 1 season with the Medicine Hat Tigers of the Western Hockey League (WHL). On September 23, 2013, during his time with the Pats, Burroughs would become their captain. On January 5, 2015, the Pats traded Burroughs along with Dryden Hunt to the Medicine Hat Tigers for Connor Hobbs and draft picks.

He was drafted 196th overall by the New York Islanders in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. On April 8, 2015, Burroughs would sign a three-year, entry-level contract with the Islanders. He would spend parts of 6 seasons with the Islanders AHL farm team Bridgeport Sound Tigers. During his time with them, he would be named their Sound Tigers AHL Man of the Year twice. 

On October 11, 2020, the Islanders traded Burroughs to the Colorado Avalanche for A.J. Greer. On April 5, 2021, Burroughs would make his NHL debut in a 5-4 win against the Minnesota Wild. He would get his first NHL point two days later when he assisted on a Andre Burakovsky goal in a 8-3 loss to the Wild.

On July 28, 2021, Burroughs would sign a two-year, two-way contract with his hometown Vancouver Canucks. On November 19, 2021, he would score his first NHL goal in a 3-2 win against the Winnipeg Jets.

On July 1, 2023, Burroughs signed a three-year, $3.3 million contract with the San Jose Sharks.

C.C. Lemon

C.C. Lemon is a Japanese soft drink made by Suntory. It is known for its lemon flavor, and for its advertisements featuring characters from the American animated series "The Simpsons". It has been sold in Vietnam since 2014.

Dave &amp; Buster's

Dave & Buster's is an American restaurant and entertainment business. It is headquartered in Dallas, Texas. Each Dave & Buster's has a full-service restaurant, full bar, and a video arcade. It has 156 locations. It was founded in 1982.

Schweppes

Schweppes is a beverage brand that originated in the Republic of Geneva. It is made, bottled and distributed worldwide by multiple international conglomerates, depending on licensing and region, that manufacture and sell soft drinks. It was one of the earliest forms of a soft drink, originally being regular soda water created in 1783.

Craig Conover

Craig Altman Conover (born February 9, 1989) is an American television personality, attorney and businessman. He is best known as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm".

Conover is also known as a guest cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Summer House" and as a former main cast member on the spin-off "Winter House".

Craig Altman Conover was born in Fenwick Island, Delaware on February 9, 1989, as the elder of two sons to Craig Conover Sr., an entrepreneur, and Martha Conover (née Foster), a teacher.

Conover attended Selbyville Middle School and Indian River High School. He won a national championship in a business competition while he was in high school.

Conover graduated from the College of Charleston with his Bachelor of Science degree in 2010. He graduated from the Charleston School of Law in 2014; he did not receive his law degree upon graduation due to his failure to turn in a final thesis paper.

Conover was a member of the Kappa-Chi fraternity.

Conover made his television debut on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" as a main cast member from the first season. The first season was launched on March 3, 2014.

Conover has appeared on "Summer House" in a guest capacity since the fourth season. The fourth season was launched on February 5, 2020.

Conover appeared as a main cast member on a spin-off from "Summer House", "Winter House", for the first two seasons. The first season was launched on October 20, 2021. The second was season launched on October 13, 2022.

Conover took the South Carolina Bar exam on April 17, 2017, and passed. He was sworn in by the South Carolina Bar in February 20, 2018.

Conover founded The Craig Conover Law Firm, based in Charleston, on March 18, 2021.

Conover made his debut as an actor, as Officer Smith in the action thriller film "Reprisal". The film was released on August 31, 2018.

Conover will portray Todd in the horror film "Tuesday's Flu".

Conover and his "Southern Charm" co-star Patricia Altschul released a pillowcase collaboration on March 28, 2019.

Conover founded Sewing Down South, a sewing lifestyle brand, on April 1, 2019. He began sewing in eighth grade home ec class. The company landed a partnership with HSN on June 25, 2020. The first store opened in Charleston on May 15, 2021. The company partnered with HomeGoods on July 19, 2022.

Conover partnered with his "Southern Charm" co-star Leva Bonaparte and her husband Lamar Bonaparte as co-owners of Mesu, in Charleston. The restaurant opened on September 25, 2019.

Conover partnered with his "Southern Charm" co-star Austen Kroll, Chris Maier, Philip Testa, and Jordan Andino as co-owners of Carriage House, in New York City. The restaurant opened on March 29, 2023.

Conover and Kroll partnered with Uptown Hospitality Group as co-owners of By the Way.

Conover and Kroll launched their Pillows and Beer podcast on January 28, 2021. They toured from November 7, 2023, to February 1, 2024.

Conover authored his memoir, "Pillow Talk: What's Wrong with My Sewing?" (). The book was published by Simon & Schuster on March 29, 2022.

Conover resides in Charleston, South Carolina.

Conover was in a relationship with Naomie Olindo between 2014 and September 2017. He was in a relationship with Natalie Hegnauer from early 2020 to early 2021. He has been in a relationship with Paige DeSorbo since October 2021.

Wacky Packages

Wacky Packages are a series of humorous trading cards featuring parodies of consumer products. The cards were produced by Topps beginning in 1967. At the height of their popularity from 1973 to 1975, Wacky Packages were the best-selling Topps product, even more popular than Topps baseball cards, when they were by far the most sold trading card items in the United States.

Garbage Pail Kids

Garbage Pail Kids is a series of sticker trading cards produced by the Topps Company. They were originally released in 1985 and designed to parody the Cabbage Patch Kids dolls, which were popular at the time.

China O'Brien II

China O'Brien II is a 1990 American action movie directed by Robert Clouse and starring Cynthia Rothrock, Richard Norton, Keith Cooke, Frank Magner. It is the sequel to the 1990 movie "China O'Brien" and was distributed by Golden Harvest.

Dourgne

Dourgne is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Dourn

Le Dourn is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Tyler Eckford

Tyler Eckford (born September 8, 1985) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a total of 7 games in the National Hockey League (NHL), all with the New Jersey Devils.

Before playing in the NHL, Eckford played parts of 3 seasons with the Surrey Eagles of the British Columbia Hockey League (BCHL). Eckford would play with them during the 2003-04 and 2004-05 Playoffs. In 2004, they would be eliminated in the semi-final round by the Nanaimo Clippers and in 2005, they defeated the Vernon Vipers four games to one to win the Fred Page Cup.

Eckford was drafted 217th overall by the New Jersey Devils in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. After being drafted, Eckford decided to play college ice hockey at the University of Alaska Fairbanks with the Nanooks. He would play three years at Alaska. During his time playing there, he would become the first Nanooks players to be named to the CCHA All-Conference First Team.

On November 20, 2009, Eckford would make his NHL debut in a 3-2 shootout loss to the Nashville Predators. He would mainly spend his time with New Jersey's AHL farm teams, the Lowell and Albany Devils. On November 21, 2009, Eckford would record his first NHL point when he assisted on a Brian Rolston powerplay goal in a 5-3 loss to the Dallas Stars.

On July 4, 2011, Eckford signed a one-year contract with the Phoenix Coyotes. he would play the season with their AHL farm team, the Portland Pirates.

On July 10, 2012, Eckford signed a two-year, two-way contract with the Ottawa Senators but only played 2 seasons with their AHL farm team Binghamton Senators.

Durfort, Tarn

Durfort is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Escoussens

Escoussens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Michael Marmot

Sir Michael Gideon Marmot CH FRCP FFPM FMedSci FBA (born 26 February 1945) is Professor of Epidemiology and Public Health at University College London. He is the Director of The UCL Institute of Health Equity. Marmot has led research groups on health inequalities for over thirty years, working for various international and governmental bodies. In 2023, he was elected to the American Philosophical Society. He was the President of the British Medical Association June 2010 to June 2011.

Marmot has advised the WHO. He was chair of the Commission on Social Determinants of Health , which was set up by the World Health Organization 2005, and in August 2008 he produced for the commission a report called "Closing the Gap in a Generation".

Escroux

Escroux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Espérausses

Espérausses is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Fauch

Fauch is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Faussergues

Faussergues is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Fayssac

Fayssac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Fénols

Fénols is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Florentin, Tarn

Florentin is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Margnès

Le Margnès is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Fontrieu.

Fontrieu

Fontrieu is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Castelnau-de-Brassac (the seat), Ferrières and Le Margnès.

Portable classroom

A Portable classroom is a type of portable building. It is installed at a school to temporarily and quickly provide additional classroom space where there is a shortage of capacity. They are designed, so they may be removed once the capacity situation abates, whether by a permanent addition to the school, another school being opened in the area, or a reduction in student population. They are similar to trailers.

Fraissines

Fraissines is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Frausseilles

Frausseilles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Squirt (soft drink)

Squirt is a caffeine-free, grapefruit-flavored, carbonated soft drink. It was created in 1938 in Phoenix, Arizona. It competes primarily against The Coca-Cola Company's Fresca. It is manufactured by Keurig Dr Pepper.

Sun Drop

Sun Drop is a citrus-flavored soft drink produced by Keurig Dr Pepper with a yellowish-green color. It is known for its high caffeine content. It was developed in Missouri by Charles Lazier, a salesman of beverage concentrates.

Le Fraysse

Le Fraysse is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Maggiano's Little Italy

Maggiano's Little Italy is an American casual dining restaurant chain. It specializes in Italian-American cuisine. It has 52 restaurants. It was founded in Chicago's River North neighborhood, at Clark Street and Grand Avenue in 1991.

Fréjairolles

Fréjairolles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Emilian dialects

Emilian is a European language, spoken in the Italian region of Emilia. It is official language of Emilia region.

Philautus disgregus

The Malaysian bubble-nest frog or disparate bubble-nest frog ("Philautus disgregus") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it as high as 300 meters above sea level.

Fréjeville

Fréjeville is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

On the Border Mexican Grill &amp; Cantina

On the Border Mexican Grill & Cantina is a chain of Tex-Mex food casual dining restaurants located in the United States and South Korea. It has 150 restaurants. The restaurant is known for its selection of fajitas and wide selection of margaritas. It is also known for "Guacamole Live," the preparation of fresh guacamole tableside.

Romano's Macaroni Grill

Romano's Macaroni Grill is a casual dining restaurant chain specializing in Italian-American cuisine. It has 32 locations. It was founded by restaurateur Philip J. Romano in Leon Springs, Texas on April 19, 1988.

Fuddruckers

Fuddruckers is an American fast casual, franchised restaurant chain that specializes in hamburgers. Its concept is to offer large hamburgers in which the meat is ground on-site and buns are baked on the premises. It has 64 locations. It was founded in 1979.

Tomonobu Yokoyama

Yokoyama died from brain cancer on 4 January 2024, at the age of 38.

Decades Rock Live!

Decades Rock Live! is an American TV series of live concerts. The program premiered on VH1 Classic in the winter of 2006.

Lineups included:

Carl-Erik Asplund

Carl-Erik Asplund (14 September 1923 – 8 January 2024) was a Swedish speed skater who won a bronze medal in the 10000 m event at the 1952 Winter Olympics. In the 1500 metres event he finished fourth and in the 5000 metres competition he finished sixth. Asplund was born in Föllinge, Sweden.

Asplund turned 100 on 14 September 2023. He died four months later on 8 January 2024.

Terry Bisson

Terry Ballantine Bisson (February 12, 1942 – January 10, 2024) was an American science fiction and fantasy writer. He was best known for his short stories. His best known works were "Bears Discover Fire", which won the Hugo Award and the Nebula Award, and "They're Made Out of Meat".

Bisson died on January 10, 2024, at the age of 81. 

Gennady Yakovlev

Gennady Pavlovich Yakovlev (; 7 June 1938 – 12 January 2024) was a Russian botanist, rector of the St. Petersburg Academy of Chemical Pharmaceutical and head of the department of pharmacognosy. He was a professor of the department of pharmacognosy, part-time leading scientist of the Botanical Institute. V.L. Komarov, taxonomist of higher plants. G.P. Yakovlev was one of the leading experts in the systematics of legumes, as well as a specialist in the field of pharmacognosy.

He took part in projects to study the flora of Cuba, Vietnam, Mongolia, Central Asia, the European part of the USSR, etc.

Yakovlev died on 12 January 2024, at the age of 85.



Biberach an der Riß

Biberach an der Riß or simply Biberach is a town in southern Germany. It is the capital of Biberach, in Upper Swabia, Baden-Württemberg. It is after the small river Riß which flows through the town. About 32,000 people live there. There are museums like the Braith-Mali-Museum and Wieland-Museum. Biberach is known for the "Biberacher Schützenfest", a festival for children and town, which is held annually in July and lasts nine days. There are large industry companies in the town like Boehringer Ingelheim, EnBW, Handtmann, KaVo Dental GmbH and Liebherr.

Biberach an der Riß is twinned with:


Eichstetten am Kaiserstuhl

Eichstetten am Kaiserstuhl is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Eisenbach

Eisenbach is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

HIM (Finnish band)

HIM was a Finnish gothic rock band from Helsinki. They were formed in 1991. On 5 March 2017, HIM announced that the band would be disbanding following a farewell tour in 2017. The band played its last show on New Year's Eve 2017 as a part of its annual Helldone Festival.

Kensington security slot

The Kensington security slot is part of an anti-theft system designed by Kensington Computer Products Group . It is available in many electronic devices, particularly those of greater value but of little weight or size. It is made by a small, metal-reinforced hole, in which a padlock tied by means of a cable can be attached to a fixed object to prevent the device from being pulled. 

Ian James Corlett

Ian James Corlett is a Canadian voice actor known for voicing taz in canada Spiderman and many characters

Paige DeSorbo

Paige DeSorbo (born November 6, 1992) is an American model, journalist and television personality. She is best known as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Summer House".

DeSorbo is also known as a former main cast member on the spin-off "Winter House" and as a guest cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm".

Paige DeSorbo was born in New York, New York City on November 6, 1992. Her parents are Gary DeSorbo and Kimberly DeSorbo.

DeSorbo attended Academy of the Holy Names. She graduated from the College of Saint Rose with her bachelor's degree in broadcast journalism in 2015.

DeSorbo began her career as a model at the age of five. She stopped modeling in 2010.

DeSorbo has appeared in television adverts. She once appeared in Teen Vogue. She is featured on a series of teen fiction book covers.

DeSorbo interned at CBS 6 in Niskayuna.

DeSorbo worked as the executive assistant to the vice president of unscripted TV at ABC and as a fashion writer for Betches. She lost both these jobs when she began filming for "Summer House".

DeSorbo made her television debut when she joined the main cast of the Bravo reality television series "Summer House" from the third season on March 4, 2019.

DeSorbo appeared as a main cast member on a spin-off from "Summer House", "Winter House", for the first two seasons. The first season premiered on October 20, 2021. The second season premiered on October 13, 2022.

DeSorbo has appeared on "Southern Charm" in a guest capacity since the eighth season premiered on June 23, 2022.

DeSorbo made her debut as an actress in 2020, as Tracy in "Spare Me".

DeSorbo and her "Summer House" co-star Hannah Berner launched their Giggly Squad podcast on October 27, 2020.

DeSorbo resides in New York City.

DeSorbo was in a relationship with Perry Rahbar between September 2019 and October 2020. She has been in a relationship with Craig Conover since October 2021.

Supermac's

Supermac's is an Irish fast food restaurant chain. It first opened in 1978. It has 118 restaurants in Ireland. Its head office is in the Ballybrit Business Park in Ballybrit, County Galway.

Nipomo, California

Nipomo is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Luis Obispo County, California, United States.

Orcutt, California

Orcutt is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Barbara County, California, United States.

Isla Vista, California

Isla Vista is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Barbara County, California, United States.

Live Oak, Santa Cruz County, California

Live Oak is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Cruz County, California, United States.

Prunedale, California

Prunedale is a census-designated place (CDP) in Monterey County, California, United States.

Smith River, California

Smith River is a census-designated place (CDP) in Del Norte County, California, United States.

Hamilton City, California

Hamilton City is a census-designated place (CDP) in Glenn County, California, United States.

Hiouchi, California

Hiouchi is a census-designated place (CDP) in Del Norte County, California, United States.

Smoky Mountain Rain

"Smoky Mountain Rain" is a 1980 song by country singer Ronnie Milsap and was the first and only single from his greatest hits album "Greatest Hits". It went to number 24 in the United States and topped the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. It was reworked in 2019 as a duet with Dolly Parton.

Rudolph I of Germany

Rudolf I (1 May 1218 – 15 July 1291) was the first King of Germany from the House of Habsburg. The first of the count-kings of Germany, he reigned from 1273 until his death.

13 January 2024 al-Dailami Air Base missile strike

On 13 January 2024, the "USS Carney", an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy, launched Tomahawk cruise missiles against the Houthi movement. The missile hit and destroyed a radar facility at the Houthi-controlled al-Dailami Air Base in Yemen. This was done as a “follow-on action” to the large scale missile strikes conducted by a United States-United Kingdom-led coalition the day before.


George I, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont

George I (6 May 1747 – 9 September 1813) was Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1812 to 1813.He was the son of Karl August, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and Christiane Henriette, Countess Palatine of Zweibrücken.

Dennō Senshi Porygon

"Dennō Senshi Porygon" (Japanese: でんのうせんしポリゴン, Hepburn: Dennō Senshi Porigon, translated as "Computer Warrior Porygon", although more commonly "Electric Soldier Porygon") is the 38th episode of the Pokémon anime's first season. It only aired once in Japan on December 16, 1997.

In the episode, Ash and his friends find that there is something wrong with the Poké Ball transmitting device at the nearby Pokémon Center. To find out what is wrong, they must go inside the machine.

The episode is controversial because in a few scenes, it had repetitive flashing lights that caused epileptic seizures to several Japanese viewers. More than 600 children across Japan were taken to hospitals. The incident is referred to in Japan as the "Pokémon Shock" (ポケモンショック, Pokemon Shokku).

Because of the incident, the episode was banned and it has not aired since. The Pokémon anime went into a four-month pause.

William II of Holland

William II (February 1227 – 28 January 1256) was the Count of Holland and Zeeland from 1234 until his death. He was elected anti-king of Germany in 1248 and ruled as sole king from 1254 onwards.

Inside Out 2

Inside Out 2 is an upcoming American animated movie set to release on June 14, 2024. It is the sequel to the movie "Inside Out."

<br><br><br><br>

Floris IV (Count of Holland)

Floris IV (24 June 1210 – 19 July 1234) was the count of Holland from 1222 to 1234. He was born in The Hague, a son of William I of Holland and his first wife, Adelaide of Guelders.

Floris V (Count of Holland)

Floris V (24 June 1254 – 27 June 1296) reigned as Count of Holland and Zeeland from 1256 until 1296. His life was documented in detail in the Rijmkroniek by Melis Stoke,

William I (Count of Holland)

William I (c. 1167 – 4 February 1222) was count of Holland from 1203 to 1222. He was the younger son of Floris III and Ada of Huntingdon.

Ada (Count of Holland)

Ada ( – 1234/37) was Countess regnant of Holland between 1203 and 1207, ruling jointly with her husband, Louis II of Loon. She was deposed and exiled by her paternal uncle, William I.

John I (Count of Holland)

John I (1284 – 10 November 1299) was Count of Holland and Zeeland as son of Count Floris V. John inherited the county in 1296 after the murder of his father.

Leslie Lamport

Leslie Lamport is a computer scientist and mathematician. He was born on the 7th of Febuary 1941. He is well known for being the creator of LaTeX, a document formatter along with writing the manual for the formatter.

Leslie was born into a family of Jewish immigrants from Russia and Poland in the city of New York. He was a graduate from the Bronx High School of Science and got a degree in mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Brandeis University in the years 1960, 1963, and 1972.

Software categories

Software categories are groups of software. They allow software to be looked at in those categories, instead of looking at each package of software. There are different ways of putting software into categories which each look at the differences of the software in different ways.

Computer software can be put into categories on how it is used, and what type it is. There are three main types:


Swiss Standard German

Swiss Standard German or Swiss High German is the written form of one of the four official languages of Switzerland. It is mainly written, and not spoken.

Swiss Standard German is the official written language. It is used in books, all official laws, in newspapers, printed notices, most advertising, and other printed writing. Authors write books mainly using Swiss Standard German. 

There are differences in the spelling of Swiss Standard German and Standard German, for example replacing the German ß with ss. For example: 

There are some differences in vocabulary, including using a loanword from another language.
Swiss Standard German is only spoken in very few specific formal situations, such as in news broadcasts, education, and in religious sermons. 

Swiss Standard German and Swiss German dialects has been called a typical case of Diglossia, or when a group of people have two languages or dialects that they use.

Waimangaroa

Waimangaroa is a small town on the West Coast of New Zealand. It is located 17 kilometers north of Westport and 13 kilometers south-east of Granity. It had a primary school that ran until 2012 when it shut down with students going to Westport.

I Pity the Fool

"I Pity the Fool" is a 1961 song by Bobby Bland and was taken from his debut studio album "Two Steps from the Blues". It was covered by The Manish Boys featuring David Bowie in 1965.

Föllinge

Föllinge is a locality in Krokom Municipality in Jämtland County in Sweden. In 2010, 485 people lived there.

Huiakama

Huiakama is a settlement in the Taranaki Region, New Zealand. It is just to the north of Strathmore on State Highway 43. It has a primary school which was founded in 1896.

Strathmore, New Zealand

Strathmore is a settlement in the Taranaki Region, New Zealand. It is east of Stratford on State Highway 43.

Dunnet

Dunnet is a village in Caithness, in the Highland Council Area of Scotland.

Kolyma River

The Kolyma River is a river in northeastern Siberia, Russia. It flows through parts of the Sakha Republic, Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, and Magadan Oblast. The Kolyma river starts where the Kulu and Ayan-Yuryakh rivers meet in the Okhotsk-Kolyma Upland. It then flows south in the Upper Kolyma Highlands and north in the Kolyma Lowland, a flat area with many lakes. Finally, it empties into the Kolyma Gulf of the East Siberian Sea. The river is frozen for about 250 days each year, from October to early June.

The Kolyma river is 2,129 kilometers (1,323 miles) long, and its basin covers 647,000 square kilometers (250,000 square miles). The river's average discharge at Kolymskoye is 3,254 cubic meters per second, with a high of 26,201 cubic meters per second in June 1985 and a low of 30.6 cubic meters per second in April 1979.

In 1640, Dimitry Zyryan traveled overland to the Indigirka river in Sakha republic. In 1641, he sailed down the Indigirka, explored the Alazeya river, and encountered the Chukchis for the first time. He returned to the Indigirka in 1643, sent tribute to Yakutsk, and revisited the Alazeya region. In 1645, he was appointed land administrator of the Kolyma region of Siberia. He returned and died in 1646. In 1641–42, Mikhail Stadukhin, with Semyon Dezhnyov, journeyed overland to the upper Indigirka, built boats, sailed down the Indigirka, met Zyryan, and separated. Stadukhin reached the Kolyma region in 1644 and returned to Yakutsk in 1645.

Baron Eduard Von Toll conducted geological surveys in the Kolyma basin in 1892–94 for the Russian Academy of Sciences, covering 25,000 kilometers in a year. The Kolyma is famous for Gulag labor camps and gold mining, depicted in Varlam Shalamov's "The Kolyma Tales." After the camps closed, subsidies and industries declined, leading to migration. Remaining locals now rely on fishing and hunting.

In August 1929, the Nanuk crew visited Kolyma, and in August 1991, the first Americans since then, Wallace Kaufman and Rebecca Clay, traveled from Ziryanka to Green Cape. In February 2012, scientists reported growing plants from 30,000-year-old Silene stenophylla fruit found near the Kolyma River in permafrost.

Lingling District

Lingling District (Chinese: 零陵) is a northern urban district in Yongzhou, Hunan. Famous attractions include Liuzi Temple, Ping Island and Yangmingshan National Forest Park. Hunan Yongzhou No.1 High School is located here. 

Lengshuitan District

Lengshuitan District (Chinese: 冷水滩区) is a northern urban district of Yongzhou that is home to the city's government. 

Windsor, California

Windsor is a city in Sonoma County, California, United States.

High Hopes (1988 movie)

High Hopes is a 1988 British comedy-drama movie directed by Mike Leigh and starring Phil Davis, Ruth Sheen, Edna Doré, Philip Jackson, Lesley Manville, Heather Tobias, David Bamber, Jason Watkins. It was distributed by Skouras Films.


Vimto

Vimto is a sweet drink created in 1908 in the centre of Manchester by Noel Nichols of Blackburn, Lancashire (1883–1966). He was a wholesaler of herbs, spices and medicines. There was a market for soft drinks because of the temperance movement and the 1908 Licensing Act. It was first sold under the name Vim Tonic, which he shortened to Vimto in 1912. It was registered as a health tonic or medicine, and then re-registered in 1913 as a cordial. In 1910 the business moved to a warehouse at Chapel Street, Salford, then to Old Trafford (1927) and finally (1971) to a state of the art plant in Wythenshawe.
From the 1990s to 2003, Vimto print advertisements used the cartoon character Purple Ronnie, along with slightly rude poems by Giles Andreae, the creator of Purple Ronnie. In 2003, Purple Ronnie was dropped, and a new creative direction was adopted, revolving around the benefits of 'Shlurpling the Purple'. This, in turn, led to the launch in 2006 of Billy and his Dad's Pants – a modern-day morality story in which, despite turning up at the swimming pool with his Dad's pants in the middle of his rolled up towel, Billy wins out with ingenuity and humour. The theme tune 'Dad's Pants' become something of a cult classic, and was based on the Loudon Wainwright III song, "Dead Skunk". A sculpture entitled "A Monument to Vimto" (1992), carved out of an oak tree by Kerry Morrison, is on Granby Row in central Manchester. The sculpture commemorates the fact that Vimto was originally produced on the site.

Grand Terrace, California

Grand Terrace is a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States.

Naomie Olindo

Naomie Olindo (born 4 August 1992) is an American television personality and businesswoman. She is best known as a former cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm".

Naomie Olindo was born in Nice, France on 4 August 1992, as the only child of Joel Andre Olindo (1951–2019) and Carole Olindo.

Olindo and her parents emigrated to the United States in 2000, after winning green cards through a lottery. They settled in Charleston, South Carolina.

Olindo graduated from the College of Charleston. She participated in the school's MBA program.

Olindo made her television debut on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" as a "friend of" from the third to the fifth season. She was upgraded to the main cast for the sixth season. She returned to the main cast for the eighth season.

Olindo co-founded the fashion line L'Abeye in 2018. In October 2022, the company was sued by Virginia "Ginny" Cox, a former co-founder, for fraud, breach of contract, and defamation. The lawsuit was later settled.

Olindo resides in Charleston, South Carolina.

Olindo was in a relationship with Craig Conover between 2014 and September 2017. She was in a relationship with Metul Shah between May 2018 and July 2021. She has been in a relationship since October 2022.

Mammoth Lakes, California

Mammoth Lakes is a town in Mono County, California, United States.

Loomis, California

Loomis is a town in Placer County, California, United States.

Los Altos Hills, California

Los Altos Hills is a town in Santa Clara County, California, United States.

Moraga, California

Moraga is a town in Contra Costa County, California, United States.

San Lorenzo, California

San Lorenzo is a census-designated place (CDP) in Alameda County, California, United States.

Alamo, California

Alamo is a census-designated place (CDP) in Contra Costa County, California, United States.

Ashland, California

Ashland is a census-designated place (CDP) in Alameda County, California, United States.

Richard G. Wilkinson

Richard Gerald Wilkinson (born 1943) is a British social epidemiologist, writer, advocate, and left-wing political activist. He is Professor Emeritus of social epidemiology at the University of Nottingham. He retired in 2008. He is also Honorary Professor of Epidemiology and Public Health at University College London and Visiting Professor at University of York. In 2009, Richard co-founded The Equality Trust. Richard was awarded a 2013 Silver Rose Award from Solidar for championing equality and the 2014 Charles Cully Memorial Medal by the Irish Cancer Society.

In 1976, his article entitled 'Dear David Ennals' was published in "New Society"; at that time, David Ennals was Secretary of State for Social Services. The article led eventually to the 1980 publication of the Black Report on "Inequalities in Health".

He is best known for his book with his partner Kate Pickett "The Spirit Level", first published in 2009, which argues that societies with more equal distribution of incomes have better health, fewer social problems such as violence, drug abuse, teenage births, mental illness, obesity, and others, and are more cohesive than ones in which the gap between the rich and poor is greater. In 2009 they started the Equality Trust, which campaigns for greater income equality.


Bovril

Bovril is the trademarked name of a thick and salty meat extract paste, similar to a yeast extract, developed in the 1870s by John Lawson Johnston. It is sold in a distinctive bulbous jar and as cubes and granules. Bovril is owned and distributed by Unilever UK. It looks and tastes like British Marmite and its Australian equivalent Vegemite but it is not vegetarian.

Bovril can be made into a drink (referred to in the UK as a "beef tea") by diluting with hot water or, less commonly, with milk. It can be used as a flavouring for soups, broth, stews or porridge, or as a spread, especially on toast in a similar fashion to Marmite and Vegemite.

Christian, Crown Prince of Denmark

Christian, Crown Prince of Denmark, Count of Monpezat (Christian Valdemar Henri John; born 15 October 2005) is a member of the Danish royal family. He is the oldest child of King Frederik X and Queen Mary. He is a grandson of Queen Margrethe II. He is first in the line of succession to the Monarchy of Denmark.

Titles, Styles and Honors

Titles

15 October 2005-29 April 2008: His Royal Highness Prince Christian of Denmark 

29 April 2008-14 January 2024 His Royal Highness Prince Christian of Denmark, Count of Monpezat

14 January 2024-present His Royal Highness The Crown Prince of Denmark, Count of Monpezat 

Honors

National Honors 

Orders and Appointments

-Knight of the Order of the Elephant (R.E.) (15 October 2023)

Medals and Decorations 

-Prince Henrik's 75th Birthday Medal (11 June 2009)

-Queen Margrethe II's 70th Birthday Medal (16 April 2010)

-Queen Margrethe II's Ruby Jubilee Medal (14 January 2012)

-Queen Margrethe II's 75th Birthday Medal (16 April 2015)

-Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik's Golden Wedding Anniversary Medal (10 June 2017)

-Prince Henrik's Memorial Medal (11 June 2018)

-Queen Margrethe II's 80th Birthday Medal (16 April 2020)

-Queen Margrethe II's Golden Jubilee Medal (14 January 2022)

Foreign Honor

Norway

-Grand Cross of the Order of Saint Olav (15 October 2023)
Makes No Sense at All

"Makes No Sense at All" is a 1985 song by American punk rock band Hüsker Dü. It is from their fourth studio album "Flip Your Wig". It went to number 2 on the UK indie charts.

Gaillac

Gaillac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Garrevaques

Garrevaques is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Garric

Le Garric is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Garrigues, Tarn

Garrigues is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Gijounet

Gijounet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Giroussens

Giroussens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Graulhet

Graulhet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Grazac, Tarn

Grazac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Guitalens-L'Albarède

Guitalens-L'Albarède is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. The municipality was created on 29 June 2007 from the former communes of Guitalens and Lalbarède.

Guitalens

Guitalens is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. In 2007, it became a part of the new commune of Guitalens-L'Albarède.

Lalbarède

Lalbarède is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. In 2007, it became a part of the new commune of Guitalens-L'Albarède.

Philautus surrufus

The Malindang tree frog or molted tree frog ("Philautus surrufus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines. People have seen it near Mount Malindang between 800 and 2300 meters above sea level.

Itzac

Itzac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Jonquières, Tarn

Jonquières is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Jouqueviel

Jouqueviel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Labarthe-Bleys

Labarthe-Bleys is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Labastide-de-Lévis

Labastide-de-Lévis is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Labastide-Dénat

Labastide-Dénat is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the commune of Puygouzon.

Puygouzon

Puygouzon is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2017, the former commune of Labastide-Dénat was merged into Puygouzon.

Labastide-Gabausse

Labastide-Gabausse is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Labastide-Rouairoux

Labastide-Rouairoux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Labastide-Saint-Georges

Labastide-Saint-Georges is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Labessière-Candeil

Labessière-Candeil is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Laboulbène

Laboulbène is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Laboutarie

Laboutarie is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Black Stone

The Black Stone is a rock set into the eastern corner of the Kaaba, known as Hajarul aswajd or the stone which jibreal (peace be upon him) took and placed there

Labruguière

Labruguière is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lacabarède

Lacabarède is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lacapelle-Pinet

Lacapelle-Pinet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lacapelle-Ségalar

Lacapelle-Ségalar is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lacaune

Lacaune is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lacaze

Lacaze is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lacougotte-Cadoul

Lacougotte-Cadoul is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lacroisille

Lacroisille is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

King Soopers

King Soopers is an American supermarket chain. It is located in the Rocky Mountains of the United States. It started as its own brand, and is now a subsidiary of Kroger. It was founded in 1947. It is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.

Diet Rite

Diet Rite is an American brand of no-calorie soft drinks. It was originally distributed by the RC Cola company. It was introduced in 1955. The brand is now owned by and distributed by Keurig Dr Pepper.

Jolt Cola

Jolt Cola was a carbonated soft drink produced by The Jolt Company, Inc. It was created in 1985 by C. J. Rapp as a highly caffeinated beverage. It was targeted towards students and young professionals, stressing its use as a stimulant in a similar manner as energy drinks.

Winchell's Donuts

Winchell's Donuts is an international doughnut company and coffeehouse chain. It was founded by Verne Winchell on October 8, 1948, in Temple City, California. It has 170 stores in 6 western states, as well as Guam, Saipan, and Saudi Arabia. It is headquartered in the City of Industry, California.

Murder of Craig Sorger

Craig Martin Sorger (February 10, 1990 - February 15, 2003) was a teenager from Ephrata, Washington who was murdered by his then-12-year-old friends Evan Drake Savoie (born 1991) and Jake Lee Eakin (born November 14, 1990).

They were arrested three days later and in 2006 Jake was sentenced to 14 years in prison and Evan was sentenced to 26 years in prison. In 2014 that was reduced to 20 years. 

They are the youngest murder defendants to be charged as adults in Washington state history.

Jake was released in February 2017 and claims to have been born again and is now a anti-abortion activist. However, he was briefly arrested in May 2022 for larceny.

Evan is currently incarcerated and he will be released in 2034.

Belk

Belk is an American department store chain. It was founded in 1888 by William Henry Belk in Monroe, North Carolina. It has 300 locations in 16 states. It is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. Belk stores offer apparel, shoes, accessories, cosmetics, home furnishings, and a wedding registry. 

Benihana

Benihana is an American restaurant company. It was founded by Hiroaki Aoki in New York City in 1964. It is headquartered in Aventura, Florida. It owns or franchises 116 Japanese-influenced restaurants around the world, including its flagship Benihana Teppanyaki brand, as well as the Haru (fusion cuisine) and RA Sushi restaurants.

P.F. Chang's

P.F. Chang's is an American-based, casual dining restaurant chain. It was founded in 1993 by Paul Fleming and Philip Chiang. It has 300 locations in 22 countries. The chain specializes in American Chinese cuisine, plus other Asian dishes.

Phil Buckman

Philip Bradley Buckman (born November 18, 1969) is an American musician and actor. He was the bassist for the rock band Filter from 2010 to 2013. He most recently served as the bassist for Fuel.

2015–16 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2015-16 Red Bull Salzburg season was the 83rd season in club history. They were able to defend their titels in the championship and in the Cup. It was the third double win in a row. In the Championsleague they were defeatet by Malmö FF. In the Europa League play off they lost versus Dinamo Minsk. The U19 team played for the first time in the UEFA Youth League.

American International University-Bangladesh

American International University-Bangladesh (), commonly known by its acronym AIUB, is a private university in Dhaka, Bangladesh. This university was established in 1994 in the capital Dhaka of Bangladesh. It offers several degree programs at the undergraduate and graduate levels from its four faculties.

The university was established in 1994 in Banani, Dhaka as AMA International University Bangladesh, a joint venture between AMA Computer University of the Philippines, and local initiator Anwarul Abedin. Regular academic classes started in 1995. AMA Computer University later left the partnership, and in 2001 the university was renamed American International University-Bangladesh.

The 100 (TV series)

The 100 is an American post-apocalyptic science fiction drama television series. It premieredc on March 19, 2014. The series ended on September 30, 2020. 100 episodes were made. The series follows post-apocalyptic survivors from a space habitat, the Ark, who return to Earth nearly a century after a devastating nuclear apocalypse. The first people sent to Earth are a group of juvenile delinquents who encounter descendants of survivors of the nuclear disaster on the ground.

Chicken Salad Chick

Chicken Salad Chick is a fast casual restaurant chain and franchise of chicken salad restaurants. It is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. It has 280 restaurants and stores in 19 different U.S. states. It was founded in 2008 by Stacy Brown, who was unemployed, divorced, and raising three children. She started selling her homemade chicken salad door-to-door in Auburn, Alabama. 

Research university

A research university or a research-intensive university is a university that is committed to research as a central part of its mission. Academic research is a fundamental aspect of the mission of a research university, which is a specific type of higher education institution.

Five Below

Five Below is an American chain of specialty discount stores. Its products price most of its products at $5 or less, plus a smaller assortment of products priced up to $25. It was founded in 2002 by Tom Vellios and David Schlessinger. It is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The chain is aimed at tweens and teens.

Big Red (soft drink)

Big Red is a soft drink. It was created in 1937 by Grover C Thomsen and R.H. Roark in Waco, Texas. It was originally known as Sun Tang Red Cream Soda. It is an American variety of cream soda and a special off-brand "blue cream soda". The drink is popular in the Southern United States, known for its unique taste and red color.

Mohammed Assaf

Mohammed Assaf is a singer from Palestine who is well known for winning the second season of the Arabic TV show "Arab Idol", which was filmed by the MBC network. Mohammed winning the show caused a lot of media coverage and was liked by people who supported the Palestinian cause. He was born on the 1st of September 1989 in Libya but his parents moved to the Gaza Strip when he was 4 years old. His singing career started when he was 5 years old because he had a voice that allegedly sounded older.

Humerana

Humerana is a genus of frogs in the family Ranidae. They live in southern and southeastern Asia. Scientists first thought of this genus as a smaller genus inside "Rana" and other scientists saw it as a smaller genus inside "Hylarana".

"Humerana" contains the following species:

Yemeni Jews

Yemeni Jews are Jews who live in or used to live in Yemen and follow the traditions of their ancestors. Many Yemeni Jews have however moved to Israel due to the oppression by the official government of Yemen, oppression by militant groups in Yemen such as Ansar Allah and Al-Qaeda. As of 2023, there is only one known Jew left in the country of Yemen.

Xiaomi Auto

Xiaomi Automobile Co., Ltd or Xiaomi Auto () is a automotive subsidiary of Xiaomi.

MIUI

MIUI is a brand that offers a range of innovative and user-friendly products and services. With MIUI 14, they have brought an enhanced user experience with their new generation of smart and sleek features.

Kufic

The Kufic script is a way of writing Arabic that became popular for writing copies of the Quran with and for decorating various holy buildings. The script is written in a arc style with a horizontal orientation. There many different versions of the script such as square Kufic and floriated Kufic.

Harmony Intelligent Mobility Alliance

Harmony Intelligent Mobility Alliance (HIMA) is a revolutionary alliance of intelligent automotive technology, aiming to advance the development of smart automotive technologies with its partners.

The members of the alliance include AITO (Seres Group), Luxeed (Chery), BAIC BluePark (Stelato), and JAC Motors.

AITO (Chinese: 问界汽车) is the brand Huawei collaborates with Seres Group.

Luxeed (Chinese: 智界汽车) is the brand Huawei collaborates with Chery.

Stelato is the brand Huawei collaborates with BAIC BluePark, a subsidiary of BAIC Group.

AITO (marque)

AITO is a brand that brings intelligence to the auto industry, aiming to provide a smarter travel experience. The marque is owned by the Chinese vehicle manufacturer Seres Group and multinational technology corporation Huawei in 2021.

Jacques Lemieux

Jacques Leonard Lemieux (born April 8, 1943) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a total of 19 games in the National Hockey League (NHL), all with the Los Angeles Kings.

Before playing in the NHL, Lemieux played in the Central Professional Hockey League (CPHL). He would play 16 regular season games between two seasons with the Omaha Knights. In his second year with them, the Knights made the playoffs. During he playoffs, Lemieux would record two points off of two assists. The next season, Lemieux would move to the Houston Apollos and would play a season with them. 

Lemieux was drafted 85th overall by the Los Angeles Kings in the 1967 NHL Expansion Draft. He was selected from the Montreal Canadiens. Lemieux would play 16 games with the Kings in his first season. On October 14, 1967, Lemieux would score his first point in the NHL, assisting on a Brian Kilrea goal in a 4-2 win against the Philadelphia Flyers. Lemieux would then split his time between Los Angeles and their AHL farm team Springfield Kings.

He would play a season with the Denver Spurs of the Western Hockey League (WHL) before rejoining the Los Angeles Kings for the playoffs. He would play one game during the playoffs. Lemieux would spend one seasons with the Kings, playing three games with them and recording an assist. He would spend seven games with the Springfield Kings and seven games with the Denver Spurs before ending his professional ice hockey career.

How Many More Years

"How Many More Years" is a 1951 debut single by Howlin' Wolf and was written by Ike Turner. It went to number 4 on the Billboard R&B singles chart and its double-sided hit "Moanin' at Midnight" went to number 10 on the Billboard R&B singles chart.

Big Star

Big Star was an American rock band from Memphis, Tennessee. Alex Chilton (vocals, guitar), Chris Bell (vocals, guitar), Jody Stephens (drums), and Andy Hummel (bass) started the band in 1971.

Tatbir

Tatbir is a ritual done by followers of Shiism to remember Husayn ibn Ali and the Battle of Karbala. It is done using swords or chains and is considered haram by the majority of scholars. It is also seen as cultural to get covered in blood and get it on white clothes or black clothes.

The practice is seen as contested due to modern scholars considering the practice haram and traditional scholars highly encourage the act. (mustahabb) 

Ayatollah Khomeini: 

"No problem in performing this act (tatbir)." "There is no obstacle if it doesn't cause harm, but it shouldn't be practised today."

Halal ✅
Ayatollah Khamenei:

Ali Khamenei, the Supreme Leader of Iran has stated that Tatbir is haram. "Tatbir is a wrongful act ... Tatbir [Qame Zani] is also a fabricated tradition ... Do not practice it, I do not approve. If someone does anything to display their desire to practice Tatbir, I will be deeply disappointed in them."

Haram ❌
Ayatollah Sistani:

Refer to different scholar on issue. "Reviving Hussaini traditions is Mustahabb but one is not allowed to harm the body or the noble reputation of the faith."

No opinion 🆖

Ayatollah Khoei:

Many Grand Ayatollahs state that Ayatollah Khoei allowed tatbir like: Mirza Jawad Tabrezi, Safi Golpaygani, Muhammad Shahroudi, Mofti al-Shia, Sadiq Hussain Shirazi and Taqi Tabatabei Qomi. In a question asked about tatbir with the assumption that it does not harm the person who does it he replied with: "There is no problem in performing such act in itself according to the assumption in the question".

"If blood matam and hitting oneself with chains, which are practiced in Muharram, cause serious harm, or harm or ridicule the religion and sect then it is impermissible."

Halal ✅
Ayatollah Khorsani:

According to Ayatollah Khorsani, tatbir in it's current state is haram but however there is no direct answer if tatbir is 100% halal or haram.

Haram since 2017 ❌

Big Star (disambiguation)

Big Star is an American rock band.

Big Star may also be:


Big Star (Kenny Chesney song)

"Big Star" is a song written by Stephony Smith and recorded by American country music artist Kenny Chesney. It was released in January 2003 as the fourth single from Chesney's 2002 album "No Shoes, No Shirt, No Problems".

The music video was directed by Shaun Silva, and produced by Steve Gainer. It premiered on CMT on January 28, 2003, when CMT named it a "Hot Shot".

Taylor Swift and Kenny Chesney performed the song together twice. The first time was on Swift's Speak Now World Tour during the Nashville, Tennessee show on September 17, 2011.

Adelaide City FC

Adelaide City Football Club, formerly called Adelaide Juventus, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club from Adelaide. It plays in the NPL South Australia.

The club was founded by Italian Australians and has strong connections to Adelaide's Italian community. They gave it the nickname "Juventus" after Juventus FC.

West Adelaide SC

West Adelaide Soccer Club, formerly called West Adelaide Hellas and later the Adelaide Sharks, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club from Adelaide. It plays in the State League 1 South Australia.

The club was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Adelaide's Greek community.

Parramatta Power SC

Parramatta Power Soccer Club was an Australian soccer club from Parramatta, a suburb of Sydney. It played in the National Soccer League (NSL) from 1999 until the league folded in 2004.

The club was backed by the Parramatta Eels rugby league club.

Count of Holland

The counts of Holland ruled over the County of Holland in the Low Countries between the 10th and the 16th century.

Gerolf (r. 880 – 896) 

Dirk I (r. 896 – 931)

Dirk I (r. 931 - 939), 

Dirk II (r. 939 – 988),

Arnulf (r. 988 – 993),

Dirk III (r. 993 – 1039)

Dirk IV (r. 1039 – 1049), 

Floris I (r. 1049 – 1061), 

Dirk V (r. 1061 – 1091), 

Floris II (r. 1091 – 1121), 

Dirk VI (r. 1121 – 1157), 

Floris III (r. 1157 – 1190), 

Dirk VII (r. 1190 – 1203), 

Ada (r. 1203 - 1207), 

Floris II (r. 1203 - 1207), 

William I (r. 1203 – 1222), 

Floris IV (r. 1222 – 1234), 

William II (r. 1234 – 1256), 

Floris V (r. 1256 – 1296), 

John III (r. 1296–1299),

John II 1299–1304

William III 1304-1337

William IV 1337-1345

Margaret I 1345–1354 

William V (r. 1354–1388), 

Albert I (r. 1388–1404), 

"William" VI (r. 1404–1417), 

Jacqueline (r. 1417–1432)

There was a war of succession between uncle (John III, Duke of Bavaria) and niece (Jacqueline, Countess of Hainaut). This war was finally won by Philip the Good in 1433, 

Philip I "the Good" "(r. 1432–1467)"

Charles I "the Bold" (r. 1467–1477)

Mary I "the Rich" (r. 1477–1482)

The county remained in existence as a constituent member state of the Dutch Republic until 1795.

Penrith City SC

Penrith City Soccer Club was an Australian soccer club from Penrith, a suburb of Sydney. It played in the National Soccer League (NSL) from 1984 until 1985.

The club was backed by the Penrith Panthers rugby league club.

Floris II of Holland

Floris II, called Floris the Fat (c. 1085 – 2 March 1121) was the first from the native dynasty of Holland to be called Count of Holland, reigning from 1091 until his death.

Western Suburbs SC (NSW)

Western Suburbs Soccer Club was an Australian soccer club from Sydney. It played in the National Soccer League (NSL) from the league's first season in 1977 until the club maws absorbed by APIA Leichhardt in 1979.

John III of Holland

John III the Pitiless (1374–1425), of the House of Wittelsbach, was first bishop of Liège 1389–1418 and then duke of Bavaria-Straubing and count of Holland and Hainaut 1418–1425.

Football Kingz FC

Football Kingz Football Club was a professional football club from Auckland. The club was the first of its kind in New Zealand.

The club played in the Australian National Soccer League (NSL) from 1999 until the league folded in 2004. The club then became the New Zealand Knights and again played in an Australian league, with the Knights playing in the first A-League season in 2005.

Adam Lowry

Adam Lowry (born March 29, 1993) is an American-born Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He currently plays for the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL). He is also the current captain of the Jets.

Before playing in the NHL, Lowry played parts of 4 seasons with the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League (WHL). In his rookie year, Lowry would win the Daryl K. (Doc) Seaman Trophy in his rookie season for the most player of the year. He would miss a portion of the second season when he was out sick with mononucleosis. On May 1, 2013, Lowry was name as the WHL Player of the Year. 

He was drafted 67th overall by the Winnipeg Jets in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. On April 4, 2013, Lowry would sign a professional tryout contract with the Jets' AHL farm team St. John's IceCaps. He would play 6 games with the IceCaps. On April 16, 2013, Lowry would sign a contract to join the Winnipeg Jets. The Jets would send him back to St. John's. Lowry would help the IceCaps make it to the 2014 Calder Cup Finals. In the finals, the Texas Stars would sweep them to win the championship.

On October 15, 2013, Lowry would make his NHL debut in a 4–2 loss to the Phoenix Coyotes. On October 21, he would score his first goal in the NHL in a 3–1 win against the Carolina Hurricanes.

On July 14, 2016, Lowry would sign a two-year, one-way contract to remain with the Jets. The next season, Lowry would lead the league in defensive zone face-offs with 159. He would end the season by scoring a career-high 15 goals and 14 assists.

Lowry's 2017–18 season would be full of injuries. He would be in and out of the lineup throughout the season with 4 injuries. Lowry would be a major player in the Jets playoff run in 2018. He would help them make it to their first ever Western Conference Final where they would eventually lose to the Vegas Golden Knights four games to one. On July 12, 2018, Lowry would sign a three-year, $8.75 million contract extension with the Jets.

On September 12, 2023, the Winnipeg Jets announced that Lowry would become the team's captain.

Lowry's father Dave was also a professional ice hockey player. Adam was born in St. Louis when his father played for the St. Louis Blues. He would grow up in Calgary, Alberta when his father was the captain of the Calgary Flames.

John II of Holland

John II (1247 – 22 August 1304) was Count of Hainaut, Holland, and Zeeland. John II, born 1247, was the eldest son of John I of Hainaut and Adelaide of Holland.

Falcons 2000 SC

Falcons 2000 Soccer Club, nicknamed the Morwell Falcons, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club from Morwell, Victoria. It plays in the Latrobe Valley Soccer Leagues.

The club was founded by Italian Australians and has strong connections to Gippsland's Italian community.

Dirk VI of Holland

Dirk VI (c. 1114 – 5 August 1157) was Count of Holland between 1121 and 1157, at first, during his minority, under the regency of his mother Petronilla. He was the son of Count Floris II. After his death he was succeeded by his eldest son Floris III.

Floris III of Holland

Floris III (1141 – August 1, 1190) was the count of Holland from 1157 to 1190. He was a son of Dirk VI and Sophia of Rheineck, heiress of Bentheim.

Newcastle Breakers FC

Newcastle Breakers Football Club was an Australian soccer club based in Newcastle. It played in the National Soccer League (NSL).

Newcastle KB United

Newcastle KB United was an Australian soccer club based in Newcastle. It played in the National Soccer League (NSL).

Adamstown Rosebud FC

Adamstown Rosebud Football Club is a semi-professional Australian soccer club based in Adamstown, a suburb of Newcastle. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Northern New South Wales (NPL NNSW).

Brisbane City FC

Brisbane City Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Newmarket, a suburb of Brisbane. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Queensland (NPL QLD).

The club was founded by Italian Australians and has strong connections to Brisbane's Italian community. They gave the club the nickname "i Azzurri" (meaning "the Blues" in Italian), which is also the nickname of Italy's national team. The club's jerseys are blue.

Brisbane Strikers FC

Brisbane Strikers Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Bowen Hills, a suburb of Brisbane. It plays in the Football Queensland Premier League (FQPL).

Canberra City FC

Canberra City Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Bruce, a suburb of Canberra. It plays in the Capital Football State League 1.

Canberra Cosmos FC

Canberra Cosmos Football Club was an Australian soccer club based in Bruce, a suburb of Canberra. It played in the National Soccer League (NSL).

Brunswick Zebras Football Club

Brunswick Zebras Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Brunswick East, a suburb of Melbourne. It plays in the Victorian State League 4 (VSL4).

The club was founded by Italian Australians and has strong connections with Melbourne's Italian community. The club was originally nicknamed "Juventus" (after Juventus FC).

Brunswick Juventus FC

Brunswick Juventus Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Merri-bek, a suburb of Melbourne. It plays in the Victoria Premier League 2 (VPL2).

The club was founded as a breakaway club of Brunswick Zebras FC, after a dispute between Italian Australian-backed clubs in Melbourne. The club is nicknamed "Juventus" after the Serie A club Juventus FC.

Carlton SC

Carlton Soccer Club was an Australian soccer club based in Carlton North, a suburb of Melbourne. It played in the National Soccer League (NSL).

The club had links to the Carlton Blues Australian rules football club.

Dirk VII of Holland

Dirk VII (died 4 November 1203, in Dordrecht) was the count of Holland from 1190 to 1203. He was the elder son of Floris III and Ada of Huntingdon.

Cyrill Demian

Cyrill Demian (1772–1849) was an Austrian-Armenian inventor, Organ maker, and piano maker who on May 6, 1829, along with his sons Karl and Guido, would patent the accordion. This patent would later be granted on May 23, 1829.

Frankston, Victoria

Frankston is a suburb in Melbourne, Victoria. It is in the City of Frankston local government area.

William III of Holland

William the Good (1286 – 7 June 1337) was count of Hainaut (as William I), Avesnes, Holland (as William III), and Zeeland (as William II) from 1304 to his death.

William IV of Holland

William II (1307 – 26 September 1345) was Count of Hainaut from 1337 until his death. He was also Count of Holland (as William IV) and Count of Zeeland. He succeeded his father, Count William I of Hainaut. While away fighting in Prussia, the Frisians revolted. William returned home and was killed at the Battle of Warns.

Margaret I of Holland

Margaret II of Avesnes (1311 – 23 June 1356) was Countess of Hainaut and Countess of Holland (as Margaret I) from 1345 to 1356. She was Holy Roman Empress and Queen of Germany by marriage to Holy Roman Emperor Louis IV the Bavarian.

Gerolf of Holland

Gerolf or Gerulf (c. 850 – 895/896) was the second count of this name who is attested in the area of Friesland (which also included Holland at the time). Gerolf's main area of power seems to have been in Kennemerland. Count Gerolf is often regarded as the founder of the County of Holland,

Masason Foundation

The Masason Foundation is a philanthropic organization dedicated to providing an environment that enables youth with high aspirations and exceptional talents to develop their skills and contribute to the future of humankind.

The Masason Foundation was founded in 2016 by Masayoshi Son, who is the Founder, Chairman, and CEO of SoftBank Group Corp, a Japanese multinational conglomerate. The Vice President of the Masason Foundation is Shinya Yamanaka, a laureate of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.

The Foundation conducts the following programs to support emerging youth innovators:


The Foundation comprises 177 members. The following is a distribution of the ages of the members of the Foundation:

Sea World (Australia)

Sea World is a marine mammal park, oceanarium and amusement park located in Main Beach, a suburb of the Gold Coast in Queensland.

Sea World has many attractions, including rides (including many rollercoasters) and several themed areas. Sea World also has many marine animals. The park is also a place where they rescue and help sick marine animals. Some of the animals at Sea World include dolphins, fish, penguins, polar bears, rays, seals, sea lions, sea turtles an sharks.

The park is one of the five Gold Coast theme parks, and is owned by Village Roadshow Theme Parks, the company that also owns two other theme parks on the Gold Coast (Warner Bros. Movie World and Wet'n'Wild Gold Coast).

Despite the park's name, it is not related to the American theme park chain called SeaWorld, which operates three theme parks in the United States and one in the United Arab Emirates.

Gold Coast theme parks

The Gold Coast theme parks is a term that refers to the five big amusement parks on Queensland's Gold Coast.

The five parks are all popular tourist attractions, attracting many visitors from all around the world each year. They are all among the most visited theme parks in Australia.

The parks have been compared to the Disney theme parks in the Northern Hemisphere (called Disneylands). There are currently no Disneylands in the Southern Hemisphere.

In the 1990s, it was proposed that a Disneyland theme park would be opened on the Gold Coast, the first in the Southern Hemisphere. However, Disney eventually cancelled the plan decided to focus on building a Disneyland in Hong Kong instead. The Hong Kong Disneyland opened in 2005.

Attack on the USS Laboon

The following are attacks on the USS "Laboon", an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy.


Raging Waters Sydney

Raging Waters Sydney, formerly called Wet'n'Wild Sydney, is a waterpark in the suburb of Prospect in Greater Western Sydney.

The park was announced in 2010, began construction in 2011 and was officially opened in 2013. It originally owned by Village Roadshow Theme Parks (who own three theme parks on the Gold Coast), who used the same brand as Wet'n'Wild Gold Coast and several other Wet'n'Wild waterparks around the world.

In 2018, the park was bought by a Spanish company, Parques Reunidos, who renamed it Raging Waters in 2019. The park is the only one outside the United States that is owned and operated by Palace Entertainment, which currently owns 25 attractions (including amusement parks, waterparks and zoos) and hotels across the United States.

Transitional Sovereignty Council of Sudan

The Transitional Sovereignty Council (, 20 August 2019 – 25 October 2021) also called The Fourth Sudanese Sovereignty Council was a military junta that served as the Head of State of Sudan from it's creation in 2019 until it's dissolution in 2021.

The council was first created on 20 August 2019 by Abdel Fattah al-Burhan after he dissolved the Transitional Military Council and where immediately Burhan became the chairman, However, Burhan's role over the new council was weak. Thus, the new council immediately became the head of state of Sudan alongside Burhan.

The council promised to bring peace, stability and prosperity to the country and make Sudan a very safe and secure country. In August 2020, the council along with Burhan signed the Juba Peace Agreement along with the President of South Sudan, Salva Kiir Mayardit. The agreement ended the South Sudanese Civil War and as well as the long and deadly Darfur conflict.

In October 2021, Abdel Fattah al-Burhan led a coup d'état against Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok because Hamdok refused to swear allegiance to Burhan. Immediately after the coup, Burhan announced that he would dissolve the TSC, seize power and declare himself President. The council was eventually dissolved and Burhan immediately seized power and immediately became President.

The members of the TMC were:


Dirk I of Holland

Dirk I was count of West Frisia, later known as the County of Holland. He is thought to have been in office from c. 896 to c. 928 or 939.

Dirk II of Holland

Dirk II or Theoderic II (920/930 – 6 May 988) was a count in West Frisia, and ancestor of the counts of Holland. He was the son and heir of Dirk I and his wife Geva (or Gerberge).

Jacqueline of Holland

Jacqueline ( 15 July 1401 – 8 October 1436), of the House of Wittelsbach, was a noblewoman who ruled the counties of Holland, Zeeland and Hainaut in the Low Countries from 1417 to 1433. She was also Dauphine of France for a short time between 1415 and 1417 and Duchess of Gloucester in the 1420s,

William VI of Holland

William II of Bavaria (5 April 1365—31 May 1417) was Duke of Bavaria-Straubing and count of Holland

Albert I of Holland

Albert I, Duke of Lower Bavaria (25 July 1336 – 13 December 1404), was a feudal ruler of the counties of Holland, Hainaut, and Zeeland in the Low Countries.

William V of Holland

William I, Duke of Bavaria-Straubing ( 12 May 1330 – 15 April 1389, Le Quesnoy), was the second son of Emperor Louis IV and Margaret II of Hainaut. He was also known as William V, Count of Holland, as William III, Count of Hainaut and as William IV, Count of Zeeland.

Arnulf of Holland

Arnulf, also known as Arnoud or Arnold, succeeded his father in 988 as Count of Frisia, which by around AD 1100 would come to be referred to as the county of Holland. He was born in 951 in Ghent

Dirk III of Holland

Dirk III (also called "Dirik" or "Theodoric") was the count with jurisdiction over what would become the county of Holland, often referred to in this period as "West Frisia", from 993 to 27 May 1039.

Dirk IV of Holland

Dirk IV (ca. 1020/1030 – 13 January 1049) was Count of Holland from 1039 to 1049 (which was called Frisia at that time). Dirk's date of birth is unknown but it was probably ca. 1030 or shortly before,

Floris I of Holland

Floris I (born c. 1017 in Vlaardingen – 28 June 1061) was count of Holland, then called Frisia west of the Vlie, from 1049 to 1061.

Dirk V of Holland

Dirk V (1052 – June 17, 1091) was Count of Holland (called Frisia at that time) from 1061 to 1091.

Munawwar Rana

Munawwar Rana (Hindi: मुनव्वर राणा, 26 November 1952 – 14 January 2024) was an Indian Urdu poet. He has also published several "Ghazals".
Munawwar Rana was born in Raebareli in Uttar Pradesh, India in 1952. His relatives, maternal grandmother and maternal grandmother, migrated to Pakistan at the time of Partition of India. But his father, due to his love for India, made India his home. Later his family shifted to Kolkata, West Bengal.

He was honored with the Sahitya Akademi Award in 2014 for "Shahdaba", a poem written by him. But, one year later he returned the award and promised to never again accept a government award due to rising intolerance in the country leading to state sponsored communalism. His daughter, Sumaiya Rana is also a member of the Samajwadi Party (SP), led by Akhilesh Yadav.

Rana died from throat cancer on 14 January 2024. He was aged 71 at the time of his death.


Hinton train collision

The Hinton train collision happened on February 8, 1986 in the town of Dalehurst, Alberta at approximately 08:40 am MST. It happened after the crew of a freight train didn't stop the train for a reason not known and the caboose conductor didn't stop the train. This caused their train to crash head on with a passenger train on the same track. In the disaster, 23 people were confirmed dead and 71 were injured.

The Hinton collision was the deadliest rail disaster in Canada since the Dugald rail accident in 1947. It would be surpassed in 2013 by the Lac-Mégantic rail disaster

In an investigation done by the Canadian government, Justice René P. Foisy would lead a 56-day public inquiry. The investigation would conclude that culture of railroading was to blame, rather than any single person. Intoxication was ruled out as a cause. Jack Hudson, the engineer of the Canadian National Railway freight train was a known heavy smoker, alcoholic and suffered from many health problems. This put him at risk of operating the train and having a heart attack or stroke. The commission put in charge of investigating the crash criticised CN Rail. They said that the company shouldn't have hired Hudson when they knew he had so many health issues. The commission also criticised the lack of communication between Hudson and the caboose conductor Wayne "Smitty" Smith, saying the Smith should have pulled the emergency brake. Smith would testify that he didn't think the train was out of control at the time.

The crash was featured in a season 3 episode of "Mayday" titled "Head On Collision".

Dylan Minnette

Dylan Christopher Minnette (born December 29, 1996) is an American actor and musician. He is known for his role as Clay Jensen in the Netflix drama series "13 Reasons Why".

Minnette was born in Evansville, Indiana, the only child of Robyn and Craig Minnette. The family moved to Champaign, Illinois, where they lived for five years, and later moved to Los Angeles, California, so that he could pursue a career in acting.

Cican Stankovic

Cican Stanković ( born 4 November 1992) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as goalkeeper for AEK Athens in the Greece highest league. He is born in the Bosnia and Herzegovina but plays for the Austria national team.
Till 2007 he played in the youth ranks of different clubs in Lower Austria. 2007 he came to SV Horn. There he played in the first team from 2011 to 2013. 2013 he went on to SV Grödig which was promoted to the Bundesliga then. From 2015 to 2021 he played for FC Red Bull Salzburg. After six years in Salzburg Stankovic moved to Greece to AEK Athens . He received a contract that runs until June 2025. 
Stankovic made his debut for the Austrian U-21 team in June 2014 against the Czech Republic. In May 2018 he was called up to the senior national team squad for the first time. He made his debut in September 2019. He was in the starting line-up in the European Championship qualifier against Latvia. 

St-Hilaire train disaster

The St-Hilaire train disaster happened on June 29, 1864 in the town of Otterburn Park, near Mont-Saint-Hilaire, Quebec at approximately 01:20 am EST. It happened after the crew of a train ignored a stop signal and ended up calling through an open bridge. 

In the disaster, 99 people were believed to be dead and 100 were injured. The St-Hilaire train disaster remains to this day, the deadliest rail disaster in Canadian history.

During an investigation into the incident, engineer William Burnie and conductor Thomas Finn had both ignored a stop signal and proceeded to cross the bridge anyways. This was against the safety laws in the country. The train would call through the open bridge and sink 10 feet into the river below. Burnie escaped while 99 other, along with Finn, died.

On July 16, 1864, Burnie was convicted of negligence and a jury sentenced him to 10 years in prison. Full responsibility would be placed on Grand Trunk Railway by a grand jury on October 5, 1864. They said that Grand Trunk Railway was negligent and mainly responsible for the disaster. The company would only be given a reprimand as punishment.

Lev Rubinstein

Lev Semyonovich Rubinstein (; 19 February 1947 – 14 January 2024) was a Russian poet, essayist and social activist. 
Born on 19 February 1947 in Moscow to Jewish parents, Rubinstein studied philology at Moscow Pedagogical Institute for Correspondence Studies (now: Sholokhov Moscow State University for Humanities). 
He was a founder and member of Moscow Conceptualism.

Rubinstein was hit by a car in Moscow on 8 January 2024, and died of his injuries on 14 January, at the age of 76.

Rubinstein's work has been translated in four English-language books:


Hamza Shahbaz Sharif

Mian Muhammad Hamza Shahbaz (Urdu, Punjabi: میاں حمزہ شہباز; born 6 September 1974) is a Pakistani politician, businessman, and the eldest son of former Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif. He served as the Leader of the Opposition in the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from September 2018 to April 2022, and resumed this role on 20 October 2022 and continued until the dissolution of the assembly. He briefly held the position of Chief Minister of Punjab from 30 April 2022 to 2 May 2022. His tenure as a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab spanned from August 2018 to January 2023. Prior to this, he was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from June 2008 to May 2018.
Hamza, as the eldest of four children, was born to Shehbaz Sharif on September 6, 1974. His mother, Nusrat Shehbaz, is not only Shehbaz Sharif’s cousin but also his first wife, with their marriage taking place in 1973.

After completing his undergraduate studies at Government College, Hamza continued his education by earning an LLB (Honours) from the London School of Economics. He managed the family business during their period of exile.

It has been suggested that Hamza has been married three times. One of these alleged marriages was to Ayesha Ahad Malik in 2010, a claim which Hamza has refuted. In 2012, he tied the knot with Rabia Hamza. When he submitted his nomination papers in 2018, he included the details of his two wives, Mehrunissah Hamza and Rabia Hamza.

A&amp;W Cream Soda

A&W Cream Soda is a cream soda carbonated soft drink made by Keurig Dr Pepper. It was introduced by A&W Root Beer in 1986. It is currently the top brand in cream sodas. In 2017, the product was reformulated to be caffeine free.

Priscilla Chan (philanthropist)

Priscilla Chan is a pediatrician and philanthropist. She is also known for being the wife of Mark Zuckerberg, the co-founder and CEO of Facebook. Priscilla Chan and Mark Zuckerberg are actively involved in various charitable initiatives through the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, focusing on education, science, and issues related to social justice.

Faygo

Faygo is a soft drink company. It is headquartered in Detroit, Michigan. It is owned by the National Beverage Corporation. It was started in Detroit, Michigan in 1907 as Feigenson Brothers Bottling Works. The beverages produced by the company, branded as Faygo or Faygo Pop, are distributed in the Midwestern, Mid-Atlantic, and Central Southern regions of the United States, as well as southern and western Canada.

Shasta (soft drink)

Shasta is an American soft drink manufacturer. It markets a value-priced soft drink line with a wide variety of soda flavors, as well as a few drink mixers. The company name is derived from Mount Shasta in northern California and the associated Shasta Springs.

Dippin' Dots

Dippin' Dots is an ice cream snack. It was invented by Curt Jones in 1988. It is created by flash freezing ice cream mix in liquid nitrogen. It is made by Dippin' Dots, Inc., headquartered in Paducah, Kentucky.

Inca Kola

Inca Kola is a soft drink. It was created in Peru in 1935 by British immigrant Joseph Robinson Lindley. The soda has a sweet, fruity flavor that somewhat resembles its main ingredient, lemon verbena. The Coca-Cola Company owns the Inca Kola trademark everywhere but in Peru.

Blue Bell Creameries

Blue Bell Creameries is an American food company. It manufactures ice cream. It was founded in 1907. It is based in Brenham, Texas. For much of its early history, the company manufactured both ice cream and butter locally. In the mid-20th century, it abandoned butter production and expanded to the entire state of Texas and soon much of the Southern United States.

Conversion to Islam

Conversion to Islam means accepting Islam as your religion and not following any other religion or belief. To convert, a person needs to declare the Shahādah, the Muslim profession of faith, stating, "There is no god but Allah and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah" (Arabic: أَشْهَدُ أَن لا إِلٰهَ إلَّا الله و أَشْهَدُ أَنَ مُحَمَّدًا رَسُول الله). In Islam, it is believed that everyone is born Muslim.

Circumcision (khitan) is a cultural practice in Islam, not mentioned in the Quran but in hadith. Most clerical opinions state that circumcision is not necessary when someone enters the Muslim faith.

Dawah means inviting or calling people to embrace Islam. In Islam, it's about inviting both Muslims and non-Muslims to understand and follow the worship of God as described in the Qur'an and the teachings of Muhammad. Da'wah, the "Call towards God," started with Muhammad, who spread the message of the Quran to humanity. After him, his followers and the Muslim community took on the responsibility of continuing this message. They share information about why and how the Qur'an emphasizes monotheism. Muhammad believed that Islam was the true religion, and his mission as the final prophet was to invite the entire world to embrace Islam. He even wrote to non-Muslim rulers, inviting them to convert.

Counting how many people convert to a religion is hard. Some censuses ask about religion, but not if someone converted. In some places, converting is tough because of laws or social issues, like the death penalty for leaving Islam in some countries. There isn't much data on how many people convert to or leave Islam.

A 2011 study by Pew Research suggests that religious conversion doesn't change the global Muslim population much. Another study in 2015 predicts a small gain of 3.22 million Muslims through conversion by 2050. Islam would be the second-largest religion gaining followers through conversion, after the religiously unaffiliated group.

In the U.S., about 25% of Muslims are converts, and it's estimated that around 20,000 Americans convert to Islam every year. The number of U.S. converts to Islam is similar to those leaving, which is different from other religions.

Globally, Islam has more converts than people leaving, with about 420,000 more converting between 2015 and 2020. However, more people switch from "religious" to "unaffiliated." People changing religions might not affect the growth of the Muslim population much.

In the UK, around 5,000 people convert to Islam annually, and many of them are women. Conversions have doubled in the past 25 years in France. In the U.S., African Americans make up a significant portion of Muslim converts.

Looking ahead, modest gains through religious conversion are expected for Muslims, with most of these gains happening in Sub-Saharan Africa.


BAIC BluePark

BAIC BluePark (北汽蓝谷;BAIC BJEV (Beijing Electric Vehicle Co.) is a Chinese automotive company specializing in the production of electric vehicles. Established in 2009, BAIC BJEV is a subsidiary of the BAIC Group, one of China's largest state-owned automobile and machinery manufacturers.

Arcfox (极狐汽车) is BAIC's premium EV brand operated by BAIC BluePark, established in 2017.

With the Beijing Electric Vehicle Co., Ltd. (BAIC BJEV) was reconsolidated into BAIC BluePark, the battery electric vehicle of Beijing brand, like Beijing EU5, Beijing EU7, are also operated by BAIC BluePark at present.


Nio Inc.

Nio Inc. (; stylized as NIO) is an electric vehicle (EV) manufacturer that was founded in 2014. The company's main goal is to shape a joyful lifestyle for its customers by offering high-performance, premium electric vehicles.

Party City

Party City is an American publicly traded retail chain of party stores. It was founded in 1986 by Steve Mandell in East Hanover, New Jersey. It is the largest retailer of party goods in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. The company operates over 850 company-owned and franchise outlets in over 70 countries around the world under the Party City, Halloween City, Toy City, Factory Card and Party Outlet brands. 

Ace Hardware

Ace Hardware is an American hardware retailers' cooperative. It is based in Oak Brook, Illinois, United States. It is the largest non-grocery retail cooperative in the United States. Founded in 1924 as "Ace Stores", the company changed its name to "Ace Hardware Corporation" in 1931.

Seres Group

SERES Group is a technology-driven manufacturing enterprise that was founded in 1986. With over 16,000 employees, SERES is a leading A-share listed company and one of China's top 500 enterprises.

Seres is a brand of electric vehicle owned by Seres Group. Since 2023, Seres brand has shifted to export brand while AITO became a domestic only brand.

AITO is a brand that collaborates with Huawei for smart electric vehicle. Huawei is leads in the design of AITO models while Seres conducts in production. 

The AITO brand was owned by Seres but was acquired by Huawei in June 2023.
Landian is Seres brand for budget electric vehicles which unveiled in March 2023. The word Landian literally means blue electricity (蓝电) in Chinese.

Fengon (or DFSK Glory for foreign markets) formerly known as Dongfeng Fengguang (东风风光), is the sub-brand of Seres that produces passenger vehicles. Established in 2008, Fengon brand targets at affordable compact MPVs and SUVs. It used to be a joint-venture brand with Dongfeng Group but was fully acquired by Seres Group in 2022.
The DFSK is a brand of Seres' that produces light commercial vehicles. It used to be a joint-venture brand with Dongfeng Group but was fully acquired by Seres Group in 2022. 

CATL

Contemporary Amperex Technology Co. Limited (), abbreviated as CATL, is a global leader in lithium-ion battery development and manufacturing. The company specializes in advancing the research, production, and sales of new energy vehicle power battery systems and energy storage systems. CATL is dedicated to providing cutting-edge solutions for global new energy applications, contributing to the development of renewable energy sources. With a focus on innovation, the company strives to empower customers by delivering high-quality products and services. CATL values its employees and seeks to provide them with a platform for personal and professional growth. Committed to customer satisfaction, the company's team works tirelessly to resolve any issues faced by their clients. CATL's passion for technology leadership and unwavering commitment to quality make them a trusted brand in the industry.

Meat-Shaped Stone

The Meat-Shaped Stone () is a piece of jasper carved into the shape of a piece of Dongpo pork, which is a popular Chinese way of cooking pork belly. It is part of the collection of the National Palace Museum in Taipei, Taiwan. It is not very important to art history, but it is very popular.

The "Meat-Shaped Stone" has been called the "most famous masterpiece" at the National Palace Museum. It, the Jadeite Cabbage and the Mao Gong Ding are called the Three Treasures of the National Palace Museum. The Three Treasures used to be other works that were not displayed as often, before it was changed to mean the current Three Treasures. It has also been picked by the public as the most important item in the museum's collection.

The stone was carved during the Qing dynasty. It was made from banded jasper. The layers of the stone were naturally built over the years. They have various hues.

BAIC Group

Beijing Automotive Group Co., Ltd. (BAIC Group), headquartered in Beijing, is a leading enterprise in China's automotive industry. It has grown into a large conglomerate with a business that encompasses the entire automotive industry chain, including vehicle and component research, development, and manufacturing, automotive service trading, comprehensive mobility services, finance, and investment. With annual revenue exceeding 500 billion CNY, BAIC Group ranks 124th on the Fortune Global.

BAIC Motor (北京汽车) is the main subsidiary of BAIC Group, it is co-owned by BAIC Group and Beijing Municipal Government. It currently operate the Beijing brand

BAIC BluePark (北汽蓝谷) is BAIC Group's subsidiary mainly engaged in the design, research and development and sales of electric automobiles. BAIC BluePark was restructured from its current subsidiary, Beijing Electric Vehicle Co., Ltd. (BAIC BJEV). The company currently operate the brands of Arcfox and EV models of Beijing brand.

Beijing Off-road Vehicles (北京越野) used to be a department under BAIC Group, run by the fully owned subsidiary BAIC Group Off-road Vehicle Co., Ltd.

In January 2020, BAIC announced the independence of Beijing Off-road brand. The Beijing Off-road was independently operated, including development and sales channels, but shares the marque "BEIJING" with BAIC Motor (北京汽车) brand together. The current Beijing Off-road models badged in Chinese name "北京".

BAIC Foton (北汽福田), also known as Foton Motor or Foton, is a subsidiary of BAIC Group that designs and manufactures trucks, buses and sport utility vehicles .

BAIC has a wide product line that includes passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, military vehicles and agricultural machinery and construction machinery.

The Beijing brand is the main passenger vehicle brand of BAIC, operated by multiple subsidiaries of BAIC Group according to different focus. They all share the same BEIJING badges and logos.


Arcfox (极狐汽车) is BAIC's premium EV brand operated by BAIC BluePark, established in 2017.

Beijing (北京汽车) is BAIC Motor's major brand, revived in 2020 after BAIC Group discontinued its Senova brand. All the former Senova vehicles were renamed to Beijing brand since then. Beijing Motor will reorganize the product layout of its three major series in 2023. That is to say, it will focus on the main channel of SUVs, supplemented by sedans and crossovers, including multiple levels and multiple power sources.

Beijing Off-road (北京越野), operated by the fully owned subsidiary, the BAIC Group Off-road Vehicle Co., Ltd., The Beijing Off-road used to be a department of BAIC Motor, but later was acquired back into BAIC Group and independently operated since 2019. The Beijing Off-road models are badged as Chinese characters "北京"(Beijing).

The current Beijing Off-road models badged in Chinese name "北京".

With the Beijing Electric Vehicle Co., Ltd. (BAIC BJEV) was reconsolidated into BAIC BluePark, the battery electric vehicle of Beijing brand, like Beijing EU5, Beijing EU7, are also operated by BAIC BluePark at present. 

Beiqi Foton Motor Co., Ltd. (Foton Motor) is a subsidiary of BAIC which designs and manufactures trucks, buses, sport utility vehicles, and agricultural machinery. It is headquartered in Changping, Beijing.

Ruili is a sub-division of BAIC. They produce their vehicles under the Doda brand.

In 2012, Changhe Automobile was acquired by BAIC Group and became a subsidiary. It began to introduce products based on BAIC's platform.

Beijing Automobile Works Co., Ltd. (BAW) (北汽制造), which produces light off-road vehicles, trucks, and military vehicles, used to be a subsidiary of BAIC Group but was sold to private sector since 2015.

The Beijing Light Automobile Company (BLAC), until 1988 the Beijing Automobile Factory No. 2, started in the late 1960s when production of the independently developed BJ130 began. Its introduction was slowed considerably by the upheavals of the Cultural revolution. In 1984, assembly of the Isuzu Elf/NHR began (originally as the BJ136, later as the BJ1030/1040/1050 series). In 1988, a new plant for these trucks was built with aid from the Japanese, and petrol and diesel light truck engines were also produced. BLAC went bankrupt in 2002.
Like many other peers, BAIC has several joint ventures with foreign automakers—including two with Daimler AG.

Beijing Hyundai Motor Co., Ltd. is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Beijing, China, and is a 50:50 joint-venture between BAIC Motor and Hyundai Motor Company.

The Beijing Benz is joint venture between BAIC Motor and German automaker Daimler AG.

Beijing Foton Daimler Automobile Co., Ltd. is a joint venture between Daimler and a BAIC subsidiary, Foton Motor, which makes commercial trucks.

Huansu is a brand under Beiqi Yinxiang Automobile, a joint venture between Beijing Auto (Beiqi) and the Yinxiang Group from Chongqing.

Weiwang is a brand under Beiqi Yinxiang Automobile, a joint venture between Beijing Auto (Beiqi) and the Yinxiang Group from Chongqing. 
Beijing Jeep Corporation became China's first Sino-western automotive joint venture when it was established in 1984 with American Motors Corporation. Beijing Jeep subsequently became Beijing Benz-DaimlerChrysler Automotive Co Ltd and then Beijing Benz Automotive Co Ltd.

OnePlus 6

The OnePlus 6 is an smartphone made by OnePlus. It was unveiled on 2 May 2018 and went on sale on 21-22 May 2018.

Beauty Obásuyi

Beauty Obasuyi (born 10 July 1985) is a Canadian Chef. She is the founder of an African restaurant, Naija Jollof. She is known for her philanthropic contributions to Nigerian community in Canada.

Obasuyi was born in Benin City, Nigeria. Later in 2009 she moved to Canada with her family. She started her career as a real estate agent. In 2018, Obasuyi founded Naija Jollof, An African restaurant in Westwood. In recent years the restaurant has gained recognition through social media. Recently Obasuyi is attempting to break the Guinness World Record for "'Longest Cooking Marathon"' which was set by an Irish chef, Alan Fisher.

Chery

Chery Automobile Co. Ltd., trading as Chery (), is one of the leading automobile manufacturers in China. Founded in 1997, Chery Automobile Co., Ltd. The company's main campus, Chery Industrial Park, covers an area of 13.5 square kilometers and houses various facilities including a research and development center, manufacturing plants, and vehicle testing tracks. Chery offers a wide range of products, including passenger cars, electric vehicles, and commercial vehicles. With a focus on innovation and technological advancements, Chery has developed several successful models such as the Chery Tiggo compact SUV, Chery Arrizo 5 compact sedan, and Chery eQ electric car. The company also produces engines and auto parts, showcasing its comprehensive capabilities in the automotive industry. On a global scale, Chery has established a strong presence in over 80 countries and regions. The company has successfully set up production bases and sales networks in various countries, including Brazil, Egypt, Iran, Malaysia, and Russia. Chery has also ventured into notable joint ventures and partnerships, such as Chery Jaguar Land Rover in China and Qoros Auto Co., Ltd., a joint venture with Israel Corporation. In terms of market position, Chery has become one of China's largest automobile exporters, exporting vehicles to numerous countries across the globe. The company has consistently achieved strong sales, with its global sales exceeding 700,000 vehicles in multiple years. Chery faces fierce competition from both domestic and international automotive manufacturers but has retained a competitive edge through its focus on innovation, quality, and cost-effectiveness. In recent years, Chery has made significant advancements in electric vehicle technology and has expanded its electric vehicle lineup. The company has also strengthened its presence in the Chinese market by launching new models that cater to changing consumer preferences and demands. As of the latest available information, Chery continues to thrive in the global market, actively expanding its business and exploring new opportunities. The company's commitment to innovation and its ability to adapt to market trends will likely contribute to its continued growth and success. 1997





Exeed (星途) is Chery's premium brand for passenger vehicles, introduced in September 2017.

Jetour (捷途) is Chery's budget brand launched in 2018 under Chery Commercial Vehicle. 
iCar is Chery's EV brand targeting at young customers, launched in April 2023. CATL announced that they will be incorporating their sodium-ion batteries into the Chery iCar.
Luxeed is Chery's premium EV brand in cooperation with Huawei. The first car, a premium electric executive sedan unveiled in November 9th, 2023, and would be the first car to have the Harmony OS 4 system on board.

Karry Auto is a Chinese market only brand founded by Chery in 2009. It specializes in the production of light commercial vehicles and people carriers for passenger transport. Some of the products created for Karry are marketed overseas under different marques by Chery.

Chery markets its vehicles overseas under these brands Jaecoo and Omoda.

Riich brand was discontinued in 2012.
Rely was Chery's brand focused on premium commercial vehicles. It was discontinued in 2012.
Chery operates car-making joint ventures with Jaguar Land Rover and Israel Corporation, and automotive component-manufacturing joint ventures with Arvin Meritor, Johnson Controls, and PPG Industries.

In March 2012, Chery and the UK-based luxury automaker Jaguar Land Rover agreed to invest an initial US$2.78 billion in a new China-based joint venture that will sell and manufacture Jaguar and Land Rover vehicles and engines, as well as establish a research and development facility and create a new "own-brand" automobile marque. The joint venture received regulatory approval in September 2012. An initial production base will be built in Changshu, a county-level city close to Shanghai.

In 2013 Chery began manufacturing a redesigned MOKE revival. The design evokes the classic Mini Moke built from 1964 until 1993.

Its first car-making joint venture with a foreign firm, Qoros was established by Chery in cooperation with Israel Corporation in 2007, and planned to begin sales in 2013. Set to unveil a sedan atop a brand-new platform at the 2013 Shanghai Auto Show, Qoros' debut models will not be electric vehicles (as some sources may have reported). A proposed production base for the venture will be built in Changshu, Jiangsu province, and become operational in 2012. Production capacity will be 150,000 units a year, but the location may not run at full capacity until 2015 or 2016. While Qoros professes its desire to sell to young city dwellers in China and Europe, The company does have plans to include electric vehicles in its lineup.

Higher-end Qoros cars are built with components and systems from foreign suppliers such as American Visteon and French Valeo. Its engine design also required assistance from a foreign firm, and Qoros has attracted western talent including former employees of Volkswagen and Mini. It has sites in Austria and Germany as of 2012.

Although initially known as Chery Quantum Auto Co Ltd, its legal name is now Qoros Auto Co Ltd. The eponymous brand name sounds like the English word "chorus".

Exeed

Exeed (; stylized in all caps) is an exceptional luxury vehicle brand that was owned by Chery.


Omoda

OMODA is a pioneering automotive brand that is shaping the future of transportation. The Marque is owned by Chery.

Luxeed

Luxeed is a marque owned between Chery and Huawei (with Harmony Intelligent Mobility Alliance).

Hires Root Beer

Hires Root Beer was an American brand of root beer. It was manufactured by Keurig Dr Pepper. It was introduced in 1876. It was one of the longest continuously made soft drinks in the United States. As of 2023, the Keurig Dr. Pepper web page no longer lists Hires among its list of brands on the all products listing search on its website.

Seres (automobiles)

SERES is a leading brand in the development of intelligent electric vehicles, with a wide range of products aimed at providing sustainable transportation solutions for everyone. With a focus on continuous innovation, SERES is not only dedicated to enhancing its products but also expanding its global reach. 

In January 2016, the startup 'SF Motors' was founded in the Californian city of Santa Clara, which was created on the initiative of the Chinese concern Sokon Group. The goal was to develop electric cars with both home markets in mind: United States and China. At the end of 2016, former co-founder of Tesla Motors, Martin Eberhard, joined the company's team. In September 2017, the Chinese government approved the production of electric cars in the country. In the same year, SF Motors also expanded its presence in the United States, establishing cooperation with University of Michigan in the field of autonomous car technology, and acquiring the former AM General plant in Mishawaka as one of the company's two future vehicle manufacturing facilities.

In March 2018, SF Motors unveiled its first two prototypes previewing the formulation of its future range of production electric cars, SF6 and SF7. A year later, in April 2019, the startup announced that it was changing its name to Seres, while presenting the first production car - the Seres SF5 crossover. In July of the same year, Seres announced the suspension of plans to debut on the American market, as well as the dismissal of 90 employees in United States due to the unsatisfactory financial results of the startup's Chinese branch.

In April 2021, Seres presented the result of cooperation with the Chinese giant of the electronics industry Huawei - a modernized variant of the SF5 model. The partner was responsible for the infotainment and sound system, as well as the new generation hybrid drive. Distribution of the vehicle started in the same month in selected Huawei showrooms in China. Already in 2022, the car completely disappeared from the Chinese market, after changes in styling, it was further sold under the new Aito brand as Aito M5. At the same time, under the new name Seres 5, the vehicle remained in production under the parent brand, from then on being an export product on selected global markets. 

The first region outside China where Seres cars went on sale was Europe, however, initially it was done only on the initiative of private, independent companies. In December 2020, the Dutch company Green Mobility Group Europe started official distribution and sales of the Seres brand on the first export market, in Netherlands. The vehicle that created this offer was the brand's second production model - the city electric crossover Seres 3 which is a similar design to the Dongfeng Fengon E3 model offered in China. Shortly after its debut on the Dutch market, the market range of the Seres 3 model was also expanded to include the neighboring German market. In this market, its distribution was handled by the local company INDIMO Automotive GmbH. In September 2021, thanks to the international company Busnex, Seres 3 went on sale also in Poland. 

Less than 3 years after the launch of the first Seres for export, in the second half of 2023, the company officially started operating as an authorized distributor of its vehicles, initially in three large regions, when, apart from the previously known "3", the larger "5" and "7" were also presented in a modernized form. In October, Seres began operations in Brazil, in turn, in the meantime, the company also launched distribution in Indonesia, presenting another model there - an electric microcar E1, borrowed from the Chinese range of sister brand Fengon.

Seres is a brand of electric vehicle owned by Seres Group. Since 2023, Seres brand has shifted to export-focus brand while AITO became a domestic only brand.

AITO is a brand Seres Automobile collaborates with Huawei for smart electric vehicle. Huawei is leads in the design of AITO models while Seres conducts in production. It is only operated in Chinese market.

The AITO brand was owned by Seres but was owned by Huawei in June 2023.

Landian is Seres brand for budget electric vehicles which unveiled in March 2023. The word Landian literally means blue electricity (蓝电) in Chinese.

Alcatel

Alcatel Mobile, also known as Alcatel, is a Chinese mobile phone brand that is a subsidiary of TCL Communication Technology Holdings Limited. The company's history can be traced back to 2004 when it was established as a joint venture between TCL Corporation and Alcatel-Lucent. TCL Corporation, a Chinese multinational electronics company, entered into a licensing agreement with Alcatel-Lucent to use the Alcatel brand for its mobile phones. This joint venture allowed TCL Corporation to tap into Alcatel-Lucent's expertise in telecommunications while leveraging its own manufacturing capabilities. Alcatel's headquarters is located in Huizhou, Guangdong Province, China. From there, the company operates its research and development, manufacturing, and marketing activities. The headquarters serves as the main hub for Alcatel's global operations. Alcatel primarily offers mobile phones and smartphones to consumers worldwide. Their product lineup includes a range of devices, from entry-level smartphones to high-end flagship models. Additionally, the company also manufactures tablets and other mobile accessories. On a global scale, Alcatel operates in numerous countries, including key markets such as Europe, North America, and Asia. The company has established subsidiaries and partnerships to strengthen its presence in various regions. Notably, Alcatel has collaborated with mobile network operators and distributors to expand its market reach and enhance distribution channels. In terms of market position, Alcatel has gained recognition as a competitive player in the mobile phone industry. The brand has experienced significant growth and has carved a niche for itself in the affordable smartphone segment. While facing tough competition from other Chinese manufacturers, Alcatel has managed to establish a loyal customer base through its cost-effective devices and innovative features. Major events in Alcatel's growth include its acquisition by TCL Corporation in 2005, which provided the company with additional resources and support for expansion. The launch of their popular OneTouch series of smartphones also contributed to their success and brand recognition. As for the current status of Alcatel, the latest updates indicate that TCL Communication Technology Holdings Limited, the parent company of Alcatel, has announced its plans to rebrand Alcatel to TCL in a strategic move to consolidate its smartphone business. This rebranding aims to align the brand's image and strengthen the synergy between TCL's various product lines. In conclusion, Alcatel Mobile is a Chinese mobile phone brand that has gained recognition for its affordable smartphones and tablets. With a global presence and a strong market position, the brand continues to expand its offerings and adapt to the evolving smartphone market. The company's latest strategic move to rebrand demonstrates its commitment to growth and synergy within the TCL ecosystem.
Mobileye

Mobileye is an Israeli technology company that specializes in developing advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and autonomous driving solutions. Founded in 1999 by Amnon Shashua and Ziv Aviram, the company is headquartered in Jerusalem, Israel. Mobileye's main products and services include camera-based systems that provide computer vision and machine learning capabilities to enable vehicles to perceive their surroundings and make intelligent decisions. These systems, known as EyeQ chips, are used by automotive manufacturers worldwide to enhance the safety and efficiency of their vehicles. Mobileye's technology can detect pedestrians, vehicles, traffic signs, and other objects, helping drivers avoid collisions and stay on the road. On a global scale, Mobileye has established strong partnerships and collaborations with various automotive companies. One of its noteworthy partnerships is with Intel, which acquired the company in 2017. Together, Mobileye and Intel are working on developing and deploying autonomous driving technology in a range of vehicle types, including cars, buses, and trucks. Mobileye also has collaborations with BMW, Volkswagen, Nissan, and numerous other automotive manufacturers. With its innovative technology and extensive partnerships, Mobileye has secured a leading position in the ADAS market. Its products are widely used in both consumer vehicles and commercial fleets, contributing to the company's global sales growth. Mobileye's market position has been further strengthened by its investments in research and development, as well as its continuous efforts to improve and expand its product lineup. In recent years, Mobileye has made notable advancements in autonomous driving technology. It has undertaken several major initiatives, such as the deployment of self-driving taxis in Tel Aviv, Israel, in collaboration with the local authorities. This initiative showcases Mobileye's commitment to enabling safe and efficient autonomous driving on a large scale. As of the latest information available, Mobileye continues to thrive as a leading provider of ADAS and autonomous driving solutions. Its focus on innovation, strategic partnerships, and global market expansion has positioned the company for further growth and success in the automotive industry.

JAC Group

JAC Group (; officially Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Group Corp.,Ltd.) is a state owned manufacturer owned by JAG. Jianghuai Automobile Group offers a wide range of products and services under the brand name JAC. JAC specializes in the production of passenger cars and commercial vehicles, with a focus on providing quality and reliable transportation solutions. Their lineup includes various models such as the JAC iEV, A5 PLUS, X6, X7, and E40X, among others. These vehicles are designed to meet the needs of different customers.

JAC as the main brand, has gone through multiple transition during last decades. Originally, JAC has several products line. The Heyue for sedans, hatchbacks, MPVs, and SUVs, the Refine for large MPVs/minivans and vans.

In 2017, the Heyue series was discontinued and the final models were replaced by electric variants.

In 2019, a new series, Jiayue, was introduced. Multiple Refine vehicles have been facelifted and moved to this series.

In 2020, JAC started to rebadge JAC Jiayue series models to Sehol brand, resulted in the Sehol A5, Sehol X4, Sehol X7. The rebadge is in fact a move to move all sedans and SUV under the Sehol brand.

In 2023, JAC revealed that they decided to phase out the Sehol brand in the future, several Sehol models, like QX, A5 and X8, were rebadged back to JAC brand.

Sehol (思皓) was established in 2018 as a joint venture between JAC and Volkswagen, originally positioned as a brand for pure electric vehicles. In 2020, the Volkswagen Group increased its stake in the joint venture, JAC Volkswagen, to 75% and officially renamed Volkswagen Anhui. The Sehol brand has been licensed for use by JAC, essentially making it no longer a joint venture brand.

In 2023, JAC revealed that they decided to phase out the Sehol brand in the future.

JAC Yiwei (江淮钇为) is JAC's brand for entry-level passenger EV, launched in April 2023.

JAC Refine (江淮瑞风) was a brand of JAC for commercial MPV/Van. In 2020, JAC Refine was became as an independent brand from the MPV product line of JAC.

JAC announced a pair of joint ventures with Navistar International Corporation , NC2 Global (itself a Navistar/Caterpillar joint venture). The NC2 joint venture will manufacture heavy duty trucks. The Navistar joint venture, called JAC-Navistar Diesel Engine Company (JND), will build medium to heavy diesel engines in China with parts and services provisioned by Navistar. The new companies will both be located in Hefei where JAC is also based. Cummins purchased Navistar's equity in the engine joint venture in 2018.

Sehol (; Sihao) is a car brand launched on April 24, 2018, by SEAT and JAC Volkswagen Automotive Co., Ltd. joint venture.

The Amazing Digital Circus

The Amazing Digital Circus is an independent animated web series created by Gooseworx and produced by Glitch Production. The series is about a group of humans who attempt to maintain their sanity after becoming trapped inside a circus-themed virtual reality game. The series premiered on October 13, 2023 as a pilot on YouTube.


The pilot for "The Amazing Digital Circus" received great acclaim with "The Beat" writer Justin Guerrero write that the pilot have take the internet and made a massive fandom overnight while also hooking the minds of its viewers and ringing in their hearts. "TheGamer" writer Jade King write that the visuals are colorful and full of humor but, the pilot is quick to bring down that with dark humor and created to keep us asking questions. He also write that it's likely not going to get too dark however, the pilot could bring into this horror.


DFSK Motor

DFSK is a renowned brand in the automotive industry, offering a wide range of innovative products and services. Established in 2003, DFSK has garnered over 3 million users worldwide and achieved an impressive sales record of over 400,000 units in 2017 alone. It's a joint venture between Dongfeng Motor Corporation and Seres Group.

Fengon (or DFSK Glory for foreign markets) formerly known as Dongfeng Fengguang (东风风光), is the sub-brand of Seres that produces passenger vehicles. Established in 2008, Fengon brand targets at affordable compact MPVs and SUVs. It used to be a joint-venture brand with Dengfeng Group but was fully acquired by Seres Group in 2022. The Fengon brand began to replace the former Dongfeng logo and replaced it with its own Fengon logo in models after the acquisition. 

Source:

Car
SUV
MPV/Minivan

SUV



MPV/Minivan

The DFSK is a brand of Seres that produces light commercial vehicles. Currently available products include:


Pepsi Next

Pepsi Next is a discontinued cola-flavored carbonated soft drink. It was produced by PepsiCo. It was a variant of the Pepsi cola range. It was sweetened with high fructose corn syrup, sugar, acesulfame potassium, and sucralose. It was marketed toward drinkers of full-calorie Pepsi, and those who do not enjoy the taste of Diet Pepsi, Pepsi ONE, Pepsi Max, and other diet colas.

Trinitron

Trinitron was Sony's brand name for its line of aperture-grille-based CRTs used in television sets and computer monitors. It was one of the first television systems to enter the market since the 1950s. Constant improvement in the basic technology and attention to overall quality allowed Sony to charge a premium for Trinitron devices into the 1990s.

IGoogle

iGoogle was a customizable Ajax-based start page or personal web portal. It was launched by Google in May 2005. It was discontinued on November 1, 2013. As of October 17, 2007, Google had made the service available in many localized versions in 42 languages, and in over 70 country domain-names.

Dad's Root Beer

Dad's Root Beer is an American brand of root beer. It was created in Chicago in 1937 by Ely Klapman and Barney Berns. It is currently owned by Hedinger Brands, LLC, and sold and marketed by the Dad's Root Beer Company LLC.

Jarritos

Jarritos is a brand of soft drink in Mexico. It was founded in 1950 by Don Francisco "El Güero" Hill and now owned by Novamex. It is made in fruit flavors and is less carbonated than popular soft drinks. Many varieties are naturally flavored. 

Arcfox

ARCFOX is a new eco-friendly brand under the Blue Valley Maigena group. It was founded in 2017 and was owned by BAIC Group.

Arcfox has a one concept car:

Foot Locker

Foot Locker is an American sportswear and footwear retailer. It is headquartered in New York City. Although established in 1974, and founded as a separate company in 1988, Foot Locker's roots date to 1879.

Orange Soda (song)

"Orange Soda" (stylized in all caps) is a song by American rapper Baby Keem. It was released on July 16, 2019 as the lead single from his second mixtape "Die for My Bitch". The song was produced by Baby Keem himself, alongside Keanu Beats. The song was a sleeper hit, becoming Baby Keem's first song to be put on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, entering at number 98 in January 2020.

In the name, "Die for My Bitch" one of the 50 best hip hop projects of 2019, P.A.B., a writer for "XXL" called the track "ethereal", writing that Keem "injects (puts) melody and hilarious boasts into tracks" with his "lithe vocals".

A music video for the song was released on November 13, 2019. It was filmed in New York City and directed by Dave Free.

The song was remixed by American rapper Rich the Kid, which was released in February 2020.

Nella the Princess Knight

Nella the Princess Knight is an American animated children's television series created by Christine Ricci Ph. D.. The series premiered on Nickelodeon on February 6, 2017. Toys produced for the series are manufactured by Vivid Imaginations.

Destination America

Destination America is an American cable television channel. It is owned by the Warner Bros. Discovery Networks unit of Warner Bros. Discovery. The network carries programming focused on the culture of the United States—including food, lifestyles, and travel. It was launched in 1996.

Mountain Dew Code Red

Mountain Dew Code Red is a cherry-flavored carbonated soft drink. It was introduced in 2001, as a flavor extension of the original Mountain Dew. It saw great success and is considered a major player in the cherry-flavored beverage market. This addition marked the first time that the brand had ventured beyond its flagship flavor. 

Famous Dave's

Famous Dave's is a barbecue restaurants chain. It is located primarily located in the Midwestern United States. It serves pork ribs, chicken, beef brisket, and several flavors of barbecue sauce. It was founded in 1994.

Karin Herrera

Karin Larissa Herrera Aguilar (born 25 July 1968) is a Guatemalan biologist, professor, sociologist, and politician who is currently serving as the 18th Vice President of Guatemala since 2024. She is a member of the political party Semilla.

Abdication of Margrethe II

Margrethe II announced her abdication as Queen of Denmark during her New Year's Eve address to the nation on 31 December 2023. She was replaced by her elder son, King Frederik X, on 14 January 2024.

After the death of Elizabeth II on 8 September 2022, Margrethe II became Europe's longest-reigning monarch, the world's only queen regnant, and the longest-serving incumbent female head of state.

Mountain Dew Voltage

Mountain Dew Voltage is a variant of the carbonated soft drink Mountain Dew. It is a blue raspberry/citrus flavor with ginseng. It was introduced in 2008. In November 2007, Mountain Dew launched a campaign called "DEWmocracy" in which the public would elect on new flavors to become part of the brand line.

Zac Brown Band

Zac Brown Band is an American country music band based in Atlanta, Georgia. The band has released seven studio albums along with two live albums, one greatest-hits album, and two extended plays. They have also 16 singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs or Country Airplay chart, of which 13 have reached number 1. 

Daystar Television Network

Daystar Television Network is an American evangelical Christian-based religious television network. It is owned by the Word of God Fellowship, founded by Marcus Lamb in 1993. It is headquartered in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex in Bedford, Texas.

Evelyn Wever-Croes

Evelyna Christina "Evelyn" Wever-Croes (born 5 December 1966) is an Aruban politician and current Prime Minister of Aruba, serving since November 2017. She is the first woman to hold this office. She is a member of the People's Electoral Movement (MEP).

Prime Minister of Aruba

The prime minister of Aruba is de facto head of the executive branch of government. Together with Aruba's Council of Ministers, they form the executive branch of Aruban government.

Nelson Oduber

Nelson Orlando Oduber (born 7 February 1947) is an Aruban politician who served as the 2nd Prime Minister of Aruba from 1989 to 1994 and again from 2001 to 2009.

Mike Eman

Michiel Godfried "Mike" Eman (born September 1, 1961) is an Aruban politician who served as the 3rd Prime Minister of Aruba from 2009 to 2017. 

Henny Eman

Jan Hendrik Albert "Henny" Eman (born 20 March 1948) is an Aruban retired politician. He was the first Prime Minister of Aruba from 1 January 1986 to 9 February 1989 and again from 29 July 1994 to 30 October 2001.

Alfonso Boekhoudt

Juan Alfonso Boekhoudt (; born 27 January 1965) is an Aruban politician serving as the governor of Aruba since 1 January 2017.

Governor of Aruba

The governor of Aruba is the representative on Aruba of the Dutch monarch. The governor's duties are twofold; he represents and guards the general interests of the Kingdom of the Netherlands and is head of the Aruban government.

Olindo Koolman

Olindo Koolman (born 15 April 1942) was the second governor of Aruba and served two terms of six years as governor from 29 January 1992 until 11 August 2004.

Fredis Refunjol

Fredis Jose Refunjol (born 19 December 1950) is an Aruban politician and who served as the 3rd governor of Aruba from 2004 to 2016.

Felipe Tromp

Felipe Benito Tromp (15 October 1917 – 12 August 1995) was the first governor of Aruba after Aruba. He took office as governor on 1 January 1986 and left office on 12 March 1992. He was succeeded by Olindo Koolman.

Tromp died on 12 August 1995, at the age of 77.

Jana Hlaváčová

Jana Hlaváčová (26 March 1938 – 13 January 2024) was a Czech actress. She was born in Prague. Her best known role was in the 2007 movie "Operace Silver A". 

Hlaváčová died on 13 January 2024, at the age of 85.

Raema Lisa Rumbewas

Raema Lisa Rumbewas (10 September 1980 – 14 January 2024) was an Indonesian weightlifter. She was the country's first athlete to have won medals in three Olympic Games. She competed in the women's 48 kg at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won silver with 185.0 kg in total. She won another silver medal at the 2004 Games.

Rumbewas died on 14 January 2024 at the age of 43.

Dror Kashtan

Dror Kashtan (; 1 October 1944 – 15 January 2024) was an Israeli football player and manager. He made three appearances for the Israel national football team in 1962. He also managed the national team from 2006 to 2010.

Moxie

Moxie is a brand of carbonated beverage. It is among the first mass-produced soft drinks in the United States. It was created in 1876 by Augustin Thompson as a patent medicine called "Moxie Nerve Food" and was produced in Lowell, Massachusetts.

IBC Root Beer

IBC Root Beer is an American brand of root beer. It is now owned by Keurig Dr Pepper. It was originally owned by IBC until it went out of business. It was founded in 1919 by the Griesedieck family as the Independent Breweries Company in St. Louis, Missouri.

Lidia Gueiler

Lidia Gueiler Tejada (28 August 1921 – 9 May 2011) was a Bolivian politician. She was the 56th president of Bolivia from 1979 to 1980. She was Bolivia's first female Head of State, and the second female head of state in a republic in the history of the Americas.

Gueiler was born in Cochabamba, to Moisés Gueiler Grunewelt, an immigrant from Germany and a Bolivian mother, Raquel Tejada Albornoz. She received a BA degree from Instituto Americano in Cochabamba. In the 1940s, she joined the Movimiento Nacionalista Revolucionario (MNR).

In 1979, Gueiler again ran for Congress and was elected president of the Chamber of Deputies of Bolivia.

She also became the vice-president of the Revolutionary Left Front.

Gueiler became interim President of Bolivia when the 1979 election results were annulled.

She was the cousin of American actress Raquel Welch and former President Luis García Meza, who removed her from power in 1980.

On 9 May 2011, Gueiler died in La Paz from a long illness. She was 89 years old.


Philautus tytthus

The triangle bubble-nest frog ("Philautus tytthus") is a frog. It lives in Myanmar. Scientists think it might also live in Yunnan, China.

1910 Rogers Pass avalanche

The Rogers Pass Avalanche happened on March 4, 1910 at the Rogers Pass, in the Selkirk Mountains near the town of Revelstoke, British Columbia at approximately 11:00 pm PST. It happened after the train crew were clearing snow from the tracks and an avalanche unexpectedly came down on top of them.

In the disaster, 62 people were believed to be dead and 1 was injured. The Rogers Pass avalanche remains to this day, one of the deadliest rail disaster in Canadian history and the worst avalanche disaster in Canadian history.

After another avalanche destroyed the track in November 1885, worked set up snow sheds near the tracks so they could clean them and keep it safe.

On March 4, 1910, a large amount of snow fell from the nearby mountain and covered the track so a crew was sent to clear the railway. While clearing the rainway, an avalanche fell from the other side. The 91-ton train was sent flying 49 feet in the air and landed upside down. Only one person survived the avalanche. The disaster along with ones before it caused Canadian Pacific Railway to abandon the Pass and instead dig the Connaught Tunnel through Mount Macdonald.

2024 Iranian missile strikes in Iraq and Syria

During the evening of 15 January 2024, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), a branch of the Iranian military, launched ballistic missiles towards the United States Consulate in Erbil, Iraqi Kurdistan as well as an alleged Mossad spy headquarters. The United States stated the attack was a failure as it did not cause damage to the intended targets. However, the attack did lead to the assassination of Peshraw Dizayee, the CEO of Empire World and one of the richest people in Iraq. The IRGC announced in its statement that they had also struck Islamic State forces in northwestern Syria. The IRGC said, these attacks was a response to the assassinations of "resistance elements" by Israel and strike on Syria was in response to recent attacks by terrorists in Rask and Kerman.

The attack occurred at a time when huge number of people particularly Arabs are calling for the departure of United States forces from the region.

Islamic Resistance in Iraq

The Islamic Resistance in Iraq is an umbrella term for pro-Iran insurgent groups in Iraq. These groups all have a similar ideology and are backed by Iran to fight against the Western world and particularly the United States.

These are the groups which are often or sometimes called the "Islamic Resistance in Iraq":



Philip the Good

Philip III the Good ( 31 July 1396 in Dijon – 15 June 1467 in Bruges) ruled as Duke of Burgundy from 1419 until his death. He was a member of a cadet line of the Valois dynasty, to which all 15th-century kings of France belonged. During his reign, the Burgundian State reached the apex of its prosperity and prestige, and became a leading centre of the arts.

Charles I the Bold

Charles I (10 November 1433 – 5 January 1477), nicknamed the Bold was Duke of Burgundy from 1467 to 1477.

Mary I the Rich

Mary of Burgundy (13 February 1457 – 27 March 1482), nicknamed the Rich, was a member of the House of Valois-Burgundy who ruled a collection of states that included the duchies of Limburg, Brabant, Luxembourg, the counties of Namur, Holland, Hainautand other territories, from 1477 until her death in 1482.

Browser extension

A web browser extension is a feature added onto a web browser usually though installing that modifies the normal behavior of a webpage.

Hope, New Zealand

Hope previously known as Ranzau is a small town in the Tasman District. It is located south of Nelson and is sandwiched between Richmond and Wakefield on State Highway 6. It has two primary schools and a community church.

Arcfox Lite

Arcfox Lite is the first electric vehicle born with the new Baic Group and BJEV sub brand "Arcfox".

The vehicle is a compact two-seater with a modern and sporty design, with great customization possibilities.

The project is based on a Tazzari Zero Em1-based licensing agreement with the Italian electric vehicle manufacturer Tazzari EV, which develops and produces electric vehicles in Imola, in Italy's Motor Valley.

Frappuccino

Frappuccino is a line of blended iced coffee drinks. It is sold by Starbucks. It may consist of coffee or crème base, blended with ice and ingredients such as flavored syrups and usually topped with whipped cream and or spices. 

The Chats

The Chats are a punk rock band from Australia. They formed in Sunshine Coast, Queensland in 2016. The band went viral from their song "Smoko" in 2017.




Feist (singer)

Leslie Feist (born February 13, 1976), known mononymously as Feist, is a Canadian indie pop singer-songwriter and guitarist. She performs both as a solo artist and as a member of the indie rock group Broken Social Scene. She launched her solo music career in 1999 with the release of Monarch. Her subsequent studio albums, Let It Die, released in 2004, and The Reminder, released in 2007, were critically acclaimed and commercially successful, selling over 2.5 million copies.

Powerade

Powerade is a sports drink. It is sold by the Coca-Cola Company. Its primary competitor is Gatorade, owned by PepsiCo. It was created by the Coca-Cola Company and first released in 1987.

Abid Sher Ali

Abid Sher Ali is a Pakistani Politician and traveller who had been a member of the National Assembly of the Pakistan from 2002 to 2013 to 2018.

Thums Up

Thums Up is a brand of cola introduced in 1977 to offset the withdrawal of The Coca-Cola Company from India. The brand was later bought by Coca-Cola who re-launched it in order to compete against Pepsi to capture the market.

Sigma Alimentos

Sigma Alimentos is a Mexican multinational food processing and distribution company. It is headquartered in San Pedro, near Monterrey, Mexico. It produces and distributes refrigerated foods, mainly lunch meats, cheeses, and yogurts. It was founded in 1980.

Three Angels Broadcasting Network

Three Angels Broadcasting Network is a Christian media television and radio network. broadcasts Seventh-day Adventist religious, music and health-oriented programming. It is based in West Frankfort, Illinois, United States. It was launched in 1984.

Smile (TV network)

Smile is an American Christian free-to-air television network. It is owned and operated by the Trinity Broadcasting Network. It is aimed at children aged 2-12 and offers a mixture of children's religious and family-oriented programming. It was founded as the television branch of TBN's Smile of a Child ministry, created by TBN co-founder Jan Crouch.

Julia Carpenter

Julia Carpenter is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, commonly in the "Spider-Man" franchise. She was Injected with a mix of spider venom and exotic plant extracts. Becoming a superhero like Spider-Man, Julia became the the second Spider-Woman, and has taken a new identity as Madame Web after a dying Cassandra Webb passed on her abilities.

The character first appeared in "Secret Wars" #6 (October 1984). She is also notable for being one of the main protagonists of the "Avengers West Coast" and "Force Work" storylines, a supporting character in the third "Spider-Woman" series and the main protagonist of her own four-part miniseries.

Julia Carpenter/Spider-Woman made her cinematic debut in "" (2023) as a member of Miguel O'Hara's Spider-Society, and is portrayed by Sydney Sweeney in the Sony's Spider-Man Universe movie "Madame Web" (2024).

Angelica Chain

Angelica Chain (born Angelica Chahin Martínez; May 12, 1956) is a Mexican actress, model and vedette, who is best known for her acting in fichera (Mexican sex comedy) films, many of which she participated playing the couple of another famous Mexican actor, Alfonso Zayas. Chain was once considered a sex symbol in Mexico.

Grace Renat

Grace Prior Marin best know as Grace Renat is a Mexican actress and vedette.

Princesa Lea

Susan Linda Fair better known as Princesa Lea is a Canadian-born Mexican actress, vedette, and dancer.

Planet Smoothie

Planet Smoothie is the third largest American chain of smoothie stores serving smoothies. It was founded in 1995 by Martin Sprock in Atlanta, Georgia. It has 125 locations. In June 2015, Quick-Service Restaurant Franchisor Kahala Brands purchased both Planet Smoothie and Tasti D-Lite.

Sparx (American band)

Sparx is an American New Mexico music band composed of the four Sanchez sisters Verónica, Rosamaria, Kristyna and Carolina. They were known beginning with their childhood career, in the 1980s. In the 1990s they found fame in Mexico and most Latin American countries in addition to success in the United States, recording a variety of styles of songs including pop songs, as well as Latin music classics, corridos, cumbias, ballads, and boleros.

Lizé Santana

Lizette Santana (born September 20, 1980), better known by her stage name Lizé, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer and actress.

Héctor Acosta

Héctor Elpidio Acosta Restituyo best known as Héctor Acosta or El Torito (born May 23, 1967) is a Dominican singer, musician, and politician.

Anthony Santos

Domingo Antonio Santos Muñoz best known as Antony Santos (born May 5, 1967) is a Dominican musician, singer, songwriter, and producer.

Milk Inc.

Milk Inc. is a dance music group that formed in the commercial dance scene in Belgium in 1995. The discography of the group includes a total of seven studio albums and 41 singles.

Venom Energy

Venom Energy is an American brand of energy drink. It is produced by Keurig Dr Pepper of Plano, Texas. It is one of the few energy drinks that uses a thick aluminum bottle. It was introduced in 2002 in a more typical beverage container and was relaunched in the new aluminum bottle and with a new taste in early 2008.

SunnyD

SunnyD is an orange drink. It was developed in 1963 by Doric Foods of Mount Dora, Florida, United States. Additional plants were built in California and Ohio in 1974 and 1978, respectively. The drink is superficially related to orange juice, but also resembles a soft drink without carbonation.

Marty Meehan

Martin Thomas Meehan (born December 30, 1956) is an American academic administrator, politician, and attorney. Since July 2015, Meehan has served as the President of the University of Massachusetts after serving as Chancellor of the University of Massachusetts Lowell since September 2007.

Meehan, a Democrat, served in the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 2007 as the Representative for Massachusetts's 5th congressional district.

Portable building

A Portable building is a building. It is designed and built to be movable rather than permanently located. Smaller version of portable buildings are also known as portable cabins. Portable cabins are prefabricated structures manufactured for uses such as site office, security cabin, accommodation, storage, toilets etc. One of the most common types of portable building is the portable classroom building.

Coco bread

Coco bread is a Jamaican bread eaten on the island and in other areas of the Caribbean. The bread contains milk or coconut milk and is starchy and slightly sweet in taste.

It is made to be split in half and is often stuffed with a Jamaican patty or other filling to form a sandwich. It is a standard item in school cafeterias and bakeries.

2024 Iranian dhow seizure

On 11 January 2024, the United States military conducted an operation to seize control of an Iranian dhow transporting supplies to the Houthi movement. The operation, which resulted in the dhow being sunk as well as two United States Navy SEALs going missing, took place in the Arabian Sea just off the coast of Somalia.

According to the United States military, U.S. Navy SEALs took off from the USS "Lewis B. Puller", an Expeditionary Mobile Base (ESB) with the goal to seize control of an Iranian dhow, which was believed to be transporting supplies to the Houthis. The U.S. Navy SEALs were supported by U.S. military helicopters and UAVs. In the operation, the United States seized control of the vessel and captured parts for Iranian ballistic missile and cruise missiles. They also captured propulsion, guidance, and warheads used by the Houthis for medium-range ballistic missiles and anti-ship cruise missiles. During the operation, two U.S. Navy SEALs were lost at sea during the mission and the entire crew of the dhow were captured. After completing the seizure, the U.S. military deemed the dhow was “unsafe” and was sunk by the United States Navy.


Harvey's

Harvey's is a fast food restaurant chain operating in Canada. It has locations in every province except British Columbia. It serves hamburgers, poutine, hot dogs, french fries, onion rings, and other traditional Canadian fast-food fare. It was founded in 1959.

High Risk Behaviour

High Risk Behaviour is the debut studio album by Australian punk rock band The Chats. It was released on the 27th of March 2020 through Bargain Bin Records.


Trail mix

Trail mix or gorp is a type of snack mix, typically a combination of granola, dried fruit, nuts, and sometimes candy, developed as a food to be taken along on hikes. Trail mix is a popular snack food for hikes, because it is lightweight, easy to store, and nutritious, providing a quick energy boost from the carbohydrates in the dried fruit or granola, and sustained energy from fat in nuts.

The combination of nuts, raisins and chocolate as a trail snack, dates at least to the 1910s, when outdoorsman Horace Kephart recommended it in his popular camping guide.

The Flirts

The Flirts were a project concept group formed by Bobby "O" Orlando to front his performances as an artist, musician and songwriter. The group consisted of Orlando and featured a revolving roster of female session singers and models. Under The Flirts name, Orlando churned out hits "Passion", "Danger", "Helpless" and "Jukebox (Don't Put Another Dime)".

Sauvira Kingdom

Sauvīra was an ancient kingdom and region of the ancient Sindh, present day northern Sindh and southern Punjab. Its capital city was Roruka, identified with present-day Aror/Rohri in Sindh. Today the Saraiki speaking area of Punjab and Sindh is the part of this kingdom, this kingdom is mentioned it the Hindus' epic book "Mahabharata". Jayadratha was the king of the Sindhu, Sauvira and Sivi.

Tatiana (singer)

Tatiana Palacios Chapa common known as Tatiana (born December 12, 1968) is an American-born Mexican actress, singer, and television hostess.

Ángela Carrasco

Ángela Altagracia Carrasco Rodríguez artistically known as Ángela Carrasco (born 23 January 1951) is a Dominican-born Spanish singer, songwriter, actress, and singing teacher.

Austen Kroll

Austen Kroll (born June 16, 1987) is an American television personality and businessman. He is best known as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm".

Kroll is also known as a guest cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Summer House" and as a former main cast member on the spin-off "Winter House".

Austen Kroll was born in Washington, D.C. on June 16, 1987, as the middle child and only son to Tom Kroll and Wendy Kroll. He has a younger sister.

Kroll's elder sister, Kyle A. Kroll, died on August 18, 1994, at the age of nine, after she fell approximately 200 feet from a cliff while on a family hike at Chimney Rock Park in North Carolina. He spoke about his sisters death on an episode of "Southern Charm".

Kroll graduated from the University of Alabama with his Bachelor of Science degree in business administration and management in 2010. He was a member of the Kappa Sigma fraternity. He spent a semester studying in Prague.

Kroll previously worked as a territory sales manager at Red Hare Brewing Company and as a cellar man at Palmetto Brewing Company.

Kroll made his television debut on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" as a main cast member from the fourth season. The fourth season was launched on April 3, 2017.

Kroll has appeared on "Summer House" in a guest capacity since the fourth season. The fourth season was launched on February 5, 2020.

Kroll appeared as a main cast member on a spin-off from "Summer House", "Winter House", for the first two seasons. The first season was launched on October 20, 2021. The second season was launched on October 13, 2022.

Kroll launched his beer Trop Hop with King's Calling Brewing Co. on July 26, 2019. He launched two new flavors at the end of 2021.

Kroll and Conover launched their Pillows and Beer podcast on January 28, 2021. They toured from November 7, 2023, to February 1, 2024.

Kroll partnered with his "Southern Charm" co-star Craig Conover, Chris Maier, Philip Testa, and Jordan Andino as co-owners of Carriage House, in New York City. The restaurant opened on March 29, 2023.

Kroll and Conover partnered with Uptown Hospitality Group as co-owners of By the Way.

Kroll resides in downtown Charleston.

Joe Thuney

Joe Thuney is an American football player. He plays for the Kansas City Chiefs. He played college football at NC State.

Howard Waldrop

Howard Waldrop (September 15, 1946 – January 14, 2024) was an American science fiction writer. His works were mainly in short fiction. He was honored with the World Fantasy Award for Life Achievement in 2021. He won a Nebula Award in 1980.

Waldrop died from a stroke in Austin, Texas on January 14, 2024, at the age of 77.

Las Ketchup

Las Ketchup is a Spanish girl group founded by flamenco record producer Manuel "Queco" Ruiz. The group, which consists of sisters Lucía, Lola, and Pilar Muñoz (later to be joined by a fourth sister Rocío), is best known for the 2002 hit single, "The Ketchup Song (Aserejé)", a single that sold over seven million copies worldwide. The group's debut studio album, Hijas del Tomate, has sold over two million copies worldwide.

Jorge Griffa

Jorge Bernardo Griffa Monferoni (7 May 1935 – 15 January 2024) was an Argentine footballer. He made four appearances for the Argentina national football team in 1959. He was known for playing with Atlético Madrid from 1959 to 1969.

Griffa died in Rosario, Argentina on 15 January 2024, at the age of 88.

Nathan Zuber

Nathan N Zuber (Hebrew נתן נטע זובר, ) 1908-January 23, 1988 was a Talmudic scholar and the spiritual leader of Beth David Synagogue in Roselle New Jersey from 1926-1976.

Born in Schedrin, Russia he immigrated to he united states where he was a teacher in Bais MedrashLeRabbonim (Slobodka) under Rabbi Yehuda Levenberg in New Haven, Conn., 1923-1926 before moving to Roselle. His elder brother, Rabbi Yaakov Yisroel Zuber, once served as the Chief Rabbi of Stockholm. Later, he relocated to Boston where he tragically lost his life during a robbery.

Rabbi Zuber along with his brother and two other rabbis formed the Meori Ohr publishing house (Boston) which was dedicated to republishing Jewish texts after the Holocaust

Rabbi Zuber published two works during his lifetime. His first work Zichron Menachem (1971) is named after his father Menachem Mendal Zuber who was killed in a pogrom. The work is divided between novelle on Talmud Bavli and Yerushalmi, questions and answers and a long article on the laws of mourning. There is a small section of this work that was translated to English by Rabbi Aharon Shapiro phd the Rabbi of Anshe Chesed of Linden. His second work is the Divrei Nosson.

Sergio Sebastiani

Sergio Sebastiani (11 April 1931 – 16 January 2024) was an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church. He was head of the Prefecture for the Economic Affairs of the Holy See from 1997 to 2008. He was made a cardinal in 2001. From 1960 to 1994 he worked in the diplomatic service of the Holy See. He became an archbishop and apostolic nuncio in 1976. Sebastiani was born in Montemonaco, Italy.
Sebastiani died on 16 January 2024 in Rome, Italy at the age of 92.

Innosense

Innosense was an American girl group that were active from 1997 to 2003.

Nina Sky

Nina Sky is an American musical duo consisting of identical twins Nicole and Natalie Albino. Their debut single "Move Ya Body", released from their self-titled debut album in 2004, was a success, reaching number four on the Billboard Hot 100. Their second album, Nicole & Natalie, was released in July 2012. Their third studio album, Brightest Gold, was announced for 2016 release through Tommy Boy Entertainment.

Prima J

Prima J is an American musical duo, composed of cousins Jessica and Janelle Martinez. Jessica (born on May 25, 1988) and Janelle (born on August 26, 1988) came up with their stage name by combining the letter "J" in each of their given names with the Spanish word "prima" (meaning female cousin).

No Secrets (group)

No Secrets were an American-British girl group formed in 2000 consisting of five members: Angel Faith, Carly Lewis, Erin Tanner, Jessica Fried, and Jade Ryusaki. The group debuted in the United States in 2001 with the single "Kids in America".

Nobody's Angel

Nobody's Angel was an American girl group of the late 1990s and early 2000s. The group consisted of four members Alitzah Navarro, Stacey Harper, Amy Sue Hardy, and Sarah Smith, and later, Jennie Kwan and Tai-Amber Hoo as replacements when Harper and Hardy left the group. The band was put together after they became friends and discovered they had something in common: a shared taste for music, dancing, and acting.

Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty

The Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty bans all tests of Nuclear weapons except for tests done underground. It was first meant to ban all tests, but it was changed because of Soviet concerns over methods of detecting underground nuclear tests. The reason for this treaty is because of public fear over the amount of nuclear testing and the fallout that would occur. The treaty was also meant to slow the nuclear arms race between the United States and the Soviet Union.

Jones Soda

Jones Soda is a Canadian-American beverage company. It is based in Seattle, Washington, United States. It bottles and distributes soft drinks, non-carbonated beverages, energy drinks, and candy. It was founded by Peter Van Stolk in 1995 as a beverage distributor in Western Canada.

Sasha Montenegro

Aleksandra Aćimović Popović (Cyrillic:Александра Аћимовић Поповић); known as Sasha Montenegro (born 20 January 1946 in Bari, died 15 February 2024) was an Italian born-Mexican actress and vedette of Yugoslavian descent.

Lyn May

Liliana Mendiola Mayanes (Chinese: 林买, pinyin,lin măi) known as Lyn May (born December 12, 1952 in Acapulco, Guerrero) is a Mexican actress and vedette of Chinese ancestry.

Rosa Gloria Chagoyán

Rosa Gloria Chagoyán (born October 11, 1953 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actress and singer of Armenian ancestry.

Zevia

Zevia is a Los Angeles based company. It produces soft drinks, organic tea, energy drinks, and mixers sweetened with stevia. It was launched in 2007 as an alternative soft drink for those who want to avoid both added sugars and artificial sweeteners.

Cloo

Cloo was an American pay television channel. It was owned and operated by NBCUniversal. It aired programming originally dedicated to the crime and mystery genres. The channel launched on January 1, 2006, replacing Trio. It ceased broadcasting on February 1, 2017.

Chiller (TV network)

Chiller was an American cable and satellite television network. It was owned by NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment Group subsidiary of NBCUniversal, all owned by Comcast. It specialized in horror, thriller and suspense programming, mainly films. It launched on March 1, 2007. The channel ceased operations on December 31, 2017.

American Heroes Channel

American Heroes Channel is an American multinational pay television channel. It is owned by the Warner Bros. Discovery Networks unit of Warner Bros. Discovery. The network airs programming related to the military, warfare, and military history and science.

Sprinkler truck

The sprinkler truck is a special vehicle for efficient washing operations. It is suitable for washing operations in urban roads, highways, squares, and other places, as well as municipal and landscaping watering operations. Using the domestic first technology-flushing the road dust through a low level, and making it flow into the drainage pipe, to achieve the effect of cleaning and cooling.

Philautus poecilius

The mottled tree frog ("Philautus poecilius") is a frog. It lives in the Phillippines. It lives in mountain forests near Mount Hilonghilong. People have seen it between 1600 and 1900 meters above sea level.

This frog is not in danger of dying out, but there are fewer of them than there were. Scientists say that this is because human beings change the places where the frog lives so they can build farms, dig good rocks out of the ground, build towns, and get wood to build with. Other animals that humans brought to the frog's home by accident can also make life harder for this frog.

Great American Family

Great American Family is an American cable television network. It is owned by Great American Media. It broadcasts conservative family-oriented general entertainment programming, including television series and made-for-TV movies. 

Magnolia Network

Magnolia Network is an American basic cable network. It is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery and Chip and Joanna Gaines. It airs personality-based lifestyle programs related to topics such as home construction, renovation, and cuisine.

2024 in Yemen

Events from the year 2024 in Yemen. From the start of 2024, Yemen's Houthi movement were involved in the Red Sea crisis.


The Gallopin Gaucho

The Gallopin Gaucho is the second Mickey Mouse cartoon that Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks ever made. The first was Plane Crazy.

A mouse named Mickey rides into a town in Argentina on an ostrich and sees Minnie taking a dancing lesson. Mickey watches while smoking a cigarette. Mickey dances with Minnie. Then a cat named Pete comes and kidnaps Minnie. Minnie calls for Mickey to help her so Mickey comes and he and Pete starts to duel each other with swords. Mickey wins and rescues Minnie. Micky and Minnie leave together.

This cartoon was a spoof of the movie The Gaucho starring Douglas Fairbanks. 

The next cartoon Disney and Iwerks made was Steamboat Willie.

Shep Rose

William Shepard "Shep" Rose III (born September 27, 1979) is an American television personality and businessman. He is best known as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" and the spin-off "RelationShep".

William Shepard Rose III was born in Cincinnati, Ohio on September 27, 1979, as the second of three children to William Shepard "Rip" Rose Jr. (born March 1948), a lawyer of the United States Department of Justice, and Frances John Rose (née Hobbs; born July 1952), a housewife and patron of the arts. He has an elder sister, Katherine Cummings Trotter (née Rose; born February 1977), and a younger brother, Whitaker Boykin Rose (born July 1983), both lawyers. His family settled in Sea Pines, Hilton Head Island, South Carolina in 1981, when he was a year old.

Rose attended Hilton Head Preparatory School, a private school, and Episcopal High School, a private college-preparatory boarding school in Alexandria, Virginia.

Rose graduated from the University of Georgia with his undergraduate degree in business in 2002. He was a member of the Chi Phi (ΧΦ) fraternity during his time at UGA. He graduated from Vanderbilt University Owen Graduate School of Management with his Master of Business Administration degree in finance in 2009.

Rose is related to the Boykin family - the family of which the Boykin Spaniel, the South Carolina state dog - is named, through his paternal relations. The family became known after founding Boykin, South Carolina in 1755. He is a grandson of Meta Cantey "Pete" Boykin Rose (1924–2011), a socialite, and William Shepard Rose (1922–2004), an international businessman in the steel industry. His great-great aunt, Mary Boykin Chesnut (née Miller; 1823–1886), an author, has been included in the PBS Civil War documentary. He is a nephew of B. Boykin Rose, the first South Carolina Department of Public Safety director.

Rose is related to the Hobbs family through his maternal relations. The family became known after building the railroads out of Chicago during the 1800s. He is a grandson of Truman McGill Hobbs (1921–2015), a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama, and Joyce Hobbs (née Cummings; 1927–2020), a philanthropist. His great aunt was Edith Cummings (1899–1984), the first female athlete to be featured on the cover of "TIME" magazine in 1924. He is a first cousin of his "Southern Charm" co-star Marcie Hobbs.

Rose is an uncle of five; Louisa Trotter, Rosie Trotter and Boo Trotter, through Katherine and his brother-in-law John Scott Trotter, and Mimi Rose and Whitaker Boykin Rose Jr. through Whitaker and his sister-in-law Tiernan Ely Rose.

Rose comes from old money. He has "a couple" of trust funds. He has an estimated net worth of $4 million, as of October 2023.

Rose began his career in his early 20s, working as a real estate agent while he was living in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. He was forced to quit in 2008, during the Great Recession.

Rose made his television debut on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" as a main cast member from the first season. The first season launched on March 3, 2014.

Rose has made 15 appearances on the pop culture-based late-night talk show "Watch What Happens Live! with Andy Cohen". His first appearance was with his "Southern Charm" co-stars Cameran Eubanks and Thomas Ravenel, and was broadcast on April 7, 2014.

Rose appeared on the web series "Shepic Fail". The series focused on Rose, his "Southern Charm" co-star Craig Conover and Hunter Gardner. The series launched on November 23, 2014.

Rose is the subject on the third spin-off from "Southern Charm", "RelationShep". (See below).

Rose is the owner of The Commodore, a bar and grill in Charleston, South Carolina. The restaurant opened on April 27, 2016. He is also a co-owner of two establishments; The Palace Hotel and The Alley, both in Charleston.

Rose, and his friends Jason Benjamin and Claude Pope founded the coastal wear line, Shep Gear, on June 30, 2016. He has launched a line of t-shirts inspired by some of his "Southern Charm" co-stars.

Rose made his debut as an actor with the role of Paramedic #2 in the action thriller film "Reprisal", starring Bruce Willis and Olivia Culpo. The film was released on August 30, 2018.

Rose launched his podcast, "Enough About Me with Shep Rose", on June 1, 2019. The podcast has been on hiatus since October 9, 2019.

Rose launched a blog, Charleston GRIT.

Rose made his debut as a stand-up comedian on April 23, 2018.

Rose authored his memoir, "Average Expectations: Lessons in Lowering the Bar" (). The book was published by Simon & Schuster on March 16, 2021.

"RelationShep" was announced as the third spin-off from the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" on April 27, 2017. The series follows Shep Rose, his producer and some of his friends as he looks for love. The name of the series was inspired by Rose's nickname, which was given to him in 2003 by his ex-girlfriend.

The "first look" trailer was released on August 17. The official trailer was released on October 30. The series premiered on December 4.

The series was produced by Haymaker Productions with Aaron Rothman, Irad Eyal and Peter Scalettar serving as executive producers. Sarah Steinfeld and Pamela Gimenez served as co-executive producers.

The series was later canceled.


Rose is the founder of a charitable trust. He donates to numerous charities every December.

Rose supported the David M. Carmines Memorial Foundation in 2017. The organization was founded in memory of his childhood best friend Andrew Carmines' brother who died by cancer in 2001.

Rose raised $25,000 for the people of the Bahamas following Hurricane Dorian in 2019.

Rose resides in Isle of Palms, South Carolina.

Rose served as the announcer for the Charleston RiverDogs at a baseball game on May 1, 2018.

Rose is a member of the Union Club of the City of New York's Jupiter Island Club, a private social club in Jupiter Island, Florida.

Rose has been arrested over 10 times.

Rose was in a brief relationship with Danni Baird, prior to their castings on "Southern Charm". He was linked to Chelsea Meissner in 2016.

Rose was in a relationship with orthodontics assistant Taylor Ann Green between March 2020 and July 2022.

Rose acquired a French Bulldog named Lil' Craig (born September 12, 2018) on June 20, 2019. He named Craig after his "Southern Charm" co-star Craig Conover. He co-parents Craig with his friend Tony Brown and his parents.

Rose launched an Instagram account for Craig, @goodboycraig, on July 7, 2019. He has over 100,000 followers, as of October 2023.

Rose and his "Southern Charm" co-star Patricia Altschul threw a formal dog wedding for Craig and Peaches, Altschul's Pomeranian, on November 5, 2021. Their wedding was featured in an episode of "Southern Charm". On September 24, 2022, Altschul announced that the couple had split, due to Craig's commitment phobia.

Rose faced criticism in August 2019, after he posted a video to his Instagram Stories in which he could be heard mocking a homeless woman who was collecting cans on the street in the East Village in New York City. He refused to apologize. He apologized four days later. He also deactivated his Twitter account and took a break from the social media platform.

Rose endorsed Republican candidate John McCain in the 2008 United States presidential election. He endorsed Libertarian candidate Governor Gary Johnson in the 2016 United States presidential election. He endorsed Democratic candidate Joe Biden and South Carolina Democratic candidate Jaime Harrison in the 2020 United States presidential election.

Rose shut down the 19th Treasurer of South Carolina and his former "Southern Charm" co-star Thomas Ravenel via Twitter in October 2020, after Ravenel's public support of the 45th President of the United States Donald Trump. He has called Trump supporters "rats [who] stayed on the ship".

Azali Assoumani

Azali Assoumani (; born 1 January 1959) is a Comorian politician and military officer who has served as President of the Comoros from 2002 to 2006 and again since 2016. He became head of state after leading a coup d'état in 1999 and was elected president in 2002, 2016 and April 2019. In 2023, he became the Chairperson of the African Union.

Young Avengers

The Young Avengers are the titular main protagonists of the Marvel Comics of the same name. The first team, created by Allan Heinberg and Jim Cheung, appeared in "Young Avengers" #1 (April 2005), a year later in Spain. They are a team of young vigilantes and superheroes and the younger counterparts of the Avengers. Some of the members are the superheroes' children (such as Vision and Scarlet Witch's sons Wiccan and Speed and Ant-Man's daughter Cassie). Other members are their protégés (such as Hawkeye's student, Kate Bishop).

Speed (character)

Speed (real name Thomas "Tommy" Shephard) is a fictional character from Marvel Comics. He was born from the reincarnated soul of Tommy Maximoff, the son of Scarlet Witch and Vision and the twin brother of Billy Kaplan/Wiccan. He inherited super speed, a quality shared by his former reincarnated self's uncle, Quicksilver.

In his debut, Speed joined the Young Avengers to fighting against the Skrulls.

He was created by Allan Heinberg and Jim Cheung and first appeared in "Young Avengers" #10 (February, 2006)

The illusory Tommy appeared in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) Disney+ miniseries "WandaVision" (2021) played by Gavin Borders and Jett Klyne. Klyne returned as a human version of Tommy from an alternate reality in the movie "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" (2022).

Hugh Jackson II

Hugh was born in 1762. He was the eldest son of Andrew Jackson Sr and Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson. He had only 2 siblings, Robert, born in 1764 and Andrew born March 15, 1767, he was a volunteer aka solider during the Revolutionary War, and died during the Battle of Sterno Ferry in 1779, He was 16 years .

Red Sea crisis

The Red Sea crisis is an ongoing armed conflict. It is also known as the United States–Houthi conflict or United States–Iran proxy war. The crisis began on 19 October 2023 after attacks by the Houthi movement. The Houthis are a Shia Islamist insurgent group who control parts of Yemen and are backed by Iran. These attacks target Southern Israel. The Houthis also target ships in the Red Sea that they claimed are linked to Israel or its allies (particularly the United States and United Kingdom).

On 19 October 2023, the Houthis launched three land-attack cruise missiles as well as multiple drones towards Israel. According to the U.S. government, these were all shot down by the USS "Carney", a destroyer in the United States Navy. This was the first action by the U.S. military to defend Israel during the Israel–Hamas war. Later, it was reported that the "Carney" had actually shot down four missiles and 15 drones. This action is considered the beginning of the Red Sea Crisis. Later in the day, Saudi Arabia shot down another missile launched by Houthi.

On 27 October, the Houthis fired two drones from the southern Red Sea towards the north. The Israeli military stated the drones were targeted at Israel. One of the two drones fell short, hitting a building next to a hospital in Taba, Egypt. Six people were injured. The other drone fell short and hit near an electricity plant close to the town of Nuweiba, Egypt. After the drone struck Taba, an official for Houthi posted one-word on X; "Eilat". Eilat is the name of a city in Israel.

On 31 October, Houthi attempted a long-range attack on Israel. Houthi launched a ballistic missile and multiple cruise missiles. Israel's Arrow System shot down the ballistic missile. The Israeli Air Force shot down the cruise missiles over the Red Sea. One of the cruise missiles was shot down by an Israeli F-35i Adir fighter jet. This engagement was the first use of the Arrow System during the Israel–Hamas war. The Israeli government also said the interception of the ballistic missile took place above Earth's atmosphere above the Negev Desert. This made it the first instance of space warfare in history.

On 1 November, the Israeli military shot down missile fired by Houthi. Houthi had fired the missile towards the city of Eilat, Israel.

On 8 November 2023, Houthi air defenses shot down an American MQ-9 Reaper drone. This resulted in the first American loss of the conflict. 

On 9 November, the Houthis fired yet another missile toward the city of Eilat. The missile was shot down by an Israeli Arrow 3 missile. This marked the first time an Arrow 3 missile had been used to shoot down an enemy missile.

On 14 November, the Houthis fired multiple missiles towards Israel. This included one missile aimed at the city of Eilat. The missiles were shot down by Israeli Arrow missiles.

On 15 November, Houthi launched an attack on the USS "Thomas Hudner", a destroyer in the United States Navy. The drone was heading towards the destroyer. In self-defense, the "Thomas Hudner" shot down the Houthi drone.

On 22 November, Houthi once again fired a cruise missile towards the city of Eilat. The missile was shot down by an F35 fighter aircraft in the Israeli Air Force.

On 23 November, Houthi attacked the USS "Thomas Hudner" again. Houthi launched a series of attack drones towards the "Thomas Hudner". All of the drones were shot down, causing no damage to the ship.

On 24 November, Iran attacked the Malta-flagged container ship, "CMA CGM Symi". The Iranian military launched a drone towards the ship. The drone was shot down by an Israeli Air Force fighter jet. A drone was shot down over the Red Sea by an IDF fighter jet.

On 29 November, the USS "Carney" engaged and shot down a Houthi KAS-04. Houthi launched the drone towards the Bab-el-Mandeb Strait.

On 30 November, Saudia Arabia reported that Israel had conducted a military strike against Houthi. The airstrike occurred in Sana'a, the capital of Yemen. Saudia Arabia reported that Israel had struck a Houthi weapons depot. This was denied by Houthi and they reported the Israeli airstrike hit a gas station.

On 6 December, Houthi launched military strikes against the Israeli military in the city of Eilat. Houthi launched multiple ballistic missiles towards the Israeli military. None of the missiles hit the military. Also on 6 December, the USS "Mason" shot down a drone launched by Houthi. The USS "Mason" is a destroyer in the United States Navy.

On 10 December, the "Languedoc", a frigate in the French Navy, shot down two drones launched by Houthi.

On 16 December, the United States Navy shot down 14 drones launched by Houthi. On the same day, the Egyptian Air Defense Forces, a branch of the Egyptian Armed Forces, shot down a object flying around the town of Dahab, Egypt.

On 18 December, the Indian military deployed the INS "Kolkata" to the Gulf of Aden. The INS "Kolkata" is a destroyer in the Indian Navy. It was deployed for maritime security. The INS "Kochi", another destroyer, was already deployed in the region to stop pirates.

On 26 December, Houthi conducted a series of drone strikes against Israel. Drone strikes were reported over Eilat and other parts of Israel. The United States military shot down 12 Houthi drones. They also shot down five missiles fired by Houthi. Israel also shot down an object launched by Houthi over the Red Sea.

On 2 January 2024, the Iranan-backed Houthi movement launched two anti-ship ballistic missiles towards commercial ships in the southern Red Sea. The Institute for the Study of War (ISW) conducted an analysis of the attacks and reported the target of the attack was the Malta-flagged container ship "CMA CGM TAGE". The missiles landed in the water near the ship, causing no damage. Houthi claimed the "CMA CGM TAGE" was heading towards Israel, but it was actually heading towards Egypt.

On 6 January, Houthi launched an attack on the USS "Laboon". The "Laboon" is a destroyer in the United States Navy. Three days later on 9 January, Houthi launched a series of drones and missiles at dozens of merchant ships. This caused the United States Navy and the United Kingdom's Navy to respond.

On 9 January 2024, Houthi forces launched 18 one-way suicide drones, two anti-ship cruise missiles, and one anti-ship ballistic missile at dozens of civilian-operated merchant vessels in the Red Sea. These were all shot down by a combined United States and United Kingdom naval force. No damage was reported to any ships.
On 11 January, Houthi failed an attack on the commercial shipping lanes in the Red Sea. Also during the day, the Iranian Navy seized control of the Marshall Islands-flagged, United States-controlled and Greek-operated civilian oil tanker "St Nikolas". In the evening of 11 January, The United States seized control and later sunk an Iranian dhow. The dhow was transporting supplies to the Houthi movement. The operation resulted in the entire crew of the vessel being captured. Two U.S. Navy SEALs (or soldiers) were lost at sea. This is the first and currently only casualties the United States suffered during the crisis. On 11 January 2024, the Iranan-backed Houthi movement launched one anti-ship ballistic missiles towards commercial ships in the Gulf of Aden. One commercial ship saw the missile hit the water and reported there was no damage caused by it. This was the 27th attack by Houthi since October 2023.

On 12 January, a coalition launch a large-scale missile attack against the Houthi movement in Yemen. The coalition consisted of the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, Bahrain, Canada and the Netherlands. This attack was the first attack of Operation Poseidon Archer. While retaliating for the airstrikes, Houthi mistakenly targeted the Panama-flagged oil tanker M/T "Khalissa". The ship which was carrying oil towards the Russian port of Ust-Luga. 

On 14 January, the Iranian backed Houthi movement attacked the "USS Laboon", an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy. At about 4:45 p.m. (Sanaa time), the Houthis launched an anti-ship cruise missile towards the "Laboon", which was sailing on the Red Sea. This missile was shot down by an American fighter jet around the coast of Al Hudaydah. There was no damage or injuries as a result of this attack, which occurred just over a week after another attack on the "USS Laboon". This attack was also the first U.S.-acknowledged attack by the Houthis since a devastating series of airstrikes by the United States and United Kingdom two days earlier.

On 15 January, the Iranian-backed Houthi movement attacked the Marshall Islands-flagged, United States-owned and operated bulk carrier "Gibraltar Eagle". At around 4 p.m. Sanaa time, Houthi launched an anti-ship ballistic missile towards the "Gibraltar Eagle". This missile hit the "Gibraltar Eagle" and caused damage and a fire onboard. Shortly after the attack, Eagle Bulk Shipping, the company that owns the "Gibraltar Eagle" reported that the ship sustained damage to the cargo hold, but the situation on board was stable. 

On 16 January 2024, during the Red Sea Crisis, the Iranian-backed Houthi movement attacked the Maltese-flagged, Greek-owned bulk carrier "Zografia" in the southern Red Sea. At about 1:45 p.m. Sanaa time, Houthi launched an anti-ship ballistic missile towards the "Zografia". The "Zografia" was struck by the missile, causing damage to the ship. The damage was minor enough for the "Zografia" to continue their journey.

Houthi brigadier general Yahya Saree posted that the "Zografia" was fired on because it refused to answer warning calls and was on its way to an Israeli port. The "Zografia" reported that it was heading for Suez, Egypt, not Israel.

On 17 January, the Iranian-backed Houthi movement attacked the Marshall Islands-flagged, United States-owned and operated bulk carrier "Genco Picardy" in the Gulf of Aden. According to the United States military, a one-way suicide unmanned aircraft system struck the "Genco Picardy" at approximately 8:30 pm Sanaa time. The "Genco Picardy" sustained damage, but remained seaworthy and could continue its journey. 

On 17 January, Houthi launched a one-way suicide drone and struck the Marshall Islands-flagged, United States-owned and operated bulk carrier "Genco Picardy" in the Gulf of Aden.

On 3 February, the US and UK bombed 36 Houthi sites in Yemen.

On 10 February, Houthi media announced the names of 17 fighters who were killed in the US-UK strikes.


Robert Jackson

Robert Jackson was born in 1764. He was the second son of 3 children. His father Andrew Jackson Sr , died in a logging accident. 14 years later Andrew Jackson and Robert were captured in 1781. A British officer slashed Jackson with his sword after he refused to polish the officer's boots and he was taken to prison. Their mother Elizabeth helped them to escape but unfortunately Robert died during his escape. He was only 17 years.

Spider-Man 2099

Spider-Man 2099 (real name Miguel O'Hara) is a fictional character and superhero in the Marvel Comics universe, and is a superhero hailing from the future, specifically the year 2099, and the successor of the original Spider-Man, Peter Parker. He is also the main protagonist of his titular comics, and a major character in the "Spider-Verse" comics storyline.

He is a geneticist working for Alchemax who, in an attempt to replicate the powers of Spider-Man, accidentally altered his genetic code to 50% spider, giving him spider-like superpowers. Miguel originally strived to find a cure, but upon realizing how much of a dystopia the future was, donned a UMF-crafted suit and became the next Spider-Man. He is the eponymous protagonist of the comic book of the same name, and is a supporting protagonist in various Spider-Man stories, especially the "Spider-Verse" storyline.

He was created by Peter David and Rick Leonardi, and first appeared in "Spider-Man 2099 #1" in March of 1992.

The character has appeared in numerous media adaptations, while making his cinematic debut in the animated movie "" (2018), where he was voiced by Oscar Isaac in the movie's post-credits scene. The character also appears in the movie's sequel, "" (2023), with Isaac reprising the role.

2024 in the United States

Events from the year 2024 in the United States.



FC Sopron

FC Sopron was a Hungarian football club. He was founded in 1921 and based in the city of Sopron. FC Sopron played its home games in the Városi Stadium . The club played in the first division from 2000 until its dissolution in spring 2008. The club colors were burgundy red and white.
The football club was founded in 1921 as Soproni Sport Egyesület. From 1993 till 1995 and from 2000 till 2008 the team played in the first Hungarian league ( Nemzeti Bajnokság I). In January 2008, the club's license was revoked. FC Sopron had to stop playing. The reason for this was the withdrawal of the Italian sponsor Carrefur Ltd.
Hungarian Cupː2005

Cassie Lang

Cassandra Eleanor "Cassie" Lang is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe, and later becomes a superheroine under the aliases Stature and Stinger. She is the daughter of Scott Lang and Peggy Rae, with the former being the successor superhero of Hank Pym's mantle, Ant-Man, and later becomes his partner.

Cassandra Lang was created by David Michelinie and John Byrne, and first appeared in "Marvel Premiere #47" in April of 1979. When introduced as Stature, she was created by Allan Heinberg and Jim Cheung, and first appeared in "Young Avengers #6" in May of 2006, as Nick Spencer and Annapaola Martello created Stinger in May of 2016 in "The Astonishing Ant-Man #6".

Since her original introduction in comics, the character has been featured in various other Marvel-licensed products, including video games and merchandise. In the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), the character was portrayed as a child by Abby Ryder Fortson in "Ant-Man" (2015) and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" (2018), and as a teenager by Emma Fuhrmann in "" (2019) and Kathryn Newton in "" (2023).

Yahya Saree

Yahya Saree is a brigadier general and military spokesman for the Houthi movement, which is currently engaged in the Red Sea Crisis.


August (album)

August is the 10th studio album by Eric Clapton. It was released on 24 November, 1986 through Warner Bros. Records and went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 37 in the United States, number 40 in Canada, number 38 in New Zealand and number 17 in Italy.


Some tracks were recorded for the album, but not included:

Wish (movie)

Wish is a 2023 computer-animated fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios for Walt Disney Studios. The movie is directed by Chris Buck and Fawn Veerasunthorn.
It stars Ariana DeBose, Chris Pine, Alan Tudyk, Angelique Cabral, Victor Garber, Natasha Rothwell, Jennifer Kumiyama, Harvey Guillén, Evan Peters, Ramy Youssef and Jon Rudnitsky. 
The movie was released in the United States on november 8, 2023. It had mixed reviews from critics and grossed over $225 million.

Lehigh Valley Phantoms

The Lehigh Valley Phantoms are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1996. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Allentown, Pennsylvania at the PPL Center. They are the AHL affiliate for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League (NHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Reading Royals.

The team originally played in Philadelphia as the Philadelphia Phantoms from 1996 to 2009. After demolition was planned for the home of the Phantoms, the team would be sold to the Brooks Group in Pittsburgh. In 2009, the team would be moved to Glens Falls, New York and would be renamed the Adirondack Phantoms. The team would play in Glen Falls until 2014 when the team would move once again, this time to Allentown to become the Lehigh Valley Phantoms.

On August 13, 2014, the team would reveal their mascot MeLVin, a fictional species called a pladottle.

In the 2017–18 season, the Phantoms would win the Atlantic Division championship and would make it to the Eastern Conference finals but would lose to the Toronto Marlies four games to zero.

Livingstone Falls

Livingstone Falls is located in the Democratic Republic of Congo. It is a series of rapids on the lower course of the Congo River which is downstream from Pool Malebo. It is in the Western Equatorial African region. One of the later portions of the Livingstone Falls is Inga Falls, which is on the Congo River.

Normalization (statistics)

Normalization in statistics simplifies data comparison and understanding. It involves adjusting values to a common scale, enabling fair comparisons. For instance, if we have two sets of numbers with different scales, normalization transforms them to a standard scale such as from 0 to 1. This technique also helps identify patterns or distributions among data sets, like transforming student scores to a bell curve. Additionally, normalization aids in eliminating influences that might affect comparisons, allowing us to focus on overall trends. With normalization, we can make sense of data, draw meaningful conclusions, and simplify analysis.

BSFZ-Arena

The BSFZ-Arena (alsoːBundesstadion Südstadt) is a football stadium in the Austrian market town of Maria Enzersdorf in the state of Lower Austria. It is the home ground FC Admira Wacker Mödling. It has 10,600 places. It is located in the Federal Sports and Leisure Centers Austria (BSFZ).
SK Admira Wien , Admira Wacker Mödling's predecessor club, was based in the Viennese Leopold-Stroh Stadium in Hopfengasse. The then sponsor NEWAG/NIOGAS, predecessor of the Lower Austrian energy supplier EVN, decided to relocate the team from the north of Vienna to Maria Enzersdorf in Lower Austria south of Vienna. The stadium was built on a neighbouring ground to the headquarters of the sponsor. The club played in Hopfengasse until the new Südstadt stadium was built . After moving out in 1966 the old stadium was handed over to Floridsdorfer AC.

The opening of the new Bundesstadion Südstadt took place on 4 March 1967 with the championship game between Admira Energie and FC Wacker Innsbruck. The first goal in the new stadium was scored by Admira striker Willy Kreuz.

From 2008 to 2013 it was called the Trenkwalder Arena. In February 2020, FC Admira Wacker Mödling extended the lease agreement for the stadium until 2043. Since the 2022/23 season the BSFZ Arena was renamed "motion_invest Arena". The name is sponsored by the investment company motion_invest 

Nicolas-Gerrit Kühn

Nicolas Kuhn is a German Professional Footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership Club Celtic.

Fusion TV

Fusion TV was an American pay television news and satire channel. It was owned by Fusion Media Group, a multi-platform media company subsidiary of Univision Communications. It launched on October 28, 2013. The channel ceased operations on December 31, 2021.

NewsNation

NewsNation is an American subscription television network. It is owned by the Nexstar Media Group, and is the company's only wholly owned, national cable-originated television channel. The channel airs a straight-news format for 24 hours on weekdays and eight hours on weekends, as well as entertainment programming taking up almost the entire weekend schedule.

Delaware Punch

Delaware Punch was a fruit-flavored soft drink. Its formula used a blend of fruit flavors, with grape (Methyl anthranilate) being the most prominent. Delaware Punch was created by Thomas E. Lyons in 1913. The brand was owned by The Coca-Cola Company. It was discontinued in 2020.

Antenna TV

Antenna TV is an American digital television network. It is owned by Nexstar Media Group. Its programming consists of classic television series, primarily sitcoms, from the 1950s to the 1990s. It was launched on January 1, 2011.

Hallmark Channel

Hallmark Channel is an American cable television network owned by Hallmark Media, a subsidiary of Hallmark Cards. The channel airs family-oriented general entertainment programming, including television series and made-for-TV movies. The channel has its origins in the religious broadcasters American Christian Television System (ACTS) and the Vision Interfaith Satellite Network (VISN).

Hallmark Movies &amp; Mysteries

Hallmark Movies & Mysteries is an American digital cable and satellite television channel. It is owned by Hallmark Media, a subsidiary of Hallmark Cards. It is a spinoff of Hallmark Channel. It broadcasts family-oriented feature and television films along with a limited number of murder- and mystery-themed television series.

Camberwell

Camberwell is a district in southeast London, 1.7 miles west of Peckham and is part of the London Borough of Southwark. Originally known as Metropolitan Borough of Camberwell in 1900 held by Haimo the Sheriff of Kent and many districts including Peckham was part of it. It appears in Domesday Book of 1086, the name derived from the Old English Cumberwell, meaning Well of the Britons.

The Metropolitan Borough of Camberwell was abolished in 1965 and most of the district became part of the London Borough of Southwark.

Camberwell is a multicultural neighbourhood home to the University of Arts London campus, South London Gallery, Camberwell Green which is the meeting point for diverse elements of London and endless stream of new restaurants, cafes and bars. Camberwell is home to Denmark Hill station which is well connected by rail to a number of central London trains stations, also home to Camberwell Grove that has houses with brick facades and colourful doors. Camberwell is known for having housing estates in its district, most popular ones are Elmington Estate and Lettsom Estate.

Butterfinger

Butterfinger is a chocolate bar made by the Ferrara Candy Company, a subsidiary of Ferrero. It has a layered crisp peanut butter covered with chocolate. It was introduced in 1923 by Otto Schnering.

Philautus bunitus

The green bush frog ("Philautus bunitus") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia in western Sabah. People have seen it near Pakka Cave and near Mount Kinabalu. People have seen it between 640 and 1800 meters above sea level.

This frog is not in danger of dying out, even though it doesn't live in a very large place. This is because most of the frog's home has two protected parks in it: Kinabalu and Crocker Range National Parks. There, human beings are not allowed to change the things the frog needs or harm the frog. In some places, tourists travel to hear this frog for fun.

The frog sits on branches 2 to 5 meters above the ground, so human beings hear them more than they see them. Scientists think this frog hatches from its egg as a young frog and not a swimming tadpole.

Crunch (chocolate bar)

Crunch is a chocolate bar. It is made of milk chocolate and crisped rice. It is produced by Nestlé with the exception of the United States, where it is produced under license by the Ferrara Candy Company, a subsidiary of Ferrero. It was introduced in 1938.

Fanttik

Fanttik is a youthful, dynamic brand dedicated to outdoor, household, sports, and automotive products. 

They provide the product necessary for bringing more excitement and innovation into everyday life and also inspire individuals to explore their creativity. 

Fanttik teams up with Kyle Weatherman in the NASCAR Xfinity Series as a Primary partner. Fanttik also attended the SEMA 2023 and 2022 to showcase the products. 

Fanttik's X8 Apex tire inflator is a flagship product it is a portable pump. Fanttik has partnered with Aventon, the reputable California-based e-bike company, the X8 Apex Air Inflator is an essential e-bike companion that adds even more appeal to their bikes.

Fanttik's E1 Max electric screwdriver is a daily repair and maintenance of household electronic product. In 2023 it place Amazon's best sellers in the power screwdrivers categoey.

In 2022, X8 Apex won the prestigious Red Dot Design Award and the IF Design Award.

USS Lewis B. Puller (ESB-3)

The USS "Lewis B. Puller" (ESB-3) is the first purpose-built expeditionary mobile base vessel in the United States Navy.

U.S. Navy SEALs launched from the "Lewis B. Puller" for the 2024 Iranian dhow seizure operation in January 2024.

Makara

Makara (Sanskrit: मकर) is a legendary sea-creature in Hindu mythology. In Hindu astrology, Makara is equivalent to the Zodiac sign Capricorn.

Swig (soft drink shop)

Swig is a drive-through soda-fountain chain. It is primarily located in the western United States. The chain is known for its popular "dirty sodas". It was founded in April 2010 by Nicole Tanner in St. George, Utah.

Nexstar Media Group

Nexstar Media Group is an American publicly traded media company. It has its headquarters in Irving, Texas, Midtown Manhattan, and Chicago. It is the largest television station owner in the United States, owning 197 television stations across the U.S., most of which are affiliated with the four "major" U.S. television networks and MyNetworkTV.

Norfuk language

The Norfuk language (Norfuk: Norfuk Laenghwij) the language spoken on Norfolk Island . it is a mix of Tahitian and English.

USS Laboon

The USS "Laboon" is an Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy.

USS "Laboon" was launched on 20 February 1993. The ship was commissioned on 18 March 1995.
The USS "Laboon" was attacked by the Houthis on January 6, 2024. The ship participated in the misstile strikes against Yemen on January 12, 2024. The ship was attacked again by the Houthis on January 14, 2024.

FireOS

I used to have a FireOS tablet, it is basically a small or large Tablet computer depending on size that is marketed from Amazon.
Cook Out (restaurant)

Cook Out is a privately owned American fast-food restaurant chain. It operates in North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland, and Mississippi. It was founded in Greensboro, North Carolina in 1989.

Fox Reality Channel

Fox Reality Channel was an American pay television channel. It was launched on May 24, 2005. It was owned by the Fox Entertainment Group. The channel aired many shows that were originally on the Fox network. The channel also aired reality shows syndicated from other networks, as well as many international shows from the United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand.

AZN Television

AZN Television was a cable TV channel. It promoted itself as "the network for Asian America". It was run by International Networks, a wholly owned subsidiary of Comcast Corporation. It was launched in 1990. The channel went off the air on April 9, 2008. 

Red (programming language)

Red is a programming language made to improve upon the older Rebol programming language. It can be used for both high and low level programming. Red was created by Nenad Rakočević in 2011.

Red has two parts, Red/System and Red:



The language is able to cross-compile. Red applications can run on many different operating systems. At this time, Red applications are 32-bit, but it is planned to switch to 64-bit in the future. Red uses a garbage collector "the Simple GC".

Here is a hello world program in Red.

Hello World!

Red [Title: "Simple hello world script"]
print "Hello World!"
Here is an example of using a variable:

Red []

name: "John"
print name
Here are examples of conditionals in Red.
» if 10 > 5 [print "large"]
large

» unless 10 > 5 [print "large"]
== none

» unless 5 > 10 [print "large"]
large

» either 10 > 5 [print "bigger"] [print "smaller"]
bigger

» either 5 > 10 [print "bigger"] [print "smaller"]
smaller


NBCSN

NBCSN was an American sports television channel. It was owned by the NBC Sports Group division of NBCUniversal, a subsidiary of Comcast. It aired sports programming. It launched on July 1, 1995. The channel ceased operations on December 31, 2021. Its sports properties moved to USA Network, Peacock, and other NBCUniversal networks.

Golf Channel

Golf Channel is an American sports television network. It is owned by the NBC Sports Group division of NBCUniversal, a subsidiary of Comcast. It focuses on coverage of the sport of golf, including live coverage of tournaments, as well as factual and instructional programming. It was launched in 1995. 

Let's Make a Deal

Let's Make a Deal is a television game show. It originated in the United States in 1963. It has since been produced in many countries throughout the world. It was originally hosted by Monty Hall. It was revived in 2009, with Wayne Brady as host.

Rachida Dati

Rachida Dati (; born 27 November 1965) is a French politician and former judge. She has been the Minister of Culture since 2024. Dati was Minister of Justice from 2007 to 2009 under President Nicolas Sarkozy. 

She was a member of The Republicans (LR) until 2024. She was also a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from 2009 to 2019, representing Île-de-France. 

She unsuccessfully ran for Mayor of Paris against the incumbent Anne Hidalgo in 2020.

Estrella TV

Estrella TV is an American Spanish-language broadcast television network. It is owned by the Estrella Media subsidiary of HPS Investment Partners, LLC. It primarily features programs, the vast majority of which are produced by the network itself, aimed at Hispanic and Latino American audiences – featuring a mix of entertainment series, reality television series, drama series, news, sports, and imported Mexican-produced feature films. It was launched in 2009.

The Ant Bully (book)

The Ant Bully is a children’s book from the year 1999. It was written and illustrated by John Nickle. In 2006, it was made into a movie that was called The Ant Bully starring Zach Tyler Eisen.

A young boy named Lucas is bullied by another boy named Sid. Lucas takes it out on a group of ants so they shrink him to the size of an ant and make him live as if he were one of them. Lucas tries to steal a jellybean from his house for them with the help of two ants. Lucas tells them that he’s not actually a giant but is actually pretty short and that another boy named Sid is mean to him. When Lucas breaks into the house with the ants, his father tries to hit them with a flyswatter so they run away. Lucas comes to the Ant queen with a jellybean so she lets him become as big as a human again. When he next sees Sid, he notices that Sid has been shrunk down to the size of an ant.

LMN (TV channel)

LMN is an American pay television network. It was launched on June 29, 1998. It is owned by A&E Networks, a joint venture between the Disney Entertainment division of The Walt Disney Company and the Hearst Communications. It carries movies and exclusive shows aimed at women, especially made for television movies.

Korean reunification

Korean reunification () is the potential unification of North Korea and South Korea into a single Korean sovereign state. 

The process towards reunification was started by the June 15th North–South Joint Declaration in June 2000, was supported again by the October 4th Declaration in October 2007 and the Panmunjom Declaration in April 2018, and the joint statement of United States President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un at the Singapore Summit in June 2018. 

In the Panmunjom Declaration, the two countries agreed to work to officially end the Korean conflict in the future.

In January 2024, North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un said that Korean reunification is "no longer possible" and asks the Supreme People's Assembly to formally recognize South Korea as a separate country while acknowledging South Korea as an enemy.

TruTV

TruTV is an American basic cable channel. It is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery. The channel primarily airs comedy, docusoaps, and reality shows. It was launched in 1991 as Court TV, a network that focused on crime-themed programs such as true crime documentary series, legal dramas, and coverage of prominent criminal cases. 

Sleeved blanket

A Sleeved blanket is a body-length blanket with sleeves. It usually made of fleece or nylon material. It is similar to a bathrobe but is meant to be worn backwards. The product has been marketed by various brands.

Royal consort

A royal consort is the spouse (wife or husband) of a monarch (king or queen).

The wife of a king is almost always called a queen, or queen consort. The husband of a ruling queen may be called a king consort or prince consort.

BBC America

BBC America is an American basic cable network. It is jointly owned by BBC Studios and AMC Networks. The channel airs sci-fi and action series and films, as well as selected programs from the BBC. It was launched on March 29, 1998.

2024 Iranian missile strikes in Pakistan

On 16 January 2024, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, a branch of the Iranian military carried out a military operation targeting Jaish ul-Ad militants in Pakistan. Several airstrikes were launched by Iran, which entered Pakistan and struck several homes and a mosque in the village of Koh-e-Sabz, Pakistan, which is about away from the Iran-Pakistan border. Two children were killed and four others were injured during the operation.

On 18 January 2024, Pakistan launched a series of air and artillery strikes inside Iran , targeting Baloch separatist groups, codenamed Operation Marg Bar Sarmachar (Urdu: آپریشن مرگ بر سرمچار, lit. 'Death to Insurgents'[a]) by Pakistan. The attack was launched in response to the Iranian missile strikes in Pakistan, two days earlier.

In Iran illegal attack over Pakistan: The Iranian government claimed the operation was successful at destroying two Jaish ul-Ad strongholds. Pakistani government claimed it the operation was illegal and that it violated their airspace and sovereignty. They also warned this event would have “serious consequences”.

Pakistan response after Iran illegal attack: Iran said that nine foreign nationals were killed in the attack. The Balochistan Liberation Army (BLA) confirmed that its members were among those killed.

This attack marks the first known instance of a foreign country launching an attack on Iran since the end of the Iran–Iraq War in 1988.


Antoinette Lattouf

Antoinette Lattouf (Arabic: أنطوانيت لطوف) (b.1983) is an Australian-Lebanese journalist, host, author and diversity advocate.
Lattouf is an Australian journalist of Lebanese origin. Her family took refuge in Australia in the 1970s. She was born in 1983 in Auburn, New South Wales.

She is a mother of two daughters, and co-founder of "Media Diversity Australia" (MDA), a non-profit organization that supports increasing cultural and linguistic diversity in the media.

She previously worked for Australia's Network 10, ABC, SBS, Triple J and various other online and broadcast publications. She is also a columnist for The Sydney Morning Herald.

Florida Parental Rights in Education Act

The Florida Parental Rights in Education Act (more commonly referred to as the "Don't Say Gay" law) is a law passed in 2022 that controls schools in Florida. The law is disliked by many people for not letting kids from Kindergarten to 3rd grade to learn about homosexuality.

We the People Party

The We the People Party is a political third party in the United States that promotes environmentalism, libertarianism, and a mixture of socially liberal and socially conservative views. The party was founded in January 2024 by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to help obtain ballot access for his 2024 presidential campaign. State affiliates have been formed in California, Delaware, Hawaii, Mississippi, and North Carolina. Additionally, a state affiliate for Texas was created under the name of the Texas Independent Party. The party is seeking to register 75,000 people in California in order to run against presidential candidates in the Republican and Democratic parties.

Kennedy, who is also running as an independent politician, created the party to make it easier to obtain ballot access. Independent candidates require large numbers of signatures from voters to get on the ballot in most states. In some states that number is significantly lower for political parties. Registering a new political party in selected states reduces by 330,000 the total signatures needed to obtain ballot access in every state.

Kennedy filed paperwork to create the party in California, Delaware, Hawaii, Mississippi, and North Carolina. Election officials in California, Delaware, Hawaii, and North Carolina confirmed that they had received a filing for the formation of We the People Party affiliates in their states. Jane Nelson, the Secretary of State of Texas, also confirmed that filing for the formation of the Texas Independent Party had been received. Officials in Mississippi claimed they had received no filing.

To obtain political party status in California, the We the People Party is required to have 75,000 registered members in the state. Delaware requires 770 registered members to obtain political party status.

Hiddenite, North Carolina

Hiddenite is a census-designated place (CDP) in east-central Alexander County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 507 at the 2020 census. Lucas Mansion is in Hiddenite.

Lucas Mansion

The Lucas Mansion, also known as the Hiddenite Center, is a historic home. It is in the census-designated place of Hiddenite, North Carolina. It was built around the year 1900. The mansion is a three-story, frame Queen Anne style building. It has a two-story porch. It was made bigger by 1928. Local tradition says the house was made bigger twice by raising the existing floor and building a new floor underneath or between the existing floors. The house roughly follows a cruciform plan, though the plan changes from floor to floor. It was owned by James Paul Lucas. Lucas was a merchant from South Carolina.

Lucas Mansion was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

In 1981, Eileen Sharpe and R.Y Sharpe bought the mansion and made the Hiddenite Center.

Aaron Stone

Aaron Stone is a science fiction action-adventure television series. It was created by Bruce Kalish. It premiered on February 13, 2009. It was produced in conjunction with Canadian Shaftesbury Films and filmed in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Vault (drink)

Vault was a sweetened energy drink and carbonated beverage. It was released by The Coca-Cola Company in June 2005. It was touted as an artificially flavored hybrid energy soda. It was discontinued in December 2011.

Filet-O-Fish

The Filet-O-Fish is a fish sandwich. It is sold by McDonald's. It was introduced in 1962 by Lou Groen, a McDonald's franchise owner in Cincinnati, Ohio. The Filet-O-Fish has a battered fried fish fillet, a slice of American cheese and tartar sauce on a bun.

McAllister's Deli

McAllister's Deli is an American chain of fast casual restaurants. It was founded in 1989 in Oxford, Mississippi, by retired dentist Dr. Don Newcomb. It has 500 locations. The menu includes deli sandwiches, "giant spuds", soups, salads, and desserts, as well as catering items such as sandwich trays and boxed lunches. 

How Long (Ace song)

"How Long" is a 1975 song by British band Ace and was taken from their studio album "Five-A-Side". It went to number 20 in the United Kingdom, number 3 in both the United States and Canada, number 11 in the Netherlands and number 63 in Australia and was sung by Paul Carrack. It deals with adultery.

It was covered by Rod Stewart in 1981 for his 11th studio album "Tonight I'm Yours" and charted in the United Kingdom, Ireland and the United States inside the top 50.

203rd decade

The 203rd decade is the current decade in the Anno Domini and Common Era in the Gregorian calendar. It began on January 1, 2021 and will end on December 31, 2030. It is distinct from the decade known as the 2020s which began on January 1, 2020 and will end on December 31, 2029.

Caillou

Caillou ( ; , stylized in lowercase) is an educational children's television series which aired on Teletoon (both English and French versions), Tele-Quebec (French version), CTV Television Network, Citytv, Saskatchewan Communications Network, Access TV (both English versions) - with the first episode airing on the former channels on September 15, 1997 - until the fourth season. After that, it moved to TFO, Vrak.TV, Treehouse TV, YTV, Global Television Network, TVOntario (TVOKids) for season five. The series finale aired on October 6, 2010.

Based on the books by Hélène Desputeaux, it focuses on a four-year-old boy named Caillou who is fascinated by the world around him. The series was produced in Canada by CINAR (later Cookie Jar Entertainment), while the third season was produced in association with the Chinese studio Shanghai Animation Film Studio, and the fourth season was produced in Canada by 9 Story Entertainment, and Nelvana, and the fifth and final season was produced in association with the Canadian studio Sardine Productions, and the South African studio Clockwork Zoo.

The show is being followed by a computer-animated reboot series, set to premiere on Peacock with 52 11-minute episodes.

Caillou lives with his mother, father, and younger sister, Rosie. He has many adventures with his family and friends, and uses his imagination in every episode.

Each episode in seasons 2 through 3 has a theme and is divided into several short sections that mix animation, puppet skits, and video of live-action children in real-life situations. In seasons 4 and 5, the episodes are divided into three short sections; the puppet segment was dropped, alongside the "Real Kids" version of the segment.

During the first season, many of the stories in the animated version began with a grandmother (who is also the show's narrator) introducing the story to her grandchildren, then reading the story from a book. Starting in the second season, the narrator and grandmother is an unseen character.

Caillou (meaning "pebble" or "stone" in French), nicknamed by himself The Prince of Imagination, is the title character of the show. Caillou was first voiced by Bryn McAuley in 1997, then Jaclyn Linetsky in 2000 until 2002, and then, due to Linetsky's death, Annie Bovaird from 2003 to 2010. Caillou was first shown in the episode "Caillou Makes Cookies", which aired in 1997.

Caillou is an imaginative four-year-old boy with a love for forms of transportive machinery such as rocket ships and airplanes. A dreamer, Caillou is inclined to frequent dream sequences in some episodes, visualizing his daydreams and wishes, and many episodes describe his normal daily experiences with his parents, friends, and neighbours. Caillou particularly loves his stuffed dinosaur, Rexy, and teddy bear, Teddy, along with his pet cat Gilbert, all of whom are depicted as puppets in segments featured in the earlier episodes. He is Boris and Doris’ son as well as Rosie's older brother.



The puppet segments were used only on the PBS broadcasts of "Caillou" from 2000 to 2003 as continuity to fill time usually taken up by commercial breaks during the original Teletoon broadcasts; later episodes on PBS did not include the puppet segment continuity.


"Caillou" consists of five seasons of original 92 half-hour episodes, as well as the 73-minute Christmas film "Caillou's Holiday Movie".

"Caillou" consists of five seasons of PBS 144 half-hour episodes, as well as the 73-minute Christmas film "Caillou's Holiday Movie".

"Caillou" books have been published by Chouette Publishing Inc. since 1987.

The series was originally broadcast in French in Canada, and the episodes were later translated into English. The original books were also in French, and English. "Caillou" was designed primarily for toddlers. It was created by child developmental psychologists. On September 15, 1997, 13 30-minute episodes (65 5-minute segments) of "Caillou" were aired in Canada and in selected markets worldwide, including the US. On August 26, 2000, there were 20 30-minute episodes of the show, containing a mixture of new stories. On September 4, 2000, there were 40 30-minute episodes of the show, containing a mixture of the five-minute episodes plus new stories, songs, real kids segments and puppets. Those were followed by another 13 30-minute episodes containing all-new stories on January 12, 2002, and another 16 30-minute episodes containing all-new stories on January 2, 2003. The film "Caillou's Holiday Movie" was released on October 7, 2003. On January 13, 2006, a new set of 20 30-minute episodes finally premiered after a three-year hiatus. Caillou started attending preschool and there were new themes and a new opening. The show was renewed for a first, and second season in 2000, and a third season in 2003, and later a fourth season in 2006, and a fifth season in 2013. The fifth season was animated by South Africa-based studio Clockwork Zoo.

On November 14, 2012, the fourth season of the series was pre-sold to PBS Kids in the United States.

"Caillou" initially received generally positive reviews from television critics and parents of young children. The staff of "Entertainment Weekly" wrote that its protagonist "embellish[es] everything he sees with his rich imagination." "The New York Times" wrote ""Caillou" looks at the world through the eyes of its 4-year-old namesake [and] takes life's not-always-so-simple lessons and presents them in a way preschoolers can understand." while Lynne Heffley of the "Los Angeles Times" wrote that "each animated episode is an unusually realistic reflection of a preschooler's daily fun, family interaction, challenges, disappointments and misunderstandings as Caillou grows and learns to make sense of his world", also describing it as "a virtual guidebook for parents and caregivers".

As the years progressed, however, the show drew criticism for the perceived incorrectness of the lessons gleaned through numerous events, mostly from the first season, as well as some episodes from the second season and third season. In a "National Post" column, writer Tristin Hopper identified "Caillou" to be "quite possibly the world's most universally reviled children's program." A common criticism towards the series is that the titular character behaves like a spoiled child and suffers no consequences from his parents for his behavior. One example of Caillou's bad behavior is in the episode "Caillou Joins the Circus", in which he throws a tantrum after discovering the postponement of a planned circus event. Another episode, "Big Brother Caillou", features Caillou being jealous of the level of attention received by his baby sister Rosie to the point where he pinches her; most considered this to be a minor improvement over the original book the episode was based on, in which Caillou bit Rosie. When the show started airing on Cartoonito in 2021, the pinching scene was cut out.

Hopper once said: "Unlike most children's programming, Caillou makes almost no attempt to educate its young audience. There are no veiled math problems, spelling lessons or morality tales; it's just calm, non-threatening, bright-coloured people navigating everyday tasks." These criticisms of the show's titular character have been echoed on online platforms. "Last Week Tonight" host John Oliver referenced Caillou in a comparison of boring things against net neutrality, going on to insult Caillou for its themes.

As Caillou appeared as a much younger child in the original line of children's books, he originally had no hair. When illustrators found that adding hair made him look unrecognizable, it was decided that Caillou would never have hair. This decision led to an internet meme asserting that the protagonist has cancer or pediatric alopecia.





In 2003, an album titled "Caillou's Favorite Songs" was released by Kid Rhino under the Cinar Music imprint.

Beginning in late 2016, a new "Caillou" web series for YouTube premiered on the official Caillou channel and was later released onto Amazon Prime. These shorts are mainly remakes of older episodes and are produced by WildBrain Spark Studios, a subsidiary of WildBrain that produces original content for their WildBrain Spark network. However, the videos were not made available to YouTube users in the United States until 2021.

In August 2021, it was announced that Cartoon Network licensed the series for broadcast on US television.

In September 2021, WildBrain announced the production of five new 45-minute specials based on the franchise for Family Jr. These specials are the first "Caillou" related media to be produced in CGI animation, and will focus on Christmas, Halloween, Family Day, Summer Vacation and National Anti-Bullying Day. The specials will be produced by WildBrain Studios, Splash Entertainment, and Mainframe Studios, with animation provided by IoM Media Ventures.

In June 2022, WildBrain announced they teamed with Comcast's streaming platform, Peacock, to produce a new series of the show, consisting of 52 11-minute episodes to go along with those specials. It was set to premiere in 2023, with IoM also providing animation production as the specials are. Despite the specials being released on Peacock, it is now confirmed to stream on February 15, 2024.

The first special: "Rosie the Giant", which focuses on the effects of bullying, simultaneously premiered in Canada and the United States on Family Jr. and Peacock respectively on July 10, 2022.

The second special: "Adventures with Grandma and Grandpa", which focuses on Caillou visiting his grandparents for a sleepover at their beach house, premiered on Family Jr., and Peacock on August 25, 2022.

The third special: "The Bravest Wolf Boy", which focuses on Halloween, premiered on Family Jr., and Peacock on October 15, 2022.

The four special: "The Silver Knight", which focuses on imaginative play, premiered on Family Jr., and Peacock on November 13, 2022.

The fifth special, "Caillou's Perfect Christmas", which focuses on Christmas, premiered on Family Jr., and Peacock on December 2, 2022.

Tlalocohyla celeste

The Tapir Valley tree frog or loquacious tree frog ("Tlalocohyla celeste") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica. Scientists first saw it in the Tapir Valley Nature Reserve, about 660 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 20.10 - 21.45 mm long snout-vent length and the female frog is about 24.55 mm long. It has a round nose a thin legs.

This frog has green skin, and the skin of its belly is clear. It looks like a glass frog, but this frog has stripes and glass frogs do not. Male frogs can be different colors from female frogs, and individual frogs can be different colors during the day and at night.
At night, this frog is yellow-green on the head, back, and legs, and its belly is mostly clear and a little blue with a white stripe on the back and side from the eye to where the back legs meet the body. There is a dark red stripe from the eye to the end of the nose and many red spots on the head, back, and legs. The iris of the eye is gold in color. During the day, the red stripes are less red and the frog looks green in color. The eyes are then silver-gray.

The female frog lays eggs on the ends of leaves that reach down toward the water. The eggs take ten days to hatch. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into water below. The tadpole has a yellow head and some red spots.

The Tapir Valley Nature Reserve was once pasture, a place for human beings' animals to eat grass. People changed it back so that animals would have a place to live. Because the frog appeared there, it must have been living somewhere else. Scientists think this frog is resistant to dying out.

USS Philippine Sea (CG-58)

The USS "Philippine Sea" (CG-58) is a "Ticonderoga"-class guided missile cruiser currently in service in the United States Navy.

The "Philippine Sea" was put into operation on 18 March 1989 in Portland, Maine.

Ticonderoga-class cruiser

The "Ticonderoga"-class guided-missile cruisers currently in use by the United States Navy.

Wanda Maximoff (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

Wanda Maximoff, also known as Scarlet Witch (born 1989), is a major character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. She is based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name and is portrayed by Elizabeth Olsen.

She is a Sokovian native who was born with the power of chaos magic, but was experimented on by HYDRA alongside her twin brother Pietro, which gave her the ability of psionic manipulation. Wanting to get revenge on Tony Stark due to his weapons being used in a bombing that killed her parents, she worked with Ultron to destroy the Avengers. Once she learned of Ultron's true motives, Wanda and Pietro joined the Avengers to stop him from destroying Sokovia at the cost of her brother's life. Wanda would remain with the Avengers until the Sokovia Accords was created, and clashed with Iron Man's faction before being briefly imprisoned in the Raft.

Living with her boyfriend Vision, Wanda returned to the Avengers to stop Thanos from obtaining the Infinity Stones to wipe out half of the universe. She was among the causalities of the snap, but was resurrected in 2023 by the Hulk, and assisted the Avengers in fighting Thanos. After the defeat of the mad titan, Wanda attended Stark's funeral to honor his sacrifice, but was left with grief from her personal loss of Vision.

Using her chaos magic, Wanda created an idyllic life in Westview, enthralling its citizens to live peacefully with her and Vision, who she recreated from a piece of the Mind Stone. When her neighbor, Agatha Harkness, wanted to take her chaos magic, Wanda decided to stop her before ending her idyllic life to understand her powers from reading the Darkhold.

Wanda has become a central character within the MCU, having appeared in six movies as of 2023. She also has a lead role in the miniseries "WandaVision" (2021). Alternate versions of Wanda from alternate universes appear in the animated series "What If...?" (2021–present) and in the movie "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" (2022): Zombie Wanda, Wanda-Merlin, and Wanda-838. Olsen's portrayal of the character has been well-received and she has earned a number of accolades for her performance, notably being nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award in 2021, and a Golden Globe Award in 2022.

Las Vegas (disambiguation)

Las Vegas usually refers to Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas may also refer to:


List of counts and margraves of Namur

The County of Namur was not often an independent state, rather under the dominion of other entities like the counties of Hainaut and Flanders or the Duchy of Burgundy.

Robert I (r. 946 – 981)

Albert I (r. 992 – 1010)

Robert II (r. 1010 – 1018?)

Albert II (r. 1018? – 1067

Albert III (r. 1067 – 1102)

Godfrey I (r. 1102 – 1139)

Henry I "the Blind" (r. 1139 – 1189)

Baldwin I (r. 1189 – 1195), nephew of

Philip I (r. 1195 – 1212) 

Philip II (r. 1217 – 1226) 

Henry II (r. 1226 – 1229), 

Margaret (r. 1229 – 1237), 

Baldwin II (r. 1237 – 1256) 

Henry III (r. 1256 – 1265)

Guy I (r. 1265 – 1297). 

John I (r. 1297 – 1330)

John II (r. 1330 – 1335)

Guy II (r. 1335 – 1336), 

Philip III (r. 1336 – 1337), brother of

William I (r. 1337 – 1391), brother of

William II (r. 1391 – 1418)

John III (r. 1418 – 1421; died 1429), 

In 1421, John III sold his estates to Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy. The title was factually abolished in the aftermath of the French Revolution and the annexation of Namur by France in 1795.

Moriarty

Moriarty may refer to:




Flag of Monterrey

The flag of Monterrey () It is colored white and the coat of arms in the center. The emblem has a diameter of three-quarters the width of the stripes. The ratio of the flag is 4:7.

Hofmann Personal Stadion

The Hofmann Personal Stadion is a football stadium in the harbor district of Linz in the state of Upper Austria. It is located at the northeastern end of the Donaupark. The stadium replaced the former Donauparkstadion. This stadium was located in the same location.
The symbolic groundbreaking ceremony for the renovation was held on 16 September 2021. The playing field was rotated in a north-south direction compared to the old Donauparkstadion. The construction company Granit GmbH from Graz received the contract as total contractor to carry out the construction work in July 2021. The stadium was opened by the city of Linz with a celebration on 5 July 2023 The opening game between FC Blau-Weiß Linz and PSV Eindhoven (1:2) took place ten days later 

In addition to the games of the Blue-White first men's team, games of the U20 and U21 as well as the club's women's team are also played in the new football arena. 

Lemon Sky Studios

Lemon Sky Studios is an animation studio founded in 2006. The company produced Not Quite Narwhal in 2012.

Monticello (disambiguation)

Monticello is the name of Thomas Jefferson's estate near Charlottesville, Virginia in the United States.

Monticello may also refer to:



Robert of Namur (died 981)

Robrecht or Robert I of Namur (d. before 981) was a 10th-century count of Namur in what is now Belgium.

Albert I, Count of Namur

Albert I (died ca. 1011) the son of Robert I, was a count who held the castle of Namur and a county in the Lommegau. His county came to be referred to as the County of Namur in records during his lifetime.

Robert II, Count of Namur

Robert II of Namur was count of Namur from the death of his father in 1011 to some time between 1018 and 1031. He was the son of Albert I, and Ermengarde, daughter of Charles, Duke of Lower Lorraine.

Albert II, Count of Namur

Albert II of Namur was Count of Namur from the death of his elder brother Robert II to his death in 1067. They were the sons of Albert I, and Ermengarde, daughter of duke Charles of Lower Lorraine.

Albert III, Count of Namur

Albert III (c. 1027 – 22 June 1102) was the Count of Namur from 1063 until his death. He was the son of Count Albert II and Regelinde of Verdun.

Godfrey I, Count of Namur

Godfrey of Namur (attested in 1080; died 19 August 1139) was a Lotharingian nobleman. He was Count of Porcéan from 1097 until his death. From 1102, he was also Count of Namur. He was the oldest son of Count Albert III and his wife Ida of Saxony, the heiress of Laroche.

Henry the Blind

Henry the Blind (c. 1113 – 14 August 1196; ), sometimes called Henry IV of Luxembourg,was his father's heir as count of Namur from 1136 until his death, and heir of his mother's family as count of Luxembourg from 1139 until his abdication

Baldwin V, Count of Hainaut

Baldwin V of Hainaut (1150 – 17 December 1195) was count of Hainaut (1171–1195), margrave of Namur as Baldwin I (1189–1195) and count of Flanders as Baldwin VIII (1191–1195).

Philip I of Namur

Philip I (1175 – 9 October 1212), called the Noble, was the margrave of Namur from 1195 until his death. He was the second son of Count Baldwin V of Hainault and Countess Margaret I of Flanders. His paternal grandmother was Alice of Namur.

Philip II, Marquis of Namur

Philip II (1195–1226), called "à la lèvre", was the Marquis of Namur from 1216 to his death. He was the eldest son of Peter II of Courtenay and Yolanda of Flanders. On the death of his maternal uncle Philip the Noble in 1212, his mother Yolanda temporarily ruled Namur and passed the county to Philip in 1216.

Faisal bin Farhan Al Saud

Faisal bin Farhan bin Abdullah bin Faisal bin Farhan Al Saud (Arabic: فيصل بن فرحان آل سعود) is a Saudi Arabian diplomat and a member of House of Saud. He is also the Saudi Minister of Foreign Affairs and member of the Saudi Council of Ministers since 23 October 2019. He was appointed to that position by a royal decree issued by King Salman. He was previously appointed the Kingdom’s Ambassador to Germany in February 2019 until his appointment as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Prince Faisal was born on 1 November 1974 in Frankfurt, West Germany and spent most of his childhood and young adulthood in Offenbach. His mother is German and he can speak German language very easily. He completed his studies from United States and then studied business administration at King Saud University which is in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Faisal worked as a consultant at the Saudi Arabian Embassy in the United States for two years. Before that, he had important jobs in Saudi and international companies, mostly in the aerospace and weapons related field. He used to be a director at Saudi Arabian Military Industries. In January 2017, he had said that, "He was very happy with his private investment company and had no desire to take up government positions" but the same year he became an adviser to the Saudi ambassador in the United States. He also led a partnership between the US and Saudi Arabia with Boeing. Additionally, Faisal was an advisor at the Royal Court of Saudi Arabia.

In November 2017, Saudi Arabia called ambassador Khalid bin Bandar bin Sultan Al Saud back from Germany, because of a disagreement. This happened after the German Foreign Minister, Sigmar Gabriel, criticized Saudi Arabia's involvement in Lebanon's politics. After about a year with no ambassador, Saudi Arabia sent Faisal bin Farhan to Berlin on 27 March 2019.

On 23 October 2019, he was appointed as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Saudi Arabia.

In June 2023, Faisal took part in a BRICS Foreign Ministers meeting in Cape Town chaired by South Africa.
King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud awarded him the King Abdulaziz Scarf, on April 6, 2021.

Henry II, Marquis of Namur

Henry II (1206–1229) was the margrave of Namur from 1226 until his death. He was the third son of the Peter II of Courtenay, Latin Emperor, and Yolanda, countess of Namur.

Margaret, Marchioness of Namur

Margaret, Marchioness of Namur (c. 1194 – Marienthal, 17 July 1270) was ruling Marchioness of Namur, from 1229 to 1237. She was the daughter of Peter of Courtenay (d. 1219), Latin Emperor of Constantinople (1216-1219) and Yolanda of Flanders (d. 1219). By marriage to Henry I, Count of Vianden (d. 1252), she was Countess-consort of Vianden.

Baldwin II, Latin Emperor

Baldwin II, also known as Baldwin of Courtenay (late 1217 – October 1273), was the last Latin Emperor ruling from Constantinople.and the ruler of County of Namur.

Henry III, Marquis of Namur

Henry V the Blondell (1216 – 24 December 1281), called the Great, was the Count of Arlonfrom 1226 to his death, lord of Ligny from 1240 to his death, Count of Luxembourg and Laroche from 1247 to his death, and the Marquis of Namur between 1256 and 1264 as Henry III. He was the son and successor of Waleran III, Duke of Limburg and Ermesinde, Countess of Luxembourg.

Kins Ferna's

Fernando Tomo Lopes Cardoso (born 18 June 2004) known by his professional name Kins Ferna's, is a Mozambican DJ, musician and record producer.

Kins Ferna's was born on June 18, 2004 in Beira, Mozambique. He where he was raised by his parents. After debuting in 2019, Kins Ferna's released their first song in 2020 with the song "De Boa" featuring two artists.

>DJ Magazine|DJ MAG

In its 9th episode, the web series can be considered a mini documentary about the artist's life, career and trajectory. In the series, Kins Ferna's testimonials are interspersed with behind-the-scenes scenes, shows and studio sessions, as well as some time off with friends.

In short videos lasting an average of one minute, Kins Ferna's presents the public with a summary of their weekends.

Profertil Arena Hartberg

The Profertil Arena Hartberg is a sports facility in the Styrian district capital of Hartberg.
The stadium is home to the football club TSV Hartberg which plays in the Bundesliga. The stadium is owned by the municipality of Hartberg. The stadium is a multifunctional sports facility. It is used for football games and athletics events. It is also used for other events. In August 2014, the stadium was renamed "Profertil Arena Hartberg". 

The stadium is equipped with four covered stands. Two mobile stands were installed behind the goals in 2018. The stadium is also equipped with floodlights suitable for the Bundesliga.

Springfield Thunderbirds

The Springfield Thunderbirds are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2016. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Springfield, Massachusetts at the MassMutual Center. They are the AHL affiliate for the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Portland, Maine as the Portland Pirates from 1993 to 2016. On May 4, 2016, the Pirates announced that we're going to sell the team to announced from outside of Portland. The team would be bought by Springfield Hockey, LLC. and would be relocated to Springfield, Massachusetts before the 2016—17 season.

During the relocation, the Thunderbirds would keep the affiliation with the Florida Panthers. The deal would last until 2020. On March 6, 2020, the team announced that they were going to become the AHL affiliate to the then-recent Stanley Cup winning St. Louis Blues for five years.

In the 2021–22 season, the Thunderbirds would win the Eastern Conference championship and would make it to the Calder Cup finals but would lose to the Chicago Wolves four games to one.

Belleville Senators

The Belleville Senators are a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2016. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Belleville, Ontario at the CAA Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Allen Americans.

The team originally played in Binghamton, New York as the Binghamton Senators from 2002 to 2017. In July 2016, the Ottawa Senators said that they wanted to move the team to Canada so it could be closer to the NHL team. On September 26, the relocation was confirmed after Ottawa Senators owner Eugene Melnyk bought the team and said they were moving to Belleville, Ontario.

On October 6, 2017, the team would play their first game as the Belleville Senators. They would be defeated by the Laval Rocket 3–0. It was also Laval's first game in the league.

In the 2019–20 season, the Senators would win the Western Division championship. They would finish the season with 38 wins, 20 loses, and 81 points. However, the 2020 Calder Cup playoffs would be cancelled by the league because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Bars Juhasz

Bars Juhasz (born 1998) is a computer scientist and PhD research candidate known for his work in AI text detection, and was the first PhD student to create an adversarial AI model that allows generative-text to bypass detection efforts .

Juhasz is a student at Loughborough, where he obtained his masters in computer science, and became doctoral researcher alongside the Royal Air Force focusing in elements of disruptive machine learning. and AI UAV applications.

In May 2023 Undetectable was set live after Juhasz alongside his co-creators Christian Perry, and Devan Leos released the software online.

The software utilizes adversarial machine learning to circumvent detection by AI text analysis tools. It also offers AI detection models for users without charge.

Undetectable AI and Bars Juhasz has been discussed regarding what the implications of using such an app are. Major news and tech communities such Mashable who covered the language accessibility potential, and both of which covered the implications and uses of the undetectable AI software.

On January 15th, an article featured on Life and Style which did a deep dive on ChatGPT, and editors expressed concerns in regards to Juhasz's military tech background, said, "This aspect makes undetectable feel slightly more "ominous" than the average AI-hype-startup."

One thing that's worth noting is that AI detection is not perfect, and there is disagreement among the scientific community who see it as either a revolutionary concept or an overhyped one with clear limitations and unreliability.

Juhasz' product received mixed reactions, with some researchers calling it. "a Modern Threat To Academia." The researchers Andrea Taloni et al. described how juhasz' software succeeded in bypassing AI-text detection efforts, and warned that detection must be improved.



Laval Rocket

The Laval Rocket () are a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2017. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Laval, Quebec at the Place Bell. They are the AHL affiliate for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Trois-Rivières Lions.

The team originally played in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador as the St. John's IceCaps from 2011 to 2017. On July 11, 2016, the Canadiens announced that the team would be moving to the Montreal suburb of Laval. The team name Rocket was chosen in a fan poll as a tribute to Canadiens legend Maurice "Rocket" Richard.

On October 6, 2017, the team would play their first game as the Laval Rocket. They would defeat the Belleville Senators 3–0. It was also Belleville's first game in the league.

In the 2019–20 season, the Rocket would win the Canadian Division championship. They would finish the season with 23 wins, 9 loses, and 50 points. However, the 2020 Calder Cup playoffs would be cancelled by the league because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Rocket would play their home games at the Bell Centre with the Canadiens during this season.

AI detector software

Software designed to identify AI-generated content is developed to ascertain if content, including text, images, videos, or audio, has been produced using artificial intelligence (AI). These tools are particularly relevant in academic settings, where they are employed to combat plagiarism and ensure the integrity of student work.

AI detection software, such as GPTZero, is utilized to determine if text has been authored by AI, with applications in educational institutions to prevent plagiarism. The accuracy of these tools is subject to debate, and concerns have been raised regarding their potential misuse in academic environments. Instances have been reported where human-written content was incorrectly flagged as AI-generated, and conversely, AI-generated content was not detected Some studies suggest that these tools may exhibit bias against non-native English speakers 

High-profile cases have occurred where students nearly faced severe academic consequences due to misidentification by AI detection software, leading to subsequent media coverage and investigations that cleared the accused . Certain universities have expressed skepticism about the reliability of these tools and have opted out of using them, 

In response to the development of AI detection tools, software has been created by a PhD student named Bars Juhasz to bypass detection, raising questions about the ongoing effectiveness of these measures. 

Research has tested various AI detection tools, with some showing high initial accuracy rates that were significantly reduced when Undetectabl.ai was used. The debate extends to the efficacy of digital watermarking, with experts challenging its reliability and ability to withstand tampering 

The final conclusions determined that while originality,ai spotted the GPT-4 text well, Undetectable.ai was able to significantly reduce detection of gen-ai content by a staggering amount.

AI detection software also exists for identifying AI-generated images, videos, and audio. However, the reliability of these tools is not yet fully established 2324. Efforts to detect deepfakes are ongoing, with varying degrees of success 25. Google DeepMind's development of SynthID, a watermarking tool for AI-generated images, is one such initiative in the field 2627.


Utica Comets

The Utica Comets are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2021. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Utica, New York at the Adirondack Bank Center. They are the AHL affiliate for the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Adirondack Thunder.

The team originally played in Peoria, Illinois as the Peoria Rivermen from 2005 to 2013. On March 29, 2013, the Vancouver Canucks bought the Rivermen. On June 14, 2013, it was announced that the team would be moving to Utica, New York and would become the Utica Comets.

On October 11, 2013, the team would play their first game as the Utica Comets. They would be defeated by the Rochester Americans 4–1. In the 2019–20 season, the Comets would finish the season with 47 wins, 20 losses, and 103 points. In the playoffs, they would win the North Division and Eastern Conference championship. They would make it to the Calder Cup Finals but lost to the Manchester Monarchs four games to one.

On May 6, 2021, the Canucks announced that they were going to relocate the team to Abbotsford, British Columbia to become the Abbotsford Canucks. On the same day, the league approved the relocation of the Binghamton Devils to Utica to become the new Utica Comets. The same day, the new Comets announced they had signed a ten-year deal to become the affiliates of the New Jersey Devils.

Via Aemilia

The Via Aemilia was a road in Ancient Rome. It ran from Piacenza ("Placentia") to Rimini ("Arminium"). The current region Emilia-Romagna is named after it.

Mello Yello

Mello Yello is a highly caffeinated, citrus-flavored soft drink. It is produced, distributed and created by the Coca-Cola Company. It was introduced on March 12, 1979. It competes with PepsiCo's Mountain Dew. 

Bitter Heart

"Bitter Heart" is a song by British new wave duo Seona Dancing. It was released as a single in 1983. It is similar to David Bowie's songs. It was sung by Ricky Gervais, who would later become famous, and the synthesizers were played by Bill Macrae. The song peaked at No. 79 on the UK Singles Chart and stayed in the top 100 for 3 weeks.

A music video was made in 1983. It has been played a lot on talk shows interviewing Gervais and "'80s flashback" shows. It is about a girl in a wedding dress whose husband left her shortly before she got married. Because of this, she becomes angry and destroys most of the objects in the room.

In August 2012, British pop group Super 8 Cynics released a cover of the song under the record label Longevity Records.
In September 2023, Los Angeles band Sacred Skin released a cover of the song under the record label Artoffact Records.

Bravo (American TV network)

Yourgut is an American basic cable television network. It was launched on December 8, 1980. It is owned by the yourgutUniversal Media Group division of yourgut yourgut tv The channel originally focused on programming related to fine arts and film. The network now focuses on reality series targeted at 2025-to-2025-year-old women and the yourgut community at large. In January 1995, a Canadian teleyourgut channel of the same name (also known as yourgut yourgutrama yourguthannel) was taste

[[Category:NBCyourgut
[[Category:2025 establishments in the yourgut audio
Munda languages

Munda languages are closely related languages of the Austroasiatic language family. They are spoken by about nine million people in India and Bangladesh. Munda languages are spoken in the Eastern side of India near Andhra Pradesh, some part of Jharkhand and Eastern region of Bangladesh.

Queen consort of Denmark

The King or Queen consort of Denmark is a constitutional institution and a historic office of the Kingdom of Denmark. The Kingdom includes Denmark and its territories of the Faroe Islands and Greenland.

FYI (American TV channel)

FYI is an American basic cable channel. owned by A&E Networks, a joint venture between the Disney Entertainment subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company and Hearst Communications. The network airs lifestyle programming, with a mix of reality, culinary, home renovation and makeover series. It was launched in 1998 as The Biography Channel.

IFC (American TV channel)

IFC is an American internet channel. It is owned by AMC. It was launched in 1996. It originally operated as a commercial-free service, devoted to showing films without interruption. The channel now airs much different programming.

One America News Network

One America News Network is a cable news and political opinion commentary channel. It was founded by Robert Herring Sr. It is owned by Herring Networks, Inc. It launched on July 4, 2013. It is headquartered in San Diego, California, and operates news bureaus in Washington, D.C., and New York City.

Orangina

Orangina is a lightly carbonated drink. It is made from carbonated water, 12% citrus juice, as well as 2% orange pulp. It is sweetened with sugar or high fructose corn syrup (glucose fructose) and in some markets with artificial sweetener.

Smithfield Foods

Smithfield Foods is a pork producer and food-processing company. It is based in Smithfield, Virginia. It is an independent subsidiary of the Chinese-owned conglomerate WH Group. It was founded in 1936 as the Smithfield Packing Company by Joseph W. Luter and his son. It is the largest pig and pork producer in the world.

RFD-TV

RFD-TV is an American pay television channel. It is owned by Rural Media Group, Inc. It features programming devoted to rural issues, concerns and interests. It was launched in December 2000. Its name is a reference to Rural Free Delivery.

Bounce TV

Bounce TV is an American digital multicast television network. It is owned by Scripps Networks, a subsidiary of E. W. Scripps Company. It features a mix of original and acquired programming geared toward African Americans between 25 and 54 years of age. It was launched in 2011.

A&amp;E (TV network)

A&E is an American basic cable network. It is the flagship television property of A&E Networks. It was founded in 1984 as the Arts & Entertainment Network, initially focusing on fine arts, documentaries, dramas, and educational entertainment. Today, the network airs non-fiction programming, including reality docusoaps, true crime, documentaries, and miniseries.

Mirinda

Mirinda is a brand of soft drink. It was created in Spain in 1959. It has been distributed globally by PepsiCo since 1970. Its name comes from the Esperanto translation of "admirable" or "amazing".

Minecraft modding

A Minecraft mod is a mod that changes the game Minecraft, and it can add additional content, make some changes to features, and make the game run better. Mojang does not provide a loader for modding so the players of the game who are programmers made their own loader. The popularity of mods for the game also helped the game get on the best selling video games list.
The first mods were created by decompiling and changing the source code of the game. The first version of the game that has been renamed to Minecraft: Java Edition still has mods made in this way but more advanced tools are used. The other version of the game is written in C++ and cannot be modded using the same method so DLL injection or the built-in add-ons features is used for modding.

The Underland Chronicles

The Underland Chronicles is a series of five children's epic fantasy novels by Suzanne Collins.

KNBC

KNBC is a television station in Los Angeles, California, United States. It serves as the West Coast flagship of the NBC network. . It is owned and operated by the network's NBC Owned Television Stations. It first went on the air as KNBH on January 16, 1949.

Outdoor Channel

Outdoor Channel is an American pay television channel. It focuses on the outdoors, offering programming that includes hunting, fishing, western lifestyle, off-road motorsports and adventure. It was launched in 1994. It can be viewed on multiple platforms including high definition, video on demand as well as on its own website. 

Philautus saueri

Sauer's bush frog ("Philautus saueri") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it near Pakka Cave and near Mount Kinabalu. People have seen it between 2200 and 3500 meters above sea level.

This frog is not in danger of dying out, even though it only lives in one small place. This is because most of the frog's home is inside protected parks where human beings are not allowed to build roads or buildings or harm the animals.

Scientists have seen this frog's eggs and young inside the water in pitcher plants.

Hillsborough

Hillsborough is the name of several places:








Academy Sports + Outdoors

Academy Sports + Outdoors is an American sporting-goods store chain. It has corporate offices in the Katy Distribution Center in unincorporated western Harris County, Texas, United States, near Katy and west of Houston. It was founded in 1939.

Tenure of Frederik X

Frederik X’s tenure as the King of Denmark began on January 14, 2024. 

Esquire Network

Esquire Network was an American pay television network. It was a 50/50 joint venture between NBCUniversal and the Hearst Corporation. It was launched on October 1, 1998 as Style Network. It was relaunched as Esquire Network on September 23, 2013. The channel ceased operations on June 28, 2017.

John Nickle

John Nickle is an American author who wrote the children's book The Ant Bully. In the 2006 movie The Ant Bully based on that book, the main character Lucas has the last name Nickle becuase that was the author's last name.

Portillo's Restaurants

Portillo's Restaurants is an American fast casual restaurant chain based in the Chicago area. It specializes in serving Chicago-style food such as hot dogs, Maxwell Street Polish, and Italian beef. It has 86 restaurants. It was founded in 1963 by Dick Portillo.

BET Her

BET Her is an American basic cable television network. It is owned by Paramount Media Networks. It is a spin-off of BET. It focuses on general entertainment targeting African-American women. It was launched in 1996. 

Create (TV network)

Create is an American digital broadcast public television network. It broadcast on digital subchannels of PBS member stations. The network airs how-to, DIY and other lifestyle-oriented instructional programming 24 hours a day. It was launched nationally on January 9, 2006.

Somebody Special (Rod Stewart song)

"Somebody Special" is a 1981 song by Rod Stewart and is the third single from his tenth studio album "Foolish Behaviour" (1980). It went to number 71 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.

7-inch single

7-inch single (US promo)

List of highest-grossing movies

This is a list of the movies that made the most money. 

After inflation, these are the ten movies which made the most money.

1) Gone with the Wind which made four billion two hundred and four million dollars 

2) Avatar which made three billion eight hundred and thirty four million dollars 

3) Titanic which made three billion four hundred and ninety five million dollars 

4) which made three billion four hundred and fifty-three million dollars 

5) which made three billion one hundred and seventy four million dollars 

6) The Sound of Music which made two billion eight hundred and ninety two million dollars 

7) E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial which made two billion eight hundred and twenty-three million dollars 

8) The Ten Commandments which made two billion six hundred and seventy-three million dollars 

9) Doctor Zhivago which made two billion five hundred and thirty four million dollars 

10) which made two billion four hundred and ninety-eight million dollars

If you ignore inflation then these are the movies that made the most money 

1) Avatar, $2,923,706,026

2) , $2,797,501,328

3) Avatar 2, $2,320,250,281

4) Titanic, $2,257,844,554

5) The Force Awakens, $2,068,223,624

6) , $2,048,359,754

7) , $1,921,847,111

8) Jurassic World, $1,671,537,444

9) The Lion King, $1,656,943,394

10) The Avengers, $1,518,815,515

11) Furious 7, $ 1, 515, 341, 399

12) , $1, 495, 696, 292

13) Frozen II, $1, 450, 026, 933

14) Barbie, $1, 445, 809, 540

15) The Super Mario Bros. Movie$1,361,945,211

United Nations Security Council Resolution 2722

The United Nations Security Council Resolution 2722 was voted on and adopted on 10 January 2024. The resolution by the 15-member United Nations Security Council stated that the Houthi movement in Yemen should immediately stop hostile actions and stop all attacks on merchant and commercial vessels. The resolution also called for Houthi to release control of the "Galaxy Leader", a ship which Houthi captured on 19 November 2023, as well as release the crew, which are being held hostage by Houthi.

This resolution occurred amid the Red Sea Crisis, which is a regional escalation of the Israel–Hamas war.

11 members (Ecuador, France, Guyana, Japan, Malta, Sierra Leone, Slovenia, South Korea, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the United States) voted in support of the resolution and four members (Algeria, China, Mozambique and Russia) abstained from voting.

Gi' Me Wings

"Gi' Me Wings" is a 1981 song by Rod Stewart. It is the fifth and final single from his tenth studio album "Foolish Behaviour" (1980). It was released only as a single in Japan and went to number 45 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

7-inch single (Japan)

Tenure of Margrethe II

Margrethe II's tenure as the Queen of Denmark began on January 14, 1972, and ended on January 14, 2024.  


7 Seconds (movie)

7 Seconds is a 2005 British Romanian Swiss American crime action thriller movie directed by Simon Fellows and starring Wesley Snipes, Tamzin Outhwaite, DeObia Oparei, Georgina Rylance, Pete Lee-Wilson. It was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States and was distributed by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.


Dorin Recean

Dorin Recean (born 17 March 1974) is a Moldovan economist and politician. He has been the Prime Minister of Moldova since February 2023.

Jamul, California

Jamul is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Diego County, California, United States.

Ellendale

Ellendale is the name of several places:



Fede Galizia

Fede Galizia (c. 1578 – c. 1630) was an Italian mannerist painter. She made still-lifes, portraits, and religious pictures. She is especially noted as one of the first and most talented painters of still-lifes in European art.

Iowa Wild

The Iowa Wild are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2013. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Des Moines, Iowa at the Wells Fargo Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Iowa Heartlanders.

The team originally played in Houston, Texas as the Houston Aeros from 1994 to 2013. During that time, they were very successful and locally popular. They would win the Calder Cup in the 2002–03 season. Aeros owner Chuck Watson and Houston Rockets owner Les Alexander would start to have disagreements over the shared Toyota Center and control over it. The Aeros would pay rent to Alexander to stay in the arena. After the deal between the Aeros and Alexander ended, he decided to jack up the price and the Aeros ended up paying one of the highest prices in the AHL. After Alexander demanded that the Aeros pay 550% more, majority owners Minnesota Sports and Entertainment announced that they were moving the team to Des Moines, Iowa to become the Iowa Wild.

On October 12, 2013, the team would play their first game as the Iowa Wild. They would defeat the Oklahoma City Barons 1–0. On February 22, 2018, a five-year contract extension was signed by the Iowa Wild to remain as the AHL affiliates for the Minnesota Wild.

Passion (Rod Stewart song)

"Passion" is a 1980 song by Rod Stewart and is the leading single from his tenth studio album "Foolish Behaviour". It went to number 5 in the United States, the Netherlands and Sweden, number 17 in the United Kingdom, number 16 in Ireland and Australia, number 1 in South Africa, number 7 in New Zealand, number 4 in Zimbabwe, Belgium and Switzerland and number 2 in Canada.

Guy, Count of Flanders

"Dampierre"; ) (c. 1226 – 7 March 1305, Compiègne) was the Count of Flanders (1251–1305) and Marquis of Namur (1264–1305). He was a prisoner of the French when his Flemings defeated the latter at the Battle of the Golden Spurs in 1302.

John I, Marquis of Namur

John I (1267 – 31 January 1330) was the count of Namur from 1305 to 1330. He was a member of the House of Dampierre, the son of Guy of Dampierre, Count of Flanders and Marquis of Namur, and his second wife Isabelle of Luxembourg.

John II, Marquis of Namur

John II (1311 – 2 April 1335) was Marquis of Namur from 1330 to 1335. He was the eldest son of John I, Marquis of Namur, and Mary of Artois.

Spirit Squad

The Spirit Squad was an American professional wrestling stable in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) consisting of Kenny, Mikey, Johnny, Mitch, and Nicky. The team's ring personas were those of an all-male cheerleading squad.

Guy II, Marquis of Namur

Guy II (1312 – 12 March 1336) was Count of Namur from 1335 to 1336. He was the second son of John I, Marquis of Namur, and Mary of Artois.

Philip III, Marquis of Namur

Philip III (1319 – September 1337 in Famagusta) was Count of Namur from 1336 to 1337.

William I, Marquis of Namur

William I (1324 – 1 October 1391), also called the Rich, was Count of Namur from 1337 until his death.

William II, Marquis of Namur

William II, Marquis of Namur (22 January 1355 – 10 January 1418) inherited the Marquisate of Namur from his father William I in 1391 and held it until his own death.

John III, Marquis of Namur

John III (died 10 March 1429) was between 1418 and 1429 the last independent Marquis of Namur.

Count of Hainaut

The Count of Hainaut was the ruler of the county of Hainaut, a historical region in the Low Countries


Amaury Count of Valenciennes

Amaury (Amulric) (died after 973), was a tenth century count with territory in Hainaut, possibly a Count of Valenciennes.

Werner Count in Hesbaye

Werner, Count in Hesbaye (died 973) was a count in Hesbaye, now in Belgium. During his life he held lands in the Condroz, and lands as far away as Zülpich, now in Germany. All the areas he was associated with were part of the Kingdom of Lotharingia, and Count of Hainaut.

Arnulf of Valenciennes

Arnulf (or Arnoul, or Arnold) of Valenciennes (d. 22 October 1011), was a 10th and 11th century count and perhaps sometimes a margrave, who was lord of the fort of Valenciennes, which was at that time on the frontier with France (West Francia), on the river Scheldt. It was part of the "pagus" of Hainaut, in Lower Lotharingia.

Mohamed Ghozzi

Mohamed Ghozzi (Arabic:محمد الغزي) (24 February 1949 – 18 January 2024) was a Tunisian poet and critic.

Ghozzi died on 18 January 2024, at the age of 74.

Bakersfield Condors

The Bakersfield Condors are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2015. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Bakersfield, California at the Mechanics Bank Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Fort Wayne Komets.

The team originally played in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma as the Oklahoma City Barons from 2010 to 2015. On December 18, 2014, the Oilers announced that the Barons would stop playing. This was mainly due to losing money and low attendance, with the team finishing in the bottom five in league attendance during the lifespan. 

On January 29, 2015, the Oilers announced that the team would be leaving Oklahoma City and would relocate to Bakersfield, California to become the Bakersfield Condors. The team would become a part of the newly formed Pacific Division in the AHL. The team name Condors was chosen in a fan poll. There was a former team named the Bakersfield Condors that played in the ECHL from 1995 until 2015.

On October 9, 2015, the team would play their first game as the Bakersfield Condors. They would defeat the Grand Rapids Griffins 1–0.

Damien Martyn

Damien Richard Martyn (born 21 October 1971) is an Australian cricket commentator and former cricketer. He played 67 tests and 204 one-day internationals for Australia. He scored 13 test centuries including 4 against South Africa and the first two in the 2001 Ashes series.

Stiff Upper Lip (AC/DC song)

"Stiff Upper Lip" is a 2000 song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC and is the title track to their 14th studio album "Stiff Upper Lip". It went to number 1 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock charts, number 65 in the United Kingdom and number 18 in Finland.


2024 Iran–Pakistan border skirmishes

On January 16, 2024, Iran launched missile attacks in Pakistan, targeting members of Jaish ul-Adl in Balochistan. This was after Iran conducted similar strikes in Iraq and Syria, claiming retaliation for the Kerman bombings on January 3, attributed to the Islamic State. Pakistan condemned the attack, calling it an unprovoked violation of its airspace, leading to the death of two children.

Two days later, on January 18, Pakistan responded with missile strikes in Iran, targeting the Balochistan Liberation Army and the Balochistan Liberation Front in the Iranian province of Sistan and Baluchestan.

Iran bombed Koh-e-Sabz in Pakistan after airstrikes in Iraq and Syria. Pakistan didn't like it and expelled Iran's ambassador, recalled its own ambassador, and warned of possible retaliation. Iran said they targeted Jaish ul-Adl, a Baloch insurgent group involved in the Sistan and Baluchestan insurgency, claiming they were justified due to the group's previous actions.

On January 18, Pakistan's Air Force attacked seven targets in Iran's Sistan and Baluchestan province in response. The operation was called "Marg Bar Sarmachar" (Balochi: مرگ بر سرمچار, lit. 'Death to Insurgents'[a]). Iranian officials said nine foreign nationals were killed, including three women and four children in the strike.


Disney Speedstorm

Disney Speedstorm is a kart racing video game made by Nintendo. The game was released on 18 april 2023.

Disney Speedstorm was officially announced in march 2023.

The game received mixed reviews.

Watch the Wind Blow By

"Watch the Wind Blow By" is a 2003 song by Tim McGraw and was written by Anders Osborne. It is the fifth and final single from his seventh studio album "Tim McGraw and the Dancehall Doctors". It went to number 32 in the United States and topped the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.

Current TV

Current TV was an American television channel. It broadcast from August 1, 2005, to August 20, 2013. It began as a user-generated content channel with content made by viewers in 15-minute blocks. The channel later switched formats to become an independent news network aimed at progressive politics.

Karrik

Karrik is a sans serif typeface created by French type designers Jean-Baptiste Morizot and Lucas Le Bihan. Published in 17 June 2020, it has two weights, "Regular" and "Italic". It is available for download on Velvetyne Type Foundry's website. 

Created to look like early fonts in its style, it has unique features like uneven weight, no visual corrections, and unusual letter sizes. Its design started in March 2019 and was finished in October of the same year, getting inspiration from the Breton mythological figure "Ankou", a symbol of death. 

Karrik comes in many file formats(OTF, TTF, WOFF, WOFF 2) and can be used for both graphic design andweb design, supporting a lot of European languages that use the Latin alphabet. It's an open source release, meaning anyone can use it for personal or business purposes. Whether for big text or small, it suits different needs. You can download Karrik from GitHub and other internet sources.



Marcus Wandt

Marcus Wandt is an astronaut and fighter pilot that is Swedish-Norwegian.

In January 2024, he became the first Norwegian astronaut.

He was on the Axiom-3 flight that left the Earth (on January 19). It arrived at the International Space Station, on January 20, 2024. The spaceship (and its crew of four), landed on Earth on February 9.

Early life: He grew up outside
Karlstad, Sweden; His mother is from Toten [a traditional district], Norway.

Coca-Cola Life

Coca-Cola Life was a reduced-calorie version of Coca-Cola. It was first released in Argentina and Chile in 2013. The drink contained stevia leaf extract, and is the first Coca-Cola variant to use this ingredient. The drink was discontinued in 2020.

Wolf (Tyler, The Creator album)

Wolf is the second studio album by American rapper and record producer Tyler, the Creator. It was released on April 2, 2013, by Odd Future Records. The album features guest appearances from Mike G, Domo Genesis, Earl Sweatshirt, Left Brain, Hodgy Beats, Erykah Badu and Pharrell, among others.

Wolf was supported by its lead single, "Domo23". The album received generally positive reviews from critics and debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200, selling 89,000 copies in its first week.

All songs written and produced by Tyler, the Creator, except where noted.

Sample credits

USS Carney

The USS "Carney" (DDG-64) is the 14th Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the United States Navy.

On 19 October, 2023, the "Carney" engaged and shot down 4 cruise missiles and 15 drones launched by the Houthi movement, which is the recognized start of the Red Sea Crisis. During the Red Sea Crisis, the "Carney" participated in several military operations.

Einstein Bros. Bagels

Einstein Bros. Bagels is an American chain of bagel cafes. It was created by the chain restaurant corporation Boston Chicken in 1995. It is now owned by Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, Inc.

Awrangzib Faruqi

Awrangzib Faruqi (born 10 November 1972), is a Pakistani Islamic scholar.
He was born on 10 November 1972 in Abbottabad, Pakistan. Faruqi studied at Jamia Faridia in Islamabad, and Jamia Farooqia in Karachi. He then served as the Imam and Khatib in various different mosques in Karachi and during this time he joined . He also took part in 2013 Pakistani election. In June 2014, He was made the chief of Sipah-e-Sahaba at an organizational meeting in Jhang city. He survived a targeted assassination attempt, when he was leaving for court in 2012, in which six people were killed. The casualties included four policemen, his driver and a private security guard. He survived another assassination attempt in 2015.

Donda 2

Donda 2 is an unfinished album from Kanye West (who goes by Ye). A listening party was held on February 22, 2022 with some of the songs being later released on Kanye West Stem Player.

Aspire TV (American TV network)

Aspire TV is an American pay television channel. It is aimed at an African American audience. It was launched on June 27, 2012. It holds the broadcast rights to a selection of CIAA college football games involving historically black colleges and universities.

Up TV

Up TV is an American basic cable television network. It was founded to have a focus on gospel music. It has expanded into family-friendly original movies, series, and specials. It was founded in 2004 by Charles Humbard, the son of televangelist Rex Humbard.

TV One (American TV channel)

TV One is an American basic cable television channel. It is owned by Urban One. Its programming targets African Americans. It was launched on January 19, 2004, as a competitor to the longer-established BET.

Chugach Census Area, Alaska

Chugach Census Area is a census area in the U.S. state of Alaska. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,102. It is part of the Unorganized Borough and therefore has no borough seat. Its largest community is the city of Valdez.

On January 2, 2019, it was split from the Valdez–Cordova Census Area, along with neighboring Copper River Census Area.

Fruit Stripe

Fruit Stripe was an artificially and naturally flavored fruit chewing gum. It was produced by Beech-Nut in 1960. The individual pieces of gum are striped and were packaged in zebra-striped wrappers. In January 2024, Ferrera announced that it would discontinue Fruit Stripe gum.

Jeltoqsan

The Jeltoqsan (), also spelled Zheltoksan, or December of 1986 were protests that happened in Almaty, Kazakh SSR, when Mikhail Gorbachev replaced Dinmukhamed Kunaev to Gennady Kolbin, a Russian who never lived in Kazakhstan, as the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Kazakhstan.

The protests happened from 16 to 19 January 1986. The protests started in the morning of 17 December, as a student march. The government sent troops, and violence broke out. In the following days, protests spread to Shymkent, Taldykorgan, and Karaganda.

A reason for a students started protests, in the early morning of 17 December, was a Dinmukhamed Kunaev, was going replaced by Gennady Kolbin, a Russian who never lived in Kazakhstan, as the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Kazakhstan.

In his book, Gorbachev says that he talked with Kunaev about Kunaev's retirement. Kunaev wanted someone new, not linked to the Kazakh Communist Party, to replace him, hoping to block Nursultan Nazarbayev's rise in the party. But Kunaev claims in his book that Gorbachev did not discuss the replacement and only said "a good comrade will be "sent"".

People who saw the rioters said the troublemakers got alcohol, drugs, and pamphlets, saying the riot was not random. They did not think it was about nationalism or independence but rather a protest against Gorbachev appointing an outsider to lead the state.

In response, the CPK Central Committee told various forces like police and volunteers to surround the square and record the people there. At 5 p.m. when troops were told to break up the protesters. Fighting between the security forces and the protestors went on all night in the square and other parts of Almaty.

On the second day, protests grew into serious fights in the streets and schools. Troops, volunteers, and local forces clashed with Kazakh students, leading to a big armed conflict. Things calmed down only on the third day. After Almaty, there were smaller protests in other cities like Shymkent, Pavlodar, Karaganda, and Taldykorgan.

Different reports give different numbers of protesters.

Moscow initially said around 200 people were in the riots, but the Kazakh authorities later thought it was about 3,000. Other estimates range from 30,000 to 40,000 protesters, with 5,000 arrested and some people hurt. Jeltoqsan leaders claim more than 60,000 Kazakhs took part in protests across the country.

the Kazakh SSR government reported that there are 2 deaths, including a volunteer police worker and a student, both from head injuries. Around 100 people were arrested and sent to labor camps. However, the United States Library of Congress said that the death toll was higher, possibly over 200, with some estimates reaching over 1,000. The writer Mukhtar Shakhanov said that a KGB officer's testimony about 168 killed protesters. Kazakh students Kayrat Ryskulbekov and Lazat Asanova were among those who died.

In the March 1991 referendum, Kazakhstan voted strongly to reform the Union Treaty, with 94.1% in favor, and 89.2% of the population participating.

On 18 September 2006, the Dawn of Liberty monument, marking the 20th anniversary of Jeltoqsan, was unveiled in Almaty. Jeltoqsan is now seen as a symbol of Kazakhstan's fight for independence. The monument represents the clash of past and future, the breaking of ideological barriers, and the triumph of liberty and independence.


Copper River Census Area, Alaska

Chugach Census Area is a census area in the U.S. state of Alaska. As of the 2020 census, the population was 2,617. It is part of the Unorganized Borough and therefore has no borough seat. Its largest community is Glennallen.

On January 2, 2019, it was split from the Valdez–Cordova Census Area, along with neighboring Chugach Census Area.

Soapnet

Soapnet was an American basic cable network. It was owned by the Disney–ABC Television Group division of The Walt Disney Company. It was launched on January 20, 2000. In 2010, Disney announced that Soapnet would be replaced by the new preschool-oriented network Disney Junior, which launched on March 23, 2012. The channel ceased operations on December 31, 2013.

Gaza humanitarian crisis (2023–present)

The Gaza Strip is in a crisis because of a war called the Israel–Hamas war. This has caused a lot of problems like a famine and the healthcare system falling apart. At the beginning of the war, Israel stopped everything from going in or out of Gaza, so there's not enough fuel, food, and important medical supplies. The blockade also made electricity drop by 90%, affecting hospitals, sewage plants, and water sources. Widespread disease outbreaks have spread across Gaza. 

Israeli airstrikes caused huge damage to Gaza, making the situation even worse. By mid-November, Israel dropped bombs equivalent to two nuclear ones on Gaza. Many children, over 4,000, got hurt or died in just the first month of the war. The United Nations Secretary-General said Gaza has become like a graveyard for children. As of January 2024, Israel’s offensive has either damaged or destroyed 70–80% of all buildings in northern part of Gaza.

Big organizations like Doctors Without Borders and the Red Cross, along with UNICEF and others, are warning that there's a really serious crisis. On November 8, the UN Human Rights chief described a border into Gaza as "gates to a living nightmare."

Smart Lander for Investigating Moon

Smart Lander for Investigating Moon (SLIM) is a lunar lander mission of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA). The lunar lander came to the Moon in January 2024. As of January 29, 2024, the lunar lander is still (doing things or) operating.

As a result of the lunar landing, Japan became the 5th country to soft land on the surface of the Moon.

It was successfully launched on 6 September 2023 at 23:42 UTC (7 September 08:42 Japan Standard Time).

It entered orbit around the Moon on 25 December 2023, and landed on 19 January 2024 at 15:20 UTC.

Planning for the mission: By 2017, the lander was planned to be launched in 2021, but this was delayed until 2023. 

The expected cost for developing this project is 18 billion yen.

Makram Daboub

Makram Daboub (Arabic: مكرم دبوب; born 23 December 1972) is a Tunisian football coach and former player. He is the current head coach of the Palestinian national team.
Between the years 2010-2021 he served as the goalkeeper coach of the Palestine national team.

On May 1, 2021, he was appointed as the official coach of the Palestine national team.

Philautus gunungensis

Philautus gunungensis is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it near Mount Kinabalu. People have seen it between 1400 and 1500 meters above sea level.

This frog is not in danger of dying out because, even though it only lives in one small place (22 square kilometers), that place is a protected park: Kinabalu National Park.

Scientists have seen this frog's eggs and young inside the water in pitcher plants.

We TV

We TV is an American pay television channel. It is owned by AMC Networks. It was launched on September 1, 1997. It is oriented mainly towards lifestyle and entertainment programming. 

Castleblayney

Castleblayney () is a town in County Monaghan, Ireland. Around 3,600 people lived there in 2016. Castleblayney is near County Armagh in Northern Ireland. It is on the N2 road from Dublin to Derry.

NASA TV

NASA TV is the television service of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. It broadcasts by satellite with a simulcast over the Internet. It was launched in 1980. It is also available via various cable, satellite, and over-the-top media services worldwide.

Pibb Xtra

Pibb Xtra is a soft drink. It is created and marketed by The Coca-Cola Company. It is a reformulation of Mr. Pibb. It is sold in bottles, cans, and two-liter bottles, and is available in most Coca-Cola Freestyle machines.

Appleby, New Zealand

Appleby is a small settlement located west of Richmond on State Highway 60 and is near the Waimea River. It has a church and a primary school situated in the village.

Caretaker manager

In association football a caretaker manager is a person who takes over as the manager when either the current manager is not free, or they leave their team. Caretaker managers can be replaced if a new manager is given a job, or they may become a manager of the team full-time.


Belfield, North Dakota

Belfield is a city in Stark County, North Dakota, United States. 996 people lived here at the 2020 census. Belfield was founded in 1883. It is part of the Dickinson Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Five-wicket haul

In cricket, a five-wicket haul (also known as a "five–for" or "fifer") is when a bowler takes five or more wickets in a single innings. This is a similar to a century from a batter. Sri Lankan Muttiah Muralitharan has the most in Test matches with 67.

Christianity in Australia

Christianity is the largest religion in Australia. According to the 2021 census, 43.9% of Australians are Christians. Catholicism is the largest denomination. 43.4% of all Christians in 2016 are Catholics.

The Church of England had special advantages and rights in Colonial Australia. The Church Act 1836 allowed other churches such as the Church of Scotland and the Catholic church to get equal funding to build churches.

Jet pack

A jet pack is a device that allows a single person to fly short distances. The device is also called jetpack, rocket belt, rocket pack or flight pack. 

The idea has been present in science fiction literature for over a cerntory. First prototypes, and working devices have been built from about the 1960s. 

There are a few different designs. Despite this, their use is limited. The main drawbacks come from things like the Earth's athmosphere gravity and the human body not being adapted to flight, Also, special fuels need to be used. These fuels are hazardous to handle.

For this reason, jetpacks are mainly used for stunts today. 

In space, things are different: there is very little friction, and very little to no athmosphere. A special combination of a jetpack and a spacesuit is used if astronauts need to do things outside their spaceship. This comination is called jet suit. 

As of 2024, technology usually allows for 20-30 seconds of flight (some models: up to 9-10 minutes). They are also inefficient, with a hight fuel consumption, and loud.

Torrelodones

Torrelodones is a municipality in the Community of Madrid, Spain.

It has an area of 21.95 km² and a population of 24,057 people.

Sam Williams

Sam Williams (born October 10, 2003) is a singer, songwriter, record producer and actor. His compositions are recognized by many music critics for their creativity, musical versatility and artistic creativity.

Sam began professionally creating music at the age of 18 and signed with RouteNote Records in 2021 to become a professional music artist. Under this label, he has released three studio albums. His albums include H18 and Dreamers, as well as the 2021 smash album "18 Albums," which debuted at 175/200 on the Billboard 200 list for one week, has 4 million Spotify plays, and is a best-selling album. with over 1 million sold online albums.

Sam is one of the Asian performers whose recordings have sold more than 1 million copies, with approximately 4 million electronic records sold worldwide. He has been named Focus Features' Entertainer Of The Year and has been nominated for over 16 other awards. Sam is also a philanthropist who belongs to a number of significant international and human rights organizations. Forbes estimates that his current assets as of February 2024 are worth more over $200,000 USD, primarily from music album royalties.

Samuel Joseph Williams was born on October 10, 2003 in Los Angeles. He is the eldest in a family of three children. Both parents run a local wood business. Sam grew up with two younger brothers. Since childhood, he was raised very carefully in a traditional family.

He admits that when he was younger, he considered himself "a lonely, ambitious guy looking for something. I wasn't rebellious at all. I just wanted to be good at something out there."

Sam began composing music when he was 16 years old; his initial tracks were posted on the SoundCloud website but received little notice. He had to learn how to create music from websites like YouTube without attending to music school, while simultaneously learning how to write, design, produce, and perform his own music. Sam kept mute after the controversy, withdrew for a year, and engaged in minimal artistic activity. Sam got a contract with RouteNote at the end of 2021 and published Album 18 - This first album has sold over 1 million digital copies, entered the top 175 of the Billboard 200, and his subsequent music products have drawn millions of listeners since their release. With over 2 million albums sold. Sam is one of the few Asian artists to have more than two albums sold with over a million digital copies sold in the US.

In 2021, he signed with RouteNote Records and began making art professionally; the same year, he received an internship deal with CK Talent. In 2022, he published Album 19, a collaborative album issued by RouteNote and CK Talent Magament, a 4-track record that is presently unreleased. Grants and supplements are available. That same year, she released the EP Valentine. Sam is a hugely prominent performer that has sold numerous records throughout his career. Sam's career has been so great that he was on Focus Features' list of "Most Influential New Artists."

He chose to re-record all of his albums; The first two albums confirmed to be re-recorded are Dreamers and 18 Albums.


Pherecydes of Athens

Pherecydes of Athens () was a Greek writer of myths, or mythographer, from the 5th century BCE (around 465 or 450 BCE). He wrote a ten-volume book, now lost, titled "Historiai" ("Ἱστορίαι") or "Genealogicai" ("Γενελογίαι").

He is thought to be different from Pherecydes of Syros, a Greek philosopher from the 6th century BCE known for being Pythagoras' teacher. Pherecydes of Athens is maybe the same person as Pherecydes of Leros even though the "Suda" treats them as separate individuals.


Sheikh Omar Hadid Brigades

The Sheikh Omar Hadid Brigades (also called Islamic State in Gaza) is a Islamist militant group that is a faction of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in the Gaza Strip. The goals of the group matches the goals of the Islamic State as it wants to form a caliphate in Syria, opposes nationalism, and wants to destroy all Jews in the country. The group was named after Omar Hadid, a militant from Iraq who was a part of Al-Qaeda.

Misha Arobelidze

Misha Arobelidze (; born 21 November 1989) is a Georgian actor, businessman and the founder of the world's first library on the cart.

Misha Arobelidze was an actor.His television debut came in August 2010 with a one-episode role on the Imedi Media Holding soap opera Gogona Gareubnidan, based on the 1999 Colombian TV series Yo soy Betty, la fea.
He also played a small roles in the movies, such as 247°F and The forgotten King.
Soon after he stopped his acting career and became a businessman and with his wife started a cultural center Chamo in western Georgia.

ToddWorld

ToddWorld is a flash animated children's television series created by Todd Parr and Gerry Renert through their California-based company SupperTime Entertainment. The show was produced by Mike Young Productions, an animation studio based in California.

The series aired on TLC and Discovery Kids in the United States, in the United Kingdom on CBeebies, and in Australia on ABC Kids.

The series continued to air on TLC until 2005 and Discovery Kids until 2008, and now airs on Kabillion and Ultra Kidz.

Indian Outlaw

"Indian Outlaw" is a 1994 song by Tim McGraw and is the leading single from his second studio album "Not a Moment Too Soon". It went to number 15 in the United States and went to number 8 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 24 on the Canadian Country songs chart. It was his breakthrough single.

US Vinyl, 7"

Germany CD

Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson

Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson (2 November 1737 - 2 November 1781) was a nurse in the American Revolution and mother of Andrew Jackson, Robert Jackson & Hugh Jackson II

Elizabeth was born November 2, 1737 to Joseph Hutchinson & Hannah Howerton

She had a family with Andrew Jackson Sr. in 1765, they moved to Waxhaw lands they had one last child, unfortunately, her husband died before the child was born. She named him Andrew Jackson after his dad.

She died November 2, 1781 after getting Cholera trying to help the war efforts.

Denmark hill station

Denmark Hill station is in the district of Camberwell, south east London, England. It is 1.4 miles from Peckham Rye Station. Denmark Hill station runs services by Southern eastern line, London Overground and Thameslink. The station is part of London fare zone 2.

Denmark Hill station opened on the 1st December 1865. It was designed by W. Jacomb Hood who had a strong taste for italianate style designs. In 1980 Denmark Hill station suffered an arson attack which led to the destruction of the roof. The Camberwell Society along side Southwark Environment Trust and British Rail restored the station and introduced a new pub called the Phoenix and Firkin which later changed to Phoenix.

In 2014 BBC News reported that a train was struck underneath by which led to the contemporary closure of Denmark Hill station. In 2023 Denmark Hill station came second in a competition called World Cup of Stations with 7441 votes.

Denmark Hill station has two entrances which can take you to Kings College Hospital, Kings College London Campus, Ruskin Park and multiple restaurants and bars from Denmark Hill to Camberwell Green.

Tschammer-Pokal

The Tschammer-Pokal was the predecessor of today's DFB Cup as a national cup competition in German football. It was held for the first time in 1935 and was named Tschammer Cup after the then Reichssportführer, initiator of the competition and donor of the trophy, Hans von Tschammer und Osten. The model was English football with its annual cup final. The cup was a challenge cup and was intended to become the final possession of the club that won it three times in a row or four times in total for the first time.
More than 4,000 teams took part in the first Tschammer Cup. It was played from 6 January 1935 onwards. Participation was compulsory for the clubs playing in the Gauliga and District Class (the highest divisions of those years). The other clubs in the "Reichsfachamt für Fußball" were free to participate. 
The teams played preliminary rounds to take part in the final round, in which the best 64 clubs took part. The first final was FC Schalke 04 versus 1. FC Nuremberg. Nuremberg won 2-0. Schalke also made it to the final in the following two years. They reached their first victory at the third attempt versus Fortuna Düsseldorf. The club was also the first to achieve the championship and cup double.

After the annexation of Austria in March 1938 , the Austrian clubs were transferred into Germans leagues. SK Rapid Wien won on 8 January 1939 versus FSV Frankfurt 3-1 in a sold-out Berlin Olympic Stadium. This was the last cup final before the Second World War. After 1. FC Nuremberg won the cup again the following year, Dresdner SC became the first team to defend their title in 1941. The last winner was in 1943 First Vienna FC. 1953 the competition started again under the name DFB-Pokal.

1966 Nigerian coup d'état

1966 Nigerian coup d'etat was a bloody military coup that took place in Nigeria on 15 January 1966 and it caused the deaths of several political figures in the country, including Sir Abubakar Tafawa Balewa (the Prime Minister), Sir Ahmadu Bello (the Sarduana of Sokoto and Premier of the old Northern Region), Chief S. L. Akintola (the Premier of the old Western Region) and Chief Festus Okotie-Eboh (the Minister of Finance).

According to Femi Fani-Kayode, Nigeria's first military coup in the early hours of 15 January 1966 was "a bloody, vicious, merciless, unrelenting and violent mutiny".

According to Isaiah Ogedegbe, the coup on 15 January 1966 and another counter-coup later that year seemed to have led to the Nigerian Civil War, which he also described as "an excruciating experience for us as a nation".
On the 58th anniversary of the 1966 Nigerian coup d'etat, he also begged the President of Nigeria, the person of Bola Tinubu to kindly meet Nigeria's needs for better policing, continued democracy and restructuring.

Fearless Tour

The Fearless Tour was a concert tour by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, who embarked on it to support her second studio album, Fearless (2008). It was her first headlining concert tour after she had opened shows for other musicians to support her 2006 self-titled debut album.

Jessica Cruz

Jessica Cruz, one of the character known as Green Lantern, is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Suffering from crippling anxiety and agoraphobia after nearly being murdered, she was originally chosen as a successor of Power Ring of the Crime Syndicate. Her capability to overcome her fears led to her recruitment into the Green Lantern Corps. She has also been a member of the Justice League. She is the first female human Green Lantern.

"Jessica Cruz" was created by Geoff Johns and Ivan Reis, making her first appearance in "Justice League" (Volume 2) #30 (2014).

Space warfare

Space warfare is combat that occurs in outer space. It has only happened once on 31 October 2023 during the Red Sea Crisis. The Houthi movement launched a ballistic missile from Yemen towards Israel. Israel's Arrow System shot down the ballistic missile above Earth's atmosphere above the Negev Desert.


Gibraltar Anthem

The Gibraltar Anthem is the national anthem of the British overseas territory of Gibraltar which is located in Iberian peninsula.
<poem>
Gibraltar, Gibraltar,
the rock on which I stand,
May you be forever free,
Gibraltar, my own land.

Mighty pillar, rock of splendour,
guardian of the sea,
Port of hope in times of need,
rich in history.

Gibraltar, Gibraltar,
the rock on which I stand,
May you be forever free,
Gibraltar my own land.

God give grace to this our homeland,
help us to live as one,
Strong in freedom, truth and justice,
let this be our song:

Gibraltar, Gibraltar,
the rock on which I stand,
May you be forever free,
Gibraltar! Gibraltar! My own land.
</poem>

Hot Shots!

Hot Shots! is a 1991 American comedy film directed by Jim Abrahams, co-writer and co-director of "Airplane!", and written by Abrahams and Pat Proft. It stars Charlie Sheen, Cary Elwes, Valeria Golino, Lloyd Bridges, Jon Cryer, Kevin Dunn, Kristy Swanson, and Bill Irwin. The film is primarily a parody of "Top Gun", with some scenes spoofing other popular films, including "9½ Weeks", "The Fabulous Baker Boys", "Dances with Wolves", "Marathon Man", "Rocky", "Superman", and "Gone with the Wind".

A sequel, "Hot Shots! Part Deux", was released in 1993, with Sheen, Golino, Bridges and Haleva reprising their roles.


Justice League International

Justice League International (or JLI for short) is a DC Comics superhero team written by Keith Giffen and J. M. DeMatteis, with art by Kevin Maguire, created in 1987.

The initial cast (Batman, Martian Manhunter, Guy Gardner, Blue Beetle, Black Canary, Doctor Fate, Captain Marvel, Mister Miracle and his sidekick Oberon) got new members afterwards, such as Booster Gold or Fire and Ice (from the Global Guardians, a Multinational Team that the United Nations disbanded to form the JLI). They got a related series, "Justice League Europe" (JLE), with Captain Atom, Power Girl, Metamorpho, the Flash, Elongated Man and his wife Sue, Rocket Red, and Animal Man. All teams were managed by Maxwell Lord, a crooked but ultimately good-hearted man.

Mister Miracle

Mister Miracle is the name of three fictional characters appearing in the DC Comics universe. The character was created by Jack Kirby as part of his "Fourth World" epic saga. He first appeared in "Mister Miracle" #1. (1971) The three characters who have been Mister Miracle are Thaddeus Brown, Scott Free, and Shilo Norman.

He was an extraordinary circus escape artist, and the first person to take up the name of the character. He worked with an assistant, Oberon, and mentored the young Shilo Norman, who would later become the third person to take up the "Miracle" guise. Most notably, shortly before his own death at the hands of an Intergang operative, Brown also mentored New God Scott Free. Scott Free was inspired to take up Brown's stage name to avenge his death, and became the very first "crimefighter" known as Mister Miracle. After avenging his death, Scott Free hired Oberon and took up Brown's business to carry on his name.

He is the god of escape in the New Gods mythology. A Genesisian raised on Apokolips, he defected with his lover Big Barda to Earth, where he used the skills he learned in escapology both as a performance artist and in the Justice League of America.

He is a young African-American man who studied escapology underneath Brown as his ward from an early age.

Sexyy Red

Sexyy Red is an American rapper from St. Louis.

4th millennium

The fourth millennium AD is a period in history from the 31st to the 40th century. It is a time period that is yet to be experienced, and therefore, difficult to predict what it will be like. However, there are numerous fictional depictions of the fourth millennium AD in various media. The opening is on January 1, 3001 and the closing on December 31, 4000.

Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Saudi Arabia)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MoFA; Arabic: وزارة الخارجية Wizārat al-Khārijīyah) is the ministry responsible for handling the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's Foreign affairs. It was created in 1930 by a royal decree issued by King Abdulaziz Al Saud. King Abdulaziz appointed his son, Prince Faisal, as the first foreign minister of Saudi Arabia.
The following is the list of foreign ministers since its foundation:


Wyatt's rebellion

Wyatt's Rebellion in early 1554 was an unsuccessful uprising in England led by Sir Thomas Wyatt and three others. 

It emerged due to concerns about Queen Mary I's plans to marry Philip II of Spain and return England to Roman Catholicism. The rebellion failed, resulting in various consequences for the rebels, ranging from death to forgiveness. Causes of the rebellion were both political and religious, with differing opinions on the primary motivations of the conspirators. Political concerns included worries about a foreign marriage and potential interference in English affairs. Religious factors involved opposition to Mary's Roman Catholicism and fears of a return to papal authority. Mary's marriage to Philip was a focal point of the rebellion, as it raised concerns about England becoming a mere province of the Habsburg Empire. The fear of Spanish influence, coupled with the memories of the Spanish Inquisition's cruelty, fuelled opposition among the landed gentry and parliamentary classes. France also opposed the alliance between England and Spain, leading to threats of war and anti-Spanish sentiments in London. Mary's strong commitment to Roman Catholicism and her efforts to restore papal authority further fuelled discontent among Protestants. The rebellion served as an outlet for lower-class frustrations, allowing yeomen, husbandmen, and urban workers to express social and economic grievances. The key insurgents were Sir Thomas Wyatt, Sir James Croft, Sir Peter Carew, and Henry Grey, Duke of Suffolk. Wyatt, despite initially supporting Mary, opposed her marriage to Philip and expressed concerns about foreign influence and the establishment of Roman Catholicism. Other conspirators had diverse motivations, including political considerations, religious beliefs, and fears for their careers. The rebellion's plan involved raising forces in different counties to converge on London, replacing Mary with her half-sister Elizabeth, who would then marry Edward Courtenay. The rebellion faced early challenges, with some participants, like Sir Peter Carew, fleeing to France. The plan also included a questionable element involving a girl named Elizabeth Croft pretending to be a spirit denouncing Mary and Philip. Rumours of the rebellion spread, and key conspirators, such as Carew and Courtenay, were arrested. The rebellion started prematurely, and its leaders faced challenges and betrayals. Sir Thomas Wyatt persevered initially, but the uprising ultimately failed as Mary gained support, and key rebels were arrested or surrendered. The rebellion's aftermath included the imprisonment, execution, or pardon of the participants. Wyatt and other leaders were captured, and the rebellion marked a significant event in the complex interplay between religion and politics in 16th-century England.

Gausdal

Gausdal is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway.


Lesja

Lesja is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway.


Os, Innlandet

Os is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 1,855 people lived there.


Rendalen

Rendalen is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 1,722 people lived there.


Stor-Elvdal

Stor-Elvdal is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 2,318 people lived there.


Tolga, Norway

Tolga is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 1,551 people lived there.


Tynset

Tynset is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 5,581 people lived there.


Åmot

Åmot is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 4,195 people lived there.


Brightwater

Brightwater is an agricultural town in the Tasman District, South Island. It is 20 kilometers southwest of Nelson on State Highway 6 and is on the banks of Wairoa River. It has a primary school and is the birthplace of Sir Ernest Rutherford.

Nord-Fron

Nord-Fron is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 5,628 people lived there.


Ringebu

Ringebu is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 4,385 people lived there.


Bremanger

Bremanger is a municipality in Vestland county, Norway. In 2022, 3,521 people lived there.


Bygland

Bygland is a municipality in Agder county, Norway. In 2022, 1,134 people lived there.


Nordre Land

Nordre Land is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 6,577 people lived there.


Søndre Land

Søndre Land is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 5,535 people lived there.


Vestre Toten

Vestre Toten is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 13,572 people lived there.


Østre Toten

Østre Toten is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 14,827 people lived there.


Gjøvik

Gjøvik is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 30,267 people lived there.


Gran, Norway

Gran is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 13,633 people lived there.


Gold on the Ceiling

"Gold on the Ceiling" is a 2012 song by The Black Keys and is the third single from their seventh studio album "El Camino". It went to number 57 in the United Kingdom, number 54 in Scotland, number 94 in the United States, number 51 in Canada, number 45 in Ireland and number 34 in Australia.

Sør-Fron

Sør-Fron is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 3,064 people lived there.


Vågå

Vågå is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 3,591 people lived there.


Rozz Dyliams

Dylan Zachariah Ross (born January 24, 1991), known professionally as Rozz Dyliams is an American music artist and producer who began making music in 2010. He has released solo work and collaborated with musical groups under various names including "Rozz Dyliams" and now "Disciple Zachariah." His music is considered influential in the cloud rap genre, notably having inspired Lil Peep.

In 2015, Ross produced the song "Ghost Boy" featuring Lil Peep prior to Peep's death. In the same year, Ross was wrote and recorded the song "Handzum Suicide" with Suicideboys. In May 2022, the Peep estate released an archive featuring a statement calling Dylan Ross one of Lil Peep's favorite artists, and described Rozz Dyliams music as inspiring Peep.











































Dylan Ross is originally from Ohio, and as of 2018, lived in Seattle, Washington.

Rozz Dyliams - Genius

Rozz Dyliams - Spotify

Rozz Dyliams - SoundCloud

Luke Hemsworth

Luke Hemsworth (born November 5, 1980) is an Australian actor.

Tim Draxl

Tim Draxl (born October 8, 1981) is an Australian actor.

Cameron Daddo

Cameron Peter Daddo (born March 7, 1965) is an Australian actor.

Anna McGahan

Anna McGahan (born May 2, 1988) is an Australian actress.

ESPN Classic

ESPN Classic was an American multinational pay television network. It owned by |ESPN Inc., a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company and Hearst Communications. It was originally launched as the Classic Sports Network in 1995. The channel ceased operations on December 31, 2021.

G4 (American TV network)

G4 was an American pay television and digital network. It was owned by NBCUniversal. It primarily focused on live music, game shows, late night anime, news, and reality TV. It was launched on April 24, 2002, under the ownership of Comcast. It was shut down on New Year's Eve 2014. It was relaunched in 2021, but shut down again in 2022. 

James Frecheville

James Frecheville (born April 14, 1991) is an Australian actor.

Teià

Teià is a municipality in the Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Teagan Croft

Teagan Croft (born April 23, 2004) is an Australian child actress.

Bebe Bettencourt

Bebe Bettencourt (born February 2, 1996) is an Australian actress.

Boliney

Boliney is a municipalty in Abra, the Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 4551 people lived here.

Lacrouzette

Lacrouzette is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lagardiolle

Lagardiolle is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lagarrigue, Tarn

Lagarrigue is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lagrave

Lagrave is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lamillarié

Lamillarié is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lancey Foux

Lance O. Omal (born 30 November 1995) who is professionally known as Lancey Foux is a British musician from the district of Stratford in East London, England.

He was born in London to Ugandan parents and is in a relationship with Leomie Anderson. His career took off in 2015 rapping to beats on YouTube then released his debut album, "Pink". In 2018 he released the prequel to his first album, "Pink II" which had features such as Skepta on the track, "Dyed 2wice". He later teamed up with Skepta for the "SK Level Europe tour".

After performing at "Rolling Loud" festival he modelled for Naomi Campbell’s 2019 "Fashion for Relief Gala" in the following year he released his fifth album, "Friend or Foux" under the record label Universal Music. In 2021 Lancey released two mixtapes titled, "First Degree" and "Live.Evil" under Universal Music and in 2023 Lancey did a UK tour for his EP, "BACK2DATRAP"

Matt Nable

Matthew "Matt" Nable (born March 8, 1972) is an Australian actor.

Stepove

Stepove can be these settlements in Ukraine






AXS TV

AXS TV is an American cable television channel. It is majority-owned by Anthem Sports & Entertainment. it is devoted primarily to music-related programming and combat sports – including boxing, mixed martial arts and professional wrestling. It was established in 2001 as HDNet.

Baidu

Baidu, Inc. ( ; , meaning "hundred times") is a Chinese technology company. They offer services like their Internet search engine, which is similar to that of Google, maps, anti-virus softwares, and an online encyclopedia. 

Since Google is not available in China because of Chinese regulations, Baidu's search engine became popular among Chinese Internet users. Google is only available in Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macau. 

Baidu's competitors are Google Hong Kong, Yahoo! China, Microsoft Bing, and other local search engines.

The name "Baidu" comes from Mandarin 百 (which means "100") and 度 (which means "times"). The literal meaning is 100 times.

Baidu was made in 2000 by Robert Li and Eric Xu. It is headquartered in Beijing. It was the first Chinese company to be in the Nasdaq-100 index in 2007.

Android Honeycomb

Android Honeycomb is the codename for the 3rd major Android version, it was made for devices with large screens such as tablets but was unofficially ported to the Nexus One. It is the 8th Android version and is not supported anymore.

Kashe Quest

Kashe Quest (born June 22, 2018) is an American child genius. She joined Mensa International at the age of 2, the youngest person to do so.

Death by misadventure

In the United Kingdom, death by misadventure is the recorded manner of death (verdict) for an accidental death caused by a risk taken voluntarily.

Misadventure in English law, as recorded by coroners and on death certificates and associated documents, is a death that is primarily attributed to an accident that occurred due to a risk that was taken voluntarily. In contrast, when the manner of death is given as an accident, the coroner has determined that the decedent had taken no unreasonable willful risk."Misadventure may be the right conclusion when a death arises from some deliberate human act which unexpectedly and unintentionally goes wrong."Legally defined "manner of death": a way by which an actual "cause of death" (trauma, exposure, etc.) was allowed to occur. For example, a death caused by an illicit drug overdose may be ruled a death by misadventure, as the user took the risk of drug usage voluntarily. Misadventure is a form of unnatural death, a category that also includes accidental death, suicide, and homicide.

In the case of "R v Wolverhampton Coroner", it was held that the coroner must establish death by misadventure on the balance of probabilities or commonly known as "more likely than not". This is opposed to beyond reasonable doubt, which is used elsewhere.

Hero Alom

Ahsraful Alom who is also known as Hero Alom is a Bangladeshi producer, personality, actor, singer and politician in congress known for his most famous song Babu Khasiso. He made his debut in 2017 action film Mar Chokka. His YouTube channel has over 1.7 million subscribers.

The videos that he makes have funny and unusual acts like singing out of tune. These videos have made him a target of online trolling and the subject of memes in Bangladesh and other South Asian countries. He also has many popular songs like Babu Khaiso, Palalo Palalo Murad Hasan,Muqabla and Moye Moye he actully sings trendings songs in a funny manner and is a really good entertainer.

Anadi Charan Sahu

Anadi Charan Sahu (16 April 1940 – 20 January 2024) was an Indian politician from Bharatiya Janata Party. He was also a retired I.P.S. Officer.

Sahu died at his home in Cuttack, Odisha, on 20 January 2024, at the age of 83 due to age related health issues.

Matadepera

Matadepera is a municipality in the Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 25.29 km² and a population of 9,672 people.

Sun-Maid

Sun-Maid is an American farmer-owned cooperative of raisin growers. It is headquartered in Fresno, California. It is one of the largest raisin and dried fruit processors in the world. It was founded in 1912. It also sources dried fruit beyond this geographical area.

Kabillion

Kabillion is a children's video-on-demand service. It is owned by Splash Entertainment. It was launched on January 7, 2007. It is available both as a free VOD channel currently available on digital cable systems across the United States, and as an OTT Network.

Glencoe (Scotland)

Glencoe, also known as Gleanna Comhann or A' Chàrnaich in Scottish Gaelic, is a town situated in the west of Scotland at the mouth of the River Coe into Loch Leven, near Invercoe. It is located in the northwest of the valley named Glencoe. In terms of local politics, Glencoe belongs to the county of Argyll in the Highland administrative region.

Historically part of Lochaber, the village is now referred to as Glencoe Village to distinguish it from the Glen Coe valley. It is close to the site of the Glencoe massacre in the 1690s, where members of the MacDonalds and Henderson clans were ordered to be killed by King William III under the leadership of Robert Campbell of Glenlyon.

While Glencoe is not in the valley itself, it is on an area called Carnoch. Linguistically, the locals refer to the village as A'Chàrnaich, meaning "Square of the Cairns" in Scottish Gaelic. Originally founded on the north bank of the Coe in 1850, the village has shifted to the south bank near the river bridge. Glencoe has Saint Mary's Church and a small museum, with the village being dominated by the prominent summit of the Pap of Glencoe.

Known for its skiing and hiking opportunities, Glencoe attracts tourists who are also drawn to the nearby valley with its historical significance and the high ridges of the Aonach Eagach. The village includes a memorial commemorating the Glencoe massacre.

Boadilla del Monte

Boadilla del Monte is a municipality in the Community of Madrid in Spain. In 2021, 59,000 people lived there.

Symon Petliura

Symon Petliura (1879–1926) was a Ukrainian politician. He was the leader of the Ukrainian People's Republic and Commander-in-Chief of the Ukrainian People's Army (UPA) during the Russian Civil War.

Petliura was born into a Cossack family in Poltava. He became involved in socialist and nationalist politics at a young age. After the Russian Revolution of 1917, Petliura was elected as head of the Ukrainian military. When Ukraine was invaded by the German Empire, Petliura organised a resistance movement. He established a new Ukrainian government in 1919. The Red Army then invaded Ukraine and Petliura retreated west. He formed an alliance with the Polish leader Józef Piłsudski. Poland won the Polish–Soviet War but Ukraine was kept by the Bolsheviks.

Petliura went into exile, first in Poland, then in France. There he was assassinated by Sholem Schwarzbard, who held him responsible for pogroms in Ukraine.

Vihti

Vihti is a municipality in Uusimaa, Finland. It is about northwest of the capital city Helsinki. As of 30 September 2023, 28,866 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Espoo, Hyvinkää, Karkkila, Kirkkonummi, Lohja, Loppi, Nurmijärvi and Siuntio. It was founded in 1867.


Lapinjärvi

Lapinjärvi () is a municipality in Uusimaa, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 2,465 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Iitti, Kouvola, Loviisa, Myrskylä and Orimattila.

The lake Lapinjärvi is in the municipality.

The municipality speaks both Finnish and Swedish.


Rautjärvi

Rautjärvi is a municipality in South Karelia, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 3,047 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Parikkala and Ruokolahti. It is on the eastern border with Russia. The administrative center is Simpele.


Nykyfor Hryhoriv

Nykyfor Hryhoriv (1884–1919) was a Ukrainian military leader. He was known for switching sides many times during the Russian Civil War.

Hryhoriv fought for the Russian Empire in the Russo-Japanese War and World War I. After the Russian Revolution, he joined the army of the Ukrainian People's Republic. He then defected to the Red Army, after it invaded Ukraine. He fought the White Army and Entente in southern Ukraine. In May 1919, he rebelled against the Red Army. He then tried to make an alliance with Nestor Makhno. But Makhno had him shot after he tried to ally them with the White Army.

Bodaybo

Bodaybo () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 15,340 people lived there.

Cheremkhovo

Cheremkhovo () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 52,647 people lived there.

Pir Sayyid Muhammad Rashid Shah Rozay Dhani

Imam-ūl-Arfīn Sayyid Muhammad Rashid Shah Roze Dhani (Sindhi: پير سيد حضرت محمد راشد روضي ڌڻي,(19 May 1757 – 5 June 1818) was an 18th-century spiritual leader, eminent Islamic scholar, and Sufi saint from Sindh, Pakistan, He founded the Rashidi Sufi order, addressing challenges while emphasizing the importance of following Shari'ah principles. Known as Roze Dhani, and is considered a 37st-generation direct descendant of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, actively promoting the Tarīqat and Shari'ah system. His disciplined teachings and efforts had a profound impact on Sindh, Punjab, Balochistan, Rajasthan, Gujarat,and many other areas in the subcontinent.

Pir Mohammad Rashid Roza Dhani, born on May 19, 1757, in Rahim Dina Kalhoro village, Khairpur Mirs district, was the younger son of Sayyid Muhammad Baqa Shah Lakiyārī Al-Husayni

After his father passed away, he started his mission at the age of twenty-seven, working on spreading his teachings for thirty-six years. He had around eleven hundred caliphs, with five hundred holding important roles who were in charge of different areas in the region,

Imam-ūl-Arfīn Pir Muhammad Rashid Rozay Dhani played a significant role in giving new ability to the Sufi tradition, particularly within the Qadiriya chain, which had experienced a period of stagnation. He focused on restoring the teachings of the early saints that had been forgotten over time. Through dedicated efforts, he implemented a system of reform and training inspired by Sheikh Abdul Qadir Gilani, the founder of the Qadiriya Sufi order, emphasizing the importance of adhering to the Shari'ah for spiritual development.

Imam-ūl-Arfīn Pir Muhammad Rashid emphasized the integration of Shari'ah and Tarīqat, considering them inseparable rather than distinct entities. His teachings aimed to purify Sufism from innovations and align it with the principles outlined in the Qur'an and Sunnah. He rejected the notion that Shari'ah and Tarīqat were contradictory and asserted that adherence to the pure Shari'ah was essential for those on the path of Tarīqat.

In his perspective, Shari'ah, representing outward actions, took precedence over Haqīqah and Marifat, which focused on inner states. He highlighted the interdependence of Shari'ah and Tarīqat, likening their relationship to that of the body and soul. Imam-ūl-Arfīn, critiqued individuals who neglected Shari'ah, considering them misguided, and emphasized that true adherence to the path of Tarīqat involved obedience to the pure Shari'ah.

His efforts aimed at aligning Sufism with Shari'ah and testing Tarīqat based on its compatibility with Shari'ah principles. Throughout his sermons and writings, he countered misconceptions within Sufism, striving to bring about a reorganization of the entire Sufi system,

BYU TV

BYU TV is a television channel. It is owned by Brigham Young University. It was founded in 2000. The channel is available through cable and satellite distributors in the United States. It produces a number of original series and documentaries with emphases in comedy, history, lifestyle, music and drama.

Highway to Heaven

Highway to Heaven is an American fantasy drama television series. The series ran on NBC from September 19, 1984, to August 4, 1989. It starred Michael Landon as Jonathan Smith, an angel sent to Earth in order to help people in need. 

Calgary Wranglers

The Calgary Wranglers are a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2022. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Calgary, Alberta at the Scotiabank Saddledome. They are the AHL affiliate for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Rapid City Rush.

The team originally played in Stockton, California as the Stockton Heat from 2015 to 2022. During the 2020–21 season, the Heat would play in the newly created Canadian Division, which was made because of border restrictions during the COVID-19 pandemic. The Heat played in the division because they were the affiliate of the Calgary Flames.

On May 23, 2022, the Flames announced that the Heat would stop playing in Stockton and would move to Calgary, Alberta. The team name Wranglers was chosen to honour a former team played as the Calgary Wranglers in the Western Hockey League (WHL) from 1977 until 1987.

On October 16, 2022, the team would play their first game as the Calgary Wranglers. They would be defeated by the Coachella Valley Firebirds 6–5. This was also the Firebirds first game.

In the 2022–23 season, the Wranglers would finish the season leading the Pacific Division in points. They would make it to the Pacific Division finals but would lose to the Coachella Valley Firebirds three games to two.

Clickbait

Very often, there are links on World Wide Web that are there to attract attention. The idea is to make the user click on the link and access the content behind it. Very often these links are then deceptive, sensationalized, dishonest or otherwise misleading. This is known as clickbait. Usually, there is a teaser. This teaser provides just enough information to make people want to click on the link, but not enough to satisfy their curiosity. Clickbait headlines often add an element of dishonesty, using enticements that do not accurately reflect the content being delivered.
The "-bait" suffix makes an analogy with fishing, where a hook is disguised by an enticement (bait), presenting the impression to the fish that it is a desirable thing to swallow.

Before the Internet, there was a marketing practice known as bait-and-switch. It used similar dishonest methods to hook customers. In extreme degree, like bait-and-switch, clickbait is a form of fraud. ("Click fraud", however, is a separate form of online misrepresentation which uses a more extreme disconnect between what is being presented in the frontside of the link versus what is on the click-through side of the link, also encompassing malicious code.) The term "clickbait" does not cover for all cases where the user arrives at a destination that is not anticipated from the link that is clicked.

Usually, the content behind a clickbait are simillar to simple lists (so called listicles). This is very low-class journalism. The idea behind a clickbait is to make more users access certain websites.

Sundance TV

Sundance TV is an American pay television channel. It is owned by AMC Networks. It was launched on February 1, 1996. It was devoted to airing documentaries, independent feature films, short films, world cinema, and coverage on the latest developments from each year's Sundance Film Festival. It has since incorporated both original and acquired programming and became fully ad-supported in 2013, with programming being edited for content soon thereafter.

Billy Bevan

Billy Bevan (September 29, 1887-November 26, 1957) is an Australian silent movie actor and Comedian from the Mack Sennett Studios.
He died at the age of 70.

Coachella Valley Firebirds

The Coachella Valley Firebirds are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2022. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Thousand Palms, California at the Acrisure Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Seattle Kraken of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Kansas City Mavericks.

Before the team was created, the Seattle Kraken joined the National Hockey League (NHL). When they joined, the decided to try and look for an affiliate in the American Hockey League (AHL). Owners of the Kraken were deciding between promoting the ECHL's Idaho Steelheads to the AHL or creating an entirely new team. On June 26, 2019, they decided to create a new team in the Coachella Valley. The Kraken would briefly share the Charlotte Checkers with the Florida Panthers while the arena was built in Palm Springs.

On October 16, 2022, the team would play their first game as the Coachella Valley Firebirds. They would defeat the Calgary Wranglers 6–5. It was also the Wranglers first game in the league.

In the 2022–23 season, the Firebirds would finish the season second in the Pacific Division in points. They would make it all the way to the Calder Cup finals but would lose to the Hershey Bears four games to three.

Speed (TV network)

Speed was an American sports-oriented cable and satellite television network. It was owned by the Fox Sports Media Group division of 21st Century Fox. It was launched in 1995. It ceased operations on August 17, 2013. The network aired motorsports programming, including auto racing, as well as automotive-focused programs.

Philautus refugii

The Lanjak bush frog ("Philautus refugii") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it in two places, one 840 meters above sea level and one between 900 and 1490 meters above sea level.

This frog is in some danger of dying out because human beings change the places where it lives to get wood to build with and make farms to grow palm oil.

The adult male frog is about 18-22 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female is about 18-20 mm long. People have seen this frog sitting on shrub plants. Male frogs sit about 2 meters above the ground and sing to the female frogs. This frog hatches out of its egg as a small frog and never swims as a tadpole.

Yes, And?

"Yes, And?" (written in lowercase) is a song recorded by American singer Ariana Grande as the lead single from her upcoming seventh studio album, "Eternal Sunshine" (2024). It was released on January 12, 2024. The song is Grande's first solo release in over three years, although she was featured on remixes of The Weeknd's "Save Your Tears" (2021) and "Die for You" (2023), both of which topped the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

"Yes, And?" was compared to Madonna's "Vogue" (1990). Grande wrote and produced the song with Max Martin and Ilya Salmanzadeh.

The song is about overcoming rumors and gossip. It arrived after media stories of Grande's relationship with her costar of the "Wicked" musical, Ethan Slater, and Slater's divorce. 

The video for the song is a tribute to singer Paula Abdul's music video for the song "Cold Hearted" (1989), featuring similar outfits and a similar scene of a meeting in a rehearsal hall.

On January 22, 2024, it was reported that the song entered at number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, marking Grande's eighth US number-one hit. It was also her sixth number-one debut, tying Taylor Swift for the most number-one entrances by women.

Bowls

Bowls is a sport. It is also known as lawn bowls or lawn bowling. Players try to roll their ball (called a bowl) closest to a smaller ball (known as a jack). The bowls are heavier on one side so that they turn when being rolled. The game is played either in teams or one against one. 

The game was first played in the 13th century. The game is played on grass, although other surfaces are sometimes used. Matches are held either until one player gets to a score, or when an amount of "ends" are played.

The game of bowls started in 3200 BC in Ancient Egypt. It was a type of boules. Writings of that time include an image showing a historic game of bowls. It was played in England from the 13th century onwards. Both Edward III and Richard II banned the game. They wanted England to practice archery instead. The ban was lifted in 1845. The game was played unofficially before this. The invention of the lawn mower in 1830 helped the game spread. The game became popular in Scotland in the 19th century. The Scots set standard rules and played on flat surfaces. In the 1960s, the sport came to New Zealand.

The world's oldest surviving bowling green is the Southampton Old Bowling Green, which was first used in 1299. Lawn bowls is a core sport in the Commonwealth Games. It has been played in every edition of the Games. In the past the game had a strict dress code, especially for women. Their clothes had to be of a set length and colour. Now, dress code is more relaxed. 

There are bowls events held every year. The biggest is the . The World Bowls Championship was first held in 1966. A has been held yearly from 1979.

The game has very little equipment apart from the playing surface. It has a small ball called a "jack". The jack is the target to throw at. The jack can be white or yellow. The players roll larger balls (known as "bowls" or "woods") at the jack. The bowls were historically black or brown. Recently, these can be in any colour. At the end of the area where the game is being played is a small channel called the "ditch". There is also a rectangular carpet called a "mat". The person playing has to stand on the mat.

The game can be played on different surfaces, but mostly on grass (or in New Zealand). Other ways to play include on an indoor artificial grass or a moveable carpet. The length of the area a game is played on is 44 yards, and no wider than 5.2 meters.

The player has to stand on the mat. Teams of up to four players compete. The players are named by what position they are in order. The first player is the "lead". The next two are "second" and "third". The last player is called a "skip". The skip usually starts at the other end of the area until their turn to play. The bowls are heavier on one side. The heavier side is known as the "bias". When rolled forward, the bowl will turn left or right towards the bias.

Players of opposing teams take turns to throw their bowls. Each team gets an amount of bowls, from four for singles matches to eight for teams of four. The game can be played as a race to a score (usually 21 or 11), or over a certain amount of ends. An end is over when both teams have played all of their shots. When an end is finished, the bowl that is closest to the jack scores a point. If their team has the next closest, they score another point. A team scores as many points as bowls they have closer than their opponents closest bowl.

At the start of an end, the team's first player (known as a lead) throws the jack. Then, plays their first bowl towards the jack. The two teams take turns to throw. Bowls that go into the ditch are removed. However, bowls that hit the jack are marked with chalk. They are allowed to stay in the ditch.

Lawn bowls is played on rectangle area of grass. When played in a square area, it is called crown green bowls. In crown green, the playing surface is not always flat. It also does not have a set size for the playing area. Indoor spaces have artificial playing areas (sometimes known as "carpet bowls").

A version played on a rollable carpet is known as short mat bowls. Short mat is played on a much smaller carpet. The jack is placed rather than rolled. It also has a piece of wood in the middle to prevent powerful shots.

A version played on a slope is called "tra bowls". The surface is higher on the edges than the middle. There is no jack, but a drawn target on the floor. This game is played in Belgium.


Taylor Ann Green

Taylor Ann Green (born April 19, 1994) is an American television personality. She is best known as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm".

Taylor Ann Green was born in Asheville, North Carolina on October 19, 1994, as the youngest of three children to Richard Green and Leslie Green (née Dark). She has an elder sister.

Green made her television debut on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" as a "friend of" for the seventh season. The seventh season was launched on October 29, 2020. She was upgraded to the main cast from the eighth season. The eighth season was launched on June 22, 2022.

Green was in a relationship with Shep Rose between March 2020 and July 2022.

On June 14, 2023, it was reported by "People" magazine that Green's elder brother, Richard Worthington "Worth" Green, died on June 8, six days after his 36th birthday.

Despised Icon

Despised Icon is an Canadian deathcore band formed in 2002.


Country Club (song)

"Country Club" is a 1989 debut single by country singer Travis Tritt and is the title track to his debut studio album "Country Club". It went to number 9 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 22 on the Canadian Country Tracks charts.

Fuse (TV channel)

Peuins is an peuins pay telepeuins channel. It is owned by pee Media, LLC. . It was formerly known as socksMusic USA, a localized version of the Canadian socks channel socks, and was dedicated to more peuins-based peunisrogramming; the channel peebranded under 

Prenton Park

Prenton Park is the football stadium of Tranmere Rovers . It is located in Prenton Wirral.

In Guezzam Province

In Guezzam is a province of Algeria. It is in the far south, on the border with Niger. Very few people live there. Like with other provinces, the capital of the province has the same name as the province. There are two communes in the province, In Guezzam, and Tin Zaouatine. The Algier-Lagos-Highway runs through the province.

January 2024 al-Asad Airbase attack

On 20 January 2024, the Al-Asad Airbase in Iraq was attacked by the Islamic Resistance in Iraq. This attack was part of the United States–Iran proxy war and is a regional escalation of Israel–Hamas war. The attack resulted in one Iraqi soldier and multiple U.S. soldiers being injured. The attack also caused damage to the Al-Asad Airbase.

The Islamic Resistance in Iraq (IRI) are backed and supported by Iran. In October 2023, the Red Sea Crisis began between the Houthi movement and the United States. The crisis was a regional escalation of the Israel–Hamas war. During the war, the IRI supported Hamas and the United States supported Israel. This led to the IRI attacking the United States military in the Middle East. The Al-Asad Airbase is a joint military base with the Iraqi military and the United States military.

At 6:30 p.m. Baghdad time, the IRI launched multiple ballistic missiles and other rockets at the Al-Asad Airbase. The United States military attempted to defend the base with Patriot missiles. More than 15 MIM-104 Patriot missiles were launched to defend the base. Some of the missiles and rockets hit the base. At least one Iraqi soldier was injured in the attack. Multiple U.S. soldiers were injured in the attack as well. Damage also occurred to the military base.


Pherecydes of Leros

Pherecydes of Leros () was an ancient Greek historian from the Aegean island of Leros. He lived during the 5th century BCE and wrote three texts: "On Leros" ("Περὶ Λέρου"), "On Iphigenia" ("Περὶ Ἰφιγενείας"), and "On the Festivals of Dionysus" ("Περὶ τῶν Διονύσου ἑορτῶν"). Pherecydes of Leros is maybe the same person as Pherecydes of Athens even though the "Suda" treats them as separate individuals.


Nova Corps

The Nova Corps is a military and exploration force of the planet Xandar consisting of 500 Xandarian soldiers and led by Centurion Nova Prime. They appear in comic books published by Marvel Comics, and related media. They have since appeared in numerous other Marvel stories set in outer space, and media adaptations, such as the animated TV series "The Super Hero Squad Show" and the 2014 movie "Guardians of the Galaxy".

Abbeville (disambiguation)

Abbeville is a city in northern France.

Abbeville is also the name of some other places:




Bounty Islands

The Bounty Islands is a group of islands in the South Pacific Ocean. The islands are very small, the biggest one is just in size. They whole group is about across. In total, there are 22 islands and islets. The islands are uninhabited. Politically, they are part of New Zealand. William Bligh discovered the islands in 1788, and named them after his ship, Bounty. The islands are about southeast of Christchurch.

Antipodes Islands

Antipodes Islands is a group of islands in the South Pacific Ocean. The group is uninhabited. Politically, the islands belong to New Zealand. They are about southeast of Stewart Island. The group is made of Antipodes Island, Bollons Island, and a few smaller islands.

Henry Waterhouse, the captain of HMS Reliance, discovered them on 14th March 1800. He called them Penantipodes, at first, because he believed that they are at an antipodal position to the city of London. In reality, the antipodal position is near Cherbourg, in France.

People tried to breed cattle on the island, but this didn't work because of the harsh climate. Seals were hunted on the islands. In 1893, the ship "Spirit of Dawn" sank near the island, and the survivors spent three months on the island. 

Today, they are one of two places on the planet were Erect-crested penguins breed, the other place are the Bounty Islands. In 2024, about 150,000 pairs of these penguins breed on the islands. There are also about 50,000 pairs of Southern rockhopper penguin breeding there. The Antipodes parakeet and the Red-crowned parakeet are endemic to these islands. Other larger animals found on the islands are the Snowy albatross, and elephant seals.

Campbell Islands

Campbell Islands is a group of islands, about south of Stewart Island. They have an area of roughly . One big island, called Campbell Island makes up of this. There are also several smaller islets.

Jennifer Cody

Jennifer Cody (born November 10, 1969) is an American actress and dancer.

Ernest Dowson

Ernest Dowson was a poet whose uncle Alfred Domett was Prime Minister of New Zealand. Dowson wrote the poem which inspired Margaret Mitchell to write Gone with the Wind.

Alfred Domett

Alfred Domett (20 May 1811 – 2 November 1887) was an English politician. He was the fourth Prime Minister of New Zealand from 1862 to 1863.

Loki (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

Loki Laufeyson, also known by adoption as Loki Odinson and by his title as the God of Mischief, is a character portrayed by Tom Hiddleston in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) media franchise. Based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name and the Norse mythological deity of the same name, Loki was introduced in the movie "Thor" (2011) and has since become a recurring staple in the MCU. As of 2023, the character has appeared in seven films and headlined the live-action series "Loki" (2021), while alternate timeline versions, or "variants", of Loki from within the multiverse have also appeared in "Loki", the animated series "What If...?" (2021) and the animated short movie "The Good, the Bart, and the Loki" (2021).

He was the biological son of Laufey, King of the Frost Giants, who was abandoned and left to die shortly after his birth. Found by Odin, Loki was taken to Asgard and raised by him and Frigga as an Asgardian prince, along with Thor, becoming the Asgardian God of Mischief. When Thor was to be crowned King, Loki had sabotaged the coronation by letting the Frost Giants attack Asgard, thus leading Thor to seek vengeance on Jotunheim, which resulted in Thor's banishment to Earth and Loki finding out the truth about his heritage. Frigga gave Loki the throne when Odin had fallen into the Odinsleep; however, when the Warriors Three and Sif attempted to return Thor home, Loki was forced to try to stop them. Regardless, Thor returned from his exile on Earth and ended Loki's reign, thwarting his attempt to declare war on the Nine Realms with Jotunheim's destruction. With Odin disapproving of his actions, Loki allowed himself to fall through the deep abyss of space, entering a wormhole created by the sudden termination of the Bifrost Bridge.

Transported by the wormhole to Sanctuary, Loki encountered The Other who offered to serve under Thanos' command and gave him the Scepter. Loki was given command over the Chitauri army in order to conquer Earth, under the provision that Loki acquires the Tesseract for Thanos. Once he came to Earth, Loki managed to take possession of the Tesseract and used its power to open a wormhole above New York City and caused the Chitauri Invasion, but all of Loki's schemes were ultimately defeated by the Avengers. Thor returned him to Asgard as his prisoner, where Odin condemned him to spend the rest of his life in the Asgardian Dungeons as punishment for his crimes.

However, when Frigga was killed during the Sacking of Asgard, Loki was freed by Thor in order to defeat the Dark Elves led by Malekith who desired to use the power of the Aether to transform the universe into eternal darkness. During the fight against the Dark Elves in Svartalfheim, Loki faked his death, and, unbeknownst to everyone in the Kingdom, returned to Asgard and successfully removed Odin from the throne, taking his place as King where he remained for several years. During his reign, Loki continued to rule Asgard by sending Sif on missions to Earth to investigate the attacks of Lorelei and Vin-Tak.

Eventually, the return of Thor forced Loki to reveal his deception as the pair journeyed together to find Odin, arriving just in time to witness Odin's death. The loss of Odin allowed Hela, Odin's firstborn, to return from banishment and wage war against the Nine Realms. Loki found himself stranded at Sakaar along with Thor where Loki allied himself with the Grandmaster while Thor was forced to battle against Hulk. Despite trying to manipulate his way to freedom, Loki chose to side with Thor and the Revengers in a final battle against Hela, in which Loki summoned Surtur, who defeated Hela by causing Ragnarök and destroying all of Asgard.

During his final moments on Asgard, Loki took the Tesseract from Odin's Vault and in the wake of the Destruction of Asgard, chose to stay by his brother's side and support his ascension onto the throne. Consequences of his deal with Thanos would soon come back to haunt Loki, however, as the Mad Titan and his Black Order intercepted the Asgardians as they were making their way towards Earth. In the chaos that followed, Loki attempted to kill Thanos but ultimately failed. When Loki taunted Thanos by telling him that he would never be a god, the Mad Titan snapped his neck, finally killing the God of Mischief.

Peter Quill (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

Peter Jason Quill is a fictional character portrayed primarily by Chris Pratt in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) media franchise, based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name. He is a Celestial-Human hybrid who was abducted from Earth in 1988 by the Yondu Ravager Clan and raised as one of their members, eventually building a reputation as the notorious intergalactic outlaw Star-Lord. In 2014, he decided to leave the Ravagers and operate individually, unintentionally becoming a key player in the quest for a precious artifact known as the Orb after stealing it from Morag. Following his arrest, he forged an uneasy alliance with fellow inmates Gamora, Drax the Destroyer, Rocket Raccoon, and Groot, who together formed the Guardians of the Galaxy. They first rallied as a team by stopping Ronan the Accuser from destroying Xandar with the Power Stone.

As of 2023, Quill has appeared in six films and the television special "The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special" (2022). The character and Pratt's portrayal have been met with positive reception.

Alternate versions of Quill from within the MCU multiverse appear in "" (2019), portrayed by Pratt, and in the animated series "What If...?" (2021), voiced by Brian T. Delaney.

Darlington (disambiguation)

Darlington is a town in County Durham, England.

Darlington may also refer to:





In Darlington, England:


Colorado Eagles

The Colorado Eagles are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2003. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Loveland, Colorado at the Blue Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League (AHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Utah Grizzlies.

The Colorado Eagles would first start playing in 2003 in the Central Hockey League (CHL). The Eagles would win the Ray Miron President's Cup in the 2004–05 season, defeating the Laredo Bucks four games to one. They would win another Cup in the 2006–07 seasons, again defeating the Laredo Bucks four games to two. On May 31, 2012, the Eagles announced in a press conference that the team would be leaving the CHL and would be joining the ECHL.

During their time in the ECHL, the Eagles would win back-to-back Kelly Cups in 2017, defeating the South Carolina Stingrays four games to zero. As well as, 2018, where they defeated the Florida Everblades four games to three.

On October 10, 2017, the Colorado Avalanche announced that the Colorado Eagles would be promoted to the American Hockey League (AHL). The Eagles decided to keep the Kelly Cup when they left the ECHL and the trophy had to be replaced.

Toni Atkins

Toni Gayle Atkins (born August 1, 1962) is an American politician serving as the 51st and current President pro tempore of the California State Senate since 2018. A member of the Democratic Party, she previously served as the 69th Speaker of the California State Assembly from 2014 to 2016. She has represented the 39th State Senate district since 2016, encompassing most of San Diego.

Nova (Richard Rider)

Nova (real name Richard Rider), is a fictional character and superhero in the Marvel Comics universe, appearing as the main protagonist of the "Nova" comics. He is a member of the Nova Corps, an intergalactic police force who protects the universe from threats.

He was created by Marv Wolfman, and the late John Buscema, and first appeared in "The Man Called Nova #1" in September of 1976.

Nova (Sam Alexander)

Nova (real name Samuel "Sam" Alexander), also known as Kid Nova, is a fictional character and superhero from Marvel Comics, appearing as a major character in the "Nova" and "Champions" comics.

The son of Nova Centurion Jesse Alexander, Sam would learn that his father's tales were true and succeed him after obtaining his helmet. Becoming a young superhero, Alexander would come across numerous threats while learning what it means to be a true hero. He is a co-founder and member of the Champions, and was a previous member of the Avengers, New Warriors, and the Nova Corps.

He was created by Jeph Loeb and Ed McGuinness, and first appeared in "Marvel Point One #1" in November of 2011.

Henderson Silver Knights

The Henderson Silver Knights are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2020. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Henderson, Nevada at the Dollar Loan Center. They are the AHL affiliate for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Savannah Ghost Pirates.

The team originally played in San Antonio, Texas as the San Antonio Rampage from 2002 to 2020. On February 6, 2020, the Vegas Golden Knights announced that they had purchased the team and that they would be moving the Rampage to the Nevada area. On February 28, the team was officially moved to Nevada.

On Feburary 6, 2021, the team would play their first game as the Henderson Silver Knights. They would defeat the Ontario Reign 5–2.

In the 2019–20 season, the Silver Knights would finish the season with 25 wins, 13 loses, and 51 points, leading the Pacific Division. They would make it the Pacific Division finals but would lose to the Bakersfield Condors three games to two.

Ontario Reign

The Ontario Reign are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2015. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Ontario, California at the Toyota Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Greenville Swamp Rabbits.

The team originally played in Manchester, New Hampshire as the Manchester Monarchs from 2001 to 2015. On January 29, 2015, the Los Angeles Kings announced that the team would be moving to Ontario, California and would become the Ontario Reign. There was already a team called the Ontario Reign in the ECHL at the time and when the Monarchs moved to Ontario, the ECHL Reign moved to Manchester to become the ECHL's Manchester Monarchs.

On October 10, 2015, the team would play their first game as the Ontario Reign. They would defeat the Bakersfield Condors 5–0.

In the 2015–16 season, the Reign would finish the season with 44 wins, 19 losses, and 93 points, leading the Pacific Division. They would make it the Western Conference finals but would lose to the Lake Erie Monsters four games to zero.

C-41 process

C-41 is the photographic film process used to develop practically all modern still-picture color negative film. It is also used for some black and white films, such as XP2. Slide film can also be cross-processed in C-41 to produce a negative.

C-41 film has a safety (acetate or polyester) film base, tinted orange on most films, with an emulsion made of silver halides and dye couplers. These are in multiple layers that record each primary color separately. When the film is developed, the silver is developed first, like black and white film. Oxidized developer then reacts with a dye coupler to produce a visible dye. The film is then bleached and fixed, which removes the silver and unexposed silver halides, making the image permanent. The film cannot be exposed to any light, not even the red darkroom safelight, until the process is completed. The film can then be printed with the RA-4 process, or scanned into a computer.

South Asian pickle

The term "aachar" refers to pickles in South Asian cuisine. Pickles play a significant role in Indian culinary traditions, providing a burst of flavor and acting as a condiment to complement various dishes. The history of South Indian aachar is intertwined with the rich culinary heritage of the region.

Safelight

The safelight is a red or yellow light used to illuminate a darkroom. Typically it is a normal incandescent or fluorescent bulb behind a red filter, or a red LED. Orthochromatic films and black and white papers can be handled under the safelight without exposing them. Panchromatic and color films, and color papers cannot be handled under the safelight and must be handled in complete darkness.

Bert Wheeler

Albert Jerome Wheeler (April 7, 1895-January 18, 1968) is an American actor and Comedian in a Double act with Robert Woolsey in 1929 and 1937.
He died at the Age of 72.

Aeduella

Aeduella is an extinct genus of freshwater fish. This fish lived during the Gzhelian and Asselian-Sakmarian ages in what is now France (Auvergne, Burgundy), Germany (Baden-Württemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate, Saarland), Switzerland (Basel-Landschaft, canton of Zürich) and the Czech Republic. It belongs to the family Aeduellidae.

The type and only species is "Aeduella blainvillei."

It is a middle-sized fish with a laterally compressed body. Its eyes are very big. In life, it would have looked like a carp. It also has rectangular scales.


San Diego Gulls

The San Diego Gulls are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2015. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in San Diego, California at the Pechanga Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League (NHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Tulsa Oilers.

The team originally played in Norfolk, Virginia as the Norfolk Admirals from 2000 to 2015. On January 6, 2015, it was announced that the Admirals would be moving to another city. On January 29, 2015, the Anaheim Ducks announced that the team would be moving to San Diego, California and would become the San Diego Gulls. Before the team's existence, there were four other teams named the San Diego Gulls throughout ice hockey history.

On October 10, 2015, the team would play their first game as the San Diego Gulls. They would defeat the Grand Rapids Griffins 4–2.

San Jose Barracuda

The San Jose Barracuda are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2015. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in San Jose, California at the Tech CU Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL). Their ECHL affiliate is the Wichita Thunder.

The team originally played in San Antonio, Texas as the San Antonio Rampage from 2002 to 2020. On January 21, 2015, it was announced that the Sharks would be moving to San Jose, California. Eight days later, the San Jose Sharks officially confirmed that the Sharks would move from Worcester to San Jose.

On October 9, 2015, the team would play their first game as the San Jose Barracuda. They would be defeated by the Rockford IceHogs 4–2.

In the 2019–20 season, the Barracuda would finish the season with 43 wins, 16 loses, and 95 points, leading the Pacific Division. They would make it the Western Conference finals but would lose to the Grand Rapids Griffins four games to one.

Tucson Roadrunners

The Tucson Roadrunners are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2016. The team plays in the American Hockey League (AHL). They play their home games in Tucson, Arizona at the Tucson Convention Center Arena. They are the AHL affiliate for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL).

The team originally played in Springfield, Massachusetts as the Springfield Falcons from 1994 to 2016. On April 19, 2016, the Arizona Coyotes announced that they had purchased the Falcons. On May 17, the team would officially move to Tucson, Arizona to become the Tucson Roadrunners. The name pays tribute to the many different ice hockey teams in the Arizona area that were called the Roadrunners. It is also a reference to the Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner since their NHL affiliate is the Arizona Coyotes.

On October 14, 2016, the team would play their first game as the Tucson Roadrunners. They would be defeated by the San Diego Gulls 5–3.

In the 2019–20 season, the Barracuda would finish the season with 42 wins, 20 loses, and 90 points, leading the Pacific Division. They would make it the Pacific Division finals but would lose to the Texas Stars four games to one. In the 2019–20 season, the Roadrunners would lead the Pacific Division and would finish the season with 36 wins, 19 loses, and 75 points. However, the 2020 Calder Cup playoffs would be cancelled by the league because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

On October 27, 2017, the Roadrunners retired Craig Cunningham's jersey number #14. On November 19, 2016, during a game between the Roadrunners and the Manitoba Moose, Cunningham collapsed on the ice. He was rushed to a hospital where doctors diagnosed him with acute cardiac arrest from ventricular fibrillation. The heart attack would force Cunningham to retire and they would also amputate his lower left leg.

The Typewriter

"The Typewriter" is a short piece of light music by American composer Leroy Anderson. It uses a typewriter as a percussion instrument.

Anderson completed "The Typewriter" on October 9, 1950 in Woodbury, Connecticut. "The Typewriter" was first performed on September 8, 1953 during a recording Anderson and the Boston Pops Orchestra made in New York City for Decca Records. Anderson composed the melody for symphony and pops orchestras; William Zinn and Floyd Werle arranged it for string orchestras and wind bands.

It is named "The typewriter" because a real typewriter is needed to perform the piece. It uses three basic sounds of a typewriter: that of typing, the "bell" that indicates the end of a line, and the sound the typewriter makes when jumping to the next line. A bell is sometimes used for the end-of-line sound, the sound of the typewriter’s carriage returning is made by a musical gourd, flute, string or other instrument.

The typewriter for the performance was modified so that only two keys work to prevent the keys from jamming. According to the composer himself, as well as other musicians, the typewriter part is difficult because of how fast the typing speed is: even professional stenographers cannot do it, and only professional drummers have the necessary wrist flexibility.

The composition has been called one of "the wittiest and most clever pieces in the orchestral repertoire". Author Steve Metcalf has written that "Despite the almost total disappearance of typewriters in everyday life, the statistics show that "The Typewriter" is still a favorite Anderson item."

The typewriter is considered a percussion instrument. The typewriter part is usually performed by a percussionist or drummer, or rarely by the conductor.


Young Country

"Young Country" is a 1988 song by Hank Williams Jr. and is the third and final single from his 40th studio album "Born to Boogie". It went to number 2 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart.

Voom HD Networks

Voom HD Networks was a suite of 25 original high-definition television channels. It was owned by AMC Networks. As part of a 15-year agreement between AMC Networks and Dish Network. They were originally part of the Voom DTH satellite platform launched by Cablevision and were operated by its subsidiary, Rainbow DBS Company.

Which Wich?

Which Wich Superior Sandwiches is an American fast casual restaurant chain. It specializes in sandwiches and salads. It is headquartered in Downtown Dallas, Texas. It was founded by restaurateur Jeff Sinelli in 2003.

Penn Station (restaurant)

Penn Station is a chain of restaurants. It specializes in what it calls "East Coast subs." It was founded in 1985 by Jeff Osterfeld in Cincinnati, Ohio. It has 300 locations in 15 states.

Lamontélarié

Lamontélarié is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Laparrouquial

Laparrouquial is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Larroque, Tarn

Larroque is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lasfaillades

Lasfaillades is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lasgraisses

Lasgraisses is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lautrec

Lautrec is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lavaur, Tarn

Lavaur is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lédas-et-Penthiès

Lédas-et-Penthiès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lempaut

Lempaut is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

The Château de Padiès was built in the 17th century.

Lescout

Lescout is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lescure-d'Albigeois

Lescure-d'Albigeois is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lisle-sur-Tarn

Lisle-sur-Tarn is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Fearnet

Fearnet was an American digital cable television network, website and video on demand service. It was owned by Comcast. It specialized in horror entertainment programming through a mix of acquired and original series, and feature films. It launched on October 31, 2006 as a video on demand service. It shut down on July 30, 2014.

Livers-Cazelles

Livers-Cazelles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lombers

Lombers is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Loubers

Loubers is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Loupiac, Tarn

Loupiac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Lugan, Tarn

Lugan is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Magrin

Magrin is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mailhoc

Mailhoc is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Marnaves

Marnaves is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Marssac-sur-Tarn

Marssac-sur-Tarn is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Anna Borg

Anna Borg is an European energy executive. She is CEO of Vattenfall.

She graduated from Uppsala University,

She was senior vice president at Klarna bsnk. In 2017, she was CFO of Vattenfall. 

She warned of energy rationing. She halted the Norfolk Boreas offshore windfarm project due to increased costs.

Shoney's

Shoney's is an American restaurant chain. It is headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee. It operates 61 locations in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Missouri, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia. It was founded in 1947.

Jane Foster

Dr. Jane Foster is a fictional character and superhero that appears in Marvel Comics line, being one of the supporting protagonist of the "Thor" comics and "The Avengers" comics. She was employed by Thor, who was disguised as Donald Blake to be his nurse. After being deemed worthy to wield Mjolnir; she adopted the name Thor (or Lady Thor), "The Goddess of Thunder", but later left the title and became Valkyrie.

Since her character debut, she has appeared in numerous media, such as in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), where she is played by Natalie Portman.

She was created by the late Stan Lee, the late Jack Kirby, and Larry Lieber, and first appeared in "Journey Into Mystery" #84 in July of 1962.

Xochitl Gomez

Xochitl Gomez (born April 29, 2006) is an American actress. Born in Los Angeles, she began acting at age five, performing in local musical theater productions and student movies. Gomez made her professional debut in 2018 in Raven's Home. She starred in the Netflix comedy series "The Baby-Sitters Club" (2020), and gained wider recognition for playing America Chavez in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" (2022). In 2023, she became the winner on season 32 of "Dancing with the Stars".

Hailuoto

Hailuoto is an Finnish island in the northern Baltic Sea and a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia. As of 30 September 2023, 951 people lived there. It is the largest island in the Gulf of Bothnia.


Siikalatva

Siikalatva is a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 30 September 2023, 4,960 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Haapavesi, Kajaani, Kärsämäki, Liminka, Muhos, Pyhäntä, Raahe, Siikajoki and Vaala. It has four Lutheran churches.

The former municipalities of Kestilä, Piippola, Pulkkila and Rantsila were merged into Siikalatva on 1 January 2009.


Marzens

Marzens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Masnau-Massuguiès

Le Masnau-Massuguiès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Massac-Séran

Massac-Séran is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Massaguel

Massaguel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Olarenwaju Kayode

Tobi Olarenwaju Ayobami "Larry" Kayode (born 8 May 1993 in Ibadan, Nigeria) is a Nigerian football player. He plays for Genclerbirligi Ankara as forward.
Kayode started his career in Nigeria with Marvelous FC. In 2008 he moved to Ghana to Red Bull Ghana. He moved to ASEC Mimosas in Ivory Coast in January 2010. After six months he was loaned to AFAD Djékanou for one and a half years. He was loaned to FC Luzern in Switzerland from January to December 2012. After his return he was loaned to Heartland FC. After nine months he was loaned to Maccabi Netanya in Israel. After the loan deal ended, the Israelis signed him permanently.

For the 2015/16 season he moved to Austria to the Bundesliga club FK Austria Wien. In 2017 he became top scorer of the Austrian Football Bundesliga with 17 goals. In August 2017 he went to Manchester City. There he was loaned to Spain to FC Girona. After little success in Spain he was loaned to Shakhtar Donetsk. With Shakhtar Donetsk he became champion and cup winner. For the 2019/20 season he was loaned to Gaziantep FK. Between 2020 and 2022 he played on loan for Sivasspor. 2022 till 2023 he was loaned to Ümraniyespor. In 2023 he went to Genclerbirligi in the second league of Turkey.

After Kayode had previously played for various Nigerian youth national teams, he was called up to the senior national team squad for the first time in March 2017. He made his debut the same month as a 76th-minute substitute for Ahmed Musa in a friendly against Senegal.

ASEC Mimosas
Maccabi Netanya
Shakhtar Donetsk
Sivasspor
FK Austria Wien

Massals

Massals is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Maurens-Scopont

Maurens-Scopont is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mazamet

Mazamet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mézens

Mézens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Fabbrica Curone

Fabbrica Curone is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Kugelmugel

Kugelmugel is an art installation by artist Edwin Lipburger (1928-8 January 2015). It is a round house with a diameter of 8m. Currently it stands on a spot at the Wiener Prater, in Vienna, surrounded by barbed wire. Lipburger declared it to be an autonomous republic. For this reason, some see it as a micronation.

Today, it is mostly a tourist attraction in Vienna.

Skjåk

Skjåk is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 2,151 people lived there.


Øyer

Øyer is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 5,082 people lived there.


Grue, Norway

Grue is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 4,548 people lived there.


Nord-Odal

Nord-Odal is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 5,016 people lived there.


Sør-Odal

Sør-Odal is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 7,978 people lived there.


Våler, Innlandet

Våler is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 3,597 people lived there.


Åsnes

Åsnes is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 7,211 people lived there.


Hamar Municipality

Hamar Municipality () is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. It is in the traditional district of Hedemarken. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Hamar. In 2022, 31,999 people lived there.


Løten

Løten is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 7,715 people lived there.


Ringsaker

Ringsaker is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 35,073 people lived there.


Stange

Stange is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 21,156 people lived there.


Halyna Kuzmenko

Halyna Kuzmenko (1897–1978) was a Ukrainian teacher and revolutionary.

Halyna Kuzmenko was born in Kyiv on 13 January 1897. Her father worked on the Ukrainian Railways and later as a farmer. Kuzmenko became a teacher in 1916. She taught the Ukrainian language and history at a primary school in Huliaipole. There she married the revolutionary leader Nestor Makhno. During the Russian Civil War, she joined the Revolutionary Insurgent Army of Ukraine and operated a machine gun.

In 1921, Kuzmenko and Makhno fled to Romania. They then went to Poland, where they stayed in an internment camp. They were suspected of plotting treason against the Polish government and put in prison. Kuzmenko gave birth to their daughter in prison. They were acquitted during their trial. They stayed in Poland for another year. Makhno and Kuzmenko argued a lot at this time. They then moved to Paris, where Kuzmenko and Makhno divorced.

During World War II, she was arrested and taken to Berlin. She was used as forced labor by Nazi Germany. After the war, she was arrested by the Red Army. She was then sentenced to penal labour in Mordovia. In the 1950s, Kuzmenko moved to Kazakhstan. She lived there until she died on 23 March 1978.

Ringarum

Ringarum is a locality in Valdemarsvik Municipality in Östergötland County in Sweden. In 2010, 577 people lived there.

La Villeneuve, Saône-et-Loire

La Villeneuve is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Saône-et-Loire department in east France. On 1 January 2015, the former communes of Clux and La Villeneuve joined together to become the new commune called Clux-Villeneuve.

Thunder (Imagine Dragons song)

"Thunder" is a 2017 song by American pop rock band Imagine Dragons and is the second single from their third studio album "Evolve". It topped the single charts in the Czech Republic. It went to the top 10 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Germany, Hungary, Italy, New Zealand, Poland, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland and the United States and also peaked at number 20 in the United Kingdom. It was nominated for an Grammy Award in 2018.

The music video was shot in Dubai. As of 2023, it has over 2 billion views on YouTube.

In Guezzam

In Guezzam is the capital city of the Algerian province with the same name. It lies about north of the border with Niger. 7045 people live on an area of 46.813 km². Population density is about 1 person per 5 km. The Algier-Lagos-Highway runs through the city. The first settlement on the other side of the border, in Niger, is Assamaka. There is a small airport just outside the town. The airport is closed for regular flights; using it requires a permit. 

In Guezzam lies in the barren Tanezrouft region of far southern Algeria. The landscape is sandy, with frequent sand dunes interspersed with sandstone outcrops. The town is located in the southern extremity of the nation. For this reason,the Gulf of Guinea is closer to it than the Mediterranean coast in the north. The distance from In Guezzam to 11 African capital cities is shorter as the crow flies than the distance to Algiers.

1.7% of the population has a tertiary education (the equal lowest rate in the province), and another 4.9% has completed secondary education. The overall literacy rate is 39.4%, and is 50.7% among males and 29.1% among females; all three rates are the lowest in the province.

Lockheed L-1049 Super Constellation

The L1049 (super Connie) in the mid 50s to late 60s was a common and famous plane, and TWA (trans world airlines) was among the largest operators of the type.

Hyperion (tree)

Hyperion is the name of a coast redwood tree "(Sequoia sempervirens)" in California, United States. It is the world's tallest known living tree, measuring 116.07 m (380.8 ft).

Hyperion is estimated to be 600 to 800 years old. It was discovered on 25 August 2006, by naturalists Chris Atkins and Michael Taylor. It was found in a remote area of Redwood National Park.


Carvel (franchise)

Carvel is an American ice cream franchise. It is owned by Focus Brands. It operates a chain of 320 ice cream outlets. It is best known for its soft-serve ice cream and ice cream cakes, which feature a layer of distinctive "crunchies". It also makes a variety of novelty ice cream bars and ice cream sandwiches. It was founded in 1929.

Philautus abditus

The Buon Luoi shrub frog ("Philautus abditus") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam and Cambodia and scientists think it lives in Laos too. People have seen it between 600 and 1200 meters above sea level.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. This frog lives in mountain forests. Scientists have not seen this frog in places that human beings have changed, so they think it could be in danger in the future if humans cut down too many trees.

People have seen the male frog sitting about 3 meters above the ground calling to female frogs Scientists do not know where this frog lays its eggs.

Humans cut down trees to make farms to grow coffee, pepper, and cassava in Vietnam and safrole oil in Cambodia.

Richard Proenneke

Richard Louis Proenneke, born on May 4, 1916, was an American self-taught naturalist, conservationist, writer, and wildlife photographer. From around the age of 51 until 1998, he lived alone in the Alaskan mountains, building his own log cabin near Twin Lakes. Proenneke sourced much of his own food through hunting and fishing, documented his experiences in journals and on film, and left his cabin to the National Park Service upon his death. His cabin is now a popular attraction in Lake Clark National Park.

Proenneke's early life included growing up with three sisters and four brothers. Though he left high school after two years, he worked on Iowa family farms until 1939, enjoying motorcycles as a teen. During World War II, he served in the United States Navy as a carpenter, but after contracting rheumatic fever and recovering, he was discharged in 1945.

After leaving the Navy, Proenneke trained as a diesel mechanic but later followed his passion for nature, working on an Oregon sheep ranch and eventually moving to Shuyak Island, Alaska, in 1950. He worked as a heavy equipment operator, repairman, salmon fisherman, and diesel technician throughout Alaska, earning a reputation for his skills. Proenneke's dedication to nature and self-sufficiency led him to spend nearly three decades living independently in the Alaskan wilderness.

Baker Center (Austin, Texas)

The Baker Center, previously the Baker School, Baker Junior High School, and W. R. Robbins High School, is a historic building in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Austin, Texas. It has been, in order, an elementary school, a middle school, an alternative high school, and an administrative building for Austin ISD. In 2018, the Baker Center was bought by Alamo Drafthouse Cinema, and it is now their corporate headquarters.

It has been a filming location for the TV shows "Friday Night Lights", and "Walker".

As of October 27, 2023, the Baker Center is on the National Register of Historic Places for its importance in educational and architectural history.

When it was built, the Baker School replaced the original Hyde Park School.

It was identical to the Fulmore Middle School in South Austin, which would later become Lively Middle School.

The Baker School was designed by the architectural firm Endress & Walsh and their associate Roy L. Thomas.

The school was dedicated on November 28, 1911 as a segregated elementary school for white children living in Hyde Park. It is named for DeWitt Clinton Baker, who was the treasurer of the Austin Library Association in 1875.

Additions to Baker School were built in 1924, by city planner and architect Franz Hugo Kuehne, and in 1939 by the firm Kriesle and Brooks.

In the late 1930s, federal aid was given to the school, which was used to create a large rear addition. As a result of the expansion, the school now served elementary and middle school-aged pupils. The district then renamed the school to reflect this.

Baker Junior High School was renovated in 1958 and 1961 in an effort to modernize the building, as well as to accommodate the growing population of Hyde Park. The school's "Band Building" was established during the renovations.

The Baker Junior High School was made into an Alternative High School in 1980. W. R. Robbins closed in 1995.

After the closing of W. R. Robbins, the school became the main office for Austin ISD.

During this period, the building was used as a filming location for the TV show, "Friday Night Lights" and "Walker, Texas Red".

In 2016, in the wake of budget cuts, the district put the Baker School on the real estate market. They had previously suggested selling the school in 2011.

Austin ISD asked that any buyers use the building for educational purposes.

In 2017, the school's gymnasium was converted into an art venue named the "Rosette." It has been used primarily as a performance space for Austin Classical Guitar.

Movie theater chain Alamo Drafthouse bought the Baker Center in 2017 for $10.6 million. Alamo Drafthouse said they would use it as their corporate headquarters, but that it would also create affordable housing for public school teachers. They promised it would not be "just a development project".

Concerns were raised over Alamo Drafthouse winning the auction, as other bidders had spent millions more on their bids. ColinaWest Real Estate owner David Kahn sued Austin ISD, alleging that they had violated proper vetting processes by not going with one of the higher bids made. Kahn would later rescind his lawsuit.

Alamo Drafthouse has not built the affordable housing for teachers.

In 2020, Alamo Drafthouse sought NRHP status for the Baker Center. It was added to the register in October 2023, which gave the company a tax credit.

Schlotzsky's

Schlotzsky's is an American franchise chain of restaurants. It specializes in sandwiches and pizza. It has more than 330 franchised and company-owned locations throughout the United States. It was founded in 1971. It is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.

Assamaka

Assamaka is a small desert town in Niger, just south of the border with Algeria. It is the only border crossing between Niger and Algeria. The town In Guezzam in Algeria is about to the north. The area is inhabited may by Tuareg tribes. There are many migrants. Very often, they come without travel documents.

Jewelry Television

Jewelry Television is an American television network. It specializes in the sale of jewelry. It has an estimated reach of more than 80 million U.S. households, through cable and satellite providers, online streaming and limited over-the-air broadcasters. It was founded as America's Collectibles Network in 1993 by Jerry Sisk Jr., Bob Hall, and Bill Kouns.

Motor Trend (TV network)

Motor Trend is an American sports television network. It is owned by Motor Trend Group, a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Discovery through its TNT Sports unit. It primarily broadcasts automotive-themed programming, including motorsports events. It was launched in 2002.

Vestry Road

Vestry Road in Southwark is in the London region of England. The postcode is within the St Giles ward/electoral division, which is in the constituency of Camberwell and Peckham. It's 2.26 miles South East from Central London, 22.26 miles South East from St Albans, 23.03 miles North East from Woking and 26.67 miles North East from Guildford.

Vestry Road was a land bought and a name given to by the vestry (parish of St. Giles) then was abolished, administering what became the Metropolitan Borough of Camberwell. In 1900 which later became London Borough of Southwark.

Vestry Road is home to Vestry Mews which is a luxurious gated community, Lucas Gardens and Lettsom Estate (named after Dr John Coakley Lettsom) which has a Tenants' Residents Association hall. It has a pharmacy, cafe, takeaway and a restaurant. In September 2021 Southwark council received planning permission to improve the tenant's hall and adding new homes.

Blackball (movie)

Blackball is a 2003 British movie based on the game of bowls. It was written by Tim Firth, and the was directed by Mel Smith. The film follows Paul Kaye who is talented at the game, but comes from a working class family. He is teamed up with James Cromwell an upper class player to compete against Australia. The plot is based on the bowls player Griff Sanders, who was called "the Bad Boy of Bowls".


List of highest-grossing animated movies

These are the animated movies that made the most money. After inflation, the one which made the most money is Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.

1) Snow White, $ 1.019 billion 

2) One Hundred and One Dalmatians, $ 932.7 million 

3) The Lion King, $ 833.1 million 

4) Fantasia, $ 774.9 million 

5) Incredibles 2, $ 697.4 million 

6) The Jungle Book, $687.5 million 

7) Sleeping Beauty, $ 678.2 million 

8) Shrek 2, $ 651.5 million 

9) Pinocchio, $ 628.9 million 

10) Bambi, $594.6 million

If you ignore inflation, then these are the animated movies that made the most money 

1) Incredibles 2, $608.6 million 

2) The Super Mario Bros. Movie, $526 million 

3) Finding Dory, $486.3 million 

4) Frozen II, $477.4 million 

5) Shrek 2, $441.2 million 

6) Toy Story 4, $434 million 

7) The Lion King, $422.8 million 

8) Toy Story 3, $415 million

9) Frozen, $401 million 

10) Finding Nemo $380.8 million 

The Lion King Remake made more money before inflation than the other ones did but a lot of people call it a live action movie instead of an animated one and don’t count it while others say it counts as animated because it’s made with CGI.

The Super Mario Bros movie is huge but Second Biggest Animated Film Ever? Uh, no

Roquan Smith

Roquan Daevon Smith (born April 8, 1997) is an American football linebacker. He plays for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL). He has also played for the Chicago Bears.

He was recruited out of NSU University School as a four-star recruit by both ESPN and Rivals.com.

Smith started his career by playing college football at Georgia. 

During his time at Georgia, Smith played in the SEC Championship Game. He would be named the MVP of the game. He would also be named the SEC Defensive Player of the Year. Smith would also become the first Georgia Bulldog to win the Butkus Award for top linebacker in college football.

On January 15, 2018, Smith said that he was going to enter the 2018 NFL Draft.

On April 26, 2018, the Chicago Bears drafted Smith with the 8th pick in the first round of the 2018 NFL Draft. On June 15, Smith agreed to a four-year, $18.47 million fully guaranteed rookie contract with a signing bonus of $11.51 million.

On September 9, Smith made his NFL debut with the Bears in a 24-23 loss to the Green Bay Packers. In the game, he was able to record his first sack. 

On October 31, 2022, the Bears traded Smith to the Baltimore Ravens in exchange for A. J. Klein, a 2023 second round pick, and a 2023 fifth round pick. On January 10, 2023, Smith signed a five-year, $100 million contract extension with the Ravens.

Gus Edwards (American football)

Augustus Edwards (born 13 April 1995) is a Liberian American football running back. He plays for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL).

He was recruited out of Tottenville High School as a three-star recruit by both ESPN and Rivals.com.

Edwards started his career by playing college football at Miami. He would play with the Hurricanes from 2013 until 2016. In 2017, he transfered to Rutgers to play his final year in college.

Edwards would go undrafted. On 4 May 2018, the Baltimore Ravens would sign Edwards along with 14 other undrafted rookies.

On 15 October, Edwards would make his NFL debut with the Ravens in a 21–0 win against the Tennessee Titans. In the game, he was able to record his 42 yards on 10 carries. 

In his debut year, Edwards would finish the 2018 season with 718 rushing yards and 2 touchdowns. He was fifth in rookie running backs in the league. On 25 November 2018, Edwards would become the first Ravens rookie since Jamal Lewis in 2000 to have back-to-back 100+ yard rushing games.

On 7 June 2021, Edwards would sign a two-year; $10 million contract extension with the Ravens.

Edwards was born on 13 April 1995 in Monrovia, Liberia. He was born during the First Liberian Civil War. His family would move to New York when Edwards was five years old.

Mark Andrews (American football)

Mark Andrews (born September 6, 1995) is an American football tight end. He plays for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL).

He was recruited out of Desert Mountain High School as a four-star recruit by both ESPN and Rivals.com. While at Desert Mountain, Andrews played the wide receiver position.

Andrews started his career by playing college football at Oklahoma. In 2017, Andrews was voted as the most outstanding tight end in college football and was awarded the John Mackey Award.

On January 4, 2018, Andrews announced that he was going to enter the 2018 NFL Draft.

On April 27, 2018, the Baltimore Ravens drafted Andrews with the 86th pick in the third round of the 2018 NFL Draft. On June 15, Andrews agreed to a four-year, $3.45 million rookie contract with a signing bonus of $836,660.

On September 10, Andrews would make his NFL debut with the Ravens in a 47–3 win against the Buffalo Bills. In the game, he had 31 yards off three receptions. Andrews would score his first touchdown in a 23–34 loss to the Cincinnati Bengals on September 13.

In 2019, Andrews would finish the season with 64 receptions for 852 receiving yards and ten receiving touchdowns. During the season, he would lead the league among tight ends in ten receiving touchdowns. He would also be named to his first Pro Bowl.

On September 6, 2021, Andrews would sign a four-year, $56 million contract extension with the Ravens with $37.6 million guaranteed.

On a October 11 overtime win against the Indianapolis Colts, Andrews would set career-highs in receptions with 11 of 13 for 147 yards, as well as, catching two touchdowns and was successful on two two-point conversion receptions. At the end of the season, Andrews would named to his second Pro Bowl and would also be named as a First-team All-Pro by the Associated Press.

Andrews has Type 1 diabetes and uses an insulin pump.

Cloak and Dagger (characters)

Cloak (real name Tyrone "Ty" Johnson) and Dagger (real name Tandy Bowen) are a fictional comic book superhero duo in the Marvel Comics universe. Two runaways who both developed the powers to manipulate the elements of light and dark, the two decided to become vigilantes and to stop threats. Both have been allies to Spider-Man, Wolverine, and members of the X-Men and the Secret Avengers.

The dynamic duo were created by Bill Mantlo and Ed Hannigan, and first appeared in "Peter Parker, the Spectacular Spider-Man #64" in March of 1982.

Marvel Television produced a two-season self-titled live-action television series set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, with Aubrey Joseph as Ty Johnson and Olivia Holt as Tandy Bowen. Additionally, Joseph and Holt reprised their roles in the third season of "Runaways" following the former series' cancellation.

William Shepard Rose Jr.

William Shepard "Rip" Rose Jr. (born March 9, 1948) is an American lawyer.

William Shepard Rose Jr. was born in Columbia, South Carolina on March 9, 1948, as the eldest of three children to William Shepard Rose (1922–2004), an international businessman in the steel industry, and Meta Cantey Rose (née Boykin; 1924–2011), a socialite. His younger siblings are; brother B. Boykin Rose, the first South Carolina Department of Public Safety director, and sister Meta Boyd (née Rose).

Rose Jr. graduated from the University of South Carolina with his bachelor's degree in English in 1970. He graduated from the University of Southern California with his Doctor of Law degree in 1973. He graduated from Georgetown University with his Master of Laws in taxation in 1976. He graduated from the University of South Carolina School of Law in 1973.

Rose Jr. is a lawyer. He currently works at the McNair law firm in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina.

Rose Jr. worked with the Office of Chief Counsel, Tax Court Litigation Division, Internal Revenue Service between 1973 and 1976. He worked at Frost and Jacobs between 1977 and 1981.

Rose Jr. and his wife reside in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina.

Rose Jr. married Frances John Hobbs (born July 6, 1952) - the daughter of Truman McGill Hobbs - in Montgomery, Alabama on August 11, 1973. They have three children together; Katherine Cummings "Katie" Trotter (née Rose; born February 1977), Shep Rose and Whitaker Boykin Rose (born July 1983).

Rose Jr. has five grandchildren; three through Katherine and her husband John Trotter, and two through Whitaker and his wife Tiernan Rose.

Karl Kerbach

Karl Kerbach (30 September 1918 in Vienna-28 November 1994) was an Austrian football player. He played as forward mainly for Floridsdorfer AC.
In the 1942/43 season, Kerbach played for Floridsdorfer AC in the Gauliga Ostmark. With 31 goals scored in 19 Gauliga matches , he became the top scorer in this league. 1943 till 1945 he played for MSV Brünn. After the end of the Second World War he returned to Floridsdorfer AC . From 1949 to 1951 he and his club were represented in the (all-Austrian) Staatsliga. At the beginning of the second half of the season in 1951 he moved to 1. Wiener Neustädter SC. 
He played one match for the Austria national football team on 5 May 1946 (1-3) 

USS Langley (CV-1)

The USS "Langley" (CV-1) was the first aircraft carrier in the United States Navy.

Gerontology Research Group

Gerontology Research Group is a non profit research group that researches about aging, mainly focusing on people who are 110 years old or older. The group later eventually wants to start slowing and reversing aging. Most of the members of the group are respected scientists or have a PHD. The group was founded in the year 1990 by L. Stephen Coles and Stephen M. Kaye. However after Coles' death, he was replaced by John M. Adams.

Isaiah Likely

Isaiah Likely (born April 18, 2000) is an American football tight end. He plays for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL).

He was recruited out of Everett High School as a three-star recruit by both ESPN and Rivals.com.

Likely started his career by playing college football at Coastal Carolina. During his freshman year at Coastal Carolina, Likely was named as a third-team All-Sun Belt Conference. He would also be named as a first-team All-Sun Belt and a second-team All-American the next season in his junior year.

On October 7, 2021, he would tie an NCAA record in his senior year. Likely would catch four touchdowns and would catch a 99-yard reception, the longest touchdown reception. The Chanticleers would defeat the Arkansas State Red Wolves 52–20.

On April 30, 2022, the Baltimore Ravens drafted Likely with the 139th pick in the fourth round of the 2022 NFL Draft. On June 6, Likely signed a rookie contract with the Ravens.

On August 11, Likely would make his NFL debut with the Ravens in a 47–3 preseason win against the Buffalo Bills. His first NFL touchdown would come in a 27–22 win against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on October 27, 2022.

On January 20, 2024, Likely would record his first touchdown in an NFL playoff game. He would catch a 15-yard Lamar Jackson pass for the touchdown in a 27–22 win against the Houston Texans.

Justice Hill

Justice Hill (born November 14, 1997) is an American football running back. He plays for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL).

He was recruited out of Booker T. Washington High School as a four-star recruit by both ESPN and Rivals.com.

Hill started his career by playing college football at Oklahoma State. During his time at Oklahoma State, Hill would be named the Big 12 Newcomer of the Year and was also named to the Freshman All-American team.

On December 3, 2018, Hill said that he was going to enter the 2019 NFL Draft.

On April 27, 2019, the Baltimore Ravens drafted Hill with the 113th pick in the fourth round of the 2019 NFL Draft. On June 15, Hill signed a rookie contract with the Ravens.

On March 17, 2023, Hill signed a two-year, $4.5 million contract extension with the Ravens.

Bucay

Bucay a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 17,953 people lived here.

Bucloc

Bucloc is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 2,395 people lived here.

Lower Moutere

Lower Moutere is a farming community in the Tasman District. It is situated 6 kilometers east of Motueka and is on the Moutere Highway as an alternative to the main State Highway 60 route from Motueka to Nelson. It has a primary school that opened in 1857.

Daguioman

Daguioman is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillippines. According to the 2020 census, 2,019 people lived here.

Danglas

Danglas is municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 4,074 people lived here.

Dolores, Abra

Dolores is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 11,512 people lived here.

Madison Iseman

Madison Iseman (born February 14, 1997) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Charlotte in CMT series "Still the King" and Lennon Grant/Alison Grant in Amazon Prime Video series "I Know What You Did Last Summer". 

Iseman is from Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, and is the daughter of Susan and John Iseman, a dentist. She attended a virtual school.

In 2012, Iseman went on a music/missions trip to Kenya for two weeks. As of August 2013, she was active with the First United Methodist Church while in Myrtle Beach. She owns a cat.

La Paz, Abra

La Paz is a municipalty in Abra, Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 16,493 people lived here. 

Wakefield, New Zealand

Wakefield is a town in the Tasman District. It is located about 25 kilometers of Nelson on State Highway 6 and was named after Arthur Wakefield. It has a primary school in the town.

Devin Duvernay

Devin Duvernay (born September 12, 1997) is an American football linebacker and kick returner. He plays for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL).

He was recruited out of Sachse High School as a four-star recruit by both ESPN and Rivals.com.

Duvernay started his career by playing college football at Texas. Duvernay would record 106 receptions with nine touchdowns and 1,386 yards receiving in his senior year at Texas.

On April 24, 2018, the Baltimore Ravens drafted Duvernay with the 92nd pick in the third round of the 2020 NFL Draft. On June 15, Duvernay agreed to a four-year, $18.47 million fully guaranteed rookie contract with a signing bonus of $11.51 million.

On September 9, Duvernay made his NFL debut with the Ravens in a 38–6 win against the Cleveland Browns. In the game, he was able to record a 12-yard reception. 

On September 28, Duvernay would score his first touchdown in the NFL. He would run a 93-yard kickoff return into the endzone in a 20–34 loss to the Kansas City Chiefs. It was also the first kickoff return touchdown of the season.

His first career receiving touchdown came off of a 19-yard reception in a 19–17 win against the Detroit Lions on September 26, 2021.

Yearning (song)

"Yearning" is a 1957 duet song by George Jones and Jeanette Hicks. It was taken from his debut studio album "Grand Ole Opry's New Star" and went to number 10 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.

Lacub

Lacub is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census 3,612 people lived here.

Lagangilang

Lagangilang is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines.
According to the 2020 census, 14,914 people lived here.

Lagayan

Lagayang is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 4,488 people lived here.

Langiden

Langiden is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 3,576 people lived here.

Licuan-Baay

Licuan-Baay is a municipalty in Abra, the Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 4566 people lived here.

Luba, Abra

Luba is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 6,518 people lived here.

Malibcong

Malibcong is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 4.027 people lived here.

Manabo

Manabo is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 50,382 people lived here.

Peñarrubia

Peñarrubia is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 6,951 people lived here.

Vianney

Vianney Bureau (born 13 February 1991) is a French singer-songwriter. At 24 years old he won the award for performing artist of the year at the "Victoires de la musique 2016"

Vianney has three brothers. He grew up in a music-loving family. He listens his father sing and play songs on the guitar by artists French like Georges Brassens. Vianney has a passion for music at the age of 12 and began to write songs. In 2005, his father introduced him to some musician friends with whom he recorded his first track. In 2007, he make his first concert in an auditorium, the New Morning in Paris. He grew up in Paris and studied at Notre-Dame-des-Oiseaux College, where he would write a song of the same name, present on his first album "Idées blanches."


Ram Mandir (disambiguation)

Ram Mandir ('temple of Rama') may refer to:


Amblypterus

Amblypterus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Cisuralian. 


The type species is "Amblypterus latus".





Cisuralian

The Cisuralian is the first series/epoch of the Permian.

The Cisuralian was full of many animals such as actinopterygian "Amblypterus" and prototherapsid "Tetraceratops". The swampy fringes were mostly ferns, seed ferns, and lycophytes.

An unusual shark called "Helicoprion" also made its appearance. This strange fish had a tooth whorl.


Flip Video

The Flip Video cameras were an American series of pocket video cameras for digital video. They were created by Pure Digital Technologies. They were known for their simple interface with few buttons, minimal menus and built in USB plugs, and were marketed as making video "simple to shoot, simple to share". The cameras were introduced in 2006. They were discontinued in 2011.

Friendly's

Friendly's is a restaurant chain on the East Coast of the United States. It was founded in 1935, at the height of the Great Depression, by brothers Prestley and Curtis Blake in Springfield, Massachusetts. It offers diner-style cuisine and highlights its 22 ice cream flavors. Many locations offer an ice-cream only take-out window alongside the table service option. 

Radosław Gilewicz

Radosław Gilewicz (8 May 1971 in Chełm Śląski) is a former Polish football forward.
From 1991 he played for GKS Tychy. Then he moved to Ruch Chorzów in 1992. From 1993 to 1995 he played for FC St. Gallen. Then he played for VfB Stuttgart until 1997. His last game for VfB Stuttgart was the 1997 DFB Cup final, where he came on as a substitute. 1997-1998 he played for Karlsruher SC. 

After KSC was relegated from the Bundesliga in 1998, he moved to Austria and played for FC Tirol Innsbruck. With Innsbruck he won three championships and was top scorer in 2001 with 22 goals. After FC Tirol was dissolved, Radosław Gilewicz went to FK Austria Wien. There he reached the double in 2003 and the cup in 2005. Between 2005 and 2007 he played for . Then he moved back to Poland and played for Polonia Warsaw. 2009 he ended his active career as a player.

David Arthur Sikes

David Arthur Sikes (born 1955 in England) also known as David Sikes is a musician, business owner and former bassist for band Boston (1987-1998).

He moved to Suisun City, California at a young age with his family. He attended Crescent Schoos. Sullivan Middle School, Sem Yeto Continuation High School and Solano College with a major in Music.

After his studies, He Moved to Berkeley and joined many local bands.

In 1982, He Joined the Hard Rock Band named "Aldo Nova" as a Bassist and background singer. And in 1987, Sikes Joined the Rock Band Boston as a Bassist. The same year He did his first show with Boston at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas. During his time He played bass, sang and co-wrote five plus songs on Boston's 1994 Release Walk On, including "Surrender to Me", and "We can make it". Also He appeared on Boston’s Album ""Corporate America"" and Boston’s Greatest Hits release from the 90s.

Sikes was a Band-Member with Boston from 1987 to Feb 1997, performing on the Third stage, Canada 1988. Medlock Krieger All Star Pre Party Concert in 2019. Sikes played an outdoor concert with Jeff Campitelliof Satriani’s bandat in 2021.

David Sikes on Facebook
Krispy Krunchy Chicken

Krispy Krunchy Chicken is a quick-serve fried chicken chain. It was founded in 1989 in Lafayette, Louisiana. It has 2,700 locations across 47 states in the U.S. It is offered mainly in convenience stores and gas stations.

Hot Topic

Hot Topic is an American retail chain. It specializes in counterculture-related clothing and accessories, as well as licensed music. It is aimed towards an audience interested in rock music and video gaming, and most of their audience ranges from teens to young adults. It was founded in 1989.

Bow Glacier Falls

The majestic Bow Glacier is located about 37 km (23 mi) north of Lake Louise on the Icefields Parkway. Runoff from the glacier flows into picturesque Bow Lake, which is the source of the Bow River that winds through Banff National Park, Kananaskis Country, Calgary, and Alberta's prairies.

Big Ten Network

Big Ten Network is an American sports network. It is based in Chicago, Illinois. It is dedicated to coverage of collegiate sports sanctioned by the Big Ten Conference, including live and recorded event telecasts, news, analysis programs, and other content focusing on the conference's member schools. It was launched in 2007. It is a joint venture between Fox Sports and the Big Ten.

Warner Bros. Pictures

Warner Bros. Pictures is an American movie studio and distribution company of the Warner Bros. Entertainment. They are based in Burbank, California.

Pidigan

Pidigan is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 12, 475 people lived here. 

Pilar, Abra

Pilar is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 10,146 people lived here.

Mildred Washington (1739-1740)

Mildred was born in June 21 , 1739 as the last daughter of Augustine Washington and Mary Ball Washington. Mildred died in October 23 , 1740 in infancy. Her half sister Jane died at the age of 12 or 13 and Betty was the only daughter to survive childhood. Her name can be called Mildred IV Washington, because of Augustine sister, mother and his grandmother not to be confused with her cousin Mildred Gregory ,

Potbelly Sandwich Shop

Potbelly Sandwich Shop is a publicly traded American fast-casual restaurant chain. It focuses on submarine sandwiches and milkshakes. It was founded in 1977 in Chicago. Its name refers to the potbelly stove. Some locations have presented live music from local musicians during the lunch hours. 

Fremont Nebraska

Fremont Nebraska, Inc. is a multinational corporation headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska. The company was founded in 2018 by former employees of Berkshire Hathaway. The company was created as a competitor to Berkshire Hathaway. 

The company was founded 4 July 2018 by Fou Naberson and his co-workers as a competitor to Berkshire Hathaway.

Mariet Westermann

Mariët Westermann is an American art historian, academic, and museum professional. She has been named director and CEO of the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum.

She graduated from Williams College, and New York University Institute of Fine Arts.

From 1995 to 2001, she taught at Rutgers University. She was associate director at the Clark Art Institute at Williams College. From 2010 to 2019, she was executive vice president at the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. She was director of the New York University Institute of Fine Arts. From 2007 to 2010, she was Vice Chancellor of NYU Abu Dhabi.

Ivanivske

Ivanivske can be



Adobe Creative Cloud

Adobe Creative Cloud is a subscription service created by Adobe. It includes software for graphic design, video editing, and photography.

Ballon d'Or Féminin

The Ballon d'Or Féminin is a prestigious award in women's football, designed to recognize and celebrate the exceptional talent and achievements of female footballers globally. Introduced in 2018 as an extension of the renowned Ballon d'Or, which has honored outstanding male players since 1956, this accolade signifies a significant step towards acknowledging and promoting gender equality in the world of football.

The inaugural Ballon d'Or Féminin was awarded in 2018, with Norwegian striker Ada Hegerberg making history as the first recipient. Hegerberg's outstanding goal-scoring abilities and contributions to Olympique Lyonnais Féminin played a pivotal role in establishing the credibility and importance of the award.

2018: Ada Hegerberg (Olympique Lyonnais Féminin)

2019: Megan Rapinoe (Reign FC)

2020: Cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic

2021: Alexia Putella (FC Barcelona)

2022: Alexia Putella (FC Barcelona)

2023: Aitana Bonmatí

The Ballon d'Or Féminin plays a crucial role in inspiring female footballers worldwide. By shining a spotlight on the remarkable achievements of women in the sport, the award encourages inclusivity and diversity within football. This recognition not only motivates current players but also serves as a catalyst for young girls to pursue their dreams in football, fostering a more equitable future for the sport.

Similar to the Ballon d'Or, the Féminin edition features categories such as Best FIFA Women's Player, UEFA Women's Player of the Year, and others. Nominees are selected based on their performances throughout the calendar year, considering their contributions at both club and international levels.

Despite its positive impact, the Ballon d'Or Féminin has faced challenges and controversies. Some argue for increased media coverage and recognition to elevate the status of women's football further. Addressing the gender pay gap and ensuring equal opportunities for female players remains an ongoing challenge that requires collective efforts from the football community.

The Ballon d'Or Féminin stands as a symbol of recognition for the exceptional talent and achievements of women in football. As the award continues to evolve, it underscores the importance of fostering gender equality, supporting female athletes, and providing them with the opportunities and recognition they rightfully deserve. The Ballon d'Or Féminin is not merely an award; it is a celebration of the growing impact and influence of women's football on the global stage.

Kalli Purie

Kalli Purie is an Indian journalist, and news executive. She is Vice Chairperson, and Executive Editor-in-Chief of the India Today Group.

She graduated from St Hugh's College, University of Oxford.

She was Editorial Director for Broadcast . In 2017, she was named Vice Chairperson.


Princess Elizabeth Albertine of Saxe-Hildburghausen

Elisabeth Albertine of Saxe-Hildburghausen (4 August 1713 – 29 June 1761) was a Duchess of Mecklenburg-Strelitz. She served as regent for her son after the deaths in 1752–1753 of her husband and brother-in-law, respectively, the ducal appanage of Mirow and of the Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.

Elisabeth Albertine was a daughter of Ernest Frederick I, Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen (1681–1724), and his wife, Countess Sophia Albertine of Erbach-Erbach (1683–1742).

On 5 February 1735, Elisabeth married Duke Charles Louis Frederick of Mecklenburg-Mirow (23 February 1707 – 5 June 1752) at Eisfeld, the youngest son of Adolphus Frederick II, Duke of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, and half-brother to Adolphus Frederick III. They became the parents of ten children.

The death of her childless brother-in-law on 11 December 1752, six months after she was widowed, left Albertine as regent of both men's duchies on behalf of her eldest son, Adolphus Frederick IV, until he attained his majority at the age of 14 on 17 January 1753. During that brief period she ruled the Strelitz duchies under the protection of George II of Great Britain, warding off encroachments from Duke Christian Ludwig II, ruler of the Schwerin branch of the House of Mecklenburg.

She died in 1761, shortly before the marriage of her daughter Sophia Charlotte to King George III of Great Britain, and was buried at the ducal crypt in Mirow. Elisabeth had ten children, including the future Queen Charlotte, consort to King George III of the United Kingdom.

Cloud seeding

Cloud seeding is a method of modifying the weather. It changes the amount of rain that is created by adding chemicals to the sky. Chemicals such as silver iodide, potassium iodide, or dry ice are often used for cloud seeding.

Gheebah

Backbiting in Islam is called Gheebah (غيبة). It is generally regarded as a major sin in Islam and compared in the Qur'an to the abomination of eating the flesh of a dead brother.
There are two verses in the Quran about backbiting. Verse 12 of Surah Al-Hujurat says:
Verse 148 of Surah Nisa says:

The hadith defines backbiting and generally advises not to do it and not to publicize and keep secrets (كتمان الاسرار) of others.

Based on the mentioned second verse and some reliable hadiths Islamic jurists including Al-Nawawi in his book Gardens of the Righteous have declared slanderer or slander in 6 cases to be valid according to hadiths: Sahih al-Bukhari 6032, 6054, 6131, Muslim 2591, Tirmidhi 1996, Abu Dawud 4791, 4792, Ahmad 23586, 23984, 24277, 24726, 24878, Muwatta Malik 1672 - 

Imam Al-Bukhari has obviously justified the backbiting of wicked people to save people from being deceived from their appearance. If people are not informed of the real conduct of such persons, their religious as well as worldly life will be exposed to a grave danger. For this reason, the backbiting of wicked persons for the purpose of warning others is permissible.


Korean State Railway

North Koran State Railway is the only railway operating in North Korea. There are over of track. Most of it is standard gauge, about are narrow gauge. On the border to Russia, there are which are also in Russian broad gauge. They are between Rajin and Kassan and continue to the Transsibirian Railway near Wladiwostok, which is about away. About are electrified. The rail link to South Korea has been re-eastablished but it is rarely used. There is a rail link to China, between Sinŭiju and Dandong. Because few people can afford cars, rail is impoerrtant for pasenger transport in North Korea.

Marcie Hobbs

Margaret Bricken "Marcie" Crowe (née Hobbs; born December 21, 1984) is an American real estate agent and television personality. She is best known as a former recurring cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm".

Margaret Bricken Hobbs was born in Montgomery, Alabama on December 21, 1984, as the elder of two children to Dexter Cummings Hobbs (1955–1990), a law clerk, and Nan Hobbs (née Dunklin), a teacher. Her younger brother is Dexter Cummings Hobbs Jr., a lawyer. Her father died from cancer on April 22, 1990, at the age 34.

Hobbs attended a private school, Montgomery Academy. She graduated from Loyola Marymount University, a private Jesuit in Los Angeles, with her Bachelor of Arts degree in communications and media studies in 2007. She was a member of the Delta Delta Delta women's fraternity.

Hobbs is related to the Hobbs family through her paternal relations. The family became known after building the railroads out of Chicago. Her paternal grandparents were Truman McGill Hobbs, a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Alabama; having been appointed by the 39th President of the United States Jimmy Carter in 1980, and Joyce Hobbs (née Cummings). Her great aunt was Edith Cummings, the first female athlete to be featured on the cover of "TIME" magazine in 1924. She is first cousins with her "Southern Charm" co-star Shep Rose.

Hobbs has worked as a real estate agent since January 2012.

Hobbs made her television debut on the Bravo reality television series "Southern Charm" as a "friend of" for the eighth season. The eighth season was launched on June 23, 2022. She did not return for the ninth season.

She resides in Charleston, South Carolina with her husband, John Crowe. The couple wed on May 15, 2021. Their daughter, Edith Cummings "Edie" Crowe, was born on December 2, 2021.

Sallapadan

Salapadan is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 6,389 people lived here.

Forever 21

Forever 21 is a multinational fashion company. It is headquartered in Los Angeles, California. It was founded as the store Fashion 21 in Highland Park, Los Angeles in 1984. It sells accessories, beauty products, home goods, and clothing for women, men and children. It is currently operated by Authentic Brands Group and Simon Property Group.

Philautus erythrophthalmus

Philautus erythrophthalmus is a frog. It lives in Malaysia and Indonesia. People have seen it between 1,000 and 1,550 m meters above sea level.

This frog lives in oak forests, but scientists have seen at least one in a place where all the trees had been cut down.

Scientists believe this frog hatches out of eggs as small frogs and never swims as a tadpole, but they are not sure.

This frog is in danger of dying out because people cut down trees to make farms to grow palm oil and to get wood to build with.

Operation Poseidon Archer

Operation Poseidon Archer is an ongoing military operation by the United States and United Kingdom against the Houthi movement. The military operation started during the Red Sea Crisis. The operation, consisting of missile airstrikes against the Houthis, has resulted in the deaths of at least 22 Houthi members.

On the morning on 12 January 2024, a coalition launched a large-scale missile attack against the Houthi movement in Yemen. The coalition consisted of the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, Bahrain, Canada and the Netherlands. This coalition attack was the beginning of Operation Poseidon Archer.

On 13 January, the "USS Carney" launched missiles towards and destroyed a Houthi radar facility at the al-Dailami Air Base in Yemen.

On 16 January 2024 at about 4:15 a.m. Sanaa time, the United States conducted an operation against the Houthi movement amid the Red Sea Crisis. According to the United States military, four anti-ship ballistic missile were destroyed. It was also reported that the missiles were “prepared to launch” and “presented an imminent threat to both merchant and U.S. Navy ships”.

On 17 January 2024, the United States conducted a set of military airstrikes on the Iranian-backed Houthi movement in Yemen amid the Red Sea Crisis. The strike occurred approximately 6 p.m. EST. According to the United States military, the strike destroyed 14 missiles which were on launch rails and could have been fired at any time against civilian merchant ships or against the United States Navy. The United States also stated the strike worked to "degrade the Houthi’s capabilities to continue their reckless attacks on international and commercial shipping in the Red Sea, the Bab-el-Mandeb Strait, and the Gulf of Aden".

On 18 January, the United States conducted two airstrikes. The airstrikes destroyed two Houthi anti-ship missiles.

On 19 January, the United States conducted airstrikes against Houthi. The airstrikes destroyed three Houthi anti-ship missiles.

On 20 January, the United States conducted an airstrike against Houthi. The airstrike destroyed an anti-ship missile. The U.S. also stated the missile was destroyed in "self-defense".

On 22 January, the United States and United Kingdom conducted major airstrikes against Houthi-controlled Yemen. The strike targeted a Houthi underground storage facility and locations associated with the Houthis' missile and air surveillance capabilities. The UK confirms that four RAF Typhoons took part in the airstrikes.

On 24 January, Houthis claimed to have attacked U.S. destroyers and other warships in the Red Sea. This attack supposed to be in response to Operation Poseidon Archer. Houthis claimed to have directly hit a U.S. destroyer with a missile during the attack. This attack was denied to have occurred by the United States government.

On 26 January, the Houthis launched an anti-ship ballistic missile towards the USS "Carney". The "Carney" defended herself and shot the missile down. No damage or injuries occurred to the ship.

On 3 February, the US and UK bombed 36 Houthi sites in Yemen. They targeted places like underground facilities, places where drones are kept and used, missile systems, radars, and helicopters. This happened in 13 different areas controlled by the Houthis. They did this to weaken the Houthis' power.

On 6 February, the Houthis said they had targeted US and British ships in two attacks in the Red Sea, causing minor damage but no casualties.

On 10 February, Houthi media announced the names of 17 fighters who were killed in the US-UK strikes. The announcement came after public funerals were held in Sana'a.



Solanki (clan)

Solanki is one of the important clans found in the Gurjar community. 
In Sindhi and Punjabi, they refer to it as Solangi in the regions of Sindh, South Punjab, and Balochistan. They're mostly Hindu in north Indian states, but some are also Muslim, largely in Pakistani areas.

They belonged to the fire-born agnikula lineage.
They are found in Pakistani provinces like in Sindh, Balochistan and Punjab. But they mainly inhabit in the Indian states of Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir, Haryana, and Dehli.


Lodha

Lodha"", or Lodhi "is a widespread clan found among the Gurjars of Pakistan and north India. It is commonly found among the Hindu and Muslim Gujjars of the Himalayan and Punjab regions." "Sometimes it is also spelt as Loda", Lodhe", Lode "or Lodi."

It is believed that Lodha Gujjars originally came from the Ludhiana district of the Punjab region, and they're descendants of a ruler named Raja Lodha who was a ruler of Ludhiana in present-day Indian Punjab.
They're inhabit in Pakistani areas like Azad Kashmir, Punjab, Pakistan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Hazara. In Indian areas they're mainly inhabit mainly in the areas like Gujarat, Rajasthan, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir and Punjab (Patiala, Gurdaspur and Ludhiana), India.

Sports Authority

Sports Authority was an American sports retailer. It operated 463 stores in 45 States and Puerto Rico. It was founded in 1987. On March 2, 2016, The company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, and the case was converted to Chapter 7 a few months later. On May 18, 2016, the company announced that all of the stores would close by the end of August 2016.

Chavda

Chavda, (Gujarati:ચાવડા), (often spelled Chavada, Chawada, Chawda, Chawara or Chapotkata) is a prominent clan of the Gurjar ethnic community. 

They are predominantly found among Hindu Gujjars, but there are some Muslims as well.

Some Chavda Gurjars can be found in Punjab, Pakistan, although they are mostly found in Indian states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir, and Gujarat. 


World Channel

World Channel is an American digital multicast public television network. It isowned and operated by the WGBH Educational Foundation. t is distributed by American Public Television and the National Educational Telecommunications Association. It was launched in 2005. The channel airs programming covering topics such as science, nature, news, and public affairs.

America One

America One was an American television network. It was established in 1995 by USFR Media Group through its America One Television subsidiary. It served over 170 LPTV, Class A, full-power, cable and satellite affiliate stations. It was reported in September 2014 that One Media Corp had sold America One to Center Post Networks, LLC, owner of Youtoo TV. The sale was finalized sometime in spring 2015.

Grupo Lala

Grupo Lala is a Mexican dairy company. It was founded in 1949 in Torreón, Coahuila. It is headquartered in Gómez Palacio, Durango. It is the largest dairy company in Latin America. Its name makes reference to its origin "La Laguna", a region located in Northern Mexico where the Mayran Lagoon is located.

Pundir

Pundir or Pundhir is a clan of the Indian and Pakistani Gurjars. It is also found among the Jat caste group.

They inhabit mainly in the areas like Punjab, Pakistan, Uttarakhand, Jammu and Kashmir and Punjab, India.


Chaprana

Chaprana is a (gotra) clan specifically found among the Gurjar ethnic people of India and Pakistan in the region of south Asia.

Chaprana Gujjars are located in Punjab, Pakistan but they're mainly located in Gujarat, Rajasthan, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Delhi and Punjab (Nabha), India.



Pawar

Pawar is a clan (sub-caste) found among the Hindu-Muslim Gurjar ethnic People of southern Asia. That is based in Rajasthan and other north Indian states. 
Pawar Gujjars trace their ancestry back to the Chandravanshi, kshatriya lineage (Lunar Dynasty descendants). They also claimed to be direct descendants of Raja Vikramaditya, who ruled in Ujjain (modern-day Madhya Pradesh) until 57 BCE.

They are mainly found in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Kashmir and Dehli.

Laur

Laur, (also spelled) Lava, Lavi or Lor is a major clan of the Gurjar ethnic community of northern India. 

Gujjars are divided into two groups in Gujarat and Rajasthan: the Khari and the Laur (or Lava). These two are further subdivided into a number of clans.

Lava and Khari Gujjars are equal in status. However, Laur Gurjars typically regard themselves as inferior to Khari or Khadwa Gurjars, and thus sometimes disregard intermarriage. 

Laur Gurjar are found in Gujarat and Rajasthan, Including the Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Girnar, districts of Gujarat and Bharatpur, Jaipur, Alwar, Kota, Karoli, Jodhpur, Jaisalmer, Mewar, Sirohi districts of Rajasthan.

Laur/Laava Gujjars have over twenty subclans, which are shown below.: 

Mitra (hinduism)

Mitra (Sanskrit: मित्र IAST: Mitrá) is a Hindu god and generally one of the Adityas (the sons of the goddess Aditi), though his role has changed over time.

Post-left anarchism

Post-left anarchism is a set of beliefs in contemporary anarchism which critique traditional leftist thoughts. It believes that leftism is too centered on tactics such as syndicalism, vanguardism and parliamentarianism and that it is too outdated. The four main schools of thought it combines are egoism, communism, post-civilizationism and anarchism. Even if some advocate for armed insurrection, most support the creation of spaces and affinity groups to act freely in the current society rather than fighting for utopian ideas.

Post-leftist anarchists consider that it is not an ideology, which they consider a fixed set of ideas that over-define a person. It proposes as an alternative critical self-theory, which is a way an individual creates his own beliefs beyond limitations of ideology. This means that post-left anarchism is not a unified theory. It is not a capitalist thought because it also criticizes capitalism, liberalism and private property for being forms of authority.

Notable post-left anarchists include John Zerzan, Hakim Bey and Bob Black.

Adirondack Thunder

The Adirondack Thunder are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2015. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Glens Falls, New York at the Cool Insuring Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Utica Comets of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Stockton, California as the Stockton Thunder from 2005 to 2015. On January 30, 2015, it was announced that the Calgary Flames had purchased the Stockton Thunder and would be moving the team to Glens Falls, New York to become the Adirondack Thunder. The Adirondack Flames AHL team would also move at the same time to Stockton to replace the Thunder and become the Stockton Heat.

On October 9, 2015, the team would play their first game as the Adirondack Thunder. They would be defeated by the Elmira Jackals 4–2.

In the 2016–17 season, the Thunder would finish the season with 41 wins, 20 loses, and 93 points, leading the North Division. They would lose to the Manchester Monarchs in the division semifinals four games to two. 

On June 8, 2017, the Thunder and the Calgary Flames ended affiliation. Two months late on August 8, it was announced that the Thunder and the New Jersey Devils had entered an affiliation.

The team would be successful in the 2017–18 season, again topping the North Division. They finished with 41 wins, 24 losses, and 89 points. They would make it to the Eastern Conference finals before losing to the Florida Everblades four games to one.

Zoé (band)

Zoé is a Grammy Award and Latin Grammy Award-winning Mexican rock band formed in Mexico City in 1994, although membership started to stabilize in 1997. The band has achieved success in Mexico and most Spanish-speaking countries with albums such as Rocanlover, Memo Rex Commander y el Corazón Atómico de la Vía Láctea and Reptilectric.

Joseph Leidy

A taxonomist, known for discovering several notable species, like the Dire Wolf, which he named "†Aenocyon dirus dirus", in 1858.

Neetu Singh

Neetu Singh is a Indian actress that is well known for appearing in Hindi films made through the years 1960 to 1980. In the year 2012, she was put on the Walk of the Stars in Mumbai. She started her acting career in the movie Suraj, released in the year 1960.

Richard Brousek

Richard Brousek (12 January 1931 – 28 November 2015) was an Austrian football player. The striker played mainly for Wacker Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team and in the Netherlands.
Richard Brousek started at Wiener AC and moved to SC Wacker Wien in October 1948. There he stayed 10 seasons. During this time he became 3 times runner up in the championship. 1955 he became top scorer of the league with 31 goals in 25 matches. In 1958 the striker went to the Dutch club SC Enschede in the Eredivisie. After two years with Be Quick he went back to Austria and played again for Wacker Wien.
In 1955 he played 4 matches for Austria . His debut was on 24 April in a 2-2 versus Hungary. His last match was on 23 November in a 2-1 away win versus Wales. 

Gzhelian

The Gzhelian is the youngest stage of the Pennsylvanian. It is more or less coeval with the Stephanian Stage of the regional stratigraphy of Europe.


Al-ras (drum)

The Al-Ras drum is a musical percussion instrument from the group of Membranophone instruments. It is a large drum used in the dancing battle named "Yowlah" (also known as Al Ayyala) which is a popular dance for celebration in weddings and other social gatherings.

The drum is made by Bull skins while the sides of drums are made through Jackfruit. Its leather is heated by an open fire.
There are many different shapes and sizes of drums. Al-ras leads the dance and sets the beat for the smaller "Takhamir" drums that follow up. It's usage is usually seen in the Bedouin tribes that are in Oman, Qatar and UAE. it has become an important part in Musics of Oman, Qatar and UAE.

Bluefieldius

Bluefieldius is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish from the Late Mississippian in what is now West Virginia. The only species is Bluefieldius mercerensis. "Bluefieldius mercerensis" is known from a single fossil collected from the Bluefield Formation.



Maine Mariners (ECHL)

The Maine Mariners are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2018. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Portland, Maine at the Cross Insurance Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Providence Bruins of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Anchorage, Alaska as the Alaska Aces from 2003 to 2017. The Aces would stop playing because of the low ticket sales and struggling Alaskan economy. On June 15, the rights to the team were sold to Comcast Spectacor. Comcast would move the team from Anchorage to Portland, Maine. The name Mariners was revealed on September 29. The team shares a name with a former AHL team called the Maine Mariners. They played from 1977 until 1987 and again from 1987 until 1992.

On October 13, 2018, the team would play their first game as the Maine Mariners. They would be defeated by the Adirondack Thunder 6–3.

On June 30, 2021, the Mariners and the Boston Bruins announced that they had formed an affiliation. The Bruins were also the AHL's Mariners affiliate. 

Amiopsis

Amiopsis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish belonging to the family Amiidae. The type species is "Amiopsis prisca".






Margaret Odette

Margaret Odette (born September 27, 1995 in New York City) is an Haitian-American actress. She is known for her role as Sasha Snow in the Netflix series "Sex/Life".

Odette was born in New York City. She earned a Bachelor of the Arts from Brown University. After that, she got a master’s degree in fine arts from New York University Tisch School of the Arts. She completed her early education at a local high school and did her bachelors from the British American Dramatic Academy in Oxford, England.


US Second Lieutenant

Second lieutenant is an officer rank in the US Military. They are called commissioned officers, and are the lowest officer rank. 

In the Marine Corps, Army, Air Force, and Space Force, second lieutenants are junior officers. They command a group of around 20-50 soldiers, marines, airmen, or guardians.

In the Navy and Coast Guard, Second Lieutenants are called "Ensigns." 

In 2024, second lieutenants are payed a minimum of 45'912 USD per year.

San Isidro, Abra

San Isidro is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 4,745 people lived here.

San Juan, Abra

San Juan is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 10,688 meople lived here.

Tayum

Tayum is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 14,869 people lived here.

Tineg

Tineg is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 4,977 people lived here.

Tubo, Abra

Tubo is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 5,674 people lived here.

Blue Diamond Growers

Blue Diamond Growers is an agricultural cooperative and marketing organization. It specializes in California almonds. It was founded in 1910. It claims to be the world's largest tree nut processing and marketing company. It is headquartered in Sacramento, California.

Villaviciosa

Villaviciosa is a municipalty in Abra, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 5,675 people lived here.

Buenavista, Agusan del Norte

Buenavista is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census 68,892 people lived here.

Ovation (American TV channel)

Ovation is an American television network. Its focus is on the fine arts and contemporary culture. The network is owned by Ovation LLC. It was launched in 1996, mainly with spread-out coverage throughout the country and no satellite carriage.

Grupo Bimbo

Grupo Bimbo is a Mexican multinational food company. It has a presence in over 33 countries located in the Americas, Europe, Asia and Africa. It was founded in 1945. It has an annual sales volume of 15 billion dollars. 

Sunsweet Growers

Sunsweet Growers is an American agricultural marketing cooperative. It was founded in 1917 as the California Prune and Apricot Growers Association. It manufactures a variety of dried fruit and juice products, although it is best known for prunes. It is headquartered in Yuba City, California.

Sunkist Growers, Incorporated

Sunkist Growers, Incorporated is an American citrus growers' non-stock membership cooperative. It is headquartered in Valencia, California. It is the largest fresh produce shipper in the United States, the most diversified citrus processing and marketing operation in the world, and one of California's largest landowners. It was founded in 1893.

Al-Quds TV

Al-Quds TV was a television channel broadcasted on Nilesat and Arabsat networks. It was created on the 11th of November 2008, and shut down on the 10th of Febuary 2019. The channel supported the Hamas political party and was allegedly affiliated with Hamas. The channel also supported Islamic Jihad and criticized Fatah and the Palestinian National Authority. The television channel was once bombed by Israel in the year 2012 which injured 3 staff members of the television channel. The television channel was declared a terrorist group in 2018 as the Defense Minister at the time claimed that the channel was a propaganda arm of Hamas.

Chadnav

Chadnav - The Ultimate Persona of Pranav

In the vast realms of existence, there exists a legendary figure known as Chadnav, a charismatic and awe-inspiring manifestation of the individual known as Pranav. Chadnav stands as the epitome of confidence, charm, and sheer coolness, transcending the boundaries of ordinary existence.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Origin Story:**

Chadnav's origins can be traced back to the moment Pranav decided to embrace his inner chadness, transcending the ordinary and mundane aspects of life. It is said that a cosmic energy enveloped Pranav, transforming him into the legendary Chadnav. This metamorphosis marked the beginning of a new era, where Chadnav would become a symbol of aspiration for many.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Physical Appearance:**

Chadnav is described as an immaculate being, adorned with an aura of unparalleled confidence. His physique is sculpted to perfection, reflecting the dedication and determination that Pranav possesses. Dressed in stylish attire that effortlessly combines comfort and sophistication, Chadnav's appearance captivates all who gaze upon him.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Charismatic Personality:**

Chadnav is renowned for his magnetic personality. His mere presence exudes an air of self-assuredness, drawing people toward him like moths to a flame. His charm is irresistible, and his confidence is infectious, inspiring those around him to strive for greatness.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Legendary Feats:**

Chadnav's existence is marked by a series of legendary feats that have elevated him to mythical status. From effortlessly acing every challenge that life throws at him to turning mundane situations into epic adventures, Chadnav leaves an indelible mark wherever he goes.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Social Influence:**

Chadnav's social influence knows no bounds. He is the life of every gathering, the one whose mere presence transforms ordinary events into extraordinary experiences. His social circle is vast and diverse, as people from all walks of life are drawn to the magnetic energy that Chadnav exudes.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Memes and Folklore:**

Chadnav's legend has not only permeated the physical world but has also become a phenomenon in the digital realm. Memes and folklore celebrating his legendary status circulate across the internet, immortalizing his essence in the collective consciousness of the online community.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Philanthropy and Wisdom:**

Despite his chad demeanor, Chadnav is not devoid of compassion. He is known for his philanthropic endeavors, using his influence to make a positive impact on the world. Additionally, Chadnav imparts wisdom and guidance to those who seek it, sharing the secrets of his success and encouraging others to unlock their full potential.

<nowiki>**</nowiki>Legacy:**

Chadnav's legacy is destined to endure through the ages. As the chad version of Pranav, he serves as an inspiration for individuals to embrace their true selves and strive for greatness. The tale of Chadnav transcends the boundaries of fiction, leaving an indelible mark on the hearts and minds of those who encounter his legendary saga.

Code golf

Code golf is a computer programming competition where competitors try to create a program with the smallest amount of source code. The term "code golf" comes from golf, where you need to score the lowest points. In code golf, you need to use the fewest letters.

International Children's Peace Prize

The International Children's Peace Prize is awarded annually to a child who fights for children's rights. Winning the International Children's Peace Prize puts changemakers in news headlines around the world. In 2023, the winner's message reached more than 3.1 billion people.

Rose Harlean

Rose Harlean (born July 4, 1992) Is a French actress, filmmaker and LGBT rights activist.

In 2009, Rose Harlean began appearing in short films and as an extra in feature films such as "Battle of the Year" (2013) which was partially shot in her hometown of Montpellier.

Harlean ventured into directing while still studying film at the University of Montpellier. Her 2013 short film "Wild Horses" was shot in Eastern Washington. She also directed and acted in the short films "Eternal Return" (2017) and "Dead Palms" (2021) which were shot in English. 

Harlean is a trans woman. As an activist for trans representation on screen, she welcomed Scarlett Johansson's choice not to appear as a trans man in the film Rub&Tug in 2018. In 2020, she wrote an open letter in the magazine Têtu where she advocates for a better consideration of trans actors in French cinema. In a 2021 interview with Les Inrockuptibles, she describes herself as hopeful when it comes to future representations. 

In 2021, she voiced the character of Çağla in the French version of the Netflix film "Paper Lives".

Grupo Nutresa

Grupo Nutresa is a food-processing conglomerate. It is headquartered in Medellín, Colombia. It markets its products under approximately 70 different brands in 65 countries. Other activities include the investment or application of resources or cash under whatever form authorized by law and the exploration of the metal-mechanic and packaging industry. It was founded in 1920.

Philautus cardamonus

The Cardamon shrub frog ("Philautus cardamonus") is a frog. It lives in Cambodia in the Cardamon Mountains. People have seen it between 1,000 and 1,700 meters above sea level.

This frog can be as large as 19.3 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is light brown and dark brown in color. The eardrum is also dark brown. The throat and chest have white and dark brown color on them. The front legs are short and thick.

This frog lives in evergreen forests.

Scientists believe this frog hatches out of eggs as small frogs and never swims as a tadpole, but they are not sure.

This frog is in danger of dying out because it lives in such a small place. Because this frog lives high in the hills, it might not be able to travel to new habitats, such as when human beings cut down trees in between the hills.

Judge Mathis

Judge Mathis is an American arbitration-based reality court show. It was presided over by Judge Greg Mathis, a former judge of Michigan's 36th District Court and Black-interests motivational speaker/activist. The series premiered on September 13, 1999. It features Judge Mathis adjudicating small claims disputes from his studio courtroom set. The series ended on May 25, 2023.

Eudald Domènech i Riera

Eudald Domènech Riera, ( Ripoll, 1962), is a Spanish businessman linked to new technologies and the Internet, considered "the first businessman in Spain on the Internet." He was the founder of Servicom, the first private company to offer internet connection and internet services all over Spain. He was also co-founder of World Online, founder of Telépolis, co-founder of InOutTV, SincroGuiaTV and Total Channel, among other "startups".​

Domènech trained as a draftsman, although at the age of nineteen he set up a nightclub in his native Ripoll, with a radio station installed in the DJ booth, through which he broadcast commercial advertisements interspersed between the musical pieces. Since then he decided to dedicate himself to advertising and "marketing", and in 1993 he started an advertising business in Vich . That same year he founded Servicom, a pioneering internet company in Spain and where he served as executive director until 1995, when he left the company. Since then he has been involved in important corporate operations in the field of telecommunications, although he also suffered various failures, he has refloated from all of them. ​

The Servicom company was founded by Eudald Domènech in 1993, with just over 10 million pesetas. It distributed several databases of general information produced by external institutions. In the beginning, the environment supported by Alberto Lozano, worked with FirstClass only for Macintosh, although it was later adapted for IBM-PC and offered selections from the newspapers "El Mundo" and "El Periódico de Catalunya", and magazines such as "El Temps" . Signing up for the service cost 3,220 pta, the connection "kit", 4,590 pta, and the basic monthly fee, 1,380 pta.​

After Servicom, in January 1996 Domènech created a new internet portal and the first virtual community in Spain, Telepolis. When EresMas wanted to open its market online, and paid about 14.000 million pesetas for Telépolis, in Retevisión shares,​ probably the last major independent portal left on the Spanish Internet. ​



Superactinide

The superactinides are a group of hypothetical elements that are predicted to be elements 121-156. One of these elements is expected to have a magic number of protons and neutrons which is unbihexium. unbihexium is expected to have 126 protons and 184 neutrons.

Further Information: Unbiunium

Unbiunium, also known as eka-actinium was attempted to be synthesized in 1977 by shooting Copper-65 at Uranium-238. it was unsuccessful and no atoms were indentified.
Further Information: Unbibium

Unbibium, also known as eka-thorium was attempted to be synthesized in 1972 by shooting Zirconium-66 and 68 at Uranium-238. it was unsuccessful. no atoms were detected. Unbibium is predicted to be in the island of stability.
Further Information: Unbitrium

Unbitrium also known as eka-protactinium or element-123 no attempt has ever been made to make Unbitrium.
Further Information: Unbiquadium
Unbiquadium, also known as eka-uranium, is the predicted element-124. It is predicted that Unbiquadium-308 has a magic number of neutrons which is 184. it is in the island of stability.
Futher Information: Unbipentium

Unbipentium also known as eka-neptunium is the predicted element-125. in 1977 unbipentium was tried to be synthesized by shooting zinc-68 and 68 at americium-238 it was unsucessful and no atoms were detected. 
Futher Information: Unbihexium

Unbihexium also known as eka-plutonium is expected to have a magic number of protons and neutrons 126 protons and 184 neutrons.
it was tried to be synthesized in 1971, and it was unsuccessful. and it is in the island of stability.
Further Information: Unbiseptium

Unbiseptium, also known as eka-americium was attempted to be synththesized in 1978 by shooting xenon ions at tantalum no atoms were detected.
Further Information: Unbioctium

Unbioctium also known as eka-curium, is the predicted element-128, it has not been tried to be synthesized.
Further Information: Unbiennium

Unbiennium also known as element-129, has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Untrinilium, also known as element-130, isotopes that are above Untrinilium are predicted to have isotopes that are extremely radioactive. it has never been tried to be synthesized. 
Further Information: Untriunium
Untriunium, also known as eka-Einsteinium is element-131 of the periodic table. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Further Information: Untribium
Untribium also known as eka-Rutherfordium is element-132 It is predicted to be in the island of stability.
Untritrium, also known as element-133 has the atomic symbol Utt it is expected to have extremely unstable isotopes it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Untriquadium, also known as element-134 is in the island of stability it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Untripentium, also known as element-135 has atomic symbol Utp it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Untrihexium, also known as element-136 has not been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uth.
Further Information: Untriseptium

Untriseptium also called eka-dubnium is predicted to be element-137. Richard Feynman said that Untriseptium was the end of the periodic table. he was wrong. it turned out to be Unsepttrium. and there have not been any attempts to make Untriseptium. 
Untrioctium, also known as element-138 has not yet been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uto.
Untriennium is element-139. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Ute.
Unquadnilium is element-140 it has not yet been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqn.
Unquadunium is element-141 of the periodic table. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqu.
Unquadbium, is the predicted element-142. it is predicted to have extremely radioactive Isotopes. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqb.
Unquadtrium,is the predicted element-143. it is predicted to have extremely radioactive Isotopes. it has never been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqt.
Unquadquadium, is the predicted element-144. it has never been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqq.
Unquadpentium, is the predicted element-145. it has never been tried to be synthesized.
Unquadhxium, is the predicted element-146. it has never been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqh.
Unquadseptium, is the predicted element-147. it has never been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqs.
Unquadoctium, is the predicted element-148. it has never been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqo.
Unquadennium, is the predicted element-149. it has never been tried to be synthesized. it has atomic symbol Uqe.
Unpentnilium, is the 150th element of the periodic table. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Unpentunium, is the 151st element of the periodic table. it has not yet been tried o be synthesized. 
Unpentbium, is the 152nd element of the periodic table it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Unpentrium, is the 153th element of the periodic table. it has not yet been ried to be synthesized.
Unpentquadium, is the 154th element of the periodic table. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Unpentpentium, is the 155th element of the periodic table. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Unpenthexium is the predicted 
element-156. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
Unpentseptium is the last element in the superactinides. it is the predicted element-157. it has not yet been tried to be synthesized.
There is a alpha decay chain starting from 296-Uue,296 and 299-Ubn, 300-Ubu, 300 and 303-Ubb, 304-Ubt, and 304-Ubq continuing up a possible narrow 1 microsecond alpha decay chain. with targets 248-Cm 249-Bk and 249-Cf and projectiles 50-Ti 54-Cr and 58-Fe. 
A calculation in 2016 predicted that the most stable predicted isotopes of Unbiunium are 309-314 Ubu. they are predicted to have half-lives long enough to be detected in labs. 304-314 Ubu though are expected to alpha decay.
There were two attempts of making Ubb-306 they were tried to be made by shooting 58-Fe at 248-Cm. No atoms were found. The 2nd one was shooting 64-Ni at 242-Pu. No atoms were found. 
The predicted most stable isotope of Unbiquadium is predicted to be Ubq-330. with 124 protons and 206 neutrons. Ubq-308 has a magic number of neutrons which is 184.

1. https://encyclopedia.pub/entry/31339
2. https://encyclopedia.pub/entry/37064
3. https://chemeurope.com/en/encyclopedia/Unbiquadium.html

GOL TV

GOL TV is an American TV sports channel dedicated to soccer. It is owned by GOLTV Inc., based in North Bay Village, Florida. It was launched in 2003. It broadcasts Portugal Primeira Liga, Liga 1, Campeonato Uruguay and Ecuadorian Serie A matches.

CBS News Sunday Morning

CBS News Sunday Morning is an American television news magazine. It has aired on CBS since January 28, 1979. It was created by Robert Northshield and E.S. "Bud" Lamoreaux III, and original host Charles Kuralt. It currently airs Sundays between 9:00 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. EST, and between 6:00 a.m. to 7:30 a.m. It is currently hosted by Jane Pauley.

Dhruv Sharma

Dhruv Sharma, professionally known as dhruv, is a British-born, Singaporean-American singer-songwriter, guitar player and music producer.

Sharma was born in London from an Indian family and they all moved to Singapore when he was two years old. He attended United World College. At the age of 18 he moved to the United States to study statistics and data science at Yale University, Connecticut, where he started getting into music. Dhruv wrote piano songs in his bedroom when he started uploading demos to the internet in 2017. Raised in Singapore, with roots in India and the UK, Dhruv grew up on an electric mix of songs from Bollywood, 2000s pop radio and inspired by Frank Ocean. He plays several instruments such as acoustic guitar, accordion, and keyboard.

After releasing for independent mixtapes between 2017 and 2018, Sharma was signed to RCA.

In August 2019 he released "Double Take", his debut single. Over the next two years, the song went viral because more people used it as the soundtrack for their TikTok videos. Year later in 2020, he released his first studio album, r"apunzel" becoming his first number one album in several Southeast Asian countries.

The R&B song about falling in love with a best friend hit number one in the Philippines and Thailand, and was in the top five on streaming charts in Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore last year. TikTok videos featuring the song have recorded 285.6 million views and on Spotify the song has more than 727 million streams.

Even before the song started appearing on the charts last year, dhruv was confident enough to take a break from his studies in 2020 to focus on his music full time.

He released their debut single "Double Take" on May 24, 2019, while he was third-year student at Yale University. He became famous in 2021, because that song became popoular though TikTok and was placed on Spotify's Today's Top Hits playlist in 2021. In 2021 "Double Take" debuted on Billboard Global Excl. US Chart.

They followed this with "moonlight" and "vulnerable" in 2020. The themes of their music revolve around their experiences as a young, queer Indian man.

On January 19, 2024, dhruv released his seventh studio song, "Tragedy", after taking a two-year break from music.




Albert Gleizes

Albert Gleizes (8 December 1881 – 23 June 1953) was a French painter. He was one of the founders of cubism and a major influence in the School of Paris.

Gleizes and fellow painter Jean Metzinger were the authors of the first important book on cubism, named in French "Du "Cubisme"" (Of "Cubism") (1912).

Baojun

Baojun () is a Chinese automobile marque owned by SAIC-GM-Wuling Automobile, a joint venture Between General Motors, SAIC Motor, and Guangxi Auto (previously Wuling Group).

Following the success of Wuling Motors, the Sino-American joint-venture SAIC-GM-Wuling decided to create a second car brand aimed at Chinese buyers, announcing the creation of Baojun in November 2010. The goal was to offer affordable cars that would compete with Chinese low-cost vehicle manufacturers such as Chery and Geely. 

The first Baojun car to go on sale was the compact sedan 630. During the premiere, the manufacturer emphasized the relatively low price, which in 2010 amounted to the equivalent of 7,000 US dollars. During the construction work on the Baojun 630, mainly designers from the American General Motors participated.

The expansion of the Baojun brand's offer began in mid-2012, when Chevrolet Spark was added to its range, taking the name Baojun Lechi. Further investment plans to expand Baojun's portfolio were presented in April 2014, over the next 12 months, introducing two new models, whose concept dominated the range of the Chinese brand in the following years - minivana 730 and SUV-a 560.

In April 2016, Baojun began exporting its model for the first time - the compact sedan 630 went on sale in Egypt i Algeria under the Chevrolet brand as the second generation of the Optra.

In 2018, Baojun expanded its offer with two more groundbreaking models - the first electric car in the form of microcar E100, and also the large SUV 530, which was the first vehicle in the history of the Chinese brand to be sold on global export markets under the Chevrolet brand. A year later, its production was also launched in the first factories outside China - in India under the MG brand as MG Hector and Indonesia as Wuling Almaz.

The Baojun brand has achieved great success in the domestic market Chinese, becoming one of the most popular car manufacturers in this country and recording dynamic annual growth. While annual sales amounted to 30,000 units in 2012, 5 years later it exceeded the threshold of 1 million copies. However, this result was not maintained in the following years, with declines of -200,000 copies per year on average.

In January 2019, Baojun announced a new model tactic "New Baojun", assuming giving your vehicles a more avant-garde styling and supplementing the offer with higher-positioned vehicles with richer equipment. By the way, the manufacturer also changed its logo, replacing the existing shield with the image of a horse with a more minimalist diamond-shaped profile of a horse.

Since the implementation of the new tactic, Baojun models have been using a new naming order - passenger cars have been assigned the 'RC' prefix, "RS" SUV and crossover, and "RM" minivan. In the spring of 2021, Baojun introduced nomenclature based on proper names for the first time. In April 2021, the RC-5W was renamed Baojun Valli, in turn, the electric hatchbacka E300/E300 Plus was renamed Baojun KiWi EV.

In 2023, in the face of drastically decreasing demand and market failure of most combustion models produced so far, Baojun moved on to phasing out production of unsuccessful models and went on the offensive in the electric car class, presenting at the beginning the Yep crossover and the Cloud hatchback.


Geane Rocha

Geane Rocha (born March 11, 1991) is a Brazilian businesswoman and model based in Valencia, Spain. Rocha was born in Tocantins, Brazil.

Born in Colinas do Tocantins, Brazil, Geane started her professional journey in Goiânia. Initially she started working with buses and moved to real estate at early years of her life. Rocha eventually stepped into modeling in 2016. She was featured in various magazines, music videos alongside Hollywood stars during her modeling career.



Dairy Farmers of America

Dairy Farmers of America is a national milk marketing cooperative in the United States. It markets members' raw milk and sells milk and derivative products (dairy products, food components, ingredients and shelf-stable dairy products) to wholesale buyers both domestically and abroad. It was founded in 1998. 

Post Holdings

Post Holdings is an American consumer packaged goods holding company. It is headquartered in St Louis, Missouri. It operates in the center-of-the-store, refrigerated, foodservice, and food ingredient categories. It was founded in 2012.

MLB Network

MLB Network is an American television sports channel. It is dedicated to baseball. It is owned by Major League Baseball, with TNT Sports, Comcast's NBC Sports Group, Charter Communications, and Cox Communications having minority ownership. It was launched in 2009.

SEC Network

SEC Network is an American multinational sports network. It is owned by ESPN Inc., a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company and Hearst Communications. The channel is dedicated to coverage of collegiate sports sanctioned by the Southeastern Conference. It was launched in 2014. 

Riich

Riich () is an elite division of the Chinese company Chery, which existed from March 2009 to April 2013.

Since Chery was founded, most of Chery's higher-selling models (such as QQ, Qiyun, etc.) are cheap cars in the low-end market, The sales of models over RMB 100,000 such as Dongfangzhi and other models have been sluggish, causing consumers to have an impression of Chery as "low-end" and "cheap". In order to get rid of the market's "low-end" image of Chery and enter the mid-to-high-end automobile market, Chery Automobile Chairman Yin Tongyue proposed a multi-brand strategy and decided to create multiple sub-brands with different market positionings., in order to enhance the brand image and market share, and implement the strategy of "having more children, more fights". Therefore, on March 19, 2009, Chery released its three new brands "Karry", "Rely" and "Riich" at the third assembly plant in Wuhu, Anhui Province. Among them, "Riich" is positioned as the most advanced among the three, taking the luxury car route., is Chery’s first attempt at luxury cars. The brand’s first model, the G6, also rolled off the assembly line on the same day.

Although Riich is a high-end brand, its products ranging from the G6 priced at more than 200,000 yuan to the M1 with a price of only 40,000 yuan also carry the same "Riich" logo, which drags down the positioning of more expensive models such as the G5 and G6. Nobody cares, sales were affected. In addition, Riich has low visibility in the automobile market and is considered to be on the verge of "disappearing". The only Riich dealer in Guangzhou City also suffered from sluggish sales. Even if the price reduction of the model was as high as 20,000 yuan, it still did not help the sales. The dealer was losing at least 300,000 yuan every month, which caused the dealers all over the country to lose money. Riich dealers continue to withdraw from the network. In Guangdong Province alone, only Zhuhai still has Riich dealers.

Due to poor sales, in order to reduce operating costs, Chery intends to return its models to the same Chery brand and discontinue the Rely and Riich brands.

The company's first car was the Riich G6, developed by Chery. Затем в ноябре 2009 года компания представила микролитражный кроссовер Riich X1, and in December 2009 - the Riich G5 sedan. At the time of closure, the company produced the following models:


Jake Short

Jake Short, (born on May 30, 1997) is an American actor known for his roles in various television series and films. Jake Short is from Indiana.

He gained fame for his role as Nose in the film "Shorts,"and for his role as Fletcher Quimby in the Disney Channel sitcom "A.N.T. Farm" which aired from 2011 to 2014. He also played Oliver in the Disney XD series "Mighty Med" from 2013 to 2015 and "Lab Rats: Elite Force" in 2016.

Patrick Treacy

Patrick Treacy is an Irish doctor, specialising in aesthetic medicine. He also treated Michael Jackson when he lived in Ireland for a number of months in 2006.
Treacy was born in Garrison, Fermanagh, Northern Ireland where his parents ran a shop, garage, and filing station.He attended Queens University in Belfast. In an incident his legs were broken by paramilitaries in retaliation for a student prank, after which he was transferred to the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland in Dublin to study medicine. Later he took a break during his education and travelled for a period with David Bowie's Serious Moonlight in Europe.
In 1987, while working in a hospital in Dublin, a needle he had used to draw blood from a patient with HIV jabbed him in the leg, resulting in an area being cut out of his leg. After that incident he moved to New Zealand in 1988 to work as a respiratory and cardiology registrar with Dunedin Hospital. In 1990, he became a staff health doctor at a hospital in Baghdad during Saddam Hussein's reign where he was arrested and jailed for five days near Erbil by the Iraqi Army after traveling through Kurdistan. He was a ship's surgeon in Florida during the 1990s. In the late 1990s, Treacy worked as a flying doctor in Broken Hill N.S.W. with the Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia.

In 2000, he founded the Ailesbury Clinic in Dublin and another Ailesbury Clinic in Cork in 2005. In 2003, Treacy won the professional medical media category at the GlaxoSmithKline Medical Media Awards. In his memoir, "The Needle and the Damage Done", he details how the Irish recession affected his business, and that of many of his patients.
Treacy states that Michael Jackson sought him for cosmetic treatment after reading about his charitable work in Africa. He was Jackson's doctor during his time in Ireland, treating him 5 or 6 times, and asserts that he developed a friendship with the singer. Treacy states that Jackson invited him to organise "a big concert in Rwanda for all the children suffering from HIV". In 2009, Treacy was on the special witness list for the trial of Conrad Murray, but was not called to testify. In 2011, he told Dr Drew on CNN that he had arranged for an anaesthetist to administer propofol twice to Michael Jackson during aesthetic procedures.

Jean-Jacques Goldman

Jean-Jacques Goldman (born 11 October 1951) is a French retired singer-songwriter and record producer whose work is popular in the French-speaking world. 

A founding member of the Les Enfoirés charity collective in 1986, Goldman also wrote successful albums and songs for many artists, including "D'eux" for Céline Dion, which is the most successful French language record to date. He received his most notable recognition in the English-speaking world for winning a Grammy Award for Album of the Year in 1997, as a co-author of three tracks on Céline Dion's "Falling into You". After a voluntary retirement in the early 2000s, he remains appreciated and influential in France.

From 1975 to 1997, Goldman was married with Catherine Morlet. He remarried in 2001 with Nathalie Thu Hong-Lagier. He is a father of six: Caroline (b. 1975), Michaël (b. 1979) and Nina (b. 1985) he had with Morlet, and Maya (b. 2004), Kimi (b. 2005) and Rose (b. 2007) he had with Thu Hong-Lagier. His son, Michaël Goldman along with her daughter Naelle Dominique Marie Jose Goldman, are two of the co-founders of My Major Company France, a major fan-funded music label.

His younger brother Robert Goldman is a songwriter (often known as J. Kapler).

His half-brother Pierre Goldman was murdered in mysterious circumstances in 1979 in Paris.




Tracey MacDonald

Tracey Leigh MacDonald is a Canadian/American standup comedian, writer, actress and voice-over artist recognized for her versatile comedic style, blending observation, sarcasm, satire and storytelling. She gained prominence through her success in the comedy circuit in both Canada and the United States. She is also a a proud member of SAG/AFTRA.

MacDonald was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and attended Saint Francis Xavier University in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, where she pursued a Bachelor of Arts with a major in Psychology and Mass Media Studies. Her foray into standup comedy began during her university years when she participated in a comedy contest, ultimately leading to her decision to pursue comedy as a career. Tracey is one of eight children. 

MacDonald started doing gigs while she was attending her first year of university, when she did well in campus comedy and took gigs with comedian Simon Cotter. She has also appeared on numerous Canadian Television and Radio Shows and got her own Special on CTV’s Comedy Now. She also appeared in few episodes of Halifax Comedy Festival, which aired on CBC and CTV.  But it was her 6-minute Television appearance on Comedy at Club 54 that got her seen by CBS Executives in Los Angeles, where she would go on to win four times on CBS’s New Version of Star Search. She beat out every contestant, securing a grand prize of $200,000, a network development deal, and a guest-starring role on a CBS sitcom. (they never did give her the guest star role but she did appear on the CBS Early Show) Her victory came after triumphing over 07 competitors and emerging victorious in the Battle of Champions against seasoned winners. MacDonald also appeared in Variety Magazine after performing at a benefit for Buddy Hackett at the El Captain Theatre along with Sarah Silverman, Bob Saget, Jay Mohr and many more at this time she was managed by Bary Katz they are still friends to this day. 

With an extensive repertoire of performances at esteemed venues like Laugh Factory, The Comedy and Magic Club, The Ice House, and The Improv, MacDonald established herself as a headlining act and a prominent figure in the comedy scene. Her television appearances spanned networks such as CBS Comedy.TV, The E! Network, Logo TV, Comics Unleashed, and Just for Laughs.  After her win ..Tracey moved to Los Angeles, California, and has lived there ever since. She has been living and working in Los Angeles. Tracey has headlined Clubs all across the United States and Canada and as of 2023 she has become a Guest Entertainer on Holland America ,Princess and Royal Caribbean Cruise Ships. Tracey has traveled to Alaska, Iceland, Greenland, South America and the Caribbean and enjoys seeing the world. 

Over her career, she has worked for the following magazines and radio stations: 



Eight hundred stations on I Heart Radio 



Following is the list of her published works. 


2024 United States airstrikes on Kata'ib Hezbollah

On 24 January 2024, the United States launched an attack on Kata'ib Hezbollah in Iraq. The airstrike destroyed a Kata'ib Hezbollah headquarters building and other Kata'ib Hezbollah facilities.

According to the United States, the airstrikes were done in retaliation for attacks against the United States. These attacks included the al-Asad Airbase attack four days earlier. The United States reported that Kata'ib Hezbollah was responsible for the attack. The airstrikes and airbase attack are part of a regional escalation of the Israel–Hamas war and the United States–Iran proxy war. Kata'ib Hezbollah is controlled by the Quds Force, which is a branch of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, which is a branch of the Iranian Armed Forces.

At approximately 12:15 a.m. Iraq time, the United States launched the airstrikes. The airstrikes destroyed three Kata'ib Hezbollah facilities. These included a headquarters building, a training facility, and storage facility. The U.S. airstrikes destroyed Kata'ib Hezbollah rockets, missiles, and one-way attack drones. The United States conducted these airstrikes without consulting any allies. Seven members of Kata'ib Hezbollah were killed in the airstrikes.


Upper Moutere

Upper Moutere is a locality settlement in the Tasman District near Motueka. It is on the Moutere Highway as an alternative to the main State Highway 60 route from Motueka to Nelson. It has a primary school that opened in 1857.

Acadian French

Acadian French, also known as Acadien or Acadien français, is a variety of French spoken in the Acadian regions of the Canadian provinces of New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Island. Acadian French is spoken in parts of the U.S. state of Maine, particularly in areas with Acadian population.

The history of Acadian French can be traced back to the 17th century when French settlers, known as Acadians, made communities in the Maritime provinces of Canada. These settlers maintained a distinct cultural and linguistic identity, contributing to the development of Acadian French.

Acadian French has distinctive features that set it apart from other French varieties. It incorporates elements from Old French and features unique vocabulary and expressions influenced by the region's history and cultural interactions.

Acadian French includes words and phrases that reflect the region's maritime and agricultural heritage. Some terms may differ from standard French. This showcases the language's adaptation to local surroundings.

The pronunciation of Acadian French also exhibits variations compared to standard French. Regional accents and influences from English and Indigenous languages contribute to the distinct sound of Acadian French.

Acadian French is a part of Acadian culture, connecting communities through a shared linguistic heritage. Despite facing challenges over the years, including periods of linguistic assimilation, efforts to preserve and promote Acadian French have been ongoing.

Many initiatives, such as language programs, cultural events, and community organizations, work towards preserving and revitalizing Acadian French. These efforts aim to ensure that future generations continue to speak and appreciate this unique linguistic heritage.

The influence of Acadian French extends beyond its immediate communities. It has contributed to the linguistic diversity of North America. It has also influenced the French spoken in parts of Louisiana, known as Cajun French.

In conclusion, Acadian French is a distinct variety of the French language with history and unique characteristics. Efforts tosave and celebrate this linguistic heritage play a big role in keeping the cultural identity of Acadian communities.

Flag of Acadiana

The Acadiana flag is a symbol representing the cultural region known as Acadiana in the southern United States. Acadiana is home to a vibrant community that traces its roots to the Acadian people. They settled in the area after being expelled from Canada in the 18th century.

Māpua, New Zealand

Māpua is a town in the Tasman District, New Zealand. It is located west of Nelson and had State Highway 60 bypassed in December 2010. It has a primary school and has markets at every Easter Weekend. It is situated on the Tasman coastline.

Anders Sandberg

Anders "Dagger" Sandberg (3 May 1968 - 23 January 2024) was a Sweden music artist. who was famous for being a member of the band Rednex. Sandberg died on 23 January 2024, at the age of 55.





Kaeo

Kaeo is a small settlement in the Far North District, New Zealand and is located 22 kilometers northwest of Kerikeri on State Highway 10. It had a Sanfords Fishery factory that closed in December 2011 and has two schools in the township. It suffered from flooding in January 2011 following the result of Cyclone Wilma.

Fox Sports 1

Fox Sports 1 is an American pay television channel. It is owned by the Fox Sports Media Group, a unit of Fox Corporation. It replaced the motorsports network Speed on August 17, 2013. It airs an array of live sporting events, including Major League Baseball and World Baseball Classic, college sports, soccer matches, and a variety of motorsports events.

Fox Sports 2

Fox Sports 2 is an American sports-oriented pay television channel. It is owned by the Fox Sports Media Group, a unit of Fox Corporation. It was founded as Fuel TV on July 1, 2003. It is based at the Fox Sports division's headquarters on the Fox Studio Lot in the Century City section of Los Angeles, California.

Matthieu Bareyre

Matthieu Bareyre, born 1986 in France, is a French director.

Matthieu Bareyre, born in 1986, is a French author, director, and editor. His debut feature film, "L'Époque," received the Best First Film award in 2019 from the Film Critics Syndicate. According to Vodkaster, he is among the 20 filmmakers to watch in the coming decade. He directed his first film "L'Epoque" in 2012




Léo Pons

Leo Pons, born on October 4, 1996, in Aurillac, is a French director.

He is widely recognized for directing successful films that showcase the Cantal region, such as "The Hobbit: The Return of the King of Cantal," a parody feature film based on J. R. R. Tolkien's novels and Peter Jackson's films, and "Le Buron," a 23-minute thriller filmed in Cantal that intertwines local legends and history. For the latter, Pons received several awards, including Best Thriller and Best Director at the Los Angeles Film Festival or Le Buron, a 23-minute thriller shot in Cantal blending local legends and history. It earned him various awards, including the Best Thriller and Best Directing awards at the Los Angeles Film Festival.



DZRH-TV

DZRH-TV (digital UHF channel 39) is a Philippine television station owned by Radyo Natin Network and operated by its affiliate Manila Broadcasting Company in the Philippines. The station's studio is located at the Second Floor, MBC Building, Star City, Vicente Sotto St., CCP Complex, Roxas Boulevard, Pasay; while its transmitter is located at the BSA Twin Towers, Bank Drive, Ortigas Center, Mandaluyong.

UHF Channel 40 (629.143 MHz)



Scombroclupea

Scombroclupea is an extinct clupeiform from the Cenomanian.




Dorsetichthys

Dorsetichthys is an extinct, prehistoric fish from the Early Jurassic period of Europe. It contains only one species, Dorsetichthys bechei. It is the only member of its family, Dorsetichthyidae in the order Dorsetichthyiformes.

"Dorsetichthys" looked like a herring, but it was not related to them. It had a single dorsal fin, a symmetrical tail, and an anal fin. It also had large eyes.

"D. bechei" was traditionally a species of "Pholidophorus". However, Arratia (2013) said it was distinct from the type species of "Pholidophorus" and created a new order and family for "Dorsetichthys".

Aglyptorhynchus

Aglyptorhynchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish. It has the following species:



Wilhelm Kreuz

Wilhelm Kreuz (29 May 1949 in Vienna) is a former Austrian football player and coach. The striker also played for the Austrian national football team.
Willy Kreuz played his first games in the championship for Admira Energie Wien in 1966. He soon became one of the club's best strikers. In 1971 he became top scorer of the league with 26 goals. 1972 he moved to Sparta Rotterdam in the Netherlands. After two seasons at Sparta, he went to local rival Feyenoord. In the summer of 1978, Willy Kreuz returned to Austria where he went to VÖEST Linz. He ended his career with SC Eisenstadt in 1982/83.
He played 56 mmatches for Austria and scored 11 goals. He was part of the squad for the 1978 FIFA World Cup. 
Willy Kreuz later worked as a coach at several clubs. In 1991 he sensationally won the Austrian Cup with SV Stockerau. 

Xiphiorhynchus

Xiphiorhynchus is an extinct, prehistoric swordfish that lived from the Eocene until the Oligocene. It is closely related to the modern-day swordfish.

"Xiphiorhynchus" resembled a swordfish. However, there's one minor difference. Its upper and lower jaws were extended to look like the point of a sword.

"Xiphiorhynchus" probably spent time in coastal areas of tropical seas. There are specimens of "X. priscus" and the holotype of "X. kimbalocki".

The type species is Xiphiorhynchus elegans.

"Xiphiorhynchus" is known from incomplete fossils.



Don Mariano Marcos Memorial State University

The Don Mariano Marcos Memorial State University (DMMMSU) is the state university system in the province of La Union in the Philippines. It was established in 1981 by former president Ferdinand Marcos through Presidential Decree 1778, combining various state-run schools in La Union. Like Mariano Marcos State University in Ilocos Norte, it is named after the former president's father, Mariano Marcos.

Before 1993, DMMMSU had seven campuses across the province. After a reorganization, these campuses were grouped into four autonomous units: North La Union Main Campus (DMMMSU-NLUC), Mid La Union Campus (DMMMSU-MLUC), South La Union Campus (DMMMSU-SLUC), and the Open University System (DMMMSU-OU). Each unit is led by a chancellor/director, and the entire system is headed by the university president, Dr. Jaime I. Manuel Jr.

The North La Union campus, created in 1993, houses DMMMSU's central administration. It originated from the College of Agriculture and Forestry (CAF), Institute of Veterinary Medicine (IVM), Institute of Computer Studies (ICS), and Institute of Environmental Studies (IES). In 2002, the College of Agriculture and Forestry split into the College of Agriculture and the Institute of Agroforestry and Watershed Management (IAWM). Notably, the Bacnotan Campus hosts national research institutes like the Sericulture Research and Development Institute (SRDI) and the National Apiculture Research Training and Development Institute (NARTDI).

Aespa

Aespa (; stylized as æspa) is a South Korean girl group that debuted on 17 November 2020. The group is made of four members: Karina, Giselle, Winter and Ningning. They make K-pop music under SM Entertainment. They are famous for their metaverse concept and for their EDM and hyperpop songs.

The group's name, Aespa, combines the English first letters for "avatar" and "experience" (Avatar X Experience) with the English word "aspect", meaning "two sides", to give the idea of "meeting another self and experiencing the new world". Their fans are called "My".




Lanternfish

Lanternfish are small mesopelagic fish of the family Myctophidae. They are one of two families in the order Myctophiformes. They have 246 species in 33 genera, and are found in oceans worldwide.

These fish have slender bodies and big elliptical to round lateral eyes (dorsolateral in "Protomyctophum" species). They also have a large mouth with jaws closely set with rows of small teeth.

Lanternfish are called "lanternfish" because of their photophores and their ability to produce bioluminescence.

The 33 genera are:


HDNet Movies

HDNet Movies is an American digital cable and satellite television network. It is owned and operated by HDNet LLC, operating as a subsidiary of AXS TV LLC. It features theatrically released films and documentaries, which are presented in high definition and without commercial interruption or editing for content. It was launched in 2001.

NFL Network

NFL Network is an American sports-oriented pay television network. It is owned by the National Football League and is part of NFL Media. It features game telecasts from the NFL, as well as NFL-related content including analysis programs, specials and documentaries. It was launched in 2003.

Myctophiformes

Myctophiformes is a small order of ray-finned fish. The order consists of two families, the lanternfishes (Myctophidae) and the blackchins or neoscopelids (Neoscopelidae).



McCormick &amp; Company

McCormick & Company is an American food company. It manufactures, markets, and distributes spices, seasoning mixes, condiments, and other flavoring products to retail outlets, food manufacturers, and foodservice businesses. It was founded in 1889. It is the largest producer of spices and related food products worldwide, based on revenue.

194 (number)

194 (one hundred [and] ninety-four) is the natural number greater than 193 and smaller than 195.

2023 AFC Asian Cup

2023 AFC Asian Cup was held in Qatar from 12 January to 10 February.

24 teams qualified, with Japan being the first team to qualify for the main stage. 

Each team participating in this tournament must register a squad consisting of a minimum of 18 players and a maximum of 23 players including three goalkeepers. In December 2023, the maximum number of the final party member list will be increased to 26 people.


Boykin family

The Boykin family are an American family. The family members hold varying degrees of power, wealth and status in various fields of works.

The Boykin family became known after founding Boykin, South Carolina in 1755.

The Boykin Spaniel - the South Carolina state dog - is named after them.


Newman's Own

Newman's Own is an American food company. It is headquartered in Connecticut. It was founded in 1982 by actor Paul Newman and author A. E. Hotchner. It donates all of its after-tax profits to charity through Newman's Own Foundation, a private nonprofit foundation that supports child-focused programs.

Hobbs family

The Hobbs family are an American family. The family members hold varying degrees of power, wealth and status in various fields of works.

The Hobbs family became known after building the railroads out of Chicago during the 1800s.


Kansas Day

Kansas Day is the day that the state of Kansas was admitted as a state to The United States of America. Kansas day is January 29. Before January 29, 1861 it was the Kansas Territory. It was the 34th state to be admitted to the union.

Shon Weissman

Shon Weissman ( 14 February 1996 in Haifa) is an Israeli football player. The striker plays for Granada C.F. in Spain and the Israel national football team.
Weissman began his career at Maccabi Haifa. In January 2014 he made his debut for the first team. For the 2015/16 season he was loaned to Hapoel Akko. After 18 games without scoring, the loan was ended early in January 2016. He was then loaned to Maccabi NetanjaIn. In August 2017 he was loaned to Hapoel Ironi Kirjat Shmona. In September 2017 he scored his first goal in Israels highest league. After the 2017/18 season he returned to Maccabi Haifa. He made 25 league appearances for the club in the 2018/19 season and scored eight goals.

For the 2019/20 seasonhe went to the Austrian Bundesliga. There he played for Wolfsberger AC. The Israeli scored four goals in the 5-0 home win against SV Mattersburg on matchday four. In this season he became top scorer of the Austrian Bundesliga with 30 goals. In Wolfsberg's first Europa League game, Weissman scored the first goal in Wolfsberg's club history in a European competition in a 4-0 win against Borussia Mönchengladbach. With the WAC he was able to qualify again for the group phase of the Europa League as third in the championship round.

2020 Weissman moved to Real Valladolid in the Spanish Primera División. He was loaned to Granada FC in 2023. In the summer of 2023 he was signed permanently there.
Weissmann played for different Youth national teams of Israel. He made his senior national team debut in September 2019 when he was in the starting line-up in the European Championship qualifier against Slovenia.

Joseph I, Holy Roman Emperor

Joseph I, (born July 26, 1678, Vienna, Austria—died April 17, 1711, Vienna), Holy Roman emperor from 1705, who unsuccessfully fought to retain the Spanish crown for the House of Habsburg. The eldest son of the emperor Leopold I, Joseph became king of Hungary in 1687 and king of the Romans, the imperial successor-designate, in 1690. When Charles II, the last Spanish Habsburg, died in 1700, Joseph supported the candidacy of his own younger brother Charles (the future emperor Charles VI) against the French king Louis XIV’s grandson Philip (later Philip V of Spain).

Rubus ellipticus

Rubus ellipticus, Golden evergreen raspberry or Golden Himalayan raspberry, commonly known as Ainselu, is an species of thorny fruiting shrub in the rose family. It is native to the Indian subcontinent, in the countries of Nepal, India, Sri Lanka and Pakistan. It is also found in southern China, Indochina and the Philippines.

The Burrow (short story)

"The Burrow" (""Der Bau"") is a short story by Franz Kafka written six months before his death.

The last sentence of the story, is "But all remained unchanged, the—". This sentence is at the end of a page, implying that Kafka had written more.

Before publishing, Max Brod changed the last sentence to "But all remained the same."

Plot: In the story a badger-like creature struggles (or has difficulties) to secure (or protect) the labyrinthine burrow he has dug out as a home.

DoD News Channel

DoD News Channel was a television channel. It broadcast military news and information for the 2.6 million members of the U.S. Armed Forces. It was founded in 2004 as The Pentagon Channel. The channel ceased operations on April 17, 2015. However, content will still be produced for the American Forces Network and the website Defense.gov.

NFL RedZone

NFL RedZone is an American sports television channel. It has been owned and operated by NFL Network since 2009. It broadcasts on Sundays during the NFL regular season from 1:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. Eastern, or when the last afternoon window game ends. It provides "whip around" simulcast coverage of all Sunday afternoon games airing in-progress on CBS and Fox.

Bloomberg Television

Bloomberg Television is an American-based pay television network. It focuses on business and capital market programming. It is owned by diversified information and media private company Bloomberg L.P. It was launched in 1994.

Hershey Creamery Company

Hershey Creamery Company is an American creamery. It produces ice cream, sorbet, sherbet, frozen yogurt, and other frozen desserts such as smoothies and frozen slab-style ice cream mixers. It was founded in 1894. It was one of the first to offer consumers pre-packaged ice cream pints.

Chobani

Chobani is an American food company. It specializes in strained yogurt. It was founded in 2005 by Hamdi Ulukaya, a Turkish Kurd businessman. It produces a variety of Greek yogurt products, oat drinks, and snacks. It is one of the main companies to popularize this style of yogurt in the US.

Fresh Beat Band of Spies

Fresh Beat Band of Spies is an animated children's television series that aired on Nickelodeon and the Nick Jr. Channel. It is a spin-off of Nickelodeon's live-action series The Fresh Beat Band. The series aired from June 15, 2015 to February 24, 2016.

Auntie Anne's

Auntie Anne's is an American franchised chain of pretzel shops. It was founded by Anne F. Beiler and her husband, Jonas, in 1988. It has 1,200 locations. It serves products such as pretzels, dips, and beverages. 

Jumex

Grupo Jumex is a brand of juice and nectar from Mexico. It is also popular among Hispanic consumers in the United States. It was founded on April 27, 1961. Its headquarters are in Ecatepec de Morelos, State of Mexico, in the Mexico City area.

Outlaw country

Outlaw country is a style of country portraying the character the song is describing as an outlaw, or someone who feels disconnected to the outside world.

Derek and David Bousquet

Derek Bousquet (born Derek D'Alton; 1946 or after) and his younger half-brother David Bousquet (born David D'Alton; 1946 or after), who both were known in the media as The Babes in the Woods prior to their identification, were Canadian children whose skeletal bodies were discovered in Stanley Park, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, on 14 January 1953 by Albert Tong, a gardener who unearthed the children's graves whilst clearing brush behind a bush. The coroner revealed that the children died via homicide by beating. They were beaten so hard, that at the time of their death they suffered from skull fractures. A hatchet (a type of axe) was one of several items found not far from the children's graves, along with what is believed to be their clothing and shoes. For more than 6 decades after the children's bodies were discovered, they remained unidentified. They were finally positively identified in June 2022, when their great-grand niece Ally split her DNA tube to find out more about her ancestors and family. Once they were identified, their family (or at least the new and current generation of their family) found out that Derek and David were never taken away by ministry because their mother was too poor in wealth to take care of them, but that they were murdered (beaten to death).

Derek D'Alton (later Bousquet) was born on in the city of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and his younger half-brother David was born on , to Eileen Bousquet (born died ), and a unknown father, whose surname was probably D'Alton. The children also had a elder sister named Diane (born died ). Eileen raised her children in the city of Vancouver. Eileen and her 3 children were born and raised in poverty, with Eileen failing often failing to pay rent to the landlord in the apartment they were living in, and having to change the apartments they lived in, mostly by escaping and running away from their apartment, before the landlord would come. Fortunately, by 1946, Eileen was eventually able to buy a house in Kitsilano, for her and her 3 children to reside in. The house was located on 1535 Artubus Street. Here, Derek and his elder sister Diane, were attended and enrolled in Henry Hudson Elementary School. It takes just about 6 minutes to walk from their house to the school. At some point in a later unspecified date, David and Derek's elder sister Diane told her mother Eileen that she did not see her younger brothers anywhere, anymore, and asked about their whereabouts. Their mother explained to her that they were simply "taken away by the ministry as she was too poor in wealth to take care of them". Diane wondered about the whereabouts of her brothers, almost all her life, after they were "taken away by the ministry". Eileen died on and her daughter Diane died on .

Cal-Maine

Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. is an American fresh egg producer. It was founded in 1969. It is based in Jackson, Mississippi. Its eggs are sold mostly in mid-Atlantic, midwestern, southeastern, and southwestern states. It is a public company trading on the NASDAQ.

N.W.A. and the Posse

N.W.A And The Posse (1987)

N.W.A. and the Posse is a 1987 Macola Records release that compiled various Dr. Dre-produced tracks and was marketed as an album by N.W.A. It includes previously released tracks by N.W.A, Eazy-E, the Fila Fresh Crew, and Rappinstine. The cover photo is the same as N.W.A's "Panic Zone" single and features people who do not appear on the record. The album peaked at #39 on Billboard magazine's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. On the album cover, their group name has a period at the end, while in later albums, it does not. N.W.A. and the Posse was re-released the same year by Ruthless Records, substituting another N.W.A song for the one by Rappinstine. The album was certified gold by the RIAA.
Tracklist:

1 Eazy-E - Boyz-N-The Hood

2 N.W.A - 8 Ball

3 Fila Fresh Crew - Dunk The Funk

4 N.W.A - A Bitch Iz A Bitch

5 Fila Fresh Crew - Drink It Up

6 N.W.A - Panic Zone

7 Eazy-E - L.A. Is The Place (feat. Ron De Vu)

8 N.W.A - Dope Man

9 Fila Fresh Crew - Tuffest Man Alive

10 Eazy-E - Fat Girl (feat. Ron De Vu)

11 Fila Fresh Crew - 3 The Hard Way (feat. Dr. Rock & Fresh K)

Jáhfeeil

Elder Manley (Born May 19, 1967) professionally known as Jahfeeil is an American singer and songwriter based in Houston. He is also the founder of Immanley Entertainment group.

Manley was born in Los Angeles and later moved to Houston. He got his early education from Phillis Wheatley High School. He formed '2B Continued' band in 1987. Manley's single "Honey Cotton Candy" was credited as one of the Hottest Hits of 2022 by "24Hip-Hop".

Singles



Korochansky District

Korochansky District () is an administrative district (raion), one of the twenty-one in Belgorod Oblast, Russia. As of the 2021 Census, the total population of the district was 35,883. The area of the district is .

2024 Korochansky Ilyushin Il-76 crash

On 24 January 2024, at around 11:15 MSK, a Russian Air Force Ilyushin Il-76 military transport plane crashed near the Ukrainian border in Russia's Korochansky district in Belgorod Oblast, killing everyone on board. Russia said that the plane was shot down while carrying 65 Ukrainian prisoners of war captured during the Russian invasion of Ukraine. They also said that the prisoners of war were to be exchanged in a swap.

ACC Network

ACC Network is an American multinational subscription-television channel. It is owned and operated by ESPN Inc. It is dedicated to coverage of the Atlantic Coast Conference. It was announced in July 2016 and launched on August 22, 2019. It operates from ESPN's headquarters in Bristol, Connecticut, though some programming and staff is in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Jean Petit (footballer, born 1949)

Jean Petit (25 September 1949 – 23 January 2024) was a French football midfielder. He was a member of the France team in the 1978 FIFA World Cup. 

Petit died on 23 January 2024, at the age of 74.

Audience (TV network)

Audience was an American pay television channel. It was owned by AT&T. It featured a mix of original and acquired series, specials, and feature films. It was originally exclusive to DirecTV, though it was also added to AT&T U-verse after AT&T's 2015 acquisition of DirecTV. It was launched in 1999. The channel ceased operations on May 22, 2020.

David Kahn

David Kahn (February 2, 1930 – January 23, 2024) was an American historian, journalist, and writer. He wrote about the history of cryptography and military intelligence. Kahn's first published book, "The Codebreakers - The Story of Secret Writing" (1967) has been seen as very important for the history of cryptography.

Anatoli Polivoda

Anatoliy Ivanovych Polyvoda (; 29 May 1947 – 22 January 2024) was a Ukrainian basketball player. He played for the Budivelnyk of Kiev and the Soviet Union.

Polyvoda played in the Soviet team at the 1968 Olympic Games in which he won a bronze medal. He also played at the 1972 Olympic Games where he won a gold medal.

Polyvoda died on 22 January 2024, at the age of 76. 

Elke Erb

Elke Erb (18 February 1938 – 22 January 2024) was a German writer and poet. She also worked as a literary editor and translator.

Erb died on 22 January 2024, at the age of 85.

Klaus Wunder

Klaus Wunder (13 September 1950 – 16 January 2024) was a German professional footballer who played as a striker. He earned one cap for the Germany national team and also represented West Germany at the 1972 Summer Olympics. 

Wunder died on 16 January 2024, at the age of 73.

Mokhtar Hasni

Mokhtar Hasni (19 March 1952 – 21 January 2024) was a Tunisian football forward. He played for the Tunisia national team in the 1978 FIFA World Cup. 

Hasni died on 21 January 2024, at the age of 71.

Milan Nenadić

Milan Nenadić (12 August 1943 – 16 January 2024) was a Serbian middleweight Greco-Roman wrestler. Nenadić competed in the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal in 1972.

Nenadić died on 16 January 2024, at the age of 80.

Peter Schickele

Johann Peter Schickele (; July 17, 1935 – January 16, 2024) was an American composer, musical educator and parodist. He was best known for comedy albums featuring his music. His music would say they were composed by P. D. Q. Bach. He also hosted a long-running weekly radio program called "Schickele Mix".

From 1990 to 1993, Schickele's P. D. Q. Bach recordings earned him four consecutive wins for the Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album.

Schickele died at his home in Bearsville, New York, on January 16, 2024, at the age of 88.

David Emge

David Michael Emge (September 9, 1946 – January 20, 2024) was an American actor. He was best known for playing Stephen "Flyboy" Andrews in George A. Romero's horror movie "Dawn of the Dead".

Emge died in Evansville, Indiana on January 20, 2024, at the age of 77.

Piedad Córdoba

Piedad Esneda Córdoba Ruiz (25 January 1955 – 20 January 2024) was a Colombian lawyer and politician. She was a senator from 1994 to 2010. She was a Liberal Party politician. She also was a member of the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia for Antioquia from 1992 to 1994.

In 2017, Córdoba officially announced her plans to run for President of Colombia in 2018.

She was controversially nominated for the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize.

Córdoba died from a heart attack on 20 January 2024 in Medellín, Colombia at the age of 68.

Marlena Shaw

Marlena Shaw (born Marlina Burgess, September 22, 1942 – January 19, 2024) was an American jazz, R&B, blues, and soul singer. 

Shaw died on January 19, 2024, at the age of 81.

Ewa Podleś

Ewa Maria Podleś (; 26 April 1952 – 19 January 2024) was a Polish coloratura contralto singer. She was known for her voice and a vocal range. She was known for roles as Rosina in "Il barbiere di Siviglia", the title role of "La Cenerentola", Isabella in "L'italiana in Algeri" and the title role of "Tancredi". 

Podleś died from lung cancer at a hospice facility in Warsaw, Poland on 19 January 2024, at the age of 71.

Lance Larson

Lance Melvin Larson (July 3, 1940 – January 19, 2024) was an American competition swimmer. He won a gold medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the same event.

Larson died on January 19, 2024 in Orange, California at the age of 83.

Josef Haas

Josef Haas (3 August 1937 – 18 January 2024) was a Swiss cross-country skier. He competed in the late 1960s. He won the 50 km bronze at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble. Haas was the first Swiss to earn a cross-country skiing Olympic medal. 

Haas died on 18 January 2024 at the age of 86.

Giovanni Giudici (bishop)

Giovanni Giudici (6 March 1940 – 18 January 2024) was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate and Bishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pavia from 2015 until his death. Giudici was the auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milan from 1990 to 2003. On 1 December 2003, Pope John Paul II appointed Giudici as Bishop of Pavia, a position he held until his retirement in 2015.

Giudici died on 18 January 2024, at the age of 83.

Bennie Muller

Bennie Muller (14 August 1938 – 17 January 2024) was a Dutch professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He played for the Netherlands national team from 1960 to 1968.

Muller died on 17 January 2024, at the age of 85.

Jacobsen

Jacobsen can be




Dejan Milojević

Dejan Milojević (; 15 April 1977 – 17 January 2024) was a Serbian professional basketball player and coach. He was an assistant coach for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

In December 2019, Milojević was named an assistant coach for the Serbia national team under Igor Kokoškov. In September 2021, he left the national team as the assistant coach.

On 16 January 2024, Milojević was hospitalised after suffering a heart attack at a Salt Lake City restaurant. He died the following day, on 17 January, at the age of 46.

Knut Hjeltnes (athlete)

Knut Hjeltnes (8 December 1951 – 17 January 2024) was a Norwegian college coach and track and field athlete. He competed in four Olympic events, coming in 4th and 7th place. He competed in the 1976, 1980, 1984 and the 1988.

Hjeltnes died on 17 January 2024, at the age of 72.

Shawnacy Barber

Shawnacy Campbell Barber (27 May 1994 – 17 January 2024) was a Canadian track and field athlete. Barber was a Pan American Games champion, winning the 2015 edition of the Games with a height of 5.80 m. Barber won a bronze medal at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow as well.

On 17 January 2024, Barber died at his home in the Kingwood community of Houston, Texas, from problems caused by a medical condition, aged 29.

Ølst

Ølst is a town in Randers municipality, Denmark.

A slow-moving landslide (map) was discovered in December 2023; The prime minister of Denmark came (late-January 2024) to look at the problem.

Geography: The town is on the Jutland peninsula.

Flowers Foods

Flowers Foods is a producer and marketer of packed bakery food. It is headquartered in Thomasville, Georgia. It operates 47 bakeries producing bread, buns, rolls, snack cakes, pastries, and tortillas. It is the second-largest baking company in the United States. It was founded in 1919.

Lord of Ireland

Monarchical systems of government have existed in Ireland from ancient times. In most of Ireland, this continued until 1949, when it transitioned to being the Republic of Ireland. Northern Ireland, as part of the United Kingdom, remains under a monarchical system 



Babiy Oleh Ivanovych

 Oleh Ivanovich Babiy (October 22, 1990, Milovice, Nymburk, Central Bohemian Region, Czech Republic —  August 30, 2023, Russia) — was an officer of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, a participant of the Russian-Ukrainian war. Hero of Ukraine with the posthumous award of the Order of the Golden Star.

He was born on October 22, 1990 in Milovice, Czech Republic. In 2011, he graduated from the Hetman Petro Sahaidachnyi Army Academy.

He has been participating in the Russian-Ukrainian war since 2014. From the first days of the full-scale invasion, he organized and carried out special operations in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine and in Russia, for which he was repeatedly awarded.

As of February 2017, he held the position of commander of a patrol platoon in the vehicles of the 1st Patrol Battalion of the 45th Regiment of Operational Purpose of the NGU.

With the beginning of the full-scale invasion of Russia into Ukraine, he continued to perform combat missions, with nine successful reconnaissance missions behind enemy lines, twelve special events to organize and support the resistance movement in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine and behind enemy lines. Thanks to the successful completion of the missions, Colonel Babiy's group managed to disorganize the logistics of the occupation forces, destroy its important facilities and elements of critical infrastructure.

Babiy last operation was the destruction of three Russian TU-22M3 bombers at the Soltsi airfield in the Novgorod region, which in fact completely destabilized the operation of airfields and long-range aviation bases and reduced the Russian Federation's ability to launch missile strikes with Kh-22 missiles against Ukraine. In the course of the task, on August 30, 2023, the intelligence group headed by Babiy engaged in a battle with special agents of the FSB of Russia . While covering the retreat of his comrades, Babiy was mortally wounded. For his heroic deeds, he was awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine with the posthumous award of the Order of the Golden Star.

Babiy is survived by his wife and two small children, the youngest daughter was only one year old at the time of her father's death.

On July 15, 2014, by the Decree of the President of Ukraine No. 593/2014, he was awarded the Order of Bohdan Khmelnytsky, III degree, for personal courage and heroism in the defense of state sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, loyalty to the military oath during the Russian armed aggression against Ukraine.


On January 22, 2023, on the Day of Unity of Ukraine, a memorial plaque in his honor was unveiled on the facade of school No. 49 in Lviv, where Oleh Babiy studied.


Pulhwasal-3-31

The Pulhwasal-3-31 is a strategic cruise missile used by the , the military of North Korea. The missile was first tested on 24 January 2024.

All My Rowdy Friends (Have Settled Down)

"All My Rowdy Friends (Have Settled Down)" is a 1981 song by Hank Williams Jr. and is the leading single from his 33rd studio album "The Pressure Is On". It topped the country singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart and Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart.

Philautus davidlabangi

David Labang's bush frog ("Philautus davidlabangi") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia in the Cardamon Mountains. People have seen it 859 meters above sea level in one place and between 165 and 330 meters above sea level in other places.

The adult male frog is 20-21 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog has longer legs and more webbed skin than other frogs in "Philautus".

Scientists believe this frog hatches out of eggs as small frogs and never swims as a tadpole, but they are not sure.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out, but human beings are cutting down its forests.

Everton Stadium

Everton Stadium is a football stadium under construction. It is located in Vauxhall, Liverpool and will serves as the home for the Everton F.C. once it is completed.

In 2006, there were talks to build a new stadium in Kirkby. The plan received 59% favourable approval by fans in a ballot held by the team. The proposal would be rejected by the central government.

In 2018, the Bramley-Moore Dock was approved for the site of the new stadium. UNESCO was very unhappy with this and stripped Liverpool of its World Heritage Sites because of the decision.

They first started to build the stadium on 10 August 2021. The stadium will have a seating capacity of 52,888.

It is expected to open in 2025.

Newfoundland Growlers

The Newfoundland Growlers are a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2018. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador at the Mary Brown's Centre. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League (AHL).

On March 13, 2018, the new ECHL team was approved by the ECHL and would be owned by the same owners of the St. John's Edge of the National Basketball League of Canada (NBL Canada). The approval was delayed at first because of a dispute over arena rights.

On June 14, 2018, an affiliation between the Growlers and the Toronto Maple Leafs was announced.

On October 12, 2018, the team would play their first game as the Newfoundland Growlers. They would defeat the Florida Everblades 3–2 in front of a soldout arena.

The team would be successful in their first season in the league. They would lead the North Division. They finished with 43 wins, 21 losses, and 94 points and would make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would end up winning the Kelly Cup after they defeated the Toledo Walleye four games to two. The Growlers were also successful in the 2022–23 season, again topping the North Division. They finished with 48 wins, 22 losses, and 98 points. They would make it to the Eastern Conference finals but would be defeated by the eventual champion Florida Everblades four games to two.

Wyatt Russell

Wyatt Russell (born July 10, 1986, Los Angeles, California, U.S.) is an American actor and former ice hockey player. He portrayed Corporal Lewis Ford in Julius Avery's 2018 horror film "Overlord", Dud in AMC's "Lodge 49" and John Walker / U.S. Agent in the Marvel Cinematic Universe Disney+ series "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier" (2021).

In 2022, Russell took on the role of real-life murderer Dan Lafferty in the FX miniseries "Under the Banner of Heaven". In July 2022, he joined his father in Apple TV+ and Legendary Television's "Godzilla" series, "Monarch: Legacy of Monsters" which is set in the world of Legendary's "MonsterVerse" franchise.


British Post Office scandal

The British Post Office scandal is a series of miscarriages of justice which, between 1999 and 2015, saw over 900 subpostmasters prosecuted for theft, false accounting, and fraud for shortfalls at their branches.

In fact the postmasters were "entirely innocent". The shortfalls were due to errors in the Post Office's Horizon accounting software. The Horizon accounting system was developed by ICL Pathway, owned by the Japanese company Fujitsu. 

In 1999, the Post Office started to roll out the new software to its branches and sub-post offices, the latter managed by subpostmasters on a self-employed basis under contracts with the Post Office. The contract to create the system for the Post Office and the Benefits Agency was awarded in May 1996 to ICL Pathway Limited, a subsidiary created for the purpose in 1995 by British computer company ICL, which was itself majority-owned by Fujitsu of Japan. 

983 people were convicted in court; 236 got a prison sentence; In 2015, further (or more) prosecution was stopped.



Johnathon Schaech

Johnathon Schaech ( ; born September 10, 1969) is an American actor and screenwriter. He has been working as an actor since the early 1990s. In 1993, Schaech played the lead role in Franco Zeffirelli's period drama "Sparrow" (). Schaech then played drifter Xavier Red in the Gregg Araki film "The Doom Generation". 

In 1995, Schaech's character Leon romanced Winona Ryder's character Finn in "How to Make an American Quilt" which received a nomination for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture. In 1996, Schaech played the ambitious but self-absorbed lead singer of The Wonders in Tom Hanks' "That Thing You Do!" Schaech next starred opposite Jessica Lange and Gwyneth Paltrow in the 1998 thriller "Hush", which "promptly bombed".


Ronit Roy

Ronit Bose Roy (born 11 October 1965) is an Indian actor, known for his works primarily in Hindi television and films, alongside a few Bengali, Tamil and Telugu cinema. Roy has earned numerous accolades in his career including a Filmfare Award, two Screen Awards, five ITA Awards, and six Indian Telly Awards.

In 2013, he played the main antagonist in the Akshay Kumar starrer "BOSS," and in 2014 he appeared in "2 States" in which his performance received much appreciation. In 2017, he has also shared screen with the Hrithik Roshan playing the role of an antagonist in the thriller film "Kaabil". In the same year, he made his debut in Telugu with N.T.R Jr. starrer "Jai Lava Kusa", where he played the role of main antagonist "Sarkar."

Roy was married to a woman named Joanna and they have a daughter named Ona.

On 25 December 2003, he married actress and model Neelam Singh, with whom he has a daughter Aador (born May 2005), and a son Agastya (born October 2007).

Pro Kabaddi League

Pro Kabaddi League or abbreviated to PKL is an Indian men's professional Kabaddi league. It was launched in 2014 and is broadcast on Star Sports. It is the most popular kabaddi league in the world. It is also the second most watched sports league in India after the Indian Premier League (IPL).

Naïve Records

Naïve Records is a French independent record label based in Paris, specializing in classical music.


Norfolk Admirals (ECHL)

The Norfolk Admirals are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2015. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Norfolk, Virginia at the Norfolk Scope. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Bakersfield, California as the Bakersfield Condors from 1995 to 2015. On January 30, 2015, it was announced that the Edmonton Oilers had purchased the Bakersfield Condors and would be moving the team to Norfolk, Virginia to become the Norfolk Admirals. The day before, the Anaheim Ducks announced that they were moving the AHL version of the Norfolk Admirals to San Diego, California to become the San Diego Gulls.

On October 16, 2015, the team would play their first game as the Norfolk Admirals. They would be defeated by the Wheeling Nailers 3–0.

On August 25, 2023, the Admirals and the Winnipeg Jets announced their affiliation. The Admirals were previously affiliates with the Edmonton Oilers, Nashville Predators, and Carolina Hurricanes.

Carmen, Agusan del Norte

Carmen is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 23,172 people lived here.

Jabonga

Jabonga is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 3020 census, 24,855 people lived here.

Kitcharao

Kitcharao is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 21,278 people lived here.

96th Academy Awards

The 96th Academy Awards was an award ceremony presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honoring the best movies of 2023. The event took place at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, on March 10, 2024. The ceremony was hosted by comedian Jimmy Kimmel for the fourth time. The producers of the ceremony were Raj Kapoor, Molly McNearney, and Katy Mullan. The director was Hamish Hamilton. It was televised in the United States by ABC.

"Oppenheimer" won seven awards in total, including Best Picture, followed by "Poor Things" and "The Zone of Interest" with four and two respectively.

The nominations were announced on January 23, 2024. "Oppenheimer" led with thirteen nominations, followed by "Poor Things" and "Killers of the Flower Moon" with eleven and ten nominations respectively. "Barbenheimer" received a total of twenty-one nominations, eight for "Barbie" and thirteen for "Oppenheimer". The acting nominees featured a record number of LGBTQ+ characters.

Winners are listed first, highlighted in boldface, and indicated with a double dagger (‡). 

The 14th annual Governors Awards ceremony took place on January 9, 2024, hosted by John Mulaney. Honorary Awards were presented to Angela Bassett, Mel Brooks, Carol Littleton, and the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award to Michelle Satter.

Producers Raj Kapoor and Katy Mullan were announced on October 17, 2023, with Hamish Hamilton as the director. On November 15, Jimmy Kimmel was announced as host, marking his fourth overall hosting role for the ceremony. On November 30, 2023, ABC and the Academy announced a change in the ceremony's start time to 4:00 p.m. PT (7:00 p.m. ET).

This will be the first year that diversity rules for the Best Picture category become mandatory. Established under the Academy Aperture 2025 initiative, these rules aim to promote inclusive representation and employment in the film industry.

The snubbing of Greta Gerwig and Margot Robbie from getting respective Academy Award nominations for Best Director and Best Actress for "Barbie" received criticism. Cast members expressed their reactions, and actor Ryan Gosling released a statement in response, emphasizing the significant contributions of Gerwig and Robbie to the movie's success.

Las Nieves

Las Nieves is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 30,240 people lived here.

Magallanes

Magallanes is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 22,293 people lived here.

Nasipit

Nasipit is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 44,822 peiple lived here.

Guido Burgstaller

Guido Burgstaller (29 April 1989 in Villach) is an Austrian football player. The forward plays for SK Rapid Wien in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Burgstaller started playing football in 1996 at ASKÖ Gmünd. 2003 he joined the youth department of FC Kärnten. He went through all youth selections until 2007 . In this year he got a professional contract. In his last year in the U-19, he played also in the first or second team . On 23 March 2007 he played his first game for the FC Kärnten amateur team. He played his first professional game on 6 April 2007. Due to financial problems and a weak sporting season for FC Kärnten, Burgstaller moved to SC Wiener Neustadt. There he became a top performer. For the 2011/12 season he moved to SK Rapid Wien.

Second division club Cardiff City signed him for the 2014/15 Football League Championship season. Burgstaller was unable to play regulary. Burgstaller joined the German second division club 1. FC Nürnberg on a free transfer. In the 2016/17 season he scored 14 goals in 16 games. This brought him into the focus of higher-class clubs. During the 2016/17 winter break, Burgstaller moved to FC Schalke 04 in the Bundesliga. For the 2020/21 season, the Austrian was sorted out by then head coach David Wagner. He then left Schalke in September 2020 after 119 matches and moved to the second division club FC St. Pauli.

After two years in Hamburg, Burgstaller returned to Rapid Wien. In his first season after his return, he became the top scorer in the Bundesliga with 21 goals in 31 appearances. 
Burgstaller played for the youth teams of Austria from U16 to U21. He made his national team debut on 29 February 2012 in a friendly against Finland. Four years after his resignation from the team, he was called back into the national team under Ralf Rangnick in October 2023.

Neoscopelidae

The Neoscopelidae (blackchins or neoscopelids) are a small family of deep-sea fish closely related to the lanternfish.

Neoscopelids look a lot like lanternfish. The anal fin is inserted further back than the dorsal fin and only a few species have photophores.

You'll find blackchins throughout most of the seas and oceans. However, they cannot be found in the Mediterranean Sea.



Gabanellia

Gabanellia is an extinct genus of Triassic fish. It is the only genus in its family, Gabanellidae.

"Gabanellia" has a slender body with a large, symmetrical tail with 12 epaxial rays. The big mouth has a powerful dentition. The scales are arranged in 95 transversal rows.

The biggest teeth are anteriorly placed and there are only one or two small teeth in between.


Charlotte (cake)

The Charlotte cake is a well-known cake in Russia. It consists of apples with crumbles on top.

One recipe is: 

Apple Sharlotka

Adapted from Alex’s mother, who adapted it from her mother, and so on…

Butter or nonstick spray, for greasing pan

6 large, tart apples, such as Granny Smiths

3 large eggs

1 cup (200 grams) granulated sugar

1 teaspoon vanilla extract

1 cup (125 grams) all-purpose flour

Ground cinnamon, to finish

Powdered sugar, also to finish

Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line the bottom of a 9-inch springform pan with parchment paper. Butter the paper and the sides of the pan. Peel, halve and core your apples, then chop them into medium-sized chunks. (I cut each half into four “strips” then sliced them fairly thinly — about 1/4-inch — in the other direction.) Pile the cut apples directly in the prepared pan. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, using an electric mixer or whisk, beat eggs with sugar until thick and ribbons form on the surface of the beaten eggs. Beat in vanilla, then stir in flour with a spoon until just combined. The batter will be very thick.

Pour over apples in pan, using a spoon or spatula to spread the batter so that it covers all exposed apples. (Updated to clarify: Spread the batter "and" press it down into the apple pile. The top of the batter should end up level with the top of the apples.) Bake in preheated oven for 55 to 60 minutes, or until a tester comes out free of batter. Cool in pan for 10 minutes on rack, then flip out onto another rack, peel off the parchment paper, and flip it back onto a serving platter. Dust lightly with ground cinnamon.

Serve warm or cooled, dusted with powdered sugar. Alex’s family eats it plain, but imagine it would be delicious with a dollop of barely sweetened whipped or sour cream.

Fistularioides

Fistularioides is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene. It usually didn't exceed 25 centimeters in length. "Fistularioides" belongs to the syngnathiforms.

"Fistularioides" was an unusual fish with a slender and thin body. Its tubular body was shaped like a whip. The head was narrow and long, with small eyes and an extremely long snout. It also had a small mouth. It had a forked caudal fin.


"Fistularioides" has been assigned to the family Fistularioididae, along with its fellow genus, "Pseudosyngnathus".


Allomorone

Allomorone is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish which has not been assigned to any class. Little is known about this fish.

"Allomorone" includes the following species:




Asialepidotus

Asialepidotus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Middle Triassic epoch.


Allothrissops

Allothrissops is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish belonging to the Ichthyodectiformes.

"Allothrissops" has an elongated body, a deeply forked tail with a lower lobe slightly longer than the upper one, a short skull and short jaws.



Leonard

Leonard can be












Horacio Alcala

Horacio Gómez Alcalá (Guadalajara, Mexico, 1978) is a Mexican film director, screenwriter and filmmaker. Horacio Alcalá is a polyglot, possessing a cosmopolitanism forged in stories of survival, urgent explorations and reflections that probe the experience of being alive. He has lived in Berlin, Strasbourg, Montreal, Antwerp, Belgrade, Edinburgh and currently in Madrid. After this world tour, he packed his bags for 7 years to develop in all European capitals with the legendary Cirque du Soleil.

Graduated in Film Studies at the Université Marc Bloch Strasbourg II, graduated in Film at the European University Center for Cinema and Human Rights and the École Supérieure D'Art Dramatique in Strasbourg. He began his career at the age of 8 as an actor and at 14 he went on tour with the opera La Bohéme. However, what really interests him is the work behind the scenes.

He worked for 5 years at TELEVISA before moving to Europe. In 2006, he shot his first short film "Le Fil" as a director in France while studying at the Ecole Supérieure d'Art Dramatique in Strasbourg. That same year, he joined the production ranks of Cirque du Soleil where he worked on several shows such as "Alegria", "Quidam" and "Corteo" where he worked while filming "Grazing The Sky", a documentary that toured international screens.

In 2013 Horacio settled in Madrid working as a director in different artistic projects, focusing on visual arts and scenic narrative. He has made documentaries such as "A nosotros tu Reino" and "Hasta el Alba" with for the Spanish National Dance Company. In 2021 she premieres "Finlandia", her first fiction film on the theme of the third gender in Oaxaca and cultural appropriation.

He is currently developing documentary projects for the European Union and the United Nations through the Cross Border Cooperation projects, TESIM, INTERREG and Interact, and is developing the documentary Paso de Luz in collaboration with the National Ballet of Cuba. His projects are inspired by the literary and pictorial movement of magic realism, where nature, the culture of different countries and the unusual play an important role. He looks for and creates characters that not only entertain but also bring something to the viewer, be it a lesson or a value. He attaches importance to narrative through aesthetics. In his gaze and his irreverent vision, emotion, exorcisms and redemption appear, of the child he was, the man he wanted to be, of hybridisation, miscegenation and the fusion of gender and genres in a world on the edge of the precipice, which survives itself.





Horacio Alcalá has participated in the following Film Festivals:


Neoscopelus macrolepidotus

"Neoscopelus macrolepidotus," the large-scaled lanternfish, is a species of bathypelagic fish in the family Neoscopelidae. The presence of photophores further classify the species into the genus "Neoscopelus".

"Neoscopelus macrolepidotus" has a dark gray ventral surface, a greyish-silver head, pinkish-red fins, and rows of photophores along the ventral portion of the body and along the sides of the tongue.

As mentioned before, "Neoscopelus macrolepidotus" contains photophores to produce bioluminescence. When it does this, you can see it "glowing". These bioluminescent structures were first found on the surface of the body. 


Karolina Shiino

Karolina Shiino is a Japanese model that was born in Ukraine. She won the beauty pageant, Miss Nippon Grand Prix in 2024.

J&amp;J Snack Foods

J&J Snack Foods is an American manufacturer, marketer, and distributor of name brand snack foods and frozen beverages. It is headquartered in Pennsauken, NJ. Its products includes soft pretzels, frozen beverages, frozen juice treats and desserts, stuffed sandwiches, burritos, churros, fruit pies, funnel cakes, cookies, and bakery goods, and other snack foods and drinks. It was founded in 1971.

MHz Networks

MHz Networks is an American broadcaster. It specializes in international television programming. It began as a project of the Commonwealth Public Broadcasting Corporation. It was founded in 2001. In November 2022, it was acquired by Kino Lorber.

Scripps News

Scripps News is an American news channel. It is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. It is owned by the Scripps Networks division of the E. W. Scripps Company. It was launched in 2008 as Newsy. 

New England Cable News

New England Cable News is a regional 24-hour cable news television network. It is owned and operated by NBCUniversal serving the New England region of the United States. It was launched in 1992. It focuses on regional news, though in some low priority timeslots, paid programming and programming from WNBC such as Talk Stoop and Open House are seen.

Kamo no Chōmei

Kamo no Chōmei (鴨 長明, 1153 or 1155-1216) was a Japanese author, poet (in the waka form), and writer. He saw a series of natural and social disasters, and, having lost his political backing, was passed over for promotion within the Shinto shrine connected with his family.

He decided to turn his back on society, took Buddhist vows, and became a hermit, living outside the capital. This was somewhat unusual for the time, when those who turned their backs on the world usually joined monasteries. Along with the poet-priest Saigyō he is representative of the literary recluses of his time, and his celebrated essay "Hōjōki" ("An Account of a Ten-Foot-Square Hut") is representative of the genre known as "recluse literature" ("sōan bungaku").

Mervyn's

Mervyn's was an American middle-scale department store chain. It was based in Hayward, California. It was founded in 1949. . On October 17, 2008, the company announced that it would liquidate its assets through a Chapter 7 filing. All remaining locations were closed by the end of 2008. 

Václav

Václav is a given name.


Rodney Lister

Rodney Lister is an American composer, educator, and pianist. He currently lives in Somerville, Massachusetts.

Rodney grew up in Nashville, where he was a student at Blair Academy and studied piano with Enid Katahn. He was a student at The New England Conservatory (Bachelor of Music Degree, with honors, 1973), where he studied composition with Malcolm Peyton and piano with Robert Helps, David Hagan, and Irma Wolpe. He was a Bernstein Fellow at The Tanglewood Music Centre in 1973, where he worked with Donald Martino, Lesley Bassett, Gyorgy Ligeti, and Peter Maxwell Davies. After living in London, where he studied privately with Peter Maxwell Davies, he attended Brandeis University (Master of Fine Arts Degree, 1977), studying with Arthur Berger and Harold Shapero. Later he returned to Brandeis and received a Doctorate Degree in 2000. He also studied with Davies at the Dartington Hall Summer School of Music (1975,1978, 1980-1982). He also studied privately with Virgil Thomson.

Rodney is on the composition faculty of the Boston University School of Music, and is the director of Time's Arrow, the School's New Music Ensemble. He also teaches at the Preparatory School of The New England Conservatory, where he is the chairman of the composition department and the director of the school's annual festival of contemporary music. He is also on the faculty of Greenwood Music Camp, where he is composer in residence.

He has received commission and fellowships from The Fire of London, College New Music, The Fromm Foundation, The Tanglewood Music Center, The Koussevitzky Foundation at the Library of Congress, The Master Singer, Greenwood Music Camp, The MacDowell Colony, The Virginia Center of the Creative Arts, among others, and his works have been performed by Phyllis Curtin, Joel Smirnoff, Jane Manning the Ciara Quartet, the Blair Quartet, Rebecca Fischer, Jonah Sirota, Lucas Button, Norman Fischer, John Hollander, and Tammy Grimes among others.

He has Written about the music of Arthur Berger, Virgil Thomson, and Peter Maxwell Davies, as well as numerous reviews in publications such as Tempo, American Music, and Sequenza 21.

Some of his former Students include: Jay Rauch, Aaron Michael, Stephen Feigenbaum, Finn Mattingly, Alex Rinn, Samuel Beebe, William Hawkins, Ben Yee-Paulson, Forrest Eimold, Lara Poe, among others. 

• Somewhere To Get To (1996)

• The Harvest According (2004)

• Songs to Harvest (2006)

• Friendly Fire (2012)

• Complicated Grief (2014)

• Squares and Oblongs (2015)

• Only Living (2017) 

• The Four Seasons (2023)

• "Faith Based Initiatives": Music by Rodney Lister, Charles Blandy (tenor), Jonah Sirota (viola), Chiara Quartet, Collage New Music, David Hoose (conductor). Metier CD. July 2022.

• "Expanding Spaces": Boston University Wind Ensemble, David J. Martins, Conductor. Summit Records #738, Feb. 2019.

• "A Christmas Album": Music by Rodney Lister, Charles Ives, Virgil Thomson, Conrad Susa and Carlisle Floyd. Performed by The Choir of the Church of Advent, The Harvard Glee Club and others. Arsis Audio CD #117.

• "Somewhere to Get To": Music of Rodney Lister. Arsis Audio CD #144.

• "American Music for Piano Four Hands": Music of Arthur Berger, Harold Shapero and Virgil Thomson, with Rodney Lister, David Kopp, pianist. New World Records #80536-2.

• Liner Notes for a recording by Craig Rutenberg of Portraits for Piano and other works by Virgil Thomson, 2016.

• Liner Notes for The Complete Songs of Virgil Thomson, New World Records.

• "BBC Proms 2013: Gerald Barry, Peter Eötvös, Nishat Kahn, Frederic Rzewski and Mark Anthony Turnage." Tempo, Vol. 68, No. 267 (January 2014), PP. 55-57.

• "CORRIGENDUM: Marc Blitzstein: His Life, His Work, His World." Tempo, Vol. 68, No0 267 (January 2014), p. 69.

• "Boston: John Harbison's Sixth Symphony." Tempo, Vol. 66, No. 260 (April 2012), p. 62.

• "New York, Gotham Chamber Opera: Nico Muhly's Dark Sisters'." Tempo, Vol.66, No.260 (April 2012), pp. 5-56.

• "Boston, Mass.: new concertos by Schuller and Birthwistle." Tempo, vol. 65, No. 257 (July 2011), pp. 69-70.

• "London, BBC Proms 2009: Glass, Andriessen, Vivier." Tempo, Vol. 64, No. 251 (January 2010), pp. 39-41.

• "Another Completely Interesting Opera" Part I Tempo, Vol. 64, No. 254 (Octuber 2010), ○ Part II Tempo, Vol. 65, No. 256 (April 2011). 

• Boston: Elliott Carter Celebrations." Tempo, Vol. 63, No. 248 (April 2019), pp.48-50.

• "Proms 2008 (3): Carter, Hillborg, Messiaen, Chen Yi, Inspire." Tempo, Vol. 63, No. 247 (January 2009), pp. 51-54.

• "Boston: William Bolcom's Eighth Symphony." Tempo, Vol. 62, No. 245 (July 2008), pp.56-57.

• "Boston: Elliott Carter's Horn Concerto." Tempo, Vol. 62, No. 244 (April 2008), p. 33

The Asylum

The Asylum is an American independent film and television distribution company, that focuses low-budget mockbuster direct-to-video films. Founded in 1997, it is notorious from producing titles and scripts, similar of these popular films, and is known for the "Sharknado" film series. 


List of The Asylum movies

Below is the list of films created by the American film studio The Asylum. 

Gamma ray

A gamma ray, also known as gamma radiation (symbol γ), is a penetrating form of electromagnetic radiation.

It comes from the radioactive decay of atomic nuclei. Gamma rays have the shortest wavelength electromagnetic waves. Paul Villard, a French chemist and physicist, discovered gamma radiation in 1900 while studying radiation emitted by radium. 

In 1903, Ernest Rutherford called this radiation "gamma rays" because they strongly penetrated matter. In 1900 he had already named two less penetrating types of decay radiation (discovered by Henri Becquerel): alpha rays and beta rays in the order of penetrating power. Gamma rays penetrated matter even more strongly.

Gamma rays are ionizing radiation and are hazardous to life. They can damage bone marrow and internal organs. Unlike alpha and beta rays, they easily pass through the body and so they are a formidable radiation protection challenge. They need shielding made from lead or concrete. On Earth, the magnetosphere protects life from most types of lethal cosmic radiation other than gamma rays.

Legitimists

French Legitimist claimant descends from Jaime while the present king of Spain descends from his younger brother Don
Louis XVI of France 1792–1793

Louis-Charles, Dauphin of France 1793–1795

Louis XVIII 1795–1824

Charles X 1824–1836

Louis Antoine, Duke of Angoulême 1836–1844

Henri, Count of Chambord 1844–1883

Infante Juan, Count of Montizón 1883–1887

Infante Carlos, Duke of Madrid 1887–1909

Infante Jaime, Duke of Madrid 1909–1931

Infante Alfonso Carlos, Duke of San Jaime 1931–1936

Alfonso XIII of Spain 1936–1941

Infante Jaime, Duke of Segovia 1941–1975

Prince Alphonse, Duke of Anjou and Cádiz 1975–1989

Prince Louis, Duke of Anjou 1989–present

Utz Brands

Utz Brands is an American snack food company. It is based in Hanover, Pennsylvania. produces a variety of potato chips, pretzels, and other snacks, with most products sold under their family of brands. It was founded in 1921. It is also a snack supplier to warehouse clubs and merchandisers.

Family Ties (song)

"Family Ties" (wrote in all lowercase) is a song by American rappers Baby Keem and Kendrick Lamar. The song was released on August 27, 2021, by Columbia Records and PGLang. The song was the fourth single from Keem's first album, "The Melodic Blue". The song was also Lamar’s first song under PGLang, a production company he co-founded in March 2020.

"Family Ties" was Lamar's first single and new music since "Pray for Me" with Canadian singer The Weeknd, released in 2018. The song also was the first official collaboration between Keem and Lamar, who are real-life cousins, as well as the single’s cover art putting them in a family portrait, which pays homage to the album cover of Lamar's 2012 album "good kid, m.A.A.d city". The music video has a cameo from singer Normani and won the 2022 BET Award for Video of the Year.

The song was given two nominations at the 2022 Grammy Awards for Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance, winning Best Rap Performance. It also was given two nominations for Song of the Year and Video of the Year at the 2022 XXL Awards.

The song's music video was directed by Dave Free, and has a cameo from singer Normani, alongside Baby Keem, and Lamar who is billed mid-video as Oklama.

In the first scene, the music video begins with a moshpit of black men, who are wearing black bombers and sunglasses around Keem and Lamar, with the two artists wearing orange clothes. Black ballerinas are also in the scene. In the second scene, Lamar raps about still being big in hip-hop despite taking a break. Near the end of the music video, Normani appears in a stretch limo SUV with the two rappers, before the rappers make their last lines. Throughout the video, clips of different sizes and themes are placed on top of the video, being above the ones below them. The video is put into two "scenes", with scene 1 having Keem's section, and scene 2 having Lamar's section.

In a review for the song, "Pitchfork" wrote that "Kendrick's oddball (weird) raps and nonsensical flow switches express a newfound (new) creative freedom. His future is his own."

A Really Haunted Loud House

A Really Haunted Loud House is a 2023 comedy TV movie.

Uthmaniyya

The Uthmaniyya () were adherents of an early Islamic doctrinal stance which originated in the aftermath of caliph Uthman's assassination in 656 CE. The Uthmaniyya continued to support the deceased caliph and sought revenge for his murder. The Battle of the Camel (656 CE) and the Battle of Siffin (657 CE) both occurred within the framework of ʿUthmāniyyas versus ʿAlīds.

According to Isma'ili Shi'as, the Uthmaniyya had accepted the verdict of the arbitrators appointed at Siffin and held that Uthman had been murdered unjustly. Consequently, they repudiated the rebellion against Uthman and the resulting caliphate of Ali. In addition to the partisans of Mu'awiya, the Uthmaniyya included the upholders of the principles of the early caliphate, namely the rights of the non-Hashemid early companions of the prophet Muhammad to the caliphate. The Uthmaniyya adopted their own anti-Shi'a policies, such as the cursing of Ali from the pulpits after Friday prayers, a policy instituted by Mu'awiya.

Amr ibn al-As, Mu'awiya bin Hudayj, the Egyptian Uthmaniyya, and a bulk of the Syrians were responsible for the killing of Kinana ibn Bishr, the assassin of Uthman, as well as his men, which comprised the vanguard of Muhammad bin Abi Bakr, at al-Musannat.

In Yemen, the Uthmaniyya withheld their alms-tax to Ali and joined the rebels of Sana'a. They also protested Ali’s appointing of Ubayd Allah bin al-‘Abbas and Sa’id bin Nimran.


Al Jazeera America

Al Jazeera America was an American pay television news channel. It was owned by the Al Jazeera Media Network. It was launched on August 20, 2013. It was headquartered and run from studios on the first floor of the Manhattan Center in New York City. In January 2016, the channel announced that it would close on 12 April 2016, citing the "economic landscape".

Zumiez

Zumiez is an American multinational specialty clothing store. It was founded by Thomas Campion and Gary Haakenson in 1978. It has been publicly traded since 2005. It is a specialty retailer of apparel, footwear, accessories and hardgoods for young men and women. It is based in Lynnwood, Washington.

Urban Outfitters

Urban Outfitters is a multinational lifestyle retail corporation. It was founded in 1970. It targets young adults with a merchandise mix of women's and men's fashion apparel, footwear, beauty and wellness products, accessories, activewear and gear, and housewares, as well as music, primarily vinyl records and cassettes. It is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Kata'ib Hezbollah

Kata'ib Hezbollah is a radical paramilitary group. Kata'ib Hezbollah's allegiance is to the Iranian government. The group is controlled by the Quds Force, which is a branch of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, which is a branch of the Iranian Armed Forces.

Kata'ib Hezbollah is officially listed as a terrorist organization by the governments of Japan, United Arab Emirates, and the United States.

The group attacked the United States military and Iraqi military on 20 January 2024. In retaliation for the attack, the United States launched airstrikes against the group four days later.


Philautus juliandringi

Philautus juliandringi is a frog. It lives in Malaysia in Gunung Mulu National Park. People have seen it between 700 and 2000 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees that grow where thereis limestone in the ground. Scientists believe this frog lays eggs in pitcher plants but they are not sure.

Scientists say this frog is in a small amount of danger of dying out, but only small because one of the places it lives is a protected park, where human beings do not cut down the forest.

Southampton Old Bowling Green

Southampton Old Bowling Green is a bowls ground. It is in Southampton, England. It is the world's oldest surviving bowls pitch. It was first used in 1297.

Tim Mason

Timothy Mason (born September 16, 1974) is a Canadian bowls player. He was born in Penetanguishene, Ontario.

Mason found bowls when he moved to West Vancouver. He had played hockey, tennis and golf. He won the Canadian bowls championship twice.

Hugh O'Neill

Hugh O'Neill ( "Hugh the Great O'Neill"; c. 1550 – 20 July 1616) was an Irish Gaelic lord, Earl of Tyrone (known as the Great Earl) and. O'Neill's career was played out against the background of the Tudor conquest of Ireland, and he is best known for leading a coalition of Irish clans during the Nine Years' War, the strongest threat to the House of Tudor in Ireland since the uprising of Silken Thomas against King Henry VIII. And was king of Ireland until England conquest Ireland

Junghans Mega

JUNGHANS MEGA is the name of the world's first radio-controlled wristwatch with hands. It was manufactured 1991 by the German watchmaker Junghans.

The watch has a partially gold-plated stainless steel case. It has a white dial with two golden hands and a rectangular liquid crystal display and is protected by a circular, scratch-resistant mineral glass. The brown leather strap contains the antenna for receiving time signals from the radio transmitter. The watch is equipped with time zone adjustment, perpetual calendar (weekday, date, month), digital seconds, internal time memory, signal reception indicator and a transmitter call button.

The MEGA is equipped with an integrated radio receiver with a wrist antenna for receiving time signals on the longwave frequency of 77.5 kHz. 

Synchronization of time with the time signal transmitter is performed at 2:00 and 3:00 AM. In case of reception issues, the synchronization is repeated every full hour until 6:00 AM. The time accuracy of the Junghans MEGA radio-controlled wristwatches is 1 second in 1 million years.

The quartz movement is of type w605 with a quartz time base of 32 kHz. The power supply comes from a 3V lithium battery.

In 1985, Junghans introduced the first radio-controlled desk clock to the market.

1990 the manufacturer's engineers successfully miniaturized this technology. Now it could fit into the case of the digital wristwatch MEGA 1. In 1991, Junghans released the analog version MEGA with traditional hands to the market.

Turlough Lynagh O'Neill

Sir Turlough Lynagh O'Neill (1532 – September, 1595) was an Irish Gaelic lord of Tír Eoghain in early modern Ireland. He was inauguratedupon Shane O’Neill’s death, becoming "The O'Neill". From 1567 to 1595, Sir Turlough Luineach O'Neill was leader of the O'Neill clan, the most powerful family in Ulster, the northern province in Ireland. He was knighted in 1578. And lord of Ireland

Black News Channel

Black News Channel was an American pay television news channel. It was targeted the African American demographic. It was based in Tallahassee, Florida, and launched on February 10, 2020. The network filed for bankruptcy in March 2022 and was subsequently purchased by Byron Allen's Entertainment Studios. It later merged with TheGrio.

United Natural Foods

United Natural Foods is a Providence, Rhode Island–based natural and organic food company. It is the largest publicly traded wholesale distributor of health and specialty food in the United States and Canada. It was founded in 1996. It is Whole Foods Market's main supplier, with their traffic making up over a third of its revenue in 2018.

The Fresh Market

The Fresh Market is an American chain of supermarkets. It is based in Greensboro, North Carolina. It was founded by Ray and Beverly Berry on March 5, 1982, in Greensboro, North Carolina. 

Movie Gallery

Movie Gallery was the second largest movie and game rental company in the United States and Canada, behind Blockbuster Video. It rented and sold Blu-ray Discs, DVDs, VHS tapes, and video games. It was founded in 1985. On April 30, 2010, Movie Gallery announced it was closing and liquidating all of its stores due to a Chapter 7 bankruptcy filing.

Hershey's Cookies 'n' Creme

Hershey's Cookies 'n' Creme is a candy bar made by The Hershey Company and was introduced in 1994. It is a flat, white chocolate bar, shaped cookie bits. The standard-sized bar has 12 rectangular blocks arranged in a 3X4 grid. 

Warsaw Chopin Airport

Warsaw Chopin Airport is an airport in Warsaw, Poland. It covers 2,060 acres of land and handles around 40% of Polands air traffic.

Some Guys Have All the Luck

"Some Guys Have All the Luck" is a 1973 song by American R&B group The Persuaders and made number 39 in the United States and number 64 in Canada. It was covered by Robert Palmer in 1982 and Rod Stewart in 1984 and went to number 10 in the United States. It was taken from Stewart's 13th studio album "Camouflage".

Are You Sure Hank Done It This Way

"Are You Sure Hank Done It This Way" is a 1975 song by Waylon Jennings and was taken from his 22nd studio album "Dreaming My Dreams". It went to number 60 in the United States and topped the single charts on the country charts. In 2010 it was covered by country band Alabama for the tribute album "The Music Inside: A Collaboration Dedicated to Waylon Jennings, Volume One".

Golf ball

A golf ball is a small white ball that is used to play golf with.

Loosen Up My Strings

"Loosen Up My Strings" is a 1998 song by country singer Clint Black and is the fifth single from his seventh studio album "Nothin' But the Taillights". It went to number 12 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 6 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks charts.

Stephanie D'Abruzzo

Stephanie D'Abruzzo is a American voice actress and puppeteer who is best known for her role as Uma in "Oobi". 


Aulorhamphus

Aulorhamphus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene. It's assigned to the Gasterosteoidei in the order Scorpaeniformes.




Spiffy Pictures

Spiffy Pictures is a American production company known for producing "Jack's Big Music Show", "Doby & Disy", "Nature Cat" and "Donkey Hodie".

Gaza War

Gaza War may refer to:

Coach Me If You Can

Coache-moi si tu peux is a French animated television series, created and directed by Olivier Pouchelon. Produced by Xilam Animation, it is made up of 52 13-minute episodes, broadcast on France 4 and on Okoo since February 19, 2020.

Erico Platana, the greatest footballer in the world, sees his life turned upside down when a deranged sorcerer transforms him into a football, to punish him for his arrogance. To defeat the curse and regain his human form, the vain champion will have to deflate his ego and train his biggest fan to become as good a player as him... Problem: the latter is none other than Daniel Sissou, a clumsy and incorrigibly kind little boy who adores her more than anything. The blow is hard for the footballer, who trades his life as a star for a banal daily life and the fervor of crowded stadiums for a stale amateur club. But Erico and Daniel will quickly form a strong friendship, each having lots of things to teach each other. Too bad if they take it like a trick, together, they can only progress!

Eckhart (TV series)

Eckhart is a Canadian-American animated series that was created by C.H. Greenblatt and is produced by Nelvana and Disney Television Animation. It originally aired on Playhouse Disney in the United States and Treehouse TV in Canada and premiered on May 18, 2008.


Gasterosteoidei

Gasterosteoidei is a suborder of ray-finned fishes that includes the sticklebacks and relatives. It is currently classified in the order Scorpaeniformes.

Gasterosteoidei is treated as a suborder within the order Scorpaeniformes in the 5th edition of "Fishes of the World", but in other classifications it is treated as the infraorder Gasterosteales.

Historically, Gasterosteoidei was called the Gasterosteiformes. Recent studies show that the more typical members of that group (like scorpionfishes) arecloser to the "true" Gasterosteiformes, so we can see why it was changed.

These fish have the possession of an upper jaw and a well developed upward pointing process on the premaxilla. They have small mouths. The body usually has dermal plates.

Here are two of the extinct genera of the Gasterosteoidei:





Control-V

Control-V is a computer shortcut. In most operating systems, it is used to paste (insert) text or other content from the clipboard.

C. H. Greenblatt

C.H. Greenblatt is a American animator who has worked on a few episodes of "SpongeBob SquarePants", he created three cartoons, "Chowder" for Cartoon Network, "Eckhart" for Disney Junior and "Harvey Beaks" for Nickelodeon.

Ahmed Raza Khan Barelvi

Ahmed Raza Khan Barelvi, also known as Ala Hazrat, was an Indian Islamic scholar, theologian, jurist, preacher, and poet from Bareilly, British India. He is revered as the founder of the Barelvi movement and the Razvi branch of the Qadiri Sufi order. Considered a polymath, he wrote extensively on law, religion, philosophy, and sciences, mastering both rational and religious subjects. He was a reformer who defended Prophet Muhammad and popular Sufi practices, influencing millions of people. Today, the Barelvi movement has around 200 million followers in the region.

Parallel Lives

Parallel Lives, also known as Plutarch's Lives, Comparative Lives, Lives of Illustrious Men, and the Lives of the Noble Greeks and Romans is a book written by the famous writer, philosopher, and priest Plutarch in ancient Rome. The book reads about many pairs, which these pairs are biographies (stories of people's lives) of one Greek man and one Roman man of a similar life for every pair. These pairs are set to show moral goods and moral bads in the people Plutarch writes about. there are 23 pairs of stories, and 4 biographies that are unpaired, but Plutarch still wrote. There are many biographies, so they are often shown in many volumes.

Some of the pairs include Demosthenes and Cicero, Julius Caesar and Alexander the Great, and Theseus and Romulus.

A pair of Biographies, originally about Epaminondas and either Scipio Africanus or Scipio Aemilianus has been lost to history. Other lives have been shortened and have large lacunae (gaps), and/or have been messed with by writers of later times.

An example of Plutarch's Lives being important is Plutarch's life of Alexander the Great, which is one of the only writings about Alexander the Great, despite being a secondary or tertiary source. It has parts of Alexander's life that no other source has. This is also the same with the life of Numa Pompilius, which has unique details on the early ancient Roman calendar. Plutarch's writings have been celebrated for the liveliness and warmth of his Parallel Lives. Parallel Lives has gotten a large group of readers throughout its existence.


Needful Things (movie)

Needful Things is a 1993 American horror movie directed by Fraser Clarke Heston and was based on the 1991 novel of the same name by Stephen King. It stars Ed Harris, Max von Sydow, Bonnie Bedelia, Amanda Plummer, J. T. Walsh, Shane Meier, Don S. Davis and W. Morgan Sheppard.


Tom Sawyer (song)

"Tom Sawyer" is a 1981 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush and is the third single from their eighth studio album "Moving Pictures". It went to number 44 in the United States, number 25 in the United Kingdom, number 24 in Canada and did not chart anywhere in the world. It is based on the book "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" by Mark Twain.

Roland Kollmann

Roland Kollmann (8 October 1976 in Villach) is a former Austrian football player. He played as striker mainly for GAK. He also played for the Austrian national football team. In 2004 he was top scorer of the league with 27 goals.
Kollmann started his football career at his hometown club SC Landskron. He moved to FC Tirol Innsbruck. After a serious injury he moved to FC Kärnten in the Second league.He was an important player there for the promotion. 2001 he went to Twente Enschede but due to injuries he was not successful. In the 2001/02 winter break he came back to Austria and played for Grazer AK. There he celebrated his greatest successes. He became top scorer in the 2003/04 season and champion and cup winner in the same year. 2007 he went to SK Austria Kärnten. 2008 he came back to GAK. 2011 he left GAK and went to SVG Bleiburg in the Kärntner Landesliga (4th tier) In January 2013, Roland Kollmann moved to Klagenfurter AC in the fifth-class Unterliga Ost. He was not used in any championship games there. So he ended his career as a football player.
Kollmann made eleven appearances for the Austrian national football team, in which he scored four goals. He debuted on 26 March 2003 in a 2-2 draw versus Greece. His last match was on 9 February 2005 versus Latvia. 
2010 he was asistance coach with GAK. On April 3, 2012, Kollmann took over the position of head coach at Bleiburg . He then moved to Florida, where he accepted the position of Director of Coaching at the Schulz Academy. He also was a junior coach there. From 2017 onwards he was coach of two clubs from lower classes.

Prabhat Kumar

Prabhat Kumar is an Indian politician and retired civil servant. He was the Cabinet Secretary of India from 1998 to 2000. He is the first governor of the State of Jharkhand.

One Summer (song)

"One Summer" is a 1989 song by Australian singer Daryl Braithwaite and is the third single from his second studio album "Edge". It went to number 8 in Australia, number 4 in Sweden and number 5 in Norway.


Lonely Street (Carl Belew song)

"Lonely Street" is a 1959 song by Andy Wiliams and is the title track to fifth studio album "Lonely Street". It was written by Carl Belew and Kenny Sowder. It has been covered by a number of artists since its release.

One Armed Scissor

"One Armed Scissor" is a 2000 song by American post-hardcore band At the Drive-In and was taken from their third studio album "Relationship of Command". It went to number 64 in the United Kingdom, number 85 in Australia and number 26 on the Billboard Alternative Airplay chart.


New Market, Alabama

New Market is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP). It is located in Madison County, Alabama, United States.

Vahid Mousavi

Vahid Mousavi (Persian: وحید موسوی), is an Iranian pop singer.

Vahid Mousavi is the same singer who came on the stage and sang a lullaby in the preliminary part of the new era and impressed everyone, the same tall young boy with a body that looks more like weightlifters and wrestlers, came on the stage and sang and received positive votes from the judges. He also made it his own. When asked what do you do, he said, "I'm a plumber." He believed that he was better at plumbing than singing; But he read well.

Vahid Mousavi, a singer from Lorestan and selected for "Asr Jadid", who was arrested on November 10, was released on bail from Khorram Abad Central Prison on November 12.

Vahid announced in a video on his Instagram page: "All of us are at the foot of our Iran."

Altice USA

Altice USA is an American cable television provider. It is headquartered in New York City. It delivers pay television, Internet access, telephone services, and original television content to approximately 4.9 million residential and business customers in 21 states. It was founded in 2016. It is the fourth-largest cable provider in the U.S.

McMurdo Dry Valleys

The McMurdo Dry Valleys are valleys in Antarctica that have no snow. The Valleys have very low humidity and surrounding mountains stop the flow of ice from nearby glaciers. The rocks here are granites and gneisses. It is one of the driest places on Earth.

Qatari passport

The Qatari passport (Arabic: جواز السفر القطري) is a passport document issued to citizens of Qatar for international travel.

On April 20, 2008, the issuance of the Qatari electronic passport began, making the State of Qatar the first Arab country to use the electronic passport.

Short mat bowls

Short mat bowls is a sport. It is a version of bowls. Players roll balls down a carpet to get closer to a smaller ball, called a jack. The game is played on a rollable carpet. It is much shorter than other types of bowls. The carpet is 40-45 feet long and 6 feet wide.

New Market

New Market may refer to:


Dollar Tree

Dollar Tree is an American multi-price-point chain of discount variety stores. It is headquartered in Chesapeake, Virginia. It operates 15,115 stores throughout the 48 contiguous U.S. states and Canada. It competes in the dollar store and low-end retail markets. Each Dollar Tree stocks a variety of products, including national, regional, and private-label brands. It was founded in 1986.

Volume (bibliography)

A volume in bibliography is a single book in a series of many books of the same topic. These may be hand-written or printed. most volumes are labeled in order of sequence, labeled in either Roman numerals or Arabic numerals. 

Volumes may be published by the intent of the author, or they may be created from many bound issues (A single publishing of a numbered arranged publication). For an example of the latter, a library might bind the issues of a periodical newspaper or periodical journal into volumes. the word volume could also be used for an issue of a single periodical newspaper, journal, or magazine.

A publisher may on its own publish a volume out of earlier published issues; common in graphic novels. A volume may be made up of entries, as in an encyclopedia, or chapters, as in a monograph.

Airtight Games

Airtight Games was an American independent video game developer based in Redmond founded in 2004. It was made up of former members of FASA Studio, Will Vinton Studios and Microsoft, as well as several other studios, with key members included president and creative director Jim Deal, art director Matt Brunner, and co-founder Ed Fries.

Airtight Games was formed in 2004 by the core team that shipped the Xbox title "". Their first title was the 2010 action game "Dark Void", published by Capcom and released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 platforms.

In 2012 they released a puzzle-platform game with Square Enix as publisher, titled "Quantum Conundrum". They followed this up with two mobile games for iOS in 2012 and 2013, and "Soul Fjord", a hybrid roguelike/rhythm game developed as an exclusive title for the short-lived Ouya console and released in 2014.

In June 2014 they released the adventure-mystery game "", published by Square Enix and released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One. Earlier that year the studio had laid off 14 employees, and its creative director Kim Swift joining Amazon Game Studios. A month later Airtight Games closed in July 2014.

Brian Boru

Brian (born 941, near Killaloe, Ireland—died April 23, 1014, Clontarf, near Dublin) high king of Ireland from 1002 to 1014. His fame was so great that the princes descended from him, the O’Briens, subsequently ranked as one of the chief dynastic families of the country.

Donnchad mac Briain

Donnchadh mac Briain, also spelled Donnchad mac Briain (died 1064), was a King of the Munster Kingdom in Ireland. Brian Bóruma was the first man to establish himself as High King of Ireland by the force of arms in many centuries.

Muirchertach Ua Briain

Muircheartach Ua Briain (anglicised as Murtaugh O'Brien; c. 1050 – c. 10 March 1119), son of Toirdelbach Ua Briain and great-grandson of Brian Boru, was King of Munster and later self-declared High King of Ireland.

Máel Sechnaill mac Domnaill

Máel Sechnaill mac Domnaill, also called Máel Sechnaill Mór or Máel Sechnaill II (949 – 2 September 1022), was a King of Mide and High King of Ireland. His great victory at the Battle of Tara against Olaf Cuaran in 980 resulted in Gaelic Irish control of the Kingdom of Dublin.

Lacunae

Lacuna (plural lacunas or lacunae) may refer to:



Kings of Ireland

This page serves as an index of lists of kings of the Gaelic kingdoms of Ireland of the Early Medieval 


Battery swapping

Battery swapping is an electric vehicle technology that enables the rapid exchange of a depleted battery with a fully charged one. This method provides a swift alternative to traditional charging, commonly applied in electric forklifts. It offers an efficient solution for maintaining electric vehicle functionality without prolonged charging delays.

As far back as 1896, people were talking about a service where you could swap out a used-up battery for a fully charged one. The Hartford Electric Light Company actually started offering this service between 1910 and 1924. They did this through the GeVeCo battery service, mainly for electric trucks. If you owned a vehicle, you'd buy it without a battery and then get one separately from the General Vehicle Company (GeVeCo), which was partly owned by General Electric.

Beginning in 1917, a similar service operated in Chicago for owners of Milburn Electric cars. A rapid battery replacement system was implemented to service 50 electric buses at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

99 Cents Only Stores

99 Cents Only Stores is an American price-point retailer chain. It is based in Commerce, California. There are stores located in California, Arizona, Nevada, and Texas. It offers "a combination of closeout branded merchandise, general merchandise and fresh foods." It was founded in 1982.

Eddie Bauer

Eddie Bauer is an American clothing store chain. It is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. It sells its merchandise via retail stores, outlet stores, and online and via phone, with a call center in Groveport, Ohio. It was founded in 1920.

HD 217491

HD 217491 is an white bright giant star in the constellation Andromeda, the star is 1,914 light years away from earth

The name HD 217491 derives directly from the fact that the star is the 217,491st stars in the Henry Draper catalogue, and The name HR 8755 derives directly from the fact that the star in the 8,755th stars in the Bright Star catalogue

The name HIP 113603 derives directly from the fact that the star is the 113,603rd stars in the Hipparcos catalogue, and The name SAO 52587 derives directly from the fact that the star is the 52,587th stars in the Smithsonian Astrophysical Star catalogue

HD 221170

HD 221170 is a very metal-poor red giant star in the constellation Pegasus, the star is 1,814 light years away from earth

The name HD 221170 is because it is the 221,170th stars in the Henry Draper catalogue, however, the star does not have HR numbers, because the star is too faint to visible by naked eye

The name HIP 115949 is because it is the 115,949th stars in the Hipparcos catalogue, and The name SAO 73293 is because it is the 73,293rd stars in the Smithsonian Astrophysical Star catalogue

HD 121980

HD 121980 is a red giant star in the constellation Bootes, the star is 553 light years away from earth

The star is named HD 121980 because it is star is the 121,980th star in the Henry Draper catalogue, and The name HR 5254 derives directly from the fact that the star in the 5,254th stars in the Bright Star catalogue

It is named HIP 68279 because it is the 68,279th stars in the Hipparcos catalogue, and The name SAO 100801 from the 100,801st stars in the Smithsonian Astrophysical Star catalogue

IRAS 20322+4215

IRAS 20322+4215 is a red supergiant star in the constellation Cygnus, the star is 5,457 light years away from earth

IRAS 18111-2257

IRAS 18111-2257 is a red supergiant star in the constellation Sagittarius, the star is about 20,000 light years away from earth

If IRAS 18111-2257 was placed into center of the solar system, that It's will engulf Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Ceres, and even Jupiter, Because IRAS 18111-2257's size was 1,289 to 1,427 times large as the sun

in the Star Wars franchise, IRAS 18111-2257 was also named Primus Goluud, an red supergiant star in the Deep Core region, and Naga Sadow uses a superweapon to causing IRAS 18111-2257 explode into an supernovae

Medieval philosophy

Medieval philosophy was the thinking or philosophy that happened during the Middle Ages, a time from around the fall of the Western Roman Empire in the 5th century until after the Renaissance in the 13th and 14th centuries. It started in Baghdad, now the capital of Iraq, in the 8th century and later in France in the court of Charlemagne. During this time, people rediscovered the ancient Greek and Roman cultures and tried to connect religious teachings with worldly knowledge, especially focusing on understanding God.
The history of medieval philosophy is usually divided into two parts: the time in the Latin West until the 12th century, marked by the rediscovery of Aristotle and Plato, and the "golden age" of the 12th to 14th centuries in the Latin West. This period saw a revival of ancient philosophy, including the works of Arabic commentators. It also brought significant developments in the philosophy of religion, logic, and metaphysics.

The Renaissance humanists, who came later, didn't think highly of the high medieval Scholastic period, considering it a "middle period" between the glory days of Greek and Roman cultures and the rebirth of those cultures. However, modern historians see the medieval era as a time of philosophical growth, strongly influenced by Christian and Muslim theology. 

Medieval philosophy focused a lot on theology. Most medieval thinkers, except for a few like Avicenna and Averroes, didn't see themselves as philosophers but admired writers like Plato and Aristotle. However, they used philosophical methods to explore challenging theological questions. Medieval thinkers like Augustine and Thomas Aquinas made significant contributions to the philosophy of time and metaphysics.

The key principles guiding medieval philosophers were using logic and analysis to find the truth (ratio), respecting the ideas of ancient philosophers and aligning philosophical insights with theological teachings (concordia).

A major debate during this time was about faith versus reason. Avicenna and Averroes leaned towards reason, while Augustine emphasized the authority of God over philosophical investigations. Anselm tried to reconcile faith and reason, proposing an approach that allows for both. The Augustinian solution to the faith/reason problem was to believe first and then seek understanding (fides quaerens intellectum), a perspective followed by Christian thinkers, especially the scholastic philosophers like Albert the Great, Bonaventure, and Thomas Aquinas.


IRAS 18204-1344

IRAS 18204-1344 is a red supergiant star in the constellation Scutum, the star is located at around 7,500 light years away from earth

Hormel Foods

Hormel Foods is an American food processing company. It was founded in 1891 in Austin, Minnesota. It originally focused on the packaging and selling of ham, sausage and other pork, chicken, beef and lamb products to consumers, adding Spam in 1937. By the 1980s, it began offering a wider range of packaged and refrigerated foods.

The Hillbillies

"The Hillbillies" is a song by American rappers Baby Keem and Kendrick Lamar. It was a surprise song, first released on May 30, 2023, only on Youtube. The song was later put on streaming platforms on June 5, 2023, by PGLang and Columbia Records. A drill song, Keem and Lamar wrote "The Hillbillies" with its producer Evilgiane. It includes a sample of "PDLIF" by Bon Iver, and an interpolation of "Sticky" by Drake.

The music video, directed and edited by Neal Farmer, was released alongside the song. The video was filmed on a VHS camcorder, and has outtakes of Keem and Kendrick from their time together on Kendrick's Big Steppers Tour, while also including a cameo from Tyler, the Creator. Music reviewers liked "The Hillbillies" for its Jersey club-inspired production and fun chemistry.

From July to December 2022, American rappers Baby Keem and Kendrick Lamar were on the Kendrick's Big Steppers Tour. During the final stop of the tour's European visiting in Manchester, the cousins paused the show to film video for a potential music video they can "take back to L.A."

"The Hillbillies" was surprise-released on May 30, 2023, only on PGLang's YouTube channel. The song has hi-hats inspired by UK drill and bass-led Jersey club production. Lyrically, Keem and Lamar have and have flows with "their favorite subjects": women, fashion and fame. Throughout the song, they compare themselves to professional footballers Lionel Messi and Neymar, while Lamar brings up designers Martine Rose and Grace Wales Bonner. "The Hillbillies" interpolates the flow of "Sticky" by Canadian rapper Drake on its refrain, and samples the charity single "PDLIF" by American indie folk band Bon Iver. "PDLIF" also samples English musician Alabaster DePlume's single "Visit Croatia".

The official music video for "The Hillbillies", directed and edited by Neal Farmer, was released with the song on May 30, 2023. It was filmed only on a VHS camcorder during the end of the Big Steppers Tour's European visits, and follows Keem and Lamar as they travel around Europe and the United States. Landmarks put in the music video include the London Eye, Stephen's Green Shopping Centre in Dublin, and Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles. Keem and Lamar are seen "being in a silly, goofy mood" through the "casual" lo-fi video, as they explore and dance around some cities and in their private jet. American rapper Tyler, the Creator makes a cameo appearance in the video.

""'s Chris Deville was excited about "The Hillbillies" sampling Bon Iver and Alabaster DePlume, and said the song was "awesome" after some listens. He described the track as being more like a "hype-building pre-album loosie", rather than the "proper single" feel of Keem and Lamar's other songs, and said the song was a "blog-era classic if we were still in the blog era." "The Hillbillies" was named as ""'s "Best New Track", with Dylan Green saying that the song is the "most relaxed and loose" Keem and Lamar have seemed in a while. He liked the track for keeping up with their usual "silly" actions, and said their "ridiculous" were very funny. Jayson Buford of "" liked the track for giving a look of the vision for "whatever" Lamar and 's PGLang is going to do. He liked Lamar for being "irreverent (insulting) and fun in a way he usually is not," saying that some of his verses reminded him of his earlier works with and .

Ferrari F40

Ferrari F40 is a car made by Ferrari It was made from 1987 until 1992 and 1,311 were made 

Pro TV

Pro TV ( Romanian pronunciation: [pro teˈve]), (formerly Canal 31 ) is a television channel in Romania , launched on 1 December 1995 as the fourth private television channel in the country . The owner of the TV channel is Pro TV SRL.





Universal Sports

Universal Sports was an American sports-oriented digital cable and satellite television network. It was owned as a joint venture between InterMedia Partners and NBCUniversal. It was launched in 2006. On October 22, 2015, it was announced that Universal Sports would shut down on November 16, 2015, and that NBC Sports would inherit the network's portfolio of sports rights for its own networks. 

Fearless Records

Fearless Records is an American independent record label. It was founded in 1994. It is based in Culver City, California. It and is best known for its early pop punk moments captured in the Fearless Flush Sampler and Punk Bites releases.

Taco Cabana

Taco Cabana is an American fast casual restaurant chain. It serves Tex-Mex cuisine. It has 148 restaurants. It was founded in 1978. It is recognized for its "pink" color scheme and semi-enclosed patio dining areas. t is a wholly-owned subsidiary of YTC Enterprises LLC. It is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Lynnwood, Washington

Lynnwood is a city in Snohomish County, Washington, United States. It is part of the Seattle metropolitan area. 38,568 people lived here at the 2020 census. It is the headquarters of Zumiez.

Positions (song)

"Positions" (stylized in as "positions") is a song by Ariana Grande from her album "Positions (album)". It was released on October 23, 2020, by Republic Records. It reached the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100. It is Grande's fifth US number-one single.

Goya Foods

Goya Foods is a producer of a brand of foods sold in the United States and many Spanish-speaking countries. It is under third-generation ownership of the Spanish-American Unanue family. It is headquartered in Jersey City, New Jersey. It was founded in 1936.

Thanaleng

Thanaleng is a railway station in Laos. In 2024, Thai authorities said that (some) trains had traveled from Nong Khai station (in Thailand), to Thanaleng station.

Loppa

Loppa is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. In 2022, 859 people lived there. The administrative centre of the municipality is the village of Øksfjord.


Måsøy

Måsøy is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. In 2022, 1,162 people lived there.

Settlements include Havøysund.


Nordkapp

Nordkapp (English: North Cape) is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. In 2022, 2,947 people lived there.


Mo i Rana

Mo i Rana is a city in Nordland county, Norway. It is the administrative centre of the municipality of Rana. The city is in the Helgeland region. It is a few kilometers south of the Arctic Circle. In 2023, 25,980 people lived there, which makes it the largest city in Helgeland by population and the second largest city (after Bodø) in Nordland county by population.

It Takes Two (Marvin Gaye and Kim Weston song)

"It Takes Two" is a 1966 song by Marvin Gaye and Kim Weston. It was taken from their duet album "Take Two" and went to number 16 in the United Kingdom and number 14 in the United States and Canada.

In 1990 Rod Stewart and Tina Turner covered "It Takes Two" for the Pepsi television commercial. It went to number 5 in the United Kingdom and topped the single charts in Denmark.

Philautus nianeae

The Laotian shrub frog ("Philautus nianeae") is a frog. It lives in Laos. People have seen it between 471 and 979 meters above sea level.

This frog has smooth skin and black spots on the insides of its legs. It has light skin on its belly with dark spots.

Dawlat al-Islam Qamat

Dawlat al-Islam Qamat (), also called in English My Ummah, Dawn Has Appeared () is a jihadi song which became the unofficial anthem of ISIL. The song was released in December 2013 and became their most popular song in Syria. The American magazine "The New Republic" said it was the most famous song of the year 2014.
The song is a capella song excluding the sounds of a sword, feet stomping, and gunfire. The song was made by Ajnad Media Foundation which makes most of ISIL's songs. The song has also been used alongside speeches by the Nigerian ISIL affiliate Boko Haram by their leader Abu Umaimata (ra).

In the year 2015, one of ISIL's other media agencies (Al-Hayat Media Center) released a Chinese version called, "We are the Mujahid" (), a chorus that is 4 minutes long with a singer with a Uyghur accent.

1931 Lublin tornado

On July 20, 1931, a violent tornado struck the city of Lublin in Poland. The damage from the tornado was rated F4 on the Fujita scale by the European Severe Storms Laboratory. The tornado killed six people and injured at least 100 others.

The tornado destroyed several buildings in Lublin. Some structures had walls that were thick. Train railroad cars were overturned and some were moved a few meters away. Industrial chimneys were thrown by the tornado. Structures made out of iron were bent. Buildings made of wood in the path of the tornado were leveled to the ground. These included sawmills, homes, and barns. The Lublin slaughterhouse and sugar factory were completely destroyed. Other industrial buildings were destroyed as well. Some buildings had debris thrown over a mile away. A city bus was picked up and thrown by the tornado. The tornado traveled around and was destroyed as being a narrow “dark mass in the shape of a funnel”. In total, the tornado killed six people and injured over 100 others.

The Polish Weather Service estimated the tornado had winds between . This mean it was potentially at F5 intensity, as F5 tornadoes begin with winds at . Staff of the University of Warsaw and Adam Mickiewicz University in Poland as well as the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in the United States also believe the tornado may have been F5 intensity. A lot of the information about this tornado was documented by Polish scientist Dr. Romuald Gumiński. Gumiński was the vice-director of the Polish government Meteorological Department.


Aulorhynchus

Aulorhynchus flavidus, the tubesnout or pipe fish, is a species of marine ray-finned fish that is found off the western coast of North America. It is a member of its family, Aulorhynchidae. It is also part of its suborder, the Gasterosteoidei.

"Aulorhynchus", the genus name, is a combination of "aulos", meaning "flute", and "rhynchus", which means "snout", a reference to the flexible tubular snout of this species The specific name, "flavidus" means "yellowish".

"Aulorhynchus flavidus" is an elongated fish that is small in size. It looks like a stickleback, but has a thinner, longer body, with 24 to 27 small spines in front of the dorsal fin.

The tubesnout grows to 18 cm (7.1 in) in total length.

"Aulorhynchus flavidus" possesses a long snout, hence its common name.
"Aulorhynchus" likes to feed on small planktonic crustaceans, including amphipods, mysids, and crab larvae.

Like sticklebacks, these little fish produce a sticky secretion from their kidneys when breeding. "Aulorhynchus" attaches its eggs to kelp. Spawning occurs throughout the year, and males protect nest sites by defending them from predators. This species is also found in public aquariums.

The tubesnout lives in shallow marine waters off the Pacific coast of North America to a depth of 30 m (98 ft). It inhabits rocky crevices, kelp beds, eelgrass, and areas with a sandy bottom substrate.

Accodring to the IUCN Red List, this fish is a least-concern species.


A Tear Fell

"A Tear Fell" is a 1956 song by Teresa Brewer and went to number 2 in the United Kingdom and number 5 in the United States. Its B-side to her single "Bo Weevil" and was covered by Billy "Crash" Craddock and Ivory Joe Hunter.

Kawakawa, New Zealand

Kawakawa is a small town in the Far North District and in the Bay of Islands. It once had coal mining until the early 20th century and focuses its economy on farming. It has a primary school, a high school and hospital situated in the town. It has State Highway 1 and State Highway 11 intersecting in the town.

Kenneth Eugene Smith

Kenneth Eugene Smith (July 4, 1965 – January 25, 2024) was an American murderer who became the first person in the world to be executed by inert gas asphyxiation.

Smith was sentenced to death for the murder of Elisabeth Sennett in 1988, he and another man accepted $1,000 to end her life, the order was carried out by Sennett's husband who intended to collect the life insurance–to pay off some debts. ​Smith's partner in crime, a man named John Forrest Parker, was also sentenced to death and executed in 2010.

In November 2022, Smith was scheduled to be executed by lethal injection, but the execution was stayed after the execution team was unable to connect the intravenous lines to Smith in the time available before the expiration of the death warrant issued by the Alabama Supreme Court. As part of a settlement between the state and Smith, the state agreed not to continue Smith's execution by lethal injection (the default primary method of execution in Alabama) and instead make use of a secondary novel method of execution, nitrogen hypoxia., even after endless appeals, calls by activists and international organisations for mercy and the declaration of the United Nations that declared that the method could be torture, he was executed in Holman Prison.

List of rulers of Gwynedd

This is a list of the rulers of the Kingdom of Gwynedd. Many of them were also acclaimed "King of the Britons" or "Prince of Wales".
Cunedda Wledig ap Edern (Cunedda the Imperator) (c. 450–c. 460).

Maelgwn "Hir" ap Cadwallon (Maelgwn Gwynedd) (c. 520–c. 547).

Cadwallon ap Cadfan (c. 625–634).

Cadwaladr "Fendigaid" ap Cadwallon (Cadwallader the Blessed) (c. 655–c. 682).

Rhodri Mawr (Rhodri the Great) ap Merfyn (844–878).

Anarawd ap Rhodri (878–916)

Hywel "Dda" ap Cadell (Howell the Good) (942–950)

Gruffydd ap Cynan (1081–1137)

Owain Gwynedd ap Gruffydd (1137–1170).

Hywel ab Owain Gwynedd r. 1170; 

Llywelyn Fawr (Llywelyn the Great) ap Iorwerth (1195–1240),

Dafydd ap Llywelyn (1240–1246).

Llywelyn the Last ap Gruffydd (1246–1282).

Madog ap Llywelyn (1294–1295)

Owain Lawgoch (Owain Redhand) ap Tomas ap Rhodri (1372–1378),

Eobard Thawne

Professor Eobard Thawne, also known as Professor Zoom and the Reverse-Flash, is one of the main antagonists of the DC Comics universe, specifically serving as one of the two main antagonists (alongside Gorilla Grodd) of "The Flash" franchise and media.

He is a scientist from the 25th century obsessed with Barry Allen, the speedster hero known as The Flash, who developed the means to channel the Speed Force in order to replicate the Flash's powers, eventually creating his own Negative Speed Force. After encountering his idol and discovering that he was destined to become the Flash's archenemy, Thawne dedicated himself to destroying Flash's allies and making his life miserable; most notably, killing his mother Nora and framing his father Henry for the crime.

Following the events of Flashpoint, he became a "living paradox"—a being completely disconnected from the timeline—allowing him to use his abilities without consequence, and return from death indefinitely. He is one of the three arch-nemeses (alongside Gorilla Grodd and Captain Cold) of Barry Allen, being his most personal adversary, He also appears as an enemy towards Batman and the Justice League.

The character has been adapted in various media incarnations, having been portrayed in live-action by Tom Cavanagh and Matt Letscher in The CW's Arrowverse franchise, most notably in the television series "The Flash".

Province of East Prussia

What is East Prussia called today?

Kaliningrad

The northern part of East Prussia is the region of Kaliningrad, Russia. The city of Kaliningrad was originally known as Königsberg. The southern part is the voivodeship of Warmia-Masuria, Poland.

East Prussia was a province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1773 to 1829 and again from 1878; following World War I it formed part of the Weimar Republic's Free State of Prussia, until 1945. Its capital city was Königsberg. East Prussia was the main part of the region of Prussia along the southeastern Baltic Coast. 

King William I appointed Otto von Bismarck as the new Minister President of  in 1862. The Prussian victory in the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 enabled him to create the North German Confederation which excluded Austria from the federation's affairs and ended the previous German Confederation

Lukas Weißhaidinger

Lukas Weißhaidinger (born 20 February 1992) is an Austrian discus thrower and shot putter. He won bronze medals at the 2018 European Championships, 2019 World Athletics Championships and 2020 Summer Olympics.

Brunnenthal, Austria

Brunnenthal is a municipality in Schärding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.

Ohoka

Ohoka is a small township in the Waimakariri District, New Zealand on the northern outskirts of Christchurch. It has a school in the township and in 2022 a new subdivision proposed would include 1,000 houses, ships and retirement village.

Sankt Florian am Inn

Sankt Florian am Inn is a municipality in Schärding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.

Aubilly

Aubilly is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.


Bayugan

Bayugan is a city in the province of Agusan del Sur, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 109,499 people lived there. It is the only city in the province of Agusan del Sur.

Borongan

Borongan is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Eastern Samar. According to the 2020 census, 71,961 people lived there.

Catbalogan

Catbalogan is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Samar. According to the 2020 census, 106,440 people lived there.

Uarbryichthys

Uarbryichthys is an extinct genus of macrosemiiform fish from fossil beds near the Talbragar River Bed. It is a lake-dwelling fish that lived during the Upper Jurassic of Australia. It has the following species:


"Uarbyichthys" is the largest of the macrosemiids. It is characterized by a large head, with a pointed snout and a small mouth placed in a terminal position, and cartouche-shaped bones. The body is laterally compressed. The dorsal fin is big and high, especially in the front.

The anal and pelvic fins were small, while the pectoral fins were large and fan-shaped. It had a forked caudal fin. 

"Uarbryichthys" is a representative of the Macrosemiidae, a group of ginglymodian fishes. It is also the only known macrosemiid in Australia.



Paging

In computing, paging is the name of a technology that allows virtual memory. Sometimes, it is called swapping. It means that the operating system has a table, where it maps virtual adresses to real adresses. As the virtual address space is usually larger than the computer memory, a page is loaded when it is first accessed. In that context, "page" means a small part of memory, with data in it. Processors also do this, in a part of the processor called the memory-management unit, or MMU. Most of the time, the page that is loaded needs to replace anoher page, which is written to disk. There are different stragegies what page to replace. Among them are FIFO Buffers, and LRU.

2025 Formula One World Championship

The 2025 FIA Formula One World Championship is a planned motor racing championship for Formula One cars. This will be the 76th running of the Formula One World Championship.

The following constructors and drivers are under contract to compete in the 2025 World Championship.

The following constructors and drivers are under contract to compete in the 2025 World Championship. All teams are due to compete with tyres supplied by Pirelli.

After twelve seasons with Mercedes, Lewis Hamilton, will leave the team to join Ferrari in place of Carlos Sainz Jr. The would end Hamilton's record-breaking streak of most consecutive seasons driving for a single constructor.

The Australian will host the inaugural race of the 2025 season for the first time since 2019.

The Russian Grand Prix was under contract to feature on the 2025 calendar. However, the contract was terminated in 2022 in response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Mariapfarr

Mariapfarr is a municipality in the district of Tamsweg in the Austrian state of Salzburg.

Ross Stores

Ross Stores is an American chain of discount department stores. It is headquartered in Dublin, California. It has 1,483 stores in 37 U.S. states, the District of Columbia and Guam. It is the largest off-price retailer in the U.S. It was founded in 1950.

Remedios T. Romualdez

Remedios T. Romualdez is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 17,155 people lived here. 

Tubay

Tubay is a municipalty in Agusan del Norte, the Phillipines. According to the 2020 census, 25,785 people lived here.

Milhars

Milhars is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Milhavet

Milhavet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Miolles

Miolles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mirandol-Bourgnounac

Mirandol-Bourgnounac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Data warehouse

A data warehouse is a centralized place where data from many different sources can be stored.

An ETL model separates data in the warehouse based on whether they have already been extracted, transformed or loaded.

An ELT model first loads the data into the warehouse and transforms the data after it's been loaded.

A data warehouse needs effort to be created alongside the source storage. 


As opposed to a datamart, a data warehouse stores data for the whole company, not just for a given topic in the company.

A fact is a value.

There are three or more leading approaches to storing data in a data warehouse – the most important approaches are the dimensional approach and the normalized approach.

A fact is concrete piece of data. Dimensions are the metadata about the fact.

Separation between data (facts) and contextual metadata (dimensions) makes the data warehouse simpler. 

Some disadvantages of the dimensional approach are the following:


In the normalized approach, the data in the data warehouse are stored partially according to database normalization rules. Normalization removes data duplication by splitting each piece of data into entities. Each entity (e.g. customer, product, sale) relates to other entities. Reading a piece of data requires joining these entities together making reads slower.

Missècle

Missècle is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

List of awards and honours received by Mahathir Mohamad

This is a list of awards and honours given to Mahathir Mohamad.

Monestiés

Monestiés is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montans

Montans is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montauriol, Tarn

Montauriol is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montcabrier, Tarn

Montcabrier is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montdragon

Montdragon is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montdurausse

Montdurausse is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montels, Tarn

Montels is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montfa, Tarn

Montfa is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montgaillard, Tarn

Montgaillard is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montgey

Montgey is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montirat, Tarn

Montirat is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montpinier

Montpinier is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montredon-Labessonnié

Montredon-Labessonnié is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mont-Roc

Mont-Roc is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Citi Trends

Citi Trends is an American retail clothing chain. It sells discounted products targeted primarily at urban customers. It was founded in 1958 as Allied Department Stores. It has more than 600 stores in 33 states. 

Boscov's

Boscov's is a family-owned department store. It has 50 locations in the Northeastern United States. Its headquarters are in Exeter Township, Pennsylvania, near Reading. Twenty-six of these stores are located in Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1914.

Lynk &amp; Co

Lynk & Co () is an automotive brand based in Sweden that was founded in 2016 as a subsidiary of Geely Holding Group, a Chinese multinational automotive manufacturing company. Its headquarters is located in Gothenburg, Sweden. The main product of Lynk & Co is an innovative line of crossover vehicles. These vehicles are designed to meet the needs of a new generation of connected and conscious consumers. They aim to provide a seamless experience between the physical and digital worlds, offering advanced connectivity, shared mobility, and sustainable features. 

'Co' in the company's name stands for 'connected' and focus of the brand is on internet connectivity and innovative purchasing models, targeting a young professional demographic. According to Peter Horbury, the "intention was to position it between Volvo and Geely as a so called ‘near premium’ brand".
Lynk & Co started with three models intended for production, all based on the Compact Modular Architecture (CMA) platform developed by China Euro Vehicle Technology (CEVT) and used also by Volvo, Polestar and Geely. The first product announced by Lynk & Co was the crossover 01, the production version first shown at the 2017 Auto Shanghai show. Production of the 01 started in China in 2017, in Volvo's production plant in Luqiao district in the city of Taizhou, China. This is the same production line as the Volvo XC40 and Polestar but since then, Lynk have opened two manufacturing plants. Model 02, 02 Hatchback and 03 are manufactured at the Zhangjiakou plant, while model 01, 06, 08 and 09 are manufactured at the Meishan island plant 50 km from Ningbo. Model 05 is manufactured at Geely's Luqiao CMA Super Factory and model 07 will be manufactured here soon.

A concept of the second model, the 03 sedan, was first shown along with the production 01 in Shanghai. The third model, also based on the platform shared with the Volvo XC40, is the 02. Smaller than the 01, it is also a crossover.

Lynk & Co had originally planned to launch the Lynk & Co 04 as a compact hatchback, however, by 2020 it was cancelled and the nameplate was devoted to an electric scooter instead.

Bootloop

A bootloop (also named boot loop or boot-loop) is a problem that happens on computing devices which are unable to complete the regular booting sequence and reboot before it ends.

B&amp;G Foods

B&G Foods is an American branded foods holding company. It is based in Parsippany, New Jersey. It was founded in 1996 to acquire Bloch & Guggenheimer. The company has been publicly traded since 2007 and its primary growth strategy is to acquire "orphaned" brands, those which no longer fit with their parent company's primary business.

Peder Als

Peder Als (16 May 1725 – 8 July 1775) was a Danish painter. He painted historical paintings and paintings of people. 

Als was born in the city of Copenhagen in 1725, and studied from Carl Gustaf Pilo. In 1743, he sold a painting to the King of Denmark, which made him famous.

He attended the Kunstakademiet (the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts). He painted knights of the order of the Dannebrog there. He won the academy's gold medal in 1755. He went to Rome and Paris in 1757–62. In Rome, he studied from Anton Raphael Mengs. He spent most of his time in Rome copying the pictures of Raphael and Andrea del Sarto, and he did that correctly. He also copied Correggio and Titian.

When he went back to Denmark, he painted some good portraits, but a lot of people said that his colouring was too dark to give a good effect to his pictures of women. He became a member of the Kunstakademiet in 1764. He became a professor at the Kunstakademiet in 1766. He died in 1775.

He did paintings in oil, he also worked in pastel and produced miniatures.


Fresh &amp; Easy

Fresh & Easy was a chain of grocery stores in the Western United States. It was headquartered in El Segundo, California. It was a subsidiary of Tesco until November 2013. It was founded in 2007. On October 21, 2015, the chain announced it was closing all of its stores.
Samsung Galaxy S23

The Samsung Galaxy S23 is a series of smartphones in the Galaxy S series lineup. They are Android based smartphones and phablets designed, manufactured, marketed and sold by Samsung. They are currently succeeded by the Galaxy S24 series.

SAIC-GM-Wuling

SAIC-General Motors-Wuling Automobile Co., Ltd. (SGMW) is a joint venture between SAIC Motor Corporation Limited, General Motors Company, and Liuzhou Wuling Motors Co., Ltd. It was established on November 18, 2002, and is headquartered in Liuzhou, Guangxi, China. SGMW primarily focuses on the production and sales of passenger cars, commercial vehicles, and powertrains. The company's main products include mini commercial vehicles, multi-purpose vehicles (MPVs), SUVs, and engines.

In 2002, the American giant General Motors decided to establish a third joint venture company, next to Shanghai GM and the liquidated Jinbei GM, to produce cars for the Chinese market. The SAIC Motor concern was again invited to join the partnership, with a majority share of 50.1%, with GM's share being 34%, while the third party in the alliance was the commercial vehicle manufacturer Wuling Motors, with a 15.9% share in the company.

Initially, the concern's goal was to develop the offer and profits from the sale of Wuling vans and vans, which are popular in China, in turn, in 2010, a second brand focused on cheap passenger cars and SUVs was created - Baojun. After the previous activities of SAIC-GM-Wulinga were limited to China and its subordinated Hong Kong and Macau, in 2015 the first foreign branch was opened in the form of SGMW Motor Indonesia. It built its own factory in Indonesian Bekasi and established a locally focused offering of the Wuling brand.

SGMW remains in close partnership with the brands subordinated to General Motors and SAIC Motor, applying a badge engineering policy towards models, exporting them to global markets developing countries, mainly under the Chevrolet and MG brands.

Since 2020, SAIC-GM-Wuling has categorized its vehicle models into "Red Badge" and "Silver Badge." The "Red Badge" models are primarily designed for light commercial or entry-level passenger vehicles, while the "Silver Badge" models are used for more premium passenger cars in global markets.



SAIC Motor

SAIC Motor Corp., Ltd. (formerly Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation) is a renowned automotive brand that offers a wide range of products and services. With a strong presence in the global market, SAIC Motor is known for its commitment to innovation, quality, and sustainability.

SAIC began operations in 1955 as one of the first Chinese automotive companies. In Maoist China it focused on the production of one of the first cars of local design in the form of the Shanghai SH760 limousine line produced from 1964 to 1991.

The first cooperation with foreign capital, which made its technology available to SAIC, was established in 1984 through an agreement with the German Volkswagen, establishing the first joint-venture - Shanghai-Volkswagen. The breakthrough year was 1978, when, as part of the opening of the Chinese economy, purchasing foreign production lines and obtaining approval from state authorities for investment outlays.

The 1990s brought intensive development to the SAIC concern in terms of expenditure on the production of local variants of Volkswagen models, as well as partnerships with other foreign concerns. In 1997, another joint-venture was established in the form of the SAIC-GM alliance, which enabled the start of operations in China of American General Motors brands such as Buick and Cadillac and then also Chevrolet.

In 2004, SAIC Motor decided to buy its first foreign company, acquiring the South Korean SUV manufacturer SsangYong Motor in 2004, managing it for the next year 2010, after which there were conflicts of interest and allegations of intellectual property theft the cooperation ended with the sale of the South Korean manufacturer to the Indian Mahindra.

At the beginning of 2005, SAIC Group established cooperation with the crisis-ridden British concern MG Rover Group, obtaining the rights to launch the production of the Rover 25 and 75 models in China. The crisis of the consortium from Longbridge managing the MG and Rover brands ended in bankruptcy in the second quarter of 2005, and the bankruptcy estate was put up for auction. SAIC was interested in purchasing it, but the offer was ultimately outbid by another Chinese company, Nanjing Automobile, which acquired the group in July 2005.

Thanks to the cooperation concluded shortly before the bankruptcy of MG Rover Group, SAIC retained the rights to introduce its first own brand Roewe, which was a direct continuation of the British Rover brand. Its first model was a modernized Rover 75 under the name Roewe 750. In 2007, SAIC decided to merge with the previously competitive concern Nanjing Automobile, thanks to which Roewe was also joined by a second brand with British origins in the form of MG Motor, which was a continuation of the former British MG Cars.

At the end of 2009, SAIC Group decided to acquire another bankrupt British automotive company LDV Group, taking over the rights to produce the only vehicle produced by this company in the form of a commercial vehicle LDV Maxus. The car returned to production in China in 2011 under the new Maxus brand, which, analogously to Roewe and MG, took on the role of a direct continuation of the former British LDV. 

In the following years of the second decade of the 21st century, the offer of Maxus, the third independent brand of the SAIC concern, became diversified, in addition to commercial vehicles, also introducing SUVs into production and pickup. In 2016, the LDV brand returned to the market as LDV Automotive, which took over as the export name for Maxusa products for the UK and Australian markets. 

After gradually developing its foreign operations, including in South America, at the turn of the 2010s and 2020s, SAIC began to expand into large global markets such as Western Europe, East Asia, India or Australia using the MG brand.

In line with its expansion, SAIC actively pursues a badge engineering policy, diversifying MG's offering with Roewe products in the Middle East and East Asia, Maxus in India and Thailand, as well as Roewe and Rising Auto in the Western European market. In July 2023, SAIC entered into a strategic partnership with Audi, lending its electric vehicle platform to IM Motors. In this way, the German company saved on the subsequent costs of building models for the Chinese market by using local technology.

SAIC sells vehicles under a variety of brands. Brand names that are exclusive to SAIC include IM, Maxus, MG, Rising, Roewe, Baojun, Wuling, Hongyan, Sunwin

SAIC launched a luxury EV brand "IM" (dubbed "Zhiji Motor" in Chinese) jointly developed with Shanghai's Pudong New Area government and Alibaba on January 13, 2021. According to SAIC Motor, "IM" stands for Intelligence in Motion.

MG Motor designs (in UK and Shanghai), develops and markets cars sold under the MG marque while vehicle manufacturing takes place at its factories in China, Thailand, Indonesia and India. MG Motor is the largest importer of Chinese made cars into the United Kingdom.

Rising Auto (Feifan, 飞凡汽车), formerly R Brand, is an offshoot of SAIC's Roewe brand dedicated to new energy vehicles and intelligent vehicles. Early products are rebadged Roewes with the R7 crossover being the first original product. The upcoming following product is the F7 compact executive sedan.

Roewe was introduced by SAIC in 2006. It is sold in most export markets outside China under the MG Motor marque.

Maxus was formed in 2011 following the acquisition of LDV Group by SAIC in 2010, and produces MPVs, pickup trucks, and SUVs for both domestic sale and global export. 

A joint venture between SAIC, General Motors, and Guangxi Automobile Group (previously Wuling Group) Based in Liuzhou, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, in southwestern China, it makes commercial and consumer vehicles sold in China under the Wuling and Baojun brands. SGMW has recently found great success as an electric vehicle manufacturer — as of 2021, the venture's Wuling Hongguang Mini EV city car is the best-selling electric car in China by volume. 

SAIC Hongyan was established in January 2003 as Chongqing Hongyan and traces its origins back to a Chinese manufacturer established in 1965. The company is focused on producing heavy trucks.

SAIC Sunwin is a brand specialized in producing passenger buses and trolleybuses.
In 2021, SAIC announced an increase in its holdings of Nanjing Iveco (Naveco). SAIC's subsidiary, Nanjing Automobile Group holds a 50% stake, while SAIC itself holds 30.1%, and IVECO S.P.A. holds 19.9%. SAIC's ownership of Naveco has now risen to 80.1%, making the Italian brand a strategic investor.

SAIC participates in cooperative efforts with foreign automakers that see the products of large international companies such as General Motors and Volkswagen made and sold in China.

The following is only a partial list.

A joint venture between SAIC and Volkswagen Group. It was founded in 1984 and produces cars under the Volkswagen, Skoda, and Audi brands. 

This joint venture between SAIC and General Motors manufactures and sells Chevrolet, Buick, and Cadillac brand automobiles in Mainland China.

SAIC produces MG Motors vehicles through this joint venture with Charoen Pokphand for their Thailand subsidiary.

Established with Austrian technology provider TTTech in 2018 for Intelligent and Autonomous Driving solutions.

Marie Lebec

Marie Lebec (born 17 December 1990) is a French politician. She is a member of the Renaissance party (RE). In January 2024, she became the Minister Delegate for Parliamentary Relations.

Lebec was born in Vernon, France.

She was elected to the French National Assembly in June 2017.

Hunter Zolomon

Hunter Zolomon, also known as Reverse-Flash or Zoom, is a major antagonist in the DC Comics universe. He was the main antagonist of the "Blitz" and "Flash War" story arcs as well as one of the two main antagonists (alongside Professor Zoom) of both "Rogue War" and "Rebirth (2009)". He's one of the four arch-nemeses (alongside Vandal Savage, Captain Cold and Abra Kadabra) of Wally West, and also serves as an enemy of Barry Allen. He was a former F.B.I. Profiler that became paralyzed by an attack caused by Gorilla Grodd, due to this he asked Wally West if he can use the Cosmic Treadmill to gain motor functions but he was denied. He became delusional and attempted to use it, which caused it to explode.

He was able to regain the ability the walk and obtain powers similar to the speedsters but due to his distorted mind, he believed that Wally West couldn't help him because he never experienced . He thought the only way to get Wally to be a better hero was to be his greatest enemy, becoming the second Reverse-Flash and tormented him. He then lost his ability to walk again before gaining the Speed Force again, later reforming and sacrifice himself to save Wally West from the Black Flash and repair the Speed Force barrier that was caused by Thawne.

Zoom appeared in the live-action Arrowverse television series "The Flash", portrayed by Teddy Sears and voiced by Tony Todd.

In 2009, Zoom was ranked as IGN's 37th-greatest comic book villain of all time.

Qoros

Qoros Automobile is a Chinese automobile manufacturing company that provides customers with high-quality automobiles and services. Its products include SUVs, sedans and other models.

The company declared bankruptcy in 2022.

In December 2011, the company released an image of its first prototype, which made its first public appearance at the Geneva Motor Show in March 2013 with the Qoros 3 sedan pre-production model, together with the Qoros 3 Estate Concept and Qoros 3 Cross Hybrid Concept.

In September 2013, the Qoros 3 achieved a five-star rating in the Euro NCAP crash tests, making it the first ever Chinese car to achieve such a rating. It also received the highest score for safety of any car reviewed by Euro NCAP during 2013.

In November 2015, the Qoros 5 was launched at the Guangzhou motor show in China, with sales commencing in March 2016.

The Qoros 5 is the second model of automobile from the Chinese manufacturer Qoros Auto, jointly (50%–50%) owned by Kenon Holdings and China's Chery Automobile Company at the time.

The five-door CUV was launched at the Guangzhou Motor Show in November 2015. Sales commenced in China early March 2016.

The Qoros Young is a compact crossover from the Chinese manufacturer Qoros Auto, after the holdings of Qoros was jointly (50%–50%) owned by Kenon Holdings and China's Chery Automobile Company, the Qoros Young was revealed as a rebadged version of the Chery Tiggo 7.

The Qoros 7 is the third original model of automobile from the Chinese manufacturer Qoros Auto, under the control of Baoneng Investment Group at the time.

At the 2014 Geneva Motor Show, Qoros displayed a concept electric bicycle called the eBIQE.

The Qoros 2 was first displayed at the 2015 Geneva Motor Show as a concept plug-in hybrid SUV.

At the 2018 Beijing Auto Show, Qoros displayed a concept GT called the Qoros Mile 1 Concept.

At the 2019 Shanghai Auto Show, Qoros displayed a concept shootingbrake called the Qoros Mile II Concept.

At the 2020 Beijing Auto Show, Qoros displayed a concept sedan called the Qoros Milestone Concept.

Ms. Marvel

Ms. Marvel is the name of several fictional characters and superheroines in the Marvel Comics universe. The character was originally conceived as a female counterpart to the superhero Mar-vell / Captain Marvel. Like Captain Marvel, most of the bearers of the Ms. Marvel codename gain their powers through Kree technology or genetics. The characters who have become Ms. Marvel are Carol Danvers, Sharon Ventura, Karla Sofen, and Kamala Khan, who is the most known and current incarnation of the character.

Carol Danvers first appeared in "Marvel Super-Heroes" #13 (March 1968), Sharon Ventura debuted in "The Thing" #27 (September 1985), Karla Sofen made her first appearance in "Captain America" #192 (December 1975), and Kamala Khan made her debut in "Captain Marvel" #14 (August 2013).

The character has been adapted to different forms of media, including action figures, television series, and video games. The Kamala Khan version is portrayed by actress Iman Vellani in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) miniseries "Ms. Marvel" (2022), a role she reprised in "The Marvels" (2023).

Sharon Ventura

Sharon Ventura, also known as She-Thing, is a supporting character in the "Fantastic Four" comics published by Marvel Comics. She is a superheroine turned wrestler who is the ex-girlfriend of Ben Grimm (The Thing). She has been a member of the Unlimited Class Wrestling Federation, Frightful Four, Fantastic Four, and the Thunderiders. Sharon is also one of the few individuals to be called Ms. Marvel.

Created by Mike Carlin and Ron Wilson, the character first appeared in "Thing #27" (September 1985).

Karla Sofen

Dr. Karla Sofen (also known as Moonstone, Meteorite, and Ms. Marvel) is a villainess turned anti-heroine of the Marvel Comics universe who is a nemesis of Hulk and once disguised as Captain Marvel for a large amount of time, manipulating her allies. Like many other Marvel villains, she eventually redeemed herself and joined the Thunderbolts. She is the archenemy of Carol Danvers.

Moonstone is a former psychologist who got her powers from a fusion with a gravity stone designed by the alien Kree. The character has been depicted as both a supervillain and an anti-hero at various times in her publication history.

She was created by Marv Wolfman and the late Frank Robbins, and first appeared in "Captain America #192" in September of 1975.

Fuze Beverage

Fuze Beverage is a manufacturer of teas and non-carbonated fruit drinks enriched with vitamins. It consists of five vitamin-infused lines: Slenderize, Refresh, Tea, Defensify, and Vitalize. It was founded by Lance Collins and creative director Paula Grant in the basement of Collins' Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey home in 2000.

Goodwill Industries

Goodwill Industries is an American nonprofit organization. It provides job training, employment placement services, and other community-based programs for people who have barriers to their employment. It was founded in 1902.

Capri-Sun

Capri-Sun is a brand of juice drink. It is based in Germany and Switzerland. It was invented by Rudolf Wild. It was introduced in West Germany in 1969 by his company as Capri-Sonne. It is now sold in over 100 countries, with licensees including Kraft Foods in the United States and Coca-Cola Europacific Partners in parts of Europe.

Otto IV, Holy Roman Emperor

Otto IV (1175 – 19 May 1218) was the Holy Roman Emperor from 1209 until his death in 1218.
A member of the Welf dynasty, Otto was a son of Henry the Lion of Brunswick and Matilda, daughter of Henry II of England. Brought up at the court of his uncle Richard I of England, Otto was made earl of York in 1190
Otto was related to every other King of Germany. He married twice:

1209 or 1212 to Beatrice of Swabia, daughter of the German King Philip of Swabia and Irene Angelina.19 May 1214, 

in Aachen to Maria of Brabant, daughter of Henry I, Duke of Brabant, and Matilda of Boulogne.

Neither marriage produced any children.

Texas Roadhouse

Texas Roadhouse is an American steakhouse chain. It specializes in steaks in a Texan and Southwestern cuisine style. It is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky. It operates 627 locations in 49 U.S. states and 29 international locations in 10 countries. It was founded in 1993

Roy Rogers Restaurants

Roy Rogers Restaurants is a chain of fast food restaurants. It is primarily located in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern United States. It originated as the rebranding of the RoBee's House of Beef chain of Fort Wayne, Indiana, acquired by the Marriott Corporation in February 1968. It has 41 restaurants.

King of Jerusalem

The king or queen of Jerusalem was the supreme ruler of the Kingdom of Jerusalem, a Crusader state founded in Jerusalem by the Latin Catholic leaders of the First Crusade,

Godfrey

1099–1100

Baldwin I

1100–1118

Baldwin II

1118–1131

Melisende

1131–1153

Fulk

1131–1143

Baldwin III

1143–1163

Amalric I

1163–1174

Baldwin IV

1174–1185

Baldwin V

1183–1186

Sibylla

1186–1190

Guy of Lusignan

1186–1190/1192

Isabella I

1190/1192-1205

Conrad I of Montferrat

1190/1192–1192

Henry I of Champagne

1192–1197

Aimery/Amalric II of Lusignan

1198–1205

Maria

1205–1212

John I

1210–1212

Isabella II

1212–1228

Frederick

1225–1228

Conrad II

1228–1254

Conrad III

1254–1268

Hugh

1268–1284

John II

1284–1285

Henry II

1285–1324

Over the years, many European rulers claimed to be the rightful heirs to the kingdom.

Honest Tea

Honest Tea was a bottled organic tea company. It was based in Bethesda, Maryland. It was founded in 1998. It was a wholly owned subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company. On May 23, 2022, Coca-Cola announced it would discontinue Honest Tea at the end of 2022.

Black Flash

The Black Flash is a supervillain in the DC Comics universe. who is actually one of the many embodiments of Death itself - though Black Flash only goes after the souls of people who possess superhuman speed connected to a special power known as the Speed Force. Created by writers Grant Morrison and Mark Millar, and artist Ron Wagner, the character had cameos in "The Flash" vol. 2 #138 (June 1998), before appearing in full in "The Flash" vol. 2 #141 (September 1998).

It is unclear why Death takes on the form of Black Flash to track down speedsters - though some theories are made that either top-rate speedsters (such as the Flash) are too fast for traditional Death to catch up with or that Black Flash is a result of some kind of anomaly caused by the Speed Force itself, whatever the cause Black Flash exists for one purpose: to end the lives of speedy heroes and villains in the DC Universe.

It should come as no surprise that the Black Flash was an enemy of the Flash (both past and future-versions) but his appearances are fairly rare - as was the case for most personifications of death, after all the arrival of the Black Flash usually suggests that Flash is about to die or in serious danger of doing so.

Though unlike most versions of Death, the Black Flash is capable of being defeated or at least stalled so not all encounters with the entity need be fatal to a speedster, though a victory against a being like Black Flash is likely in vain as he will keep coming back until his job is done. Black Flash was killed off a long time until he made his return in DC Rebirth.

An original incarnation of the Black Flash appears in TV series set in the Arrowverse. This version was originally Hunter Zolomon / Zoom, who was transformed by the Speed Force and made to serve as its enforcer by hunting down speedsters who attempt to change the timeline and erase his targets from existence.

Mezzo Mix

Mezzo Mix is a soft drink made by The Coca-Cola Company and was first introduced in West Germany in 1973. It is a mixture of orange soda and cola. It is sold and produced in Germany, Switzerland and Austria.

Heath bar

The Heath bar is a candy bar made of toffee, almonds, and milk chocolate. It was first manufactured by the Heath Brothers Confectionery in 1928. It has been manufactured and distributed by Hershey since its acquisition of the Leaf International North American confectionery operations late in 1996.

Daily Bugle

The Daily Bugle (later the DB!) is an American fictional tabloid newspaper based in New York City. It appears in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The "Daily Bugle" is a regular fixture in the Marvel Universe, mostly in Spider-Man publications. The newspaper first appeared in the Human Torch story in "Marvel Mystery Comics" #18 (April 1941). It returned in "Fantastic Four" #2 (January 1962), and its offices were first depicted in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #1 (March 1963). It operates from the Daily Bugle Building located on 39th Street and Second Avenue. It was once one of the most read newspapers in the United States of America.

The "Daily Bugle" was first featured on film in the 2002 movie "Spider-Man". The fictional newspaper is meant to be a pastiche of both the New York "Daily News" and the "New York Post", two popular real-life New York City tabloids. The outlet appears in Sam Raimi's "Spider-Man" trilogy (2002–07), Marc Webb's "The Amazing Spider-Man" duology (2012–14) and Sony's Spider-Man Universe (2018–present). The agency is reimagined as a sensationalist news website in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movies "" (2019) and "" (2021), the SSU movie "" (2021), and the web series "The Daily Bugle" (2019–present), headlined by J. K. Simmons and Angourie Rice as J. Jonah Jameson and Betty Brant. An alternate version of the web series hosted by Nicque Marina was featured in promotional material for the SSU movie "Morbius" (2022).

Ford Prefect (character)

Ford Prefect is a character from Douglas Adams’s 1979 novel, The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy.

Philautus kakipanjang

The western long-legged bush frog ("Philautus kakipanjang") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it 750 meters above sea level in Kubah National Park.

This frog lives in western Sarawak. Scientists found it in forests on mountains, in two national parks. It has a long nose, long legs, and a large amount of webbed skin on its feet.

Sidney Chambers

Reverend Sidney Chambers is the Grantchester Parish Priest during the 1950s, played by James Norton. He made his first appearance in episode 1 of series 1 and made his last appearance in episode 2 of series 4.

William Davenport

Reverend William 'Will' Davenport is the Grantchester Parish Priest during the 1950s, played by Tom Brittney. He made his first appearance in episode 1 of series 4 and made his last appearance in episode 1 of series 9.

Geordie Keating

DI Geordie Keating is a member of the Cambridgeshire constabulary during the 1950s, played by Robson Green. He made his first appearance in episode 1 of series 1 and is a current character in the show. Geordie is married to Cathy Keating and they have children, the eldest of whom is Esme Keating. Prior to joining the police force Geordie was a solider during the War. He saw action in Burma were he was captured and spent time in a Japanese prisoner of war (POW) camp. It is discovered that Geordie is haunted by the memiors of this time and keeps a list of names of the men who die in the camp.

Kerikeri

Kerikeri is a largest town in the Bay of Islands and Far North District. It is located 80 kilometers northeast of Whangārei and is situated off State Highway 10. Its main economy is horticulture and has 4 schools including the main high school. 

Sweetener (song)

"Sweetener" (stylized in all lowercase) is a promotional song by the American singer-songwriter Ariana Grande. It was released on August 17, 2018, through Republic Records, as the promotional single from her fourth studio album of the same name (2018).

WEVD

WEVD was a New York Station that operated from 1927-2003 on various frequencies. The last WEVD frequency was 1050 KHZ.

Reading Royals

The Reading Royals are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2001. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Reading, Pennsylvania at Santander Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Lehigh Valley Phantoms of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Columbus, Ohio as the Columbus Chill from 1991 to 1999. The Chill would stop playing in their last two seasons. After the Columbus Blue Jackets arrived in Columbus, the Chill decided to relocate to Reading, Pennsylvania to become the Reading Royals.

On October 12, 2001, the team would play their first game as the Reading Royals. They would be defeated by the Trenton Titans 3–1.

During the 2012–13 season, the Royals would lead the North Division. They finished with 46 wins, 19 losses, and 99 points and would make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would end up winning the Kelly Cup after they defeated the Stockton Thunder four games to one.

On June 6, 2014, the Royals and the Philadelphia Flyers announced their affiliation. The Royals were previously affiliates with the Los Angeles Kings, Toronto Maple Leafs, Boston Bruins, and Carolina Hurricanes.

Trois-Rivières Lions

The Trois-Rivières Lions are a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2021. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Trois-Rivières, Quebec at the Colisée Vidéotron. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Laval Rocket of the American Hockey League (AHL).

On January 12, 2021, the new ECHL team was approved by the ECHL and would be owned by Deacon Sports and Entertainment, the same owners of the Newfoundland Growlers. The team would play in the newly built Colisée Vidéotron. The team's name would be revealed as the Trois-Rivières Lions. This was also the name of a team that played in the Quebec Hockey League (QHL) and Eastern Professional Hockey League (EPHL) from 1955 until 1960.

On October 21, 2021, the team would play their first game as the Trois-Rivières Lions. They would be defeated by the Newfoundland Growlers 6–3.

Worcester Railers

The Worcester Railers are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2017. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Worcester, Massachusetts at the DCU Center. They are the ECHL affiliate for the New York Islanders of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Bridgeport Islanders of the American Hockey League (AHL).

On January 26, 2015, the Worcester Sharks would be relocated to San Jose, California to become the San Jose Barracuda. This left Worcester without a professional ice hockey team. The city would not be given an ECHL like other recently relocated teams.

On February 8, 2016, it was announced that the ECHL approved an expansion team for Worcester and would be owned by Cliff Rucker. On April 3, the team's name would be revealed as the Worcester Railers. The team's name pays homage to Worcester's history in rail transport dating back as far as the 1800s.

On October 14, 2017, the team would play their first game as the Worcester Railers. They would be defeated by the Manchester Monarchs 4–3.

The team would be successful in their first season, finishing fourth in the North Division. They finished with 37 wins, 27 losses, and 82 points. They would make it to the North Divisional finals before losing to the Adirondack Thunder four games to two.

Outside Providence (movie)

Outside Providence is a 1999 American teen comedy movie directed by Michael Corrente and was based on the 1988 novel of the same name by Peter Farrelly. It stars Alec Baldwin, Amy Smart, Jon Abrahams, Shawn Hatosy, Jesse Leach, George Wendt, Mike Cerrone, Jonathan Brandis and Richard Jenkins. It was distributed by Miramax Films.


Pathanamthitta

Pathanamthitta is a municipality in Southern Kerala, India.

Kaiwaka

Kaiwaka is a small town in the Kaipara District, New Zealand. It is situated on State Highway 1 with Brynderwyn 8 kilometers to the north, Whangārei 60 kilometers, Wellsford 20 kilometers to the south and Mangawhai Heads is 18 kilometers northeast of Kaiwaka. It has a primary school that opened in 1871.

Trap beats

A Trap Beat is a style of hip-hop music characterized by its use of booming 808 kick drums, hi-hats, and snappy snares. It often features aggressive and repetitive patterns, creating a distinct rhythm. Trap music originated in the Southern United States and has become a popular genre with influences in electronic and mainstream music.

Roland TR-808

The Roland TR-808 is a classic analog drum machine produced by Roland Corporation in the early 1980s. It played a significant role in shaping the sound of electronic, hip-hop, and dance music. The TR-808 features various drum sounds, including the distinctive booming kick, snappy snare, and crisp hi-hats. Despite initially facing commercial challenges, it gained popularity and became a key element in the development of numerous music genres.

808 kick drums

The term "808 kick drums" refers to the deep, low-frequency kick drum sound produced by the Roland TR-808 drum machine. This iconic sound has become a cornerstone of various music genres, especially in hip-hop and electronic music. The 808 kick is known for its powerful and booming bass, contributing to the distinctive and impactful character of many modern beats.

Snappy snares

"Snappy snares" refer to the sharp and quick sound produced by snare drums in music, particularly in genres like hip-hop and electronic music. These snares typically have a short decay and a pronounced attack, contributing to the rhythmic and percussive elements of a beat. In trap and related genres, the use of snappy snares adds a crisp and energetic quality to the overall sound.

Mainstream music

Mainstream music refers to music that is widely popular and enjoyed by a large audience. It encompasses a broad range of genres and styles that gain widespread recognition and commercial success. Mainstream music is often characterized by its accessibility, broad appeal, and visibility in popular culture. It includes genres like pop, rock, hip-hop, and electronic dance music, among others. Trends in mainstream music can vary over time as different styles gain prominence.

Atlanta Gladiators

The Atlanta Gladiators are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1995. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Duluth, Georgia at Gas South Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Milwaukee Admirals of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Mobile, Alabama as the Mobile Mysticks from 1995 to 2002. The team would stop playing in 2002. In 2003, the team was moved to Duluth, Georgia to become the Gwinnett Gladiators. 

On October 18, 2003, the team would play their first game as the Gwinnett Gladiators. They would defeat the Charlotte Checkers 5–3.

The team would be successful during the 2005–06 season. They would lead the South Division. They finished with 50 wins, 15 losses, and 107 points and would make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would end up making it to the Kelly Cup and they were defeated by the Alaska Aces four games to one.

On September 9, 2015, the team announced that they were changing their name to the Atlanta Gladiators.

On June 6, 2023, the Gladiators and the Nashville Predators announced their affiliation. The Gladiators were previously affiliates with the Atlanta Thrashers, Chicago Blackhawks, Columbus Blue Jackets, Phoenix Coyotes, Boston Bruins, and Ottawa Senators.

Miss La Union

Miss La Union (Mutia Ti La Union in Ilocano) is an annual beauty pageant in the province of La Union of the Philippines. It began as the “Miss La Union” contest in 1978. The early editions were held years apart. The pageant took a break in 1992 and was not revived until 2000 as the “Millennium Mutya ng La Union” competition. Since 2011, it has become a major annual activity celebrating the founding of the province. In 2012, the pageant became known as “Mutia ti La Union” after the Iloko code was passed.

The Municipality of Agoo is the most successful municipality in Mutia Ti La Union. They have 8 titles in total. Agoo is the only municipality to crown her successor from within the same Municipality six times in a row from 2012 to 2017.

The reigning "Mutia Ti La Union" is Kristine Billy Mateo Tabaday of Sudipen, who was crowned on March 2, 2023, at the Baywalk Poro Point in City of San Fernando, La Union. This marks the third consecutive year of the municipality of Sudipen taking home the Mutia ti La Union crown, with Tabaday following the 2019-2020 back to back wins of Meghan Sanglay and Divina Marie Villanueva from the same town.

Archaeological culture

When archeologists always find certain types of artefacts together, and they can associate them with a specific region and time period, they speak about an archeological culture. They also say that the society has this material culture. This is an empirical observation, a good guess, though. It is based on how archeologicsts think, ethnic groups were distributed at the time. Often, there are long discusions about such findings. 

Advocates of culture-historical archaeology say that sets of material culture can be used to trace ancient groups of people that were either self-identifying societies or ethnic groups. Archaeological culture is a way to order archaeological data. It is focused on artifacts as an expression of culture rather than people. The classic definition of this idea comes from Gordon Childe:

Sanel Kuljić

Sanel Kuljić (10 October 1977 in Salzburg) is a former Austrian football striker.
Sanel Kuljić began his career at SV Grödig (1985 to 1993). Then he moved to the youth team of SV Austria Salzburg in 1991. He was part of the professional team which won Austrian championship title in the 1996/97 season. Kuljić was unable to became regular player under coach Heribert Weber. He moved to the regional league team PSV Schwarz-Weiß Salzburg. Kuljić managed to become a first division and even Austrian national player via the detour of the regional league and the second division. He played there for clubs such as SV Pasching, BSV Bad Bleiberg and LASK.

2003 Sanel Kuljić moved to SV Ried. In the 2004/05 season the club became Champion and was promoted to the Bundesliga. He became top scorer with 34 goalsin this season. With Ried he reached fourth place in the championship in the 2005/06 season Together with Roland Linz (FK Austria Wien) he was Austrian top scorer with 15 goals each in 36 championship matches.

In the 2006/07 season, Sanel Kujic played for the Swiss Super League club FC Sion. By March 2007 he had scored twelve goals in the Super League. Due to outstanding salaries he left the club. In June 2007 he signed with FK Austria Wien. After the end of the season Kuljić moved to SC Magna Wiener Neustadt. As team captain Sanel Kuljić led SC Magna Wiener Neustadt to the championship title and the promotion to the Bundesliga.

Kuljić announced a move to Neuchâtel Xamax in the Swiss Axpo Super League. 2011 he moved to AE Larisa. In 2012 he moved to the second division club Kapfenberger SV. On July 7, 2017, he joined the Lower Austrian eight division club ASV Baden. After five appearances and one goal, he moved to the Vienna seventh division team Sportunion Schönbrunn.
He played 20 matches for the Austrian national team. He scored 3 goals. He made his international debut on 17 August 2005 in a 2-2 draw against Scotland.
In November 2013, Sanel Kuljić was arrested as part of a major football betting scandal. Together with Dominique Taboga, Thomas Zündel and seven other suspects, he manipulated 18 games. H4e was sentenced to five years in prison in October 2014. In March 2017, he was released early for good behavior. In September 2019, Kuljić was arrested again dealing with cocaine. 

Alphy Kotteram

Vicar Alphy Kotteram is the upcoming Grantchester Parish vicar during the 1950s, played by Rishi Nair. He will make his first appearance in episode 1 of series 9.

Rishi Nair

Rishi Kumar Nair (born 22 January 1991) is an English actor. On television, he is known for his role in the Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks" (2017–2021) and the ITVX comedy "Count Abdulla" (2023). He is set to star in the ninth series of the ITV detective drama "Grantchester" (2024).

Oppegård

Oppegård is a former municipality in Akershus county, Norway. On 1 January 2020, the former municipalities of Oppegård and Ski merged to form the new municipality of Nordre Follo.

Råde

Råde is a municipality in Østfold county, Norway. In 2022, 7,633 people lived there.

Tom Brittney

Tom Christopher Brittney (born 26 October 1990) is an English actor who is best known for playing the Reverend Will Davenport in "Grantchester" (2019–present).

Drammen, Wisconsin

Drammen is a town in Eau Claire County, Wisconsin, United States. 792 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Montrosier

Montrosier is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Montvalen

Montvalen is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Moularès

Moularès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Moulayrès

Moulayrès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Moulin-Mage

Moulin-Mage is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mouzens, Tarn

Mouzens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mouzieys-Panens

Mouzieys-Panens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Mouzieys-Teulet

Mouzieys-Teulet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Kacey Ainsworth

Kacey Ainsworth (born 19 October 1968) is an English actress, known for her roles as Little Mo Mitchell in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" and Cathy Keating in the ITV drama series "Grantchester".

Murat-sur-Vèbre

Murat-sur-Vèbre is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Nages

Nages is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Navès, Tarn

Navès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Noailhac, Tarn

Noailhac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Noailles, Tarn

Noailles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Orban, Tarn

Orban is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Kinder der Landstrasse

Kinder der Landstrasse was a project of Pro Juventute, a Swiss non profit organization. It was started in 1926. At the time, thewre were many people in Switzerland, that moved from place to place, and that weren't sessile. This especially included Yenish people. The idea was to tear apart these families, and to make their children go to regular schools, and have a regular life. The life of the Yenish was seen as antisocial. The project happened against the will of those concerned, and ran until 1972. It was based on laws of 1912, which allowed to take away the right to care for their children from parents. In total, about 590 children were affected. The children were placed in orphanages or foster homes. The authorities were forced to pay between 2.000 and 7.000 Swiss Francs per victim. Those responsible, mainly Alfred Siegfried (1890-1972), Clara Reust (1916–2000) and those responsible in the Swiss authorities were never prosecuted. In 1972 the Swiss magazine Beobachter ran a story about the children, and how they suffered from the actions of Pro Juventute. 

Attorney of the Yenish people accused the Swiss Confederation of genocide. A UN convention of 1948 classified the taking of children of an ethic group, to forcefully integrate them into another group, in order to partly or fully destroy the first group as genocide. Kinder der Landstrasse was dissolved in 1973.

Books and movies were made about the subject. 


Padiès

Padiès () is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

The Château de Padiès is in the commune of Lempaut, 62 km to the southwest of Padiès.

Palleville

Palleville is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Pampelonne

Pampelonne is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Parisot, Tarn

Parisot is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Verdingkinder

Between about 1800 and the1960s, children from poor families were placed in other families. The idea was that they would get a better education there. In most cases, though, they were placed there because they were seen as cheap labor. These children were known as Verdingkinder. In German, Verdingung meant that the child was placed at a different family, in foster care. They had to do hard work, and got little or no pay for it. This happened mostly in summer, when there was a lot of work. It dids not only happen to poor families, but also to those where the authorities believed there was a problem (siuch as single-parent families, or families from ethnic minorities, such as the Yenish people. It happened to children in Switzerland, western Austria, and the souh of Germany. 

It also happened in other places. When it happened in Sweden, Astrid Lindgren wrote a story about it. The story is called The Red Bird, in English.

Albert Bettannier

Nicolas Albert Bettannier (12 August 1851 – 17 November 1932) was a French painter in the era of the French Third Republic.

Bettannier was born in Metz in 1851. He was the son of Jean Bettannier and Marie Bellatte. He studied in the Moselle department in France. When a place called Alsace-Lorraine, where he was from, was taken away by Germany because France lost the Franco-Prussian War, he wanted to stay French and went to live in Paris. He studied in the "Académie des beaux-arts". There, Henri Lehmann and Isidore Pils were his teachers. Starting from the year 1881, his paintings were often shown in the "Salon des artistes français." His paintings were often about losing Alsace-Lorraine.

Albert Bettannier got the Legion of Honour in 1908.

He died on 17 November 1932 and his funeral was at Vaugirard Cemetery in Paris.



Seneca Foods

Seneca Foods is an American food processor and distributor. It is headquartered in Fairport, New York. It was founded in 1949. It conducts its business almost entirely in food packaging, which contributed to about 98% of the company's fiscal year net sales in 2017.

Lowe's

Lowe's is an American retail company. It specializes in home improvement. It is headquartered in Mooresville, North Carolina. It operates a chain of retail stores in the United States. It has 2,181 home improvement and hardware stores in North America. It was founded in 1921.

Dr. Rabbit

Dr. Rabbit is an anthropomorphic purple rabbit dentist originally created by Colgate-Palmolive as a mascot for the company's Bright Smiles, Bright Futures campaign.

Tulu people

The Tulu people, also known as Tuluvas, are a group of people from Southern India. They speak the Tulu language and live in an area called Tulu Nadu. Tulu Nadu includes parts of Karnataka and Kerala, specifically the districts of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi in Karnataka, and a portion of Kasaragod district in Kerala. Mangalore in Karnataka is the main commercial center of this region. According to the 2011 Census, there were 1,846,427 native Tulu speakers in India.

Seven Vengeful Women

Seven Vengeful Women (; ) is a 1966 Spanish Italian Austrian Liechtenstein western movie directed by Rudolf Zehetgruber and Sidney W. Pink. It stars Anne Baxter, Maria Perschy, Gustavo Rojo and Perla Cristal.


Helle Karis

Helle Karis (February 4, 1944 Vändra - June 5, 2021) was an Estonian television and movie director, screenwriter and producer. 

From 1952 to 1957, Helle Karis studied at the Ida Urbel Ballet Studio in Tartu . When her father joined ERSO in Tallinn, Helle Karis entered Tallinn Secondary School No. 24 , graduating in 1962 with Leo Tõnisson . In 1960–1962, she studied at the Henno Arrak Painting Studio of the ESSR State Art Institute and in 1962–1964 at the Estonian National Puppet Theater Studio. From 1965 to 1970, she studied television directing at the Leningrad State Institute of Theater, Music and Cinematography (LGITMiK). The theatrical music films "Legend" and "Organ Reflections" were completed as a graduation project of this school. 

After graduating from high school, Helle Karis worked at Estonian Television as an assistant television director. As a TV director, she continued on ETV even after graduating from the institute. 

As a feature film director, Helle Karis has moved from a fairy tale to mythology and from there to existential problems. Vesta Reest and Meelis Piller have considered the introduction of fairy-tale-mythological material to Estonian feature films to be “epoch-making”. 

Helle Karist has also been named the mother of an Estonian fairy tale film. 

Helle Karis was a member of the Estonian Audiovisual Authors' Union ,  the Estonian Cinema Union (1985) and the Estonian Film and Video Studios Union (1997), a founding member of the Estonian Film Women's Union (1995).

Elze's Life

Elze's Life () is a 2000 Lithuanian German drama movie directed by Algimantas Puipa and starring Eglė Jaselskytė, Kostas Smoriginas, Janina Lapinskaitė, Andrius Paulavičius.

Whisper of Sin

Whisper of Sin () is a 2007 Lithuanian drama movie directed by Algimantas Puipa and starring Rasa Samuolytė, Aleksas Kazanavičius, Nelė Savičenko, Kostas Smoriginas, Remigijus Sabulis.

Jiadhal River

Jiadhol river starts fron Arunachal pradesh and flows through Dhemaji district, finally meets Subansiri river. It takes the name of Kumotiya River in Gogamukh. Jiadhol is also known as "Sorrow of Dhemaji" because of its damaged caused by annual flood

James Norton (actor)

James Geoffrey Ian Norton (born 18 July 1985) is an English film, television, and stage actor. He is known for roles in the television series "Happy Valley", "Grantchester", "War & Peace" and "McMafia." He played the title role in the 2019 film Mr Jones. He earned a nomination for the British Academy Television Award for Best Supporting Actor in 2015 for his performance as Tommy Lee Royce in "Happy Valley".

Tractor Supply Company

Tractor Supply Company is an American retail chain of stores. sells products for home improvement, agriculture, lawn and garden maintenance, livestock, equine and pet care. It was founded in 1938. It is publicly traded on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol TSCO.

Marmite

Marmite (/ˈmɑːrmaɪt/ "MAR-myte") is a British savoury food spread based on yeast extract, invented by the German scientist Justus von Liebig. It is made from by-products of beer brewing (lees). It is produced by the British company Unilever. Marmite is a vegan source of B vitamins, including supplemental vitamin B. It is usually spread very thinly on buttered toast.

Marmite is a sticky, dark brown paste with a distinctive, salty, powerful flavour and heady aroma. This distinctive taste is represented in the marketing slogan: "Love it or hate it." In British popular culture Marmite is often used as a metaphor for something that is an acquired taste or polarises opinion. Marmite is commonly used as a flavouring, as it is particularly rich in umami due to its very high levels of glutamate (1960 mg/100 g).

Marmite is also a French term for a large, covered earthenware or metal cooking pot, which is shown on the label. A different product of the same name is sold in New Zealand and Australia.

Morven Christie

Morven Christie is a Scottish actress. She is best known for her roles as Alison Hughes in the BBC drama "The A Word," Amanda Hopkins in the ITV drama "Grantchester", and Detective Sergeant Lisa Armstrong in ITV crime series "The Bay." 

Svobodny, Amur Oblast

Svobodny () is a town in Amur Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 58,778 people lived there.

Oliver Dimsdale

Oliver Dimsdale (born 28 October 1972) is an English actor, known for portraying Louis Trevelyan in the BBC TV serial "He Knew He Was Right and Grantchester."

Belogorsk

Belogorsk () is a town in Amur Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 68,249 people lived there.

Charlotte Ritchie

Charlotte Ritchie (born 29 August 1989) is an English actress and singer. She is best known for her roles as Alison Cooper in "Ghosts", Oregon in the Channel 4 comedy "Fresh Meat", Hannah in "Siblings", Alison in "Dead Pixels", Barbara Gilbert in the BBC drama "Call the Midwife", George in "Feel Good," Kate Galvin in "You and Bonnie Davenport in Grantchester". She was a member of the classical crossover group All Angels.

Tynda

Tynda () is a town in Amur Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 36,275 people lived there.

Al Weaver

Alexander Paul Weaver (born 3 January 1981) is an English actor and writer, best known for his role as curate Leonard Finch in the ITV series "Grantchester" (2014-present).

Shimanovsk

Shimanovsk () is a town in Amur Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 19,815 people lived there.

Biryuch

Biryuch () is a town in Belgorod Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 7,846 people lived there.

Melissa Johns

Melissa Johns is a British actress and disability activist. She is known for playing Sadie in "The Interceptor", Imogen Pascoe on "Coronation Street", Hannah Taylor in "Life", and Miss Scott in "Grantchester". Johns is an ambassador for disability in the arts and advocates for better representation of disability on- and off-screen and stage

Sean C. Flaherty

Sean C. Flaherty is an American lawyer known as the managing partner at Keches Law Group.

Flaherty received his undergraduate degree summa cum laude from Quinnipiac University, where he was a member of the Phi Beta Kappa. Later, he received his Juris Doctor from the New England School of Law in 2005 and acquired his license to practice from the Massachusetts Bar Association in 2006.

Flaherty joined Keches Law Group in 2004 and currently serves as the managing partner. He has previously served as the president of the Bristol Bar Association and the Taunton Bar Association. Flaherty is also an active advocate for injured workers' rights. In 2011, he received Excellence in the Law award by Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly.

Culzean Castle

Culzean Castle, constructed as an L-plan castle between 1777 and 1792 by the 10th Earl of Cassilis, was designed by architect Robert Adam. It replaced a previous structure and served as the fine country house for the earldom. The castle features a large drum tower with a circular saloon overlooking the sea, a grand oval staircase, and well-appointed apartments.

In 1817, the castle hosted the wedding of Margaret Radclyffe Livingstone Eyre, daughter of the 1st Marquess of Ailsa, to Thomas, Viscount Kynnaird. The castle and its grounds were gifted to the National Trust for Scotland by the Kennedy family in 1945, with the stipulation that General Dwight D. Eisenhower, the Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces in Europe during World War II, be given an apartment at the top of the castle. Eisenhower visited the castle several times, including during his presidency.

Culzean Castle has historical connections, as the Ayrshire Yeomanry was formed there in 1794. In 1961, the regiment returned for a ceremony to receive its first guidon. The castle underwent refurbishment in 2011, funded by a bequest from American millionaire William Lindsay, who was intrigued by Eisenhower's visits. In 2019, Culzean Castle welcomed 333,965 visitors.

Tower 22 drone attack

On 28 January 2024, the Tower 22 United States military outpost in Jordan was attacked by Islamic Resistance in Iraq. The attack resulted in the deaths of three American soldiers. At least 34 other soldiers were injured.


Catherine Keating

Catherine Keating is Geordie’s charming and mostly supportive wife, and mother of their four children. Her husband’s demanding job and lack of involvement at home has caused tension between them at times. She finds a great deal of satisfaction in creating a role for herself beyond homemaker. She made her first appearance in episode 1 of series 1 and is a current character in the show. Played by Kacey Ainsworth

AutoZone

AutoZone is an American retailer of aftermarket automotive parts and accessories. It has 7,140 stores across the United States, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Brazil and the US Virgin Islands. It is based in Memphis, Tennessee. It was founded in 1979. It is the largest auto parts retailer in the United States.

Savannah James-Bayly

Savannah James-Bayly is a British film producer. She is a development producer at Sly Fox Productions.

She was awarded a 2017 BFI Flare Festival’s mentorship. 

She grew up in Hawkhurst. She studied at Cranbrook, and University College, London.

She was on the jury of the 2016 Watersprite Film Festival. She co-founded Teen Club.



White British

White people in the United Kingdom are a multi-ethnic group of UK residents who identify as and are perceived to be 'white people'. The majority of the people living in the United Kingdom are white, with 87.2% of the population identifying as white in the 2011 United Kingdom census. The Office for National Statistics designates white people into several subgroups, These are: White British, White Irish, White Gypsy or Irish Traveller, and Other White

Lamb Weston

Lamb Weston is an American food processing company. It is one of the world's largest producers and processors of frozen french fries, waffle fries, and other frozen potato products. It is headquartered in Eagle, Idaho. It was founded in 1950.

Mendoza, Peru

Mendoza is a town in the Amazonas Region in Peru. It is the capital of the Rodríguez de Mendoza Province. The San Nicolas Airport is in Mendoza.

Bonnie Davenport

Bonnie Davenport is the Grantchester character during the 1950s, played by Charlotte Ritchie. She made her first appearance in episode 1 of series 7 and is a current character in the show. 

Advance Auto Parts

Advance Auto Parts . is an American automotive aftermarket parts provider. It is headquartered in Raleigh, North Carolina. It was founded in 1932. It operates 4,785 stores and in the United States and Canada. It serves both professional installer and do it yourself customers.

O'Reilly Auto Parts

O'Reilly Auto Parts is an American auto parts retailer. provides automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies, equipment, and accessories to professional service providers and do-it-yourself customers. It is headquartered in Springfield, Missouri. It was founded in 1957. It has 6,000 stores in 48 states, Puerto Rico, and Mexico.

Riceland Foods

Riceland Foods is the largest farmer-owned rice & soybean marketing cooperative in the world. It is headquartered in Stuttgart, Arkansas. It was founded in 1921 and has become a major rice & grain miller and a global marketer of the same. It is a Soybean and soy oil processor in the Mississippi Delta region of Arkansas where milling, pressing, packaging and distribution occurs. 

Philautus catbaensis

The Cat Ba shrub frog ("Philautus catbaensis") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam. People have seen it on Cat Ba Island in Cat Ba National Park, which is from 0 to 300 meters above sea level.

Scientists say this frog could be dead soon because it lives in such a small place and because people are still cutting down the forests where it lives to make farms.

Great Clips

Great Clips is an American hair salon chain. It has 4,100 locations across the United States and Canada. It is headquartered in Bloomington, Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis. It was founded in 1982. In 2013, it had system-wide sales of $1.03 billion.

Wesley Hunt

Wesley Parish Hunt (born November 13, 1981) is an American politician and military veteran. Since 2023, he has been serving as the United States representative for Texas's 38th congressional district. He is a member of the Republican Party. Hunt is also the first Republican and African-American to represent this district.

Vulnerable (Roxette song)

"Vulnerable" is a 1995 song by Swedish band Roxette and is the fifth and final single from their fifth studio album "Crash! Boom! Bang!". It went to number 44 in the United Kingdom, number 41 in Scotland, number 12 in Sweden and number 20 in Iceland and the music video was directed by Jonas Åkerlund.

All songs were written by Per Gessle.



WGBH-TV

WGBH/WGBX is a PBS station inside Boston, Massachusetts created in 1951. It has created most PBS kids and PBS programs like Arthur Molly of Denali Pinkalicious and PeterRafic work it out, wombats etc.

Ronin (Marvel Comics)

Ronin is an alias used by multiple characters in the Marvel Comics universe. The Ronin identity was created by Brian Michael Bendis and Joe Quesada, though the characters who have adopted the identity were pre-existing characters created by other writers. Following this, the Ronin mantle has been taken up by characters such as Maya Lopez, Clint Barton, Alexei Shostakov, Eric Brooks, and Bullseye.

Maya Lopez AKA Echo was the first person to don the Ronin identity. A deaf woman with photographic reflexes, Maya became Ronin to investigate the Silver Samurai in Wakanda. She first appeared as Ronin in New Avengers #11 (November 2005), though the character appeared on the covers of several earlier issues.

Clint Barton is the second person to have the Ronin identity, becoming Ronin when he rejoined the New Avengers in the aftermath of Civil War. He attempted to hand the costume back to Lopez after the latter was rescued from the Hand, but Lopez declined and allowed him to keep it. Barton later resumed his Hawkeye identity during the Heroic Age.

The third individual who dons the Ronin identity is Alexei Shostakov AKA The Red Guardian, he was introduced as Ronin in the "Widow Maker" crossover between the Hawkeye & Mockingbird and Black Widow titles. This iteration initially starts assassinating spies and eventually targets Mockingbird and Black Widow.

Eric Brooks AKA Blade is the fourth and most recent character to take up the mantle of Ronin. His identity is kept from the reader when introduced in the Mighty Avengers and dons a Halloween-type costume, "Spider Hero", during the Infinity storyline. During the Inhumanity storyline, this character is supplied with the Ronin costume from a "big box of Clint Barton's old stuff".

The Clint Barton incarnation of Ronin appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "" (2019) and the Disney+ series "Hawkeye" (2021), portrayed by Jeremy Renner.

Quicksilver (Marvel Comics)

Quicksilver (real name: Pietro Django Maximoff) is a fictional character, a former supervillain turned superhero from Marvel Comics and the Marvel Universe, appearing as a major character in the "X-Men" and "The Avengers" comics.

He is a human being who was genetically altered by the High Evolutionary, giving him the ability to move, speak and think at superhuman speed, and the younger twin brother to Wanda Maximoff. The siblings would become members of the Brotherhood of Mutants and fought against the X-Men, but would change their allegiances and joined the Avengers in "Avengers #16". In the "Ultimate Marvel" comics, he is the son of Magneto whom despises the Avengers, and is an on and off enemy of the X-Men. He has been a member of the Avengers, the X-Factor, West Coast Avengers, Avengers Unity Division, the Underground, the Brotherhood of Mutants, and ally of the X-Men.

He was created by the late Stan Lee, and the late Jack Kirby, and first appeared in "The X-Men #4" in March of 1964.

Since his debut in the comics, Quicksilver has appeared in other media from movies, television, and video games. In "", he was voiced by the late Paul Haddad and Adrian Egan. In the "" movie series, he was portrayed by Evan Peters. In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, he was portrayed by Aaron Taylor-Johnson, as Gabriel Gurevich played the character young.

Polaris (Marvel Comics)

Polaris (real name Lorna Sally Dane) is a fictional comic book character and superheroine appearing in books published by Marvel Comics, in particular the X-Men family of books. She is the daughter of Magneto, and a mutant with the ability of magnetism, and member of the X-Men.

She was created by Arnold Drake, Don Heck, Werner Roth and Jim Steranko, Polaris first appeared in "The X-Men #49" in October of 1968.

Józef Poniatowski

Prince Józef Antoni Poniatowski ( 7 May 1763 – 19 October 1813) was a Polish general, minister of war and army chief, who became a Marshal of the French Empire during the Napoleonic Wars. A nephew of king Stanislaus Augustus of Poland (r. 1764–1795),

Serenoichthys

Serenoichthys is an extinct, prehistoric bichir from the Late Cretaceous (Cenomanian) of southeastern Morocco. The type species is Serenoichthys kemkemensis. Only known at first from postcranial skeletons, complete specimens were later discovered.

"Serenoichthys" is named after the leader of the team responsible for the fish's discovery, Paul C. Sereno. The species name, "kemkemensis", refers to the Kem Kem Group in Morocco where the fossils were discovered.

"Serenoichthys" was a small fish. In comparison, the big polypterid "Bawitius" could reach up to 300 cm (9.8 ft), whereas "S. kemkemensis" could only reach up to 5 cm (2.0 in) in length.



Stanisław August Poniatowski

Stanisław II August ( 17 January 1732 – 12 February 1798), known also by his regnal Latin name Stanislaus II Augustus, and as Stanisław August Poniatowski, was and Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1764 to 1795, and the last monarch of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.

Philipp Hosiner

Philipp Hosiner (15 May 1989 in Eisenstadt) is an Austrian football player. The striker plays for Young Violets Austria Wien in the Regionalliga Ost (3rd tier). He is a former Austrian national player.
Philipp Hosiner started his career at SC Eisenstadt. Then he played for SV St. Margarethen. He later played for Academy Burgenland. 2006 joined the youth department of TSV 1860 Munich. In 2008 he became part of the second team. There he was top scorer. 2009 he went to SV Sandhausen. There he made his professional debut.

He then went back to Austria. In the 2010/11 season he played for First Vienna FC. After a season he moved to Bundesliga promoted team FC Trenkwalder Admira in June 2011. On 31 August2012, FK Austria Wien signed him. At the end of the 2012/13 season, Hosiner became Austrian champion with Austria and was the league's top scorer with 32 goals. He also was elected best player of season.

He was signed by the French first division club Stade Rennes in the summer of 2014. In January 2015, during a medical check at 1. FC Köln, a two-kilogram tumor was discovered on Hosiner's left kidney. He had a successful operation. Eleven weeks after the operation he played for the first time in the Stades Rennes reserves. Hosiner finally moved to 1. FC Köln on loan for the 2015/16 season. Hosiner did not return to Rennes for the 2016/17 season. He 1. FC Union Berlin in the 2nd Bundesliga. For the 2018/19 season, Hosiner returned to Austria. He played for SK Sturm Graz. The following season he played again in Germany for Chemnitzer FC in the 3rd league. For the 2020/21 season he moved to third division club Dynamo Dresden. With the team he was promoted to the 2nd league. In the following season he lost his place an moved to Kickers Offenbach. In 2023 he went back to Austria Wien and played for the 2nd team in the Regionalliga Ost. 

Hosiner played regularly for the Austrian youth national teams. In autumn 2011, the striker was called up to the senior national team for the first time . He made his debut on 7 October 2011 in the game in Baku against Azerbaijan. He scored his only two goals on 22 March 2013 in a 6-0 win against the Faroe Islands.

Promissum

Promissum is an extinct genus of conodont from the Upper Ordovician period. It is macrophagous, meaning it is probably a nektonic carnivore. It is one of the very few specimens preserving a body outline.

Well-preserved specimens were discovered in the Soom shale of South Africa in 1994. A preserved specimen of this behemoth reveals details of the trunk musculature, feeding apparatus and eyes.

"Promissum" was a rather large conodont, up to 40 cm (16 inch). It had a primitive mouth under its eyes with mineralized teeth. It looked like a small eel or large worm, lacking any kind of fins except for perhaps a small one on the tail. It was probably capable of maintaining a cruising speed. However, it could not maintain rapid bursts of speed.

Operation Lyari

Operation Lyari was a government-led crackdown against local gangs and crime syndicates in the Lyari area of Karachi, Pakistan. Part of the broader Karachi Operation, it aimed to restore law and order in the region plagued by violence and criminal activities.

Karachi, as Pakistan's largest city with a population exceeding 20 million, has a diverse demographic makeup, contributing to complex ethnic and political dynamics. Ethnic tensions and rivalries have historically led to sporadic violence, exacerbated by factors such as migration from various regions of Pakistan and neighboring countries.

The city is home to a mix of ethnic groups, including Mahajirs, Sindhis, Pashtuns, Balochis, and others, each with its own political affiliations. Political parties such as the Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) and Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) have strongholds in specific communities, shaping the city's political landscape.

Operation Lyari commenced in response to escalating violence attributed to local gangs, particularly in the Lyari area. Led by Sindh Rangers and supported by various law enforcement agencies, the operation targeted gang leaders and criminal networks responsible for extortion, drug trafficking, and other illicit activities.

The initial phase of the operation in 2012 faced challenges, including stiff resistance from entrenched gang members. Despite initial progress, the operation was temporarily halted amid political interventions and negotiations.

Following a change in government, a renewed effort was made in 2013 to curb violence in Karachi, including Lyari. Pakistan Rangers, with support from the federal and provincial authorities, intensified operations, resulting in significant arrests and disruptions to criminal networks.

Operation Lyari led to a substantial decrease in crime rates in the Lyari area, with the arrest or elimination of key gang leaders. The operation marked a significant milestone in efforts to restore peace and stability in Karachi, although challenges persist in addressing underlying socio-economic issues contributing to crime.

Another Lonely Night in New York

"Another Lonely Night in New York" is a 1983 song by singer Robin Gibb and is the second single from his second studio album "How Old Are You?". It went to number 71 in the United Kingdom and was a big hit in Europe where it went to #19 in Switzerland and #16 in Germany. It was never released as a single in the United States or Canada.

Qurm Nature Reserve

Qurm Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Oman near the Gulf of Oman. It is a protected place with a mangrove forest and wetland around a small river called Wadi Aday. The government of Oman established it in 1975 to take care of the environment. The name "Qurm" comes from the local word for the grey mangroves that grow here. It is an important place for birds and got recognition as an Important Bird Area in 1994. Also, part of it is a Ramsar site, which means it is internationally protected, since 2013.

If you go from the sea towards the land, you will find different areas like the beach, coastal dunes, tidal flats, and alluvial plains. The tidal flats get a mix of freshwater from rivers and saltwater from the sea, creating a diverse environment for many living things. The climate is typically hot and dry, like in most parts of Oman.

The Qurm Nature Reserve is home to many plants and animals. The outer coastal dunes have different types of grasses and plants such as Halopyrum mucronatum, Sphaerocoma hookeri, Suaeda fruticosa, Cistanche phelypaea, and Suaeda vermiculata. In the low areas between the dunes, you can find Lotus garcinii, Cyperus conglomeratus, and Heliotropium ramosissimum. The mangrove forest with grey mangroves (Avicennia marina) grows in places that get flooded during high tide. The sabkha flats just above high tide have plants such as Suaeda aegyptiaca, S. fruticosa, Cressa cretica, and more, which can easily grow in salty soil.

Moving away from the coast to the flat area, you'll see scattered trees and shrubs like Vachellia tortilis, Prosopis cineraria, Ziziphus spina-christi, Lycium shawii, and Bassia muricata. In the stony hills, there are similar trees and shrubs, along with others like Euphorbia larica, Commiphora myrrha, and Grewia tenax. At the eastern end, there's an grove of date palms with other wild vegetation.

In the wetland, there are various crabs, mollusks, and fish species. Some notable ones include Arabian toothcarp, tiger perch, goby, and common silver-biddy. The reserve is also a feeding and nursery place for other species like mullet, bigeye snapper, and commercially important shrimp. The mangroves provide food for marine detritivores.

The reserve is a home for nearly two hundred bird species, including Kentish plover, black-headed gull, Caspian gull, and greater flamingo. Land animals include the Arabian red fox and Balochistan gerbil. Sea turtles might have visited the area before recent human development increased.

Qurm Nature Reserve is a protected home for many different kinds of sea, land, and bird animals. The reserve is important for the sea because things like plankton and small pieces of plants and animals from the reserve go into the sea with the tides. This helps the sea animals and supports fish that people catch to eat.

Oman is on the way that birds travel when they migrate (move from one place to another), and the reserve is like a stopping point for these birds. They stop there to rest and eat during their long journeys. The mangrove forest also helps protect the land from big storms and keeps the water clean by catching and cleaning rainwater. People have been coming to this area for a very long time, even 6000 years ago, to collect oysters and whelks from the mangrove forests.

Michaels

Michaels is a privately held chain of American and Canadian arts and crafts stores. It is part of The Michaels Companies, founded in 2014 and headquartered in Irving, Texas. It was founded in 1973. It is North America's largest provider of arts, crafts, framing, floral and wall décor, and merchandise for makers and do-it-yourself home decorators.

Jo-Ann Stores

Jo-Ann Stores is an American haberdashery and mercery based in Hudson, Ohio. It was founded in 1943. It has 856 locations. The headquarters of the company is in the former General Motors Terex plant.

Welch's

Welch's is an American food company. It is headquartered in Concord, Massachusetts. It is particularly known for its grape juices, jams and jellies made from dark Concord grapes and its white Niagara grape juice. It was founded in 1869. It is owned by the National Grape Cooperative Association, a co-op of grape growers.


Harbor Freight Tools

Harbor Freight Tools is an American privately held tool and equipment retailer. It is headquartered in Calabasas, California. It was founded in 1977. It has over 1,400 locations in 48 states. t operates a chain of retail stores, as well as an e-commerce business.

Mott's

Mott's is an American company. It is involved primarily in producing apple-based products, particularly juices and sauces. It was founded in 1842 by Samuel R. Mott of Bouckville, New York, who made apple cider and vinegar. It is owned by Keurig Dr Pepper. 

Alex Fink

Alex Fink (born July 26, 1984) is an American programmer and entrepreneur. He is the founder and CEO of Otherweb, a startup focusing on news and social news media, and a co-founder at Swarmer, a startup dedicated to military technology.

Alexander Yakovlevich Fink was born in Tiraspol, then in the Moldavian SSR, into a Jewish family. He grew up in Israel. In 2008, after living and working in Japan for a year, he moved to the United States.

Fink attended the Technion, in Israel, and received a bachelor’s degree in computer sciences. He then attended the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and received an MBA.

In 2016, Fink founded Panopteo, a technical consulting company that developed video cameras and computer vision software. By 2021, he had a crisis of conscience and decided the world didn’t need more cameras; the company was slowly wound down despite 6 years of continuous profitability.

In 2021, Fink founded Otherweb an artificial intelligence company focused on using AI to help people consume higher-quality information. The company operates a portfolio of websites and apps that aggregate news, commentary, podcasts, research studies, and other forms of content, and use artificial intelligence to remove low-quality material. By November 2023, the combined user base of Otherweb’s products was 5.4m active users.

In 2023, Fink co-founded Swarmer - a military tech startup that develops software for managing drone swarm missions. The startup received funding from D3, a military tech fund created by Google’s former CEO Eric Schmidt. As of December 2023, Swarmer’s products are used by the Ukrainian Armed Forces in its defensive war against Russia.

Otherweb

Otherweb is a platform ecosystem that uses artificial intelligence to help users consume higher-quality information. Launched in August 2022 by Otherweb, Inc., a Public Benefit Corporation founded by Alex Fink, the platform can be accessed through an app for Android and IOS and a website. 

As of November 2023, the Otherweb had 5.4m active users across all media.

Republic of South Maluku

South Moluccas, also called South Maluku, is an unrecognised nation in the islands of Indonesia. The current population sits at around 1,881,727 people. There is no observed capital but the largest city is Ambon. There are 150 islands but the main ones are Ceram, Ambon and Buru. They are currently not a country though it is being disputed. Not much is known about the place.

Ahwak (Abu song)

"Ahwak" (), is a song by Egyptian singer-songwriter Abu. The song, at first released as a promotional single from, was released on August 25, 2019 from the soundtrack album, Al Anesa Farah – Music from the Original TV Series (2020). The song was released by Dream Studio, Universal Music Latino, Universal Arabic Music, Universal Music MENA and Republic Records as Abu wrote the song with written by Abu and his guitarist and producer Abu and Benny Blanco. "Ahwak" is the official soundtrack for the television serial drama "Miss Farah".

Adapted from TIDAL.

Production

Technical


Recording and management

"Ahwak" is an with a quiet arrangement accompanied by The song is written in the key of G major with a tempo of 110 beats per minute.

The song's accompanying music video premiered on July 24, 2020, on YouTube. The music video was directed by Wael Farag & Ahmed el Gendy. The accompanying music video for "Ahwak" was released alongside the song.

New Balance

New Balance is one of the world's major sports footwear and apparel manufacturers. It is based in Boston, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1906 as the New Balance Arch Support Company. maintains a manufacturing presence in the United States, as well as in the United Kingdom for the European market, where it produces some of its popular models.

Hélène Lam Trong

Hélène Lam Trong is a French movie director and screenwriter born in 1982 in Vietnam.
Hélène graduated from the Institute of Political Studies in Toulouse in 2004 and from the School of Advanced Studies in Information and Communication Sciences - Celsa in 2006. In 2014, she directed the documentary "L’absente, maman est en prison" (The Absent One, Mom is in Prison). In 2017, she took a stand against anti-Asian racism by creating the "Asiatique de France" music video with Frédéric Chau, Anggun, and other French Asian personalities. This video gained significant media coverage.

From 2018 to 2020, she directed four documentaries broadcasted on France 2: "Joséphine H," "Lilian Dubus et L'Enfant roux" (Lilian Dubus and The Red-Haired Child), and "Daech: les enfants du soupçons" (ISIS: Children of Suspicion). In the documentary "Réseaux de la colère" (Networks of Anger), she gave a voice to Thaïs d'Escufon and Joachim Son-Forget. In 2023, she directed the documentary "Daech, les enfants fantômes" (ISIS, the Ghost Children), produced by Fabienne Servan-Schreiber, which received a special mention from the Jury at the Documentary Festival on Justice and the Albert-Londres Audiovisual Prize.



Skechers

Skechers is an American multinational footwear and apparel company. it is headquartered in Manhattan Beach, California. It was founded in 1992. It is the third largest footwear brand in the United States by revenue.

List of Dutch painters

This is a list of Dutch painters.










List of songs in Miss Farah

The following is a list of songs featured in the television series "Miss Farah".

Beet greens

Beet Greens refer to the leafy green tops of the beetroot plant (Beta vulgaris). These are an integral part of the beet plant. They have vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants. Often overlooked, beet greens have gained recognition in recent years for their culinary versatility and health benefits.

Skibidi Toilet

Skibidi Toilet is a Georgian 3D animated series on YouTube and is an internet meme. It is about a race of strange creatures called Skibidi Toilets, which are toilets with human heads in the bowl, and their war with another race of strange creatures called Cameraman. The game uses Garry's Mod as it's animation engine tool. 

The Origin of Skibidi Toilet can be seen back from Feburary 2023, when the creator, Alexey Gerasimov, made his first video for Skibidi Toilet. The Music that he used is a remix of "Give It To Me" by Timbaland and "Dom Dom Yes Yes" by Biser King.

The videos spread across social media. A large amount of that popularity came from platforms such as TikTok, YouTube, X, Instagram, and Facebook. The videos get over 30 million views per video on the YouTube video streaming platform and have 103,157,282,613,702 views on all videos combined. The people on these platforms call it "brain rot" and think it is bad for the children. Their channel has 39.1 million subscribers on the YouTube video streaming platform. There have also been unofficial merchandise on dropshipping platforms such as Alibaba or Amazon. 

The videos earn the creator around 1250 USD every year and 90.9 USD every month or approximately 3310.25 GEL every year and 260 GEL every month.

The Skibidi Toilet meme has influenced internet memes and online trends. The meme has been referenced in many forms of media, including TV shows, adverts, and even in concerts by other artists.

Despite being a non fictional and humorous thing, the Skibidi Toilet meme has become a symbol of skibidi culture, especially towards Generation Alpha.

Peter III of Russia

Peter III, (born February 21 [February 10, Old Style], 1728, Kiel, Holstein-Gottorp [Germany]—died July 18 [July 7, Old Style], 1762, Ropsha, near St. Petersburg, Russia), emperor of Russia from January 5, 1762 (December 25, 1761, Old Style), to July 9 (June 28, Old Style), 1762.

Janusz Bugajski

Janusz Bugajski (born 23 September 1954 in Nantwich, Cheshire, England) is a senior fellow at the Jamestown Foundation in Washington, DC.

He is also the host of the television show "Bugajski Hour", which is broadcasted in the Balkans. He previously served as a senior fellow at the Center for European Policy Analysis (CEPA) in Washington, DC and served as director of the New European Democracy Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS).

From 1981 to 1983, Bugajski worked as a consultant on Polish affairs at BBC television in London. In 1984-1985, he worked as a senior research analyst at Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL) in Munich, Germany. In 1986, he joined the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) in Washington, DC, where he established the Eastern European Division. Bugajski served as Associate Director from 1986 to 1993, and in 1993 became Director of East European Studies at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, DC.

Bugajski has worked as a consultant on Eastern European affairs for organizations and US government agencies, including the US Agency for International Development (USAID), the US Department of Defense, the International Republican Institute (IRI), the Institute of Free Trade Unions ( AFL-CIO ), the Council on International Studies and Exchanges (IREX) and BBC Television in London.

He regularly testifies before US Congress and is also the chair of the Southern and Central European Studies Program at the Diplomatic Service Institute of US State Department.

Jamestown Foundation analyst

One of the main speakers of Forum of the Free States of Postrussia (2022-present)

Born to teacher Piotr Bugajski and Jadwiga (Kavska) Bugajski, he is of Polish descent and speaks English and Polish fluently. In 1977 he received a bachelor's degree with honors from the University of Kent in Canterbury, Great Britain, and in 1981 he received a master's degree in philosophy and a doctorate in social anthropology from the London School of Economics and Political Science.

Bugajski was also an associate professor at American University in 1991; lecturer at the Smithsonian Institution, Institute of Diplomatic Service, Woodrow Wilson Center ; a consultant to the International Republican Institute, the Council for International Studies and Exchanges, and the Institute for Democracy in Eastern Europe.

Bugajski was awarded grants in 1988 from the Earhart Foundation, in 1989 from the Linda and Harry Bradley Foundation. In 1991, he received an award for leadership from the Center for Strategic and International Studies. In 1998, he received the Distinguished Public Service Award from the United States Department of State, the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), the United States Information Agency (USIA), and the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency in recognition of his contributions to international affairs.

In 2010, he was awarded the Thanks of the Polish free trade union "Solidarity". He is a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Slavic Studies.

He is a regular contributor to various American and European newspapers and magazines.

Bugajski’s publications include "Ethnic Politics in Eastern Europe: A Guide to Nationalities, Politics, Organizations, and Parties" (M. IS. Sharpe, 1994) and his book Nations in Turmoil: Conflict and Cooperation in Eastern Europe (Westview, 1992 and 1995), which was selected by Choice as an outstanding academic book. It also reflects the tension between Russia and the West and Russian "neo-imperialism" in various conflict regions, such as the lessons of the Russian-Georgian war in August 2008.

A list of publications is published on the CSIS homepage 


List of publications on the CEPA website 



Lulu in Hollywood

"Lulu in Hollywood" is a collection of essays by the silent film actress Louise Brooks. First published in 1982, the book brings together seven previously published autobiographical essays, namely “Kansas to New York”, “On Location with Billy Wellman”, “Marion Davies’ Niece”, “Humphrey and Bogey”, “The Other Face of W. C. Fields”, “Gish and Garbo” and “Pabst and Lulu”.

Each of the pieces collected in "Lulu in Hollywood" were published in magazines and film journals beginning in the late 1950s. The copyright page states that portions of the book appeared in different form in "Film Culture", "London Magazine", "Image", and "Sight and Sound". The first edition includes an introduction by "New Yorker" editor William Shawn, an afterword, "A Witness Speaks," by film historian Lotte H. Eisner, as well as a condensed filmography and illustrations.

"Lulu in Hollywood" was first published by Alfred A. Knopf in hardback in May, 1982. The following year, Knopf issued the book in softcover. Limelight Editions reprinted the book in paperback in 1989. "Lulu in Hollywood" was also published in England, and in translation in France (as "Louise Brooks", and later as "Loulou a Hollywood"), Germany ("Lulu in Berlin und Hollywood"), Italy ("Lulu a Hollywood"), The Netherlands ("Loulou in Hollywood"), and Spain ("Lulu en Hollywood"). A Japanese edition of "Lulu in Hollywood", published in 1984, is radically different in its design and selection of text. The Japanese edition, titled "Ruizu Burukkusu to "Ruru"" ("Louise Brooks to "Lulu"") contains Brooks’ essays, “Gish and Garbo” and “Pabst and Lulu”, along with the filmography and images contained in "Lulu in Hollywood". 

In the late 1990s, "Lulu in Hollywood" went out-of-print in the United States. In the year 2000, aided in part by a grass-roots campaign led by the Louise Brooks Society, "Lulu in Hollywood" was republished in an expanded edition by the University of Minnesota Press. The University of Minnesota edition was given a new look, with redesigned front and back covers. It was expanded to include an eighth essay by Brooks, "Why I Will Never Write My Memoirs,” while Shawn's introduction was replaced by Kenneth Tynan's 1979 "New Yorker" profile, “The Girl in the Black Helmet”. The University of Minnesota edition was later published in Russia as "Лулу в Голливуде".

"Lulu in Hollywood" was widely reviewed following its initial publication. Writing in "Esquire" magazine, James Wolcott described "Lulu in Hollywood" as "A tart, fleet, gossipy book, a whip-flicking display of wit and spite," adding "In "Lulu in Hollywood", Brooks writes about her contemporaries with a darting precision and down-to-earth compassion that make the mythologizing of most movie commentators sound like so much hot wheeze. . . . Louise Brooks emerges not as a white goddess wreathed in incense, but as a sassy companion, wisecracking, knowledgeable, completely free of cant and coy sentiment."

Writing in "Sight and Sound", the English critic John Russell Taylor stated, "Louise Brooks is a woman of ideas. Her writings — and this, for an actor, is really extraordinary — are about something more than just herself. She has ideas about Hollywood, she has ideas about life, and she does not necessarily confuse the two. . . . If Brooks has an Achilles heel, it is her own intelligence: she tends to attribute to others as much self-awareness and analytical power as she has herself."

Other largely positive reviews were written by William K. Everson, Herman G. Weinberg, Stanley Kaufman, David Thomson, John Lahr, Michael Dirda, and John Updike.

One of the few negative reviews the book received was authored by Auberon Waugh, son of the novelist Evelyn Waugh. The younger Waugh wrote in the London "Daily Mail" that Brooks had been "hanging around" since the end of her film career in 1938. "It sounds rather a miserable life, and she sounds rather a miserable woman" Waugh noted, adding "Her book may not teach us much about the cinema, but it provides a gloomy little object lesson in sexual morals: Don't let your daughter on the stage.". One other especially negative review was written by Lawrence J. Quirk, nephew of "Photoplay" magazine editor James R. Quirk. Its title, "Lulu in Hollywood: A Weird Case of Media Super-Hype, Whitewash and Cover-Up Galore," speaks to the tone of his review.

"Appendix: Errata in "Lulu in Hollywood"" was published in the 1989 biography of the actress by Barry Paris. It point to nearly a dozen errors in "Lulu in Hollywood". The appendix states: "The major and minor errors in "Lulu in Hollywood" cited here have been identified by Kevin Brownlow, William K. Everson, Jane Sherman Lehac, George Pratt, Lawrence Quirk, Anthony Slide, Alexander Walker, and the author, among others."

"Lulu in Hollywood" continues to be read and cited. In 2012, Janet Maslin wrote in the "New York Times", "These eight essays are selective, nostalgic, poison-tipped and fearlessly smart. They're sharp about Hollywood's definitions of success and failure, about how actors are manipulated by their employers and pigeonholed by the press... Brooks still shimmers as a rare loner who traveled down that road, her life in ruins -- and then came back. This book is as idiosyncratic and magnetic as its author." 

In 2023, the "Hollywood Reporter" published an article listing the 100 best film books of all time". "Lulu in Hollywood" ranked number 44.


Hanna Diyab

Antun Yusuf Hanna Diyab (Arabic: أنطون يوسف حنا دياب) was a Syrian writer and storyteller. He is best known today for tales of Aladdin and Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves which have been added to the "One Thousand and One Nights" by French orientalist Antoine Galland, who had translated and included them after listening it from Diyab. Diyab was a Maronite.
Diyab was born around 1688 AD in Aleppo, Ottoman Syria. He was the youngest of his three brothers. His Maronite Christian family were traders. He had learned French, Italian, Turkish and Occitan. In 1707, he met the French traveller Paul Lucas. Hanna Diyab became his servant and translator. They sailed to Egypt, Tripoli, Tunisia and then to Corsica, Livorno, Genoa and Marseille. They came to Paris in 1708.

Probio DR10

Probio DR10, is a probiotic strain by Fonterra Research Development Centre (FRDC), patented and commercialised in the 1990s following the screening of over 2,000 strains.

The strain involved is a lactic acid bacterium of "Bifidobacterium lactis", originally isolated from yoghurt. The publication of complete genomic sequence in 2018 has enabled the implementation of strict measures to ensure the control of product quality, safety and purity of the "B. lactis" HN019 strain.

The Probio DR10 strain is available in a range of finished formats, providing it with great potential to be applied across the food and beverage, dietary supplement, and pharmaceutical industries."Bifidobacterium lactis" is found in Anmum Materna and Anmum Essential Gold in the Malaysian market.

Studies on Probio DR10 indicate positive effects on various aspects of the digestive system. These include:

Immune system support

In a randomised controlled trial (RCT) conducted with children aged 1 to 3 years, it was found that the incidence of high fever and severe acute lower respiratory infections was reduced by 5% and 35% respectively, in children who received Probio DR10 along with a prebiotic, in comparison to those who were administered a placebo.

A separate RCT also showed that the supplementation of Probio DR10 in children aged 2 to 5 years reduced the incidence of diarrhea and fever by 16.1% and 12.7% respectively during the rainy season.

Probio DR10 may increase the population of beneficial gut microflora of "Bifidobacterium" and "Lactobacillus".

Probio DR10 has also been shown to help maintain a healthy/normal gut microbiota against the aging process by competing with and excluding harmful pathogens, operating at both taxonomical and functional levels.

Maintenance of intestinal barrier functions

Probio DR10 helps maintain the integrity of the gut epithelium, which is a layer of cells lining the inner surface of the intestine. Probio DR10 also helps regulate the host immune defence against pathogens.

A 2010 study also found that combining Probio DR10 with an oligosaccharide prebiotics results in a decrease in the incidence of dysentery.

Regulation of gut motility and improvement of gastrointestinal symptoms

Probio DR10 has demonstrated a positive effect on individuals suffering from constipation. A New Zealand study involving 100 adults with functional gastrointestinal symptoms showed that the supplementation of Probio DR10 for 2 weeks alleviated constipation by reducing the gut transit time.

Reductions in the frequency of other functional gastrointestinal symptoms, including vomiting, regurgitation, abdominal pain, nausea, gurgling, irregular bowel movements, diarrhea, and flatulence were also observed in the same study.

Probio DR10 may potentially divert colon fermentation towards the production of non-gaseous end products. This characteristic of Probio DR10 may support tolerance for the fermentation of oligosaccharides within the body, which aligns with clinical findings that Probio DR10 reduces the occurrence of flatulence.

Support for digestion

The fermentation of Probio DR10 produces lactate and short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) such as acetate, indicating their potential involvement in the digestion of dietary elements, without distinguishing between their source, whether it be carbohydrates or proteins.

Not all probiotics are the same

Studies have shown that not all probiotics are equally effective. The efficacy of probiotics is strain-specific. Therefore, the recommendations of probiotics should tie specific strains to the health benefits as shown in the human studies.

Probio DR10 demonstrates an excellent ability to adhere to epithelial cells, a strong capacity to endure and survive in a low pH environment, resistance to bile salts as well as the ability to modulate the immune response.

Studies indicate that this strain acts on intercellular junctions, especially tight junctions. Tight junctions are situated in the most apical part of the cell and consist of two key proteins, claudin and occludin. These proteins play a crucial role in establishing the epithelial barrier, which acts as a safeguard against the entry of macromolecules, including lipids and proteins.

These junctions are vital for controlling the permeability of the epithelium. Any changes in their function can lead to increased inflammation, and subsequently, the development of diseases.

The presence of "Bifidobacterium animalis" subsp. "lactis" in human food has been documented since 1980, but it was likely part of human diets before that.

The China National Center for Food Safety Risk Assessment (CFSA) has also approved the use of "B. lactis" in food for the general and paediatric population.

A 2018 study found that Probio DR10 is well-tolerated in adults and did not induce changes in physical activity, food intake, or body weight. Probio DR10 also has an established safety data in pregnant and lactating women as shown in studies.

Volga region

The Volga region (Russian: Поволжье, Povolzhye, meaning "Along the Volga" referring to the Volga River) is a historical region of the Russian Federation that encompasses the watershed to the Volga River, the longest river in Europe.

Driscoll's

Driscoll's is a California-based seller of fresh strawberries and other berries. It is headquartered in Watsonville, California. It develops proprietary breeds of berries and then licenses them exclusively through approved growers. It was founded in 1904.

Asics

Asics is an Japanese sportswear company. The name is from the Latin word "anima sana in corpore sano", which means "a sound mind, in a sound body". It produces clothing and sneakers. The company is headquartered in Kobe, Hyōgo Prefecture and was founded on September 1, 1949 as Onitsuka Co., Ltd.

Nick DiGiovanni

Nick DiGiovanni (born 19 May 1996) is an American YouTuber, TikToker, and Chef. 

Pep Boys

Pep Boys is an American automotive aftermarket service chain. It was founded in 1921. It is headquartered in the Philadelphia suburb of Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania. It provides name-brand tires, automotive maintenance and repair, and fleet maintenance and repair to customers across the United States.

Chuck Taylor All-Stars

Chuck Taylor All-Stars is a sneaker manufactured by Converse. It was developed as a basketball shoe in the early 20th century. Its design has remained largely unchanged since its introduction. It consists of a stitched upper portion, and a toe cap and outsole usually made of rubber. 

Saucony

Saucony is an American brand of athletic footwear and apparel. It was founded in 1898. It is owned by Wolverine World Wide. Its products include footwear and clothing ranges, such as athletic shoes, jackets, hoodies, t-shirts, sweatpants, shorts, and socks. Accessories include hats and backpacks.

Guy Spier

Guy Spier (born February 4, 1966) is a Zurich-based investor. He is the author of "The Education of a Value Investor". Spier is the manager of the Aquamarine Fund with $350 million in assets. He is well known for bidding US$650,100 with Mohnish Pabrai for a charity lunch with Warren Buffett in 2008. In 2009, he was featured in "The Checklist Manifesto", by Atul Gawande regarding his use of checklists as part of his investment process. He is the brother of Tanya de Jager and the grandson of , the German-Israeli jurist, historian, foreign correspondent and farmer.



Philautus nephophilus

Philautus nephophilus is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it in Kinabalu National Park, between 1400 and 1800 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that have never been cut down and near the edges of forests.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because even though it does not live in a very large place, part of that place is a protected park.

The adult male frog is 16.4–18.6 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 20.3–23.1 mm long. This frog can change color. During the day, this frog is darker in color than it is at night, and its belly is yellow with dark brown spots. At night, this frog's head and shoulders are deeper brown than the rest of the body. The sides of the back legs are gray in color with whitish spots or other marks. The skin around the eardrum is yellow in color. The iris of the eye is red in color, and the pupils of the eye open up and down. This frog has teeth in its upper jaw. Its tongue is long and wide. All four legs are thin.

José Joaquín de Iturbide

José Joaquín de Iturbide y Arregui (February 6, 1739 – November 19, 1825) was the father of Agustín de Iturbide who received the title of Prince of the Union during the First Mexican Empire by the Constituent Congress.

NewJeans

NewJeans () is a South Korean girl group that debuted on 22 July 2022. The group is made of five members: Minji, Hanni, Danielle, Haerin and Hyein. They make K-pop music under the label ADOR, a subsidiary of Hybe Corporation. They were formed by Min Hee-jin. They are famous for their simple-girl image, for their 1990s–2000s inspired concept and for their R&B songs.

The group's name, NewJeans, is a reference to the idea that jeans are a timeless fashion item and to the group's desire to become timeless (like jeans). The name also sounds similar to "new genes", a reference to the fresh image of the group made of young members, but also to the new generation of K-pop music they make. Their fans are called "Bunnies".





Mayfield, Canterbury

Mayfield is a small farming settlement in the Ashburton District, New Zealand. It is situated 35 kilometers west of Ashburton and 34 kilometers north of Geraldine. It has a primary school and the store was burnt down in early 2008 but reopened in early 2009. It is within the Geraldine and Ashburton high school zone.

Trespass (album)

Trespass is the second studio album by Genesis. The album was released on October 23, 1970.

Annesbrook

Annesbrook is an industrial suburb of Nelson and lies between Nelson Airport and State Highway 6. There is no public transport within the suburb.

Molecular mass

The molecular mass, or "m", is the mass of a molecule [and it has some similarity with "weight" of that molecule]. The unit dalton (Da) is often used.
Molecular mass is the sum of 2 or more particles or a compound on the Periodic table. They are often in the units dalton (Da). To get the weight of a compound or particles you simply identify the elements in it. Once you have identified the elements look for the atomic mass. The atomic mass is most often right under the name(letters). After finding the atomic mass of however many elements you need, you simply add them together. If you have a compound like H2o, then you can multiply the Hydrogen instead of adding it twice.


Invisible Plane

The Invisible Plane (commonly known as the Invisible Jet) is the fictional DC Comics superheroine Wonder Woman's venerable, though now seldom-used, mode of transport. Created by William Moulton Marston as an allegory for the feminine compliance reaction that women of the Depression relied on to safely traverse the male dominated work place, it first appeared in "Sensation Comics" #1 (Jan. 1942).

Steve McQueen (album)

Steve McQueen is the second studio album by British band Prefab Sprout. It was released in June, 1985 through Kitchenware Records and in American it was retitled as Two Wheels Good due the naming conflict with McQueen's estate. It went to number 21 in the United Kingdom, number 178 in the United States, number 33 in New Zealand, number 48 in Australia and number 47 in Canada.

Mangawhai Heads

Mangawhai Heads is a township in the Kaipara District, New Zealand. It is 21 kilometers southeast of Waipu, 5 kilometers northeast of Mangawhai and is on the north shore of Mangawhai Harbour. 

Doyleston

Doyleston is a small settlement in the Selwyn District, New Zealand. It is 3 kilometers north of Leeston and was a thriving village with a school until it was overtaken by Leeston in the 1930s. It has a small park called Osborne Park that is regularly used for football. 

Zoran Stojadinović

Zoran Stojadinović (born 25 April 1961) is a Serbian former footballer. He played as striker. Now he is a players agent. 
He started his career in the youth of Red Star Belgrade. After playing for different clubs in Serbia he went to Austria and joined FC Admira Wacker Mödling. After one season he went to SK Rapid Wien. With Rapid he won the championsship in 1987/88. This season he was also top scorer of the Bundesliga.

After his time in Austria he went to Spain and played for RCD Mallorca, Deportivo de La Coruña and UE Figueres.
After ending his playing career, he became a players agent. In November 2012, he became sporting director with Red Star Belgrade. He was fired on 13 February 2014 by club management. 

Brynderwyn

Brynderwyn is a small settlement in the Kaipara District. It is between Whangārei and Wellsford. State Highway 1 and State Highway 12 meet there. The most fatal bus crashes in New Zealand history have happened there.

Bengali–Assamese languages

Bengali-Assamese languages is the name of a group of languages, which are spoken in Eastern India, Bangladesh, Myanmar and Nepal. This group belongs to the Eastern zone of Indo-Aryan languages. According to Glottolog, it includes Assamese, Bengali, Bishnupriya, Chakma, Chittagonian, Hajong, Kharia Thar, Kurmukar, Lodhi (also categorised as a Munda language), Mal Paharia, Noakhailla, Rajbangshi, Rohingya, Sylheti, Tangchangya and Surjapuri.

Christa Pitts (entrepreneur)

Christa Pitts is an American author from Georgia.

By the end of 2005, Christa Pitts teamed up with her mother and twin sister to share their cherished family Christmas tradition with the world through their book.

Christa was named the 2023 Southeast Ernst and Young "Entrepreneur Of The Year"

Christa began her career in 2001 as a program host, where she worked for two years and accumulated two thousand hours of live, unscripted TV experience.

Anna Fotyga

Anna Elzhbeta Fotyga ( ; pronounced [ˈanna fɔˈtɨɡa] nee Kavetska;  , Lembork, Poland ) — Polish politician, member of the European Parliament and general secretary of the Party of European Conservatives and Reformists (ECR) . She held the position of Minister of Foreign Affairs of Poland and, in the offices of Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz and Jarosław Kaczyński (2006–2007) and head of the Office of the President of the Republic of Poland (2007–2008). Permanent speaker of the Forum of the Free States of Post-Russia (2022-2023).

She graduated from the Faculty of Foreign Trade of the University of Gdańsk .

She started her career in the external relations department of the Solidarity trade union in 1981. After 1989, she was an expert and head of the external relations department of "Solidarity". She was the deputy mayor of Gdańsk (2002–2004), a member of the European Parliament (2004–2005), the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Poland (2006–2007), the head of the Administration of President Lech Kaczyński (2007–2008), an expert on foreign relations of the Law party and justice", a member of the Seimas — the lower house of the Polish parliament .
Anna Fotyga won 25,994 votes (second place in the region) in the 2004 European Parliament elections as a candidate for the Law and Justice (PiS) party in the Pomeranian Voivodeship .

On May 9, 2006, President Lech Kaczyński appointed Fotyga as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Poland instead of Stefan Möller . The opposition criticized her department for pursuing a policy of isolation towards Russia and Germany. On September 7, 2007, Fotyga was dismissed from his post, but reappointed on the same day; thus the Prime Minister and the President avoided her dismissal through a vote of no confidence prepared by the Civic Platform three months ago.

After the fall of the Kaczyński administration in 2007 , Radosław Sikorski was succeeded as Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Poland.

Until August 20, 2008, Fotyga was the head of the Office of the President of the Republic of Poland .
From 2014 to 2019, Fotyga served as the head of the European Parliament Subcommittee on Security and Defense . Since then, she has been a full member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the European Parliament and its subcommittee on security and defense.

In 2015, the media reported that Fotyga was included in the Russian list of people from the European Union who are prohibited from entering the country. 

In 2020 , NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg appointed Fotyga to join a group of experts to support the work of further strengthening NATO's political dimension 

Fotyga's position on foreign affairs coincides with the political position of Law and Justice, which is based on the concept of Poland as a strong, independent country, ready to stand up to Russia or Germany when necessary. It also pursued a policy of close cooperation with the United States.

On November 23, 2016, Fotyga became the author of the European Parliament resolution "Strategic communications of the EU as a countermeasure against third-party propaganda" (on information countermeasures by the Russian media) regarding countering propaganda against the EU, which includes censorship of Russian media such as RT and Sputnik The resolution compares the influence of the Russian media to ISIS propaganda. The proposal was criticized by the Russian government and the European Federation of Journalists.

Fotyga:""Most of my life, under the communists and after them, was devoted to fighting the rhetoric planted by the Soviet Union and then the Russian Federation""In January 2023, the Euractiv media published an article by Anna Fotyga, in which she claims that""there is no and cannot be Russian gas, oil, aluminum, coal, uranium, diamonds, grain, forest, gold, etc. All these resources are Tatar, Bashkir, Siberian, Karelian, Oirat, Circassian, Buryat, Yakut, Ural, Kuban, Nogai and so on...Mikhail Lermontov stole the legends of the conquered Circassians, and the ethnic Ukrainian Mykola Gogol was always denied national self-awareness by the Russians...The prospects should be discussed creation of free and independent states in the post-Russian space, as well as guarantees of their future stability and prosperity. We must be aware that the collapse of the Russian Federation may cause certain difficulties and risks, like any transition period. However, these risks will turn out to be much greater if we leave this aggressive empire as it is.""

Fotyga is married and has two children.



Fly (Sugar Ray song)

"Fly" is a 1997 song by Sugar Ray and was taken from their second studio album "Floored" and appears twice on the album one featuring Super Cat and one without it. It went to number 58 in the United States, number 57 in Scotland, number 31 in Australia, number 21 in Iceland and number 1 in Canada.

Australian, European, and UK CD single

UK 7-inch single

Bishopdale, Nelson

Bishopdale is a suburb of Nelson and it lies south of the Nelson city centre, inland from Wakatu at the foot of Grampians Reserve. There is no public transport available.

Northern Chamber Orchestra

Northern Chamber Orchestra is a chamber orchestra based in Manchester, England. Established in 1967, the orchestra gives concerts at Heritage Centre, Macclesfield and The Stoller Hall, Manchester as well as a Christmas concert at Tatton Park, Knutsford and one-off engagements around the country. They are also currently the resident orchestra for the Buxton Festival.


WRCB

WRCB is a television station in Chattanooga, Tennessee, United States. It is affiliated with NBC. It has been owned by Sarkes Tarzian, Inc. since 1982. It signed on the air on May 6, 1956. Its studios are located on Whitehall Road on Chattanooga's north side.

Willard Libby

Willard Frank Libby (1908-1980) is known for developing radiocarbon dating, a process that revolutionized archaeology and palaeontology. In 1960, he won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his contributions to the team that developed the process. Prior to this, he worked on radioactive elements and designed sensitive Geiger counters to measure weak natural and artificial radioactivity.

During World War II, Libby worked for the Manhattan Project and developed the gaseous diffusion process for uranium enrichment. After the war, he became a professor at the University of Chicago's Institute for Nuclear Studies, where he developed the technique for dating organic compounds using carbon-14. He also discovered that tritium and carbon-14 could be used for dating water, wine, and other materials.

From 1954 to 1959, Libby served as a commissioner of the Atomic Energy Commission, where he sided with Edward Teller on pursuing a crash program to develop the hydrogen bomb. He also participated in the Atoms for Peace program and defended atmospheric nuclear testing.

In 1959, Libby left the AEC to become a professor at UCLA, where he established the first Environmental Engineering program and served as a member of the California Air Resources Board. He also served as the director of the University of California's Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics, retiring in 1976

Willard Frank Libby was born in Colorado and grew up in California, attending the University of California Berkeley where he earned his Ph.D. in chemistry. He was fascinated by radioactive elements and worked on building sensitive Geiger counters to measure weak natural and artificial radioactivity. In the 1930s, he received a fellowship to work at Princeton University.

After graduating, Libby became an assistant professor in the department of chemistry at the University of California, Berkeley, in 1938. Two years later, he was appointed Instructor in the department. Libby's work was interrupted by his participation in World War II, where he worked in the Manhattan Project's Substitute Alloy Materials (SAM) Laboratories at Columbia University, developing the gaseous diffusion process for uranium enrichment. He returned to Berkeley after the war and was appointed professor of chemistry in 1954.

In 1959, Libby left the AEC to become a professor at UCLA, where he established the first Environmental Engineering program and served as a member of the California Air Resources Board. He also served as the director of the Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics and retired in 1976.

In 1941, Libby began working on the Manhattan Project, the US project to develop atomic bombs, as part of the Substitute Alloy Materials (SAM) Laboratories in New York City. He worked on the gaseous diffusion process to separate uranium-235 from the more abundant uranium-238. The SAM Labs were tasked with finding a way to separate out this rare isotope, which made up only 0.7 percent of natural uranium. Libby and his team studied different barriers to use in the uranium hexafluoride and successfully developed the Norris-Adler barrier, which underwent several tests. Eventually, the team was able to successfully enrich uranium to 23 percent, which was used in the Little Boy bomb dropped on Hiroshima. Libby's work on the gaseous diffusion process was essential in the development of the atomic bomb.

After World War II, Libby accepted a professorship at the University of Chicago, where he studied radioactivity and later developed a method to use carbon-14 to determine the age of objects in archaeology, geology, geophysics, and other branches of science. He also discovered that tritium, like carbon-14, could be used to date water and wine. In 1960, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his method, which revolutionized archaeology and other fields that study ancient artifacts.

After leaving the US Atomic Energy Commission (AEC), Libby became a professor of chemistry at the University of California, Los Angeles and the director of the statewide Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics. He also founded the first Environmental Engineering program at UCLA and served on the California Air Resources Board, working to develop and improve air quality standards. Despite his retirement, Libby remained active in his field until his death in 1980.

Libby was a respected scientist who received many awards and honors during his career, including a Nobel Prize for his work on carbon dating and his contributions to archaeology, geology, geophysics, and other fields. He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and received awards such as the Chandler Medal, Remsen Memorial Lecture Award, Bicentennial Lecture Award, Nuclear Applications in Chemistry Award, Willard Gibbs Award, Albert Einstein Medal, Franklin Institute's Elliott Cresson Medal, Arthur L. Day Medal, American Chemical Society's Joseph Priestley Award, Geological Society of America's Arthur L. Day Medal, Gold Medal of the American Institute of Chemists, Lehman Award, and more. The University of Chicago received a citation for his work on radiocarbon dating.

He was married to Leonor Hickey for a short period in the early 1940s and they had two daughters. He then married Leona Woods Marshall, a nuclear physicist, in 1966 and they stayed together until his death in 1980. The couple had two stepchildren from Marshall's first marriage. He died from complications related to pneumonia. His papers were donated to the Charles E. Young Research Library at UCLA.

NAPA Auto Parts

NAPA Auto Parts is an American retailers' cooperative. It distributes automotive replacement parts, accessories and service items throughout North America. It has 6,000 NAPA Auto Parts stores in the United States. It was founded in 1925. 

Smart &amp; Final

Smart & Final is a chain of warehouse-style food and supply stores. It is based in Commerce, California. It operates over 250 stores in the Western United States and 15 in northwestern Mexico. It was founded in 1871 in Los Angeles.

INSP (TV network)

INSP is an American digital cable television network. It features primarily westerns. It is headquartered in Indian Land, South Carolina - a suburb of Charlotte, North Carolina. It was originally a non-profit ministry focused network. It was relaunched as a socially conservative, commercial-supported family entertainment network in 2010. It was launched in 1978.

MTV Chi

MTV Chi was a spin-off network from MTV. It was targeted at Chinese Americans. It showed music such as Mando pop, Canto pop and Chinese American hip hop. It started on December 6, 2005. It stopped on April 30, 2007.

Cable One

Cable One is an American broadband communications provider. It operates under the Sparklight brand. It provides service to 24 states and 1.1 million residential and business customers. It was founded in 1986. It is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, though it does not serve that metro area.

Order of the White Rose of Finland

Order of the White Rose of Finland, is a Finnish order given for well-done duty to the fatherland, the order can be received by citizens and foreigners as well.

Chapman Entertainment

Chapman Entertainment was a British television production company. It was founded by Keith Chapman and Greg Lynn. It was based in London, England. It was founded in 2001. It was created for the purpose of exploiting both the intellectual property rights of Chapman's creations and also those of interested third parties.

5th Avenue (candy)

5th Avenue is a candy bar made by The Hershey Company and was introduced in 1936. It has a layered crisp peanut butter covered with chocolate. The candy bar was named after 5th Avenue, in New York City.

Vesele

Vesele or Veselé can be





Baby Keem discography

American rapper and record producer Baby Keem has made one studio album, two mixtapes, four extended plays (EP), and ten singles. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) says he has sold one million certified albums and five million certified singles in the United States.

After the release of some EPs and mixtapes, Baby Keem was given big attention by his second mixtape, "Die for My Bitch", which also had the sleeper hit lead single, "Orange Soda". The song became his first to be put on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, while the mixtape was his first song on the "Billboard" 200. Baby Keem continued to rise in attention with his first studio album "The Melodic Blue", released through pgLang and Columbia Records on September 10, 2021. The album was rated good by music critics and was his first top-10 album on the "Billboard" 200. It had the big singles "Durag Activity" with Travis Scott and "Family Ties" with Kendrick Lamar; with Family Ties being rated a top-20 single on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Kendrick Lamar and some artists — "Black Panther: The Album"
Jay Rock — "Redemption"

Schoolboy Q — "Crash Talk"
Beyoncé and various artists — ""

Baby Keem — "The Melodic Blue"


Baby Keem — "The Melodic Blue" (B-side)

Kendrick Lamar — "Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers"


Offset — Non-album single
Baby Keem — "The Melodic Blue" (deluxe)


Mounds (candy bar)

Mounds is a chocolate bar made by The Hershey Company. It has shredded, sweetened coconut covered in dark chocolate. It was created in 1920 as a single piece for 5 cents. In 1929, the Peter Paul Candy Manufacturing Company bought the line and began production.

Almond Joy

Almond Joy is a chocolate bar made by The Hershey Company. It has sweetened, shredded coconut topped with whole almonds and covered in chocolate. It was introduced in 1946 as a replacement for the Dreams Bar, which was introduced in 1934.

White Castle (restaurant)

White Castle is an American fast food restaurant. It was founded on September 13, 1921 in Wichita, Kansas. It has 345 locations across 13 states. It makes small hamburgers called "sliders". It is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio.

Obelisk (biology)

Obelisks are a newly discovered life form, as of early 2024. Obelisks are very small; they are smaller than viruses. They are like viruses but different. Obelisks "are flattened circles of RNA." There is great variety in their specific shapes: about 30,000 different shapes have been identified so far. Obelisks have been found in humans' mouths and other parts of the digestive tract. "These mysterious bits of genetic material have no detectable sequences or even structural similarities known to any other biological agents." How obelisks relate to their environment is not yet known. 


Chenjerai Hunzvi

Chenjerai "Hitler" Hunzvi (23 October 1949 – 4 June 2001) served as Chairman of the Zimbabwe National Liberation War Veterans Association beginning in 1997.

Philautus amabilis

Philautus amabilis is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have seen it between 1550 and 1636 meters above sea level in one place and 1825 meters above sea level in another place.

Big Y

Big Y is an American supermarket chain. It is in Massachusetts and Connecticut. It is one of the largest independently owned supermarket chains in New England and it employs over 12,000 people. It was founded in 1936.

