Tony George

Anton Hulman "Tony" George (born December 30, 1959) is the former Chairman, President, and CEO of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and Hulman & Company, serving from 1989 to 2009. George also helped bring Formula 1 to Indianapolis Motor Speedway. The first Formula 1 race took place in 2000; a separate circuit was built within the oval for this purpose. In addition to the merits of the track, Tony George also founded the Indy Racing League (IRL) as a competitor to the then IndyCar World Series

Koshi Provincial Assembly

The Koshi Provincial Assembly also known as the Koshi Pradesh Sabha, (Nepali: कोशी प्रदेश सभा) is the unicameral legislature of Koshi Province, one of the seven provinces in Nepal. The assembly is seated at the provincial capital at Biratnagar in Morang District at the District Coordination Committee Office. The assembly has 93 members of whom 56 are elected through first-past-the-post voting and 37 are elected through proportional representation. The term of the assembly is 5 years unless dissolved earlier.

The Provincial Assembly of Province No. 1 (now Koshi Province) is formed under Article 175 of the Constitution of Nepal 2015 which guarantees a provincial legislative for each province in the country. The first provincial elections were conducted for all seven provinces in Nepal and the elections in Province No. 1 was conducted for 93 seats to the assembly. The election resulted in a victory for the CPN (Unified Marxist–Leninist) and CPN (Maoist Centre) alliance which later went on to form a coalition government under Sher Dhan Rai from CPN (UML). The first meeting of the provincial assembly was held on 5 February 2018. Pradeep Kumar Bhandari from CPN (UML) was elected as the first speaker of the provincial assembly, and Saraswoti Pokharel from Maoist Centre as the first deputy speaker of the provincial assembly.

Article 195 of the Constitution of Nepal provides provincial assemblies the power to form special committees in order to manage working procedures.


Mary Kay Ash

Mary Kay Ash (born Mary Kathlyn Wagner; May 12, 1918 – November 22, 2001) was an American businesswoman and founder of Mary Kay Cosmetics, Inc.

Mary Kay Ash (Mary Kathleen Wagner) was born in Hot Wells, Harris County, Texas, USA. Her parents were Edward Alexander and Lula Wember Hastings Wagner. She graduated from Reagan High School in Houston in 1934.

Disappointed when she was passed over for a promotion in favor of a man she was training, Ashe retired in 1963 with the intention of writing a book to help women in business. The book turned into a business plan for her ideal company, and in the summer of 1963, Mary Kay Ash and her new husband, George Hallenbeck planned to launch Mary Kay Cosmetics.

Walter Leighton Clark

Walter Leighton Clark (1859–1935) was an American businessman, inventor, and artist based in Stockbridge, Massachusetts and New York City.

In 1922, together with John Singer Sargent and Edmund Griesen, he created the Painters and Sculptors Gallery Association in New York, the continuation of which was the Grand Central Art Galleries and the Grand Central School of Art located near Grand Central Terminal. The gallery offered American artists the opportunity to exhibit their work in the United States without having to ship it overseas.

People's Socialist Party, Nepal

The People's Socialist Party, Nepal (abbr. PSP-N; ), also known as Janata Samajbadi Party is the fifth largest political party in Nepal. 

Larry Friedland

Lawrence "Larry" Friedland (born 1938/1939) is an American billionaire property developer, particularly known for his ownership of more than 20 buildings on New York City's Madison Avenue.

He owns more than 20 buildings on Madison Avenue in New York, as well as garages, parking lots and two luxury apartment buildings in the city. As of October 2015, Bloomberg published that his half stake in Friedland Properties was $1.5 billion. 

Charles Brandes

Charles H. Brandes is an American investor, businessman, and philanthropist. He is a disciple of the Benjamin Graham school of value investing. Brandes Investment Partners, which was started in 1974, currently has over $28.9 billion under management

According to "Forbes", Brandes was worth over US$1.billion as of January 2018.

Jessie van Aalst

Jessie van Aalst (born 25 May 1992) is a Dutch softball player. She plays with Olympica Haarlem. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team since 2012. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Wilkes Land crater

The Wilkes Land mass concentration is one of two possible meteorite impact sites hidden beneath the ice cap of Wilkes Land, East Antarctica. 

Its coordinates are 70°S 120°E. It was first reported at a conference in May 2006 by a team of researchers led by Ralph von Frese and Laramie Potts of Ohio State University. The hypothesis was published in a paper by Weihaupt in 1976.

2022 Indian vice presidential election

An election for Vice-President of India was held on 6 August 2022. The announcement was made by the Election Commission of India. Article 56(1) of the Constitution of India provides that the Vice President of India shall remain in office for a period of five years and held on 6 August 2022. The winner of this election is Jagdeep Dhankhar who replaced Venkaiah Naidu as Vice President of India.

On 16 July 2022, Jagdeep Dhankhar the then serving Governor of West Bengal was nominated as a vice-presidential candidate by the BJP. On 17 July 2022, Margaret Alva was announced as the vice-presidential candidate by the United Progressive Alliance and some non-UPA Parties. Hence, Jagdeep Dhankhar won the election by 528 votes defeating the United Opposition candidate Margaret Alva.

!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" class="unsortable"|
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=center|Candidate
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" |Party 
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" |Electoral Votes
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" |% of Votes
! colspan="3" style="text-align:left;"| Total
! style="text-align:right;"| 
! style="text-align:right;"| 

NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award

The Bill Russell NBA finals MVP or most valuable player award goes to the best player in the NBA Finals. The NBA player with most finals MVP is Michael Jordan, LeBron James, and Kevin Durant.

Heartache All Over the World

"Heartache All Over the World" is an upbeat song by Elton John and from his 20th studio album "Leather Jackets". It was one a poorest efforts by Elton John and reached 45 in the United Kingdom and number 55 in the United States. In Australia it fared much better by making number 7 in the charts.

Cigarette Smoking Man

The Cigarette Smoking Man (abbreviated CSM or C-Man) is a fictional character, and one of the main players, in the American science fiction drama television series "The X-Files". 

He serves as the nemesis of FBI Special Agent Fox Mulder. In the show's sixth season, his name is said to be C.G.B. Spender, but Dana Scully suggests this is one of "hundreds of aliases". He is almost always seen chain-smoking Morley cigarettes. In the eleventh season, he reveals his full name is Carl Gerhard Busch.

Although he utters only four audible words in the entire first season of the show, the Smoking Man eventually develops into the series' primary antagonist. In his early appearances he is seen in the offices of Section Chief Scott Blevins and Assistant Director Walter Skinner. They are Mulder and his partner Dana Scully's supervisors. 

An influential man working for the powers that be, Smoking Man is a key member in a government conspiracy unit known only as the Syndicate. They are hiding the truth of alien existence and their plan to colonize Earth. Smoking Man's power and influence remains strong, after most of the Syndicate is destroyed.

The Smoking Man is portrayed by Canadian actor William B. Davis. When Davis first took the role, the character was written as an extra for the pilot episode. He returned for small cameo appearances during the first season, making increasingly more appearances in the seasons that followed. Davis never received an award for his portrayal alone, but he was nominated for ensemble awards.

"TV Guide" included him in their 2013 list of The 60 Nastiest Villains of All Time.

The Elder Son (1976 movie)

The Elder Son () is a 1976 Soviet drama movie directed by Vitaly Melnikov and stars Yevgeny Leonov, Natalia Egorova, and Vladimir Izotov.


Golden River (movie)

Golden River () is a 1976 Soviet adventure movie directed by Venyamin Dorman and stars Boris Smorchkov, Aleksandr Abdulov, and Aleksandr Kaydanovskiy.


Unintended pregnancy

When women get pregnant, but did not plan to do so, this pregnancy is called an unintended pregnancy. Such pregnancies happen because of bad timing, or they are unwanted at the time of conception.

When people have sex, but do not use contraception, a pregnancy can result. Worldwide, almost half the pregnancies, about 45% of them, are unintended pregnancies. The exact figure varies by geographic region, by level of education, and other socioeconomic factors. Unintended pregnancies may be unwanted pregnancies or mistimed ones. An unintended pregancy is one of the main reasons, why a woman chooses to have an abortion. Depending on the circumstances, a miscarriage can occur. 

Unintended pregnancies may be unwanted pregnancies or mistimed pregnancies. While unintended pregnancies are the main reason for induced abortions, Unintended pregnancies may also have other outcomes, such as live births or miscarriages.

Factors that have an influence are:


Unintended pregnacies also have other problems: Very often, the woman does not seek help with childbirth. It is common that a women get medical attention and counceling during pregnancy, and before the child is born. People who have an unintended pregnancy often do not seek this help.

In the United States in 2011, 42% of all unintended pregnancies ended in abortion, and 58% ended in birth (not including miscarriages). Regardless of the outcome of the pregnancy, unintended pregnancies have significant negative impacts on individual and public health.

Pregnancy, whether intended or unintended, has risks and potential complications. On average, unintended pregnancies that are carried to term result in poorer outcomes for the pregnant woman and for the child than do intended pregnancies.

Ptychohyla dendrophasma

The phantom tree frog ("Ptychohyla dendrophasma") is a frog. It lives in Guatemala, but scientists think it also lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: the northwestern part of the Sierra de los Cuchumatanes, 1270 meters above sea level.

Nanda Kishor Pun

Nanda Kishor Pun (born 23 October 1966) is a Nepalese politician. He is the vice president of Nepal (Nepali: नेपालका उपराष्ट्रपतिहरू, "Nēpālakā uparāṣṭrapatiharū"), the deputy to the head of state of Nepal.

Shangdi

Shangdi (), also written simply, "" (), is a Chinese word for god.

Although the name has shang in it, it is a different word in Chinese from and has a different tone.

In Chinese religion Tian is usually used to refer to . But "Shangdi" is used by some groups, including some philosophers, and .

"Shang Di" is the of two . The first , "Shàng" means "highest" and "first"; the second , "Dì" refers to the High God of Shang, thus means "deity" (manifested god), . Thus, the name "Shangdi" should be translated as "Highest Deity", but also has the implied meaning of "Primordial Deity" or "First Deity" in Classical Chinese. In the ancient books the shangdi is described with humanlike traits. He is also associated with the .


Five manifestations of Shangdi

The Five manifestations of Shangdi are in Chinese religion, the five manifestations of Shangdi. This idea dates to the Shang dynasty.

The five are


Chidi (god)

The Red Emperor (Chidi) is a Chinese God of fire and the southern direction

His avatars include the Yan Emperor, Shennong, Emperor Yao and Zhurong.

He is one of the five manifestations of Shangdi and is associated with the essence of fire; his takes the form of a Red Dragon ( "Zhūlóng") or a phoenix. He is the god of farming, raising animals, medicine and market. He helps doctors and scientists. He is linked to Mars.

Cangdi

Cangdi (the Bluegreen Emperor) is one of the five manifestations of Shangdi . He is associated with the wood and spring. He is worshipped as the god of fertility. The Bluegreen Dragon ( "Qīnglóng") is both his animal form and constellation, and as a human he was "Tàihào" (Fu Xi). His female consort is the goddess of fertility Bixia. His planet is Jupiter. 

The Confucian book, the Rites of Zhou, discusses the concept of the so-called "Wufang Shangdi". The Records of the Grand Historian, refers to the following: Cangdi (or "Qingdi"), Huangdi, Heidi, Chidi, and Baidi.

Cangdi is known as Dongyue Dadi or the "Great Deity of the Eastern Peak" which refers to Mount Tai, a sacred mountain in China. 

He is worshipped in both Daoism and Chinese Buddhism with this name.

Long ago, people believed that Mount Tai was a place where spirits of the dead gathered. They thought that the god of Mount Tai was the most powerful god of the underworld and controlled people's lives and status on Earth. In Daoism, people say that Dōngyuèdàdì is the grandson of the Jade Emperor.

During the Han dynasty, the Feng Shan ceremony was held on Mount Tai. This was a very important ceremony, and the emperor had to complete it to show that he had the mandate of heaven. The ceremony began in 219 BC, during the reign of Qin Shi Huang, who was the first emperor of China.

Over time, the role of the Dongyue Emperor grew. He became more than a God of the local area. He became a god of life and death in general. In Taiwan, people perform a ritual called the storming of the city (打城) to honor the Dongyue Emperor. This shows how his role has changed over time.


Baidi (god)

Baidi (White Emperor) is one of the five manifestations of Shangdi.

He is associated with metal, west, and Autumn

The Uprising of the White Serpent (Chinese: 斬白蛇起義) is a famous story from China. It is said that a man named Liu became a leader after he killed a giant white serpent that was harming people. Liu was an outlaw at the time, but he had a special destiny. Later, when some of his followers saw an old woman crying, she told them that Liu was destined to be a great ruler. This made his followers believe even more in his leadership.

After Liu became a successful leader, he was declared Emperor Gaozu, first Emperor of the Han dynasty.

Baidi is also known as the Great Deity of the Western Peak and is associated with Mount Hua, one of the five great mountains. Long ago, people in China believed in worshipping mountains and rivers. Mount Hua was important because it was close to the capital city during the Han and Tang Dynasties. Emperor Wudi built a temple for Baidi at the bottom of Mount Hua. It was originally called Jilinggong Palace but later changed to Xiyue Temple. Baidi is also the father of two other gods named Huayue Sanniang and Huashan Sanlang. According to a book called Li Shi, Baidi is believed to be able to control the clouds and rain, create everything in the world, and help people.

Heidi (god)

Heidi (Black Emperor) is a deity in Chinese religion, one of the five manifestations of Shangdi. He is associated with water and winter. His animal form is the Black Dragon and his stellar animal is the tortoise-snake. 

A Taoist title of the Black Emperor is the "Dark (or Mysterious) Heavenly Highest Deity" (). According to a myth, during the fall of the Shang the Demon King ravaged the world, so that Yuanshi Tianzun ordered the Jade Emperor to appoint Heidi as the commander of twelve heavenly legions to fight this evil. Heidi defeated the Demon King and was subsequently granted the title of Mysterious Heavenly Highest Deity. In temples dedicated to him, he has a bronze tortoise and serpent under his feet. This means that the good always prevails over evil.



Cahokia

The Cahokia Mounds State Historic Site is a historic site of a pre-Columbian city of the Native American Cahokia people. The park has 2,200 acres (900 ha) and 80 mounds made by the Cahokia people. The city was much larger than the area of the mounds. The city of Cahokia was one of the largest in the Mississippian culture. It existed from 1050 to 1350 CE. Cahokia Mounds is a National Historic Landmark and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is one of 24 UNESCO sites in the United States.

Cahokia was the largest city of the Mississippian culture. The Mississippian culture was found in what is now the Central and the Southeastern United States. The Mississippian culture began more than 1,000 years before European contact. The Mississippians were the people groups found in this area before the Native American tribes that the Europeans met beginning in the 1500s. Today, Cahokia is considered to be the largest and most complex city of its time north of the great cities in Mexico. Cahokia is very near present day St. Louis, Missouri. It is located on the east side of the Mississipi River in Illinois.

The inhabitants of Cahokia left no written records beyond symbols on pottery, shell, copper, wood, and stone The elaborately planned community, woodhenge, mounds, and burials reveal a complex society. The city's original name is unknown. The mounds were later named after the Cahokia tribe found living in the area by the first French explorers. The Cahokia tribe that the French found were a different native group than the Mississippians.

Cahokia had about 1,000 people before "circa" 1050, its population grew rapidly after that date. According to a 2007 study "Between AD 1050 and 1100, Cahokia's population increased from between 1,400 and 2,800 people to between 10,200 and 15,300 people". Archaeologists estimate the city's population at between 6,000 and 40,000 at its highest.

The population of Cahokia began to decline during the 13th century, and the site was abandoned by around 1350. Scholars have several ideas why. Every large city has to deal with problems regarding food supply and waste disposal. Perhaps is was overhunting, deforestation and pollution, and climatic changes, such as increased flooding and droughts. It could have been a combination of these reasons.

The largest remaining feature of Cahokia is Monk's Mound. Monks Mound is a massive platform mound with four terraces, 10 stories tall, it is the largest man-made earthen mound north of Mexico. It is 100 ft (30 m) high, 951 ft (290 m) long, 836 ft (255 m) wide and covers 13.8 acres (5.6 ha). It contains about 814,000 cubic yards (622,000 m) of earth. All of that earth was moved by human power. A 1 bushel basket holds 1.25 cubic feet or 35 liters. If one person could carry a basketful of dirt holding 1.25 cubic feet, then Monk's Mound represents 17,650,863 baskets full of dirt. For comparison, the Great Pyramid of Giza, is a square 230.3m at the base,146.6m tall, and contains 2,583,283m of material.

Another large feature at today's Cahokia is Woodhenge. The Cahokia Woodhenge was a large circle of timber posts located roughly 850 m (2,790 ft) to the west of Monks Mound. Excavations found the original placements of many large timber posts. In 1985, a reconstruction of Woodhenge was built with the posts being placed into the original excavated post positions. The circle, which has 48 posts in the circle and a 49th central post, has been used to investigate ancient astronomy at Cahokia.

Jitendra Prasad Sonal

Jitendra Prasad Sonal (also known as "Jitendra Prasad Sonar") is a Nepalese politician. He is parliamentary party leader for the Loktantrik Samajwadi Party, Nepal in the Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province .

Sonal, a resident of Bara, was elected to the 2017 provincial assembly elections from Bara 4(B) with 13118 votes. He was the Physical Infrastructure Minister for Province No. 2, Nepal till 6 June 2021. He including 3 other state ministers were expelled from Lalbabu Raut ministry on 6 June 2021 after a group of PSP-N joined government led by KP Sharma Oli and Sonal supported the same.

Cindy van der Zanden

Cindy van der Zanden (born 10 July 1993) is a Dutch softball player. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Suka van Gurp

Suka van Gurp (born 1994) is a Dutch softball player. She plays with Sparks Haarlem. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Mariëlle Vleugels

Mariëlle Vleugels (born 6 February 1992) is a Dutch softball player. In September 2021, after played her 400th match in the Dutch national league, she was honored by the Dutch softball federation. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team since 2011. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Madhesh Province

Madhesh Province () is a province in the southeastern region of Nepal.

The province was formed after the adoption of the Constitution of Nepal.

On 17 January 2022, the meeting of Provincial assembly declared Janakpur as capital of Province No. 2 while the province was renamed to Madhesh Province. Hari Shankar Mishra is the Head of Province while Mohammad Lalbabu Raut Gaddhi is the current Chief Minister.
It borders Koshi Province to the east, Bagmati Province to the north, and India’s Bihar state to the south. It has an area of -about 6.5% of the country's total area. 

The Koshi River and Koshi Tappu Wildlife Reserve acts as provincial border between Madhesh Province and Province No.1 in the east. And the line between Chitwan National Park and Parsa National Park (previously Wildlife Reserve) acts as provincial border between Madhesh Province and Bagmati Province in the west.

The province includes eight districts from Saptari District in the east to Parsa District in the west.
The Capital city Janakpur, also known as Janakpurdham, is a centre for religious and cultural tourism. It is also thought to have been the capital of the Videha dynasty that ruled Mithila region in ancient times.
The first urban planned municipality of Nepal, Rajbiraj, is also the oldest place of the Terai belt of Nepal. The town is believed to have been named after the ancient Rajdevi temple, which dates back to the 1700s. The city of Birgunj is an economically important industrial centre and the only metropolitan city in the province.

It is Nepal's most populous province, and smallest province by area. 
It has a population of 6,126,288 as per the 2021 Nepal census, making it the most populated province of Nepal.

The majority of the province's population speaks Maithili, Bhojpuri and Nepali and Bajjika.

Eva Voortman

Eva Voortman (born 29 November 1992) is a Dutch professional softball player. At the end of 2021 she moved from Quick Amersfoort to Neptunus. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team, with an interception since January 2011. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Voortman studied High Performance Coaching at the VU University Amsterdam.

Laura Wissink

Laura Wissink (born 3 July 1997) is a Dutch softball player.

Janakpur

Janakpurdham or Janakpur (, ) is a sub-metropolitan city in Dhanusha District, Madhesh Province, Nepal. The city is a hub for religious and cultural tourism. A headquarter of Dhanusha district, "Janakpur" is also the capital for Madhesh Province.
The city was founded in the early 18th century. According to tradition, storyteller shows an earlier city known as Janakpurdham existed in the area, which used to be the capital of the Videha dynasty that ruled the Mithila region in ancient times.
Janakpur is about southeast of Kathmandu. , the city had a population of 173,924. The city had a population of 195,438 in 2021. Janakpur is currently the most populated sub metropolitan city of Nepal. Janakpur is about 18 km away from the Bhitthamore border of India. 
Nepal Railways operates between Janakpur and Jaynagar of India.

Jessica Lokhorst

Jessica Lokhorst (born 16 August 1993) is a Dutch korfball player. She is a member of Fortuna and the Netherlands national korfball team.

She missed the 2021 European championships, due to an ankle injury. With the national team she became champion at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Upama Kumari Dev

Upama Kumari Dev (Nepali: उपमा कुमारी देव) is a Nepalese politician who is elected member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province from People's Socialist Party, Nepal. Dev is a resident of Rajbiraj.She is also a Deputy Speaker of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province, took office on 16 February 2018.

Gerald van Dijk

Gerald van Dijk (born 18 June 1983) is a Dutch-Surinamese korfball player. He competed with the Netherlands national korfball team and Suriname national korfball team. 

Van Dijk played 22 matches with the Netherlands national korfball team and became European Champion, World Champion and World Games champion.

From 2017 Van Dijk founded the Suriname national korfball team. He became chairman of the Surinamese Korfball federation. Together with other Dutch-Surinamese korfball players of the Korfbal League, including himself, he was able to get a complete team. With the Suriname national korfball team he competed at among others the 2019 IKF World Korfball Championship and 2022 World Games.

Saroj Kumar Yadav

Saroj Kumar Yadav is a Nepalese politician and current speaker of provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province. He was elected speaker unopposed on 13 February 2018, after he was only candidate to file nomination for the post of Speaker.

Randell van der Steen

Randell van der Steen (born 14 May 1995) is a Dutch korfball player. He plays with Blauw-Wit in the Dutch national Korfbal League.

Van der Steen helped Gerald van Dijk founding the Suriname national korfball team. Van der Steen is the captain of the national team of Suriname. With the national team he competed among others at the 2019 World Championships and 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

Indigenous peoples of the North American Southwest

The Indigenous peoples of the North American Southwest are American Indian tribes with similar cultures in the southwest United States and part os northern Mexico. This region includes the present-day states of Colorado, Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, and Nevada. Other names for this region are "American Southwest", "Northern Mexico", "Chichimeca", and "Oasisamerica/Aridoamerica". These areas are usually dry with little rain. However, the grounds are rich and allow for agriculture. The landscape includes plains, valleys, mountains, desert lands, canyons and grasslands. Important people groups include the Southern Athabaskan language group. This includes the Navajo and Apache. The Puebloans are another important group. 

Satrudhan Mahato

Satrughan Mahato is a Nepalese politician belonging to CPN (Unified Socialist). He is the incumbent minister of Madhesh Province government. He is member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province. 

Mahato is also the leader of party the party having been selected unopposed.

Satrudhan Mahato has served previously as member of Constituent Assembly. Mahato left CPN (UML) to join the CPN (Unified Socialist) led by former Prime Minister Madhav Kumar Nepal.

Mahato helf Raghubir Mahasheth though both Mahasheth and Mahato were elected from same constituency (Dhanusha 4) from CPN (UML) ticket.

Satya Narayan Mandal

Satya Narayan Mandal (Nepali: सत्यनारायण मंडल) is a Nepalese politician and the current party leader of Madhesh Province . He is a member of the Nepal Communist Party, formed by the union of Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist–Leninist) and Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre).

Satya Narayan Mandal is one of the oldest politicians of Nepal. He joined the party in 2028 BS. He became an active member of CPN (Party) in 2036 BS and became a member of National Assembly in 2048 BS. He is the first Minister from Dhobi community.

He was elected the non-departmental minister of Nepal on 12 October 2015 CE under the government of Khadga Prasad Oli. He then transferred served as Sports and Youth Minister of Nepal.

Lin Ya-wen

Lin Ya-wen (born 14 June 1994) is a Taiwanese korfball player. He played in the Netherlands with in the Dutch Korfbal League, being the first Taiwanese korftball player in the Dutch league. He is a member of the Chinese Taipei korfball team. With the national team he won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

Bharat Prasad Sah

Bharat Prasad Sah () is a Nepalese politician. He is a member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province from CPN (Maoist Centre). Sah, a resident of Gaushala, Mahottari, was elected via 2017 Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province elections from Mahottari 1(B).

Bharat Kumar Shah

Bharat Kumar Shah () is a Nepalese politician. He is a member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province from CPN (Maoist Centre). Sah, a resident of Gaushala, Mahottari, was elected via 2017 Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province elections from Mahottari 1(B).

Jasper van den Heuvel

Jasper van den Heuvel (born 28 October 1978) is a Dutch rally driver. He competed in Intercontinental Rally Challenge (2008 edition, 2009 edition, 2011 edition, 2012 edition) during his career. He drove a Mitsubishi Lancer Evo X and later a Mitsubishi Lancer Evo X R4. In 2019 he won the ELE rally in a Ford Fiesta.

Religious Confucianism

Religious Confucianism is the idea that Confucianism is a religion. It originated in the time of Confucius with his defense of traditional religious institutions of his time such as the Jongmyo rites, and the Ritual Music System.

The Chinese name for Religious Confucianism is Rujiao (), the word for secular Confucianism is Rujia (). The differences can be roughly translated with 教 jiao meaning religion, and 家 jia meaning school.

Religious Confucianism includes ancestor worship, sacrifices, and sacrifices to heaven in its practice.

Religious Confucianism worships Confucius, the seventy-two disciples, Mencius, Zhu Xi, and Shangdi.

In Chinese Buddhism, Confucianism and Daoism, are called the "three teachings."

Religious Confucianism has been promoted by the government from the Han dynasty until the 1911 Revolution. The Five Classics became the foundation of the Chinese legal system, and the Spring and Autumn Courts. Religious Confucian organizations known as Confucian Churches formed in the Qing dynasty have significant popularity among Overseas Chinese people today.



LGBT reproduction

LGBT reproduction is when lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people have biological kids. They do this with help from medical technology. This is different from LGBT parenting. LGBT parenting includes things like LGBT adoption. In recent years, scientists have been studying and making ways to help same-sex couples have kids..
The main ways being looked at are creating sperm from women and eggs from men. In 2004, Japanese scientists changed the job of some genes. They used two mouse eggs to make baby mice. In 2018, Chinese scientists made 29 female mice from two mother mice. But they couldn't make baby mice from two father mice. One possible way is to get sperm and eggs from skin stem cells.
Not being able to use medical technology to have kids is seen as unfair health care for LGBT people.


Les Terres-de-Chaux

Les Terres-de-Chaux () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The commune is northeast of Saint-Hippolyte.



Médière

Médière () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The commune is northeast of L'Isle-sur-le-Doubs on the banks of the Doubs.



Mercey-le-Grand

Mercey-le-Grand () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The commune is west of Besançon.



Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre)

The Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre) (), abbreviated CPN (Maoist Centre), CPN-Maoist Centre, CPN Maoist Centre, or CPN(MC), is the third largest political party in Nepal. It was founded in 1994 after breaking away from the Communist Party of Nepal (Unity Centre).

Loktantrik Samajwadi Party, Nepal

The Loktantrik Samajwadi Party, Nepal (), is the sixth largest political party in Nepal.

The party was officially registered at Election Commission, Nepal on 18 August 2021. Mahantha Thakur is the president of the new party. The party was formed after split in PSP-N to join KP Oli led government. 
Currently, the party stands as the fourth largest party of Madhesh Province after Nepali Congress, CPN (UML) and Janata Samajbadi respectively.

As of August 2021, the party is a junior ally in the Nepali Congress-led Deuba government along with CPN (Maoist Centre), PSP-N, and CPN (Unified Socialist). The party's election symbol is a bicycle.

Nepal Federal Socialist Party

Nepal Federal Socialist Party (; abbreviated NFSPनेसंस पार्टी) is a political party in Nepal. The party was formed on 17 December 2016 by Mohammad Rizwan Ansari.

Katheryn Winnick

Katheryn Winnick (born December 17, 1977) is a Canadian actress. She is known for her roles in the television series "Vikings" (2013–2020), "Wu Assassins" (2019), and "Big Sky" (2020–present), and her recurring role on the television series "Bones" (2010–2011).

Winnick was born in Etobicoke, Ontario. She has Ukrainian descent. She spoke Ukrainian as her first language. She began speaking English when she was 8 years old. She began training in martial arts at age 7. She had her first black belt at 13 years old. By age 21, she opened three Taekwondo schools. She taught Taekwondo and self-defense to actors while completing her degree in kinesiology at York University, Toronto. Winnick studied at William Esper Studio.

Winnick started acting as a young girl at her community center in Toronto. She had directed plays in her high school and won a scholarship for drama and directing while attending Richview Collegiate Institute.

Winnick entered the movie industry by teaching martial arts to actors on movie sets; the experience inspired her to act professionally. She was then cast on the television series "Student Bodies". Since then, she has appeared in many movies, including:

She has guest-starred in many television shows, such as:

Winnick joined History Channel's television series "Vikings". She starred in the role of Lagertha, a legendary figure in Viking history. In July 2017, Winnick stated on Twitter that she had been cast in a mystery role, and that it would be announced at the San Diego Comic-Con International. She was later revealed to be cast as a main character in the Nazi Zombies mode of the video game "".

In July 2018, Winnick had been cast in the starring role of Christine "C.G." Gavin on the Netflix series, "Wu Assassins". In February 2020, Winnick was announced to play the starring role of Jenny Hoyt on the ABC television series "Big Sky".

Winnick says she is an American citizen as well as Canadian.




Hubert Coppenrath

Archbishop Hubert Coppenrath (18 October 1930 – 31 July 2022) was a French Polynesian Roman Catholic prelate. He was the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Papeete from 1999 until 2011. Coppenrath was born in Papeete, French Polynesia.

Joseph A. Doorley Jr.

Joseph Aloysius Doorley Jr. (October 12, 1930 – July 31, 2022) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician. He was mayor of Providence, Rhode Island, from 1965 to 1975. At the time of his election, he was the youngest mayor in the city's history. Before, he was a member of the member of the Providence City Council from 1963 to 1965. Doorley Jr. was born in Providence.

Doorley Jr. died on July 31, 2022 in Narragansett, Rhode Island at aged 91.

John Hughes (footballer, born 1943)

John Hughes (3 April 1943 – 1 August 2022) was a Scottish footballer. He played for Celtic, Crystal Palace and Sunderland. Hughes was nicknamed 'Yogi' because many thought he looked like the cartoon character Yogi Bear. 

Ilinka Mitreva

Ilinka Mitreva (; 11 February 1950 – 1 August 2022) was a Macedonian politician. She was the Minister of Foreign Affairs in 2001 and again from 2002 to 2006. Mitreva was born in Skopje, SR Macedonia, SFR Yugoslavia.

Mitreva died on 1 August 2022 in Skopje, North Macedonia at the age of 72.

Solomon Islands national under-17 football team

The Solomon Islands national under-17 football team is the national under-17 team of Solomon Islands. They have qualified for the FIFA U-17 World Cup in 2019.

1921 Dutch Athletics Championships

The 1921 Dutch Athletics Championships was the year's national championship in outdoor track and field for the Netherlands. The different events took place on multiple dates in different cities in the Netherlands.

It was the first time women’s events were held at the national championships.


Sources:

Parsa 1 (constituency)

Parsa 1 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Parsa District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Parsa 1 incorporates wards 2, 4, 5, 7, 8, 11–16, 18, 20–23 and 30–32 of Birgunj Metropolitan City.

It encompasses the following Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province segment


Parsa 3 (constituency)

Parsa 3 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Parsa District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Parsa 3 incorporates Paterwa Sugauli Rural Municipality, Sakhuwa Prasauni Rural Municipality, Bindhabasini Rural Municipality, ward 6 of Jagarnathpur Rural Municipality, wards 1–4 Pakaha Mainpur Rural Municipality, wards 1, 2 and 4–10 of Pokhariya Municipality and wards 1, 5 and 7–9 of Bahudarmai Municipality.

It encompasses the following Madhesh Province Assembly segment


Parsa 4 (constituency)

Parsa 4 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Parsa District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Parsa 4 incorporates Thori Rural Municipality, Jirabhawani Rural Municipality, Chhipaharmai Rural Municipality, Dhobini Rural Municipality, Kalikamai Rural Municipality, wards 1–5 Jagarnathpur Rural Municipality and ward 5 of Pakaha Mainpur Rural Municipality.

It encompasses the following Madhesh Province Provincial Assembly segment

Parallel voting

Parallel voting is a type of mixed electoral system. In this system, representatives are voted into a single chamber using two or more different systems, most often first-past-the-post voting (FPTP) with party-list proportional representation (PR). 

Constitution of Nepal

Constitution of Nepal 2015 () is the present Constitution of Nepal.

The latest version came into effect on 20 September 2015. It replaced the Interim Constitution of 2007. The constitution of Nepal has 35 parts, 308 Articles and 9 Schedules.

Singhasan Sah Kalwar

Singhasan Sah Kalwar () is a Nepalese politician. He is a member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province from People's Socialist Party, Nepal. Kalwar, a resident of Chhipahrmai Rural Municipality, was elected via 2017 Nepalese provincial elections from Parsa 4(B).

Dhanusha 3 (constituency)

Dhanusha 3 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Dhanusha District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Dhanusha 4 (constituency)

Dhanusha 4 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Dhanusha District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Dhanusha 4 incorporates Bateshwar Rural Municipality, Lakshminya Rural Municipality, wards 1–3 and 5-11 of Mithila Municipality. wards 1–7 Chhireshwarnath Municipality, wards 2 and 6–10 of Mithila Bihari Municipality and wards 9, 13, 14, 19, 21 and 22 of Janakpur Sub-metropolitan City.

It encompasses the following Madhesh Province Provincial Assembly segment


Dhanusha 2 (constituency)

Dhanusha 2 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Dhanusha District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Dhanusha 2 incorporates Kamala Municipality, Janaknandani Rural Municipality, Sahidnagar Municipality, Aaurahi Rural Municipality, wards 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 of Bideha Municipality, wards 1, 4, 6 and 9 of Hansapur Municipality and wards 17 and 18 of Janakpur Sub-metropolitan City.

It encompasses the following Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province segment


Trinidad and Tobago national netball team

The Trinidad and Tobago national netball team represent Trinidad and Tobago in international netball competition and are governed by Trinidad and Tobago Netball Association. They have attended the Netball World Cup since 1963 except in 1991. Their best result joint 1st in 1979.

Rajesh Jha

Rajesh Jha is a Nepali politician and former Governor of Madhesh Province. He is a journalist and an advocate. He has completed Bachelor's level in law and also has done PhD from Tribhuvan University.

Galab Donev

Galab Donev (; born 28 February 1967) has been the Prime Minister of Bulgaria from 2 August 2022 to 6 June 2023.

Ptychohyla zophodes

The Gloomy Mountain stream frog ("Ptychohyla zophodes") is a frog. It lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it on the Atlantic side (east side) of the mountains. People have seen it between 400 and 1400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is about long. The color of the skin on the frog's back is brown or gray. The iris of the eye is bronze with black marks.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Ptychohyla leonhardschultzei", but it is not.

Esther Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo

Esther Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo (5 December 1880 – 16 April 1943) was a Dutch fencer. She was also a pianist. She was a fencer at the "salle" of Giovanni Giandomenici and one of the earlyst female Dutch fencers. She was international successful. Because of being a Jew, she was deported to Sobibor extermination camp during World War II where she died.

Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo is claimed by Giovanni Giandomenici as being the first female Dutch fencer. Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo was trained by Giovanni Giandomenici.

In the summer of 1913 she had a good results at the 1913 International Exposition in Ghent. She finished in fifth place of the 40 competing fencers. She was eliminated by C. E. Martin Edmunds. On 29 November 1913 she competed by invitation at the 1913 Alfred Hutton Memorial Challenge Cup, an international tournament organized by the “Ladies London Fencing Club” in London. She was one of the four Dutch women. Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo was successful winning the "strangers cup" being the best foreigner. 

In 1914, Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo won the second prize at the 1914 Salle Giandomenici international women's fencing competition, the first Dutch international fencing tournament in Amsterdam. Of the eight matches she only lost to the British champion C. E. Martin Edmunds who won the tournament. Later the year she won the first prize at the international 1914 "La Femme Contemporaine" women's fencing competition in Antwerp. 

In 1918 she finishind first in the national women's competition in Amsterdam. She won the 1919 Netherlands women's fencing championship, the first official women's national championship. In 1920 she couldn’t compete at the natioal championship because she was ill, but was a prize winner at the 1920 Salle Giandomenici international women's fencing competition behind the Danish Larsen and French champion Chevalier. In 1921 she won the third prize at the international “Grand Prix de Dames” in Oostende.

She fenced left-handed, which was difficult for her opponents. She fenced with quick movements. According to newspaper Het nieuws van den dag in 1914, Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo had a different technique compared with the female fencers from the school of De Vos, The Hague. Her style was described as “more lively, more fiery and less different from the men's technique”.

Esther Lopes Cardozo was born in Amsterdam on 5 December 1880 as the daughter of diamond worker Samuel “Abraham” Lopes Cardozo (1860-1913) and Saartje Lopes Cardozo-Polak (1861-1943). She had a sister Rosalina Hendrix-Lopes Cardozo. She would live her entire life in Amsterdam. Lopes Cardozo married to A. Bekkers. They had together a son, who was born on 21 December 1902. She also had another child.

Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo played piano with the singing society “De Stem des Volks”.

Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo was a Jew. During World War II she was deported to Sobibor extermination camp in Poland where she died on 16 April 1943.


Yan Emperor

The Yan Emperor () or the Flame Emperor was a legendary ancient Chinese ruler who ruled before the Yellow Emperor. Modern studies have identified the Sheep's Head Mountains ("Yángtóu Shān") just north of Baoji in Shaanxi Province as his kingdom.

A long debate has existed over whether or not the Yan Emperor was the same person as the legendary Shennong. An academic conference held in China in 2004 achieved general consensus that the Yan Emperor and Shennong were the same person. Another possibility is that the term "flame emperor" was a title, held by dynastic succession of tribal lords, with Shennong being known as "Yandi" perhaps posthumously. Accordingly, the term "flame emperors" would be generally more correct. The succession of these flame emperors, from Shennong, the first Yan Emperor, until the time of the last Yan Emperor's defeat by the Yellow Emperor, may have been some 500 years.


Ritual and music system

The Ritual Music System () is a social system that originated in the Western Zhou Dynasty. The Ritual Music system and Patriarchal Clan system were important parts of the culture. Legend says it was founded by the Duke of Zhou and King Wu of Zhou.

The system developed from older shamanic traditions and was seen as being spiritually important, it was seen as representing the balance between Yin and Yang and the Five Elements.

The regulations on ritual and music strengthened people's concept of hierarchy, played a symbolic role in establishing authority, alongside standardizing rule across the civilization.

Saptari 4 (constituency)

Saptari 4 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Saptari District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Saptari 4 incorporates Surunga Municipality, Khadak Municipality, Bode Barsain Municipality and Balan Bihul Rural Municipality.

It encompasses the following Madhesh Provincial Assembly segment


Saptari 1 (constituency)

Saptari 1 is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Saptari District in Nepal. This constituency was created by the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report on 31 August 2017.

Mo Ostin

Mo Ostin (born Morris Meyer Ostrofsky; March 27, 1927 – July 31, 2022) was an American record executive. He worked for many companies, including Verve, Reprise Records, Warner Bros. Records, and DreamWorks. He was honored into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2003.

Ostin died on July 31, 2022, at the age of 95.

Carlos Blixen

Carlos Samuel Blixen Abella (27 December 1936 – 1 August 2022) was an Uruguayan basketball player. He won the bronze medal with the men's national team at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia. Four years later he once again competed in the Olympics. Blixen was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.

Blixen died on 1 August 2022 in Montevideo at the age of 85.

Joseph Mondello

Joseph Nestor Mondello (February 13, 1938 – August 1, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the United States Ambassador to Trinidad and Tobago from 2018 to 2021 during the Donald Trump presidency. He was Chairman of the New York Republican State Committee until September 2009 and as the chairman of the Nassau County Republican Committee from 1983 to May 24, 2018.

Mondello died on August 1, 2022 at the age of 84.

Hans Bangerter

Hans Bangerter (10 June 1924 – August 2022) was a Swiss football administrator. He was the General Secretary of the UEFA from 1960 to 1989. He was chairman of the board of the Euro-Sportring Foundation. He was born in Studen, Switzerland.

Bangerter died in August 2022 at the age of 98.

You're All I've Got Tonight

"You're All I've Got Tonight" is a 1978 song by American rock new wave band The Cars and is the sixth track from their debut album "The Cars". Like Bye Bye Love, Moving in Stereo and All Mixed Up, three other songs from the album, it continues to get regular airplay on classic rock stations and despite not being released as singles.

Tajikistan national under-17 football team

Tajikistan national under-17 football team is controlled by the Tajikistan National Football Federation. They have appeared at the FIFA U-17 World Cup twice in 2007 and 2019. Their best result was in 2007 where they finished in the Round of 16.

Illinois Confederacy

The Illinois Confederation or Illiniwek or Illini were a group of 12 to 13 tribes in the Northeastern Woodlands. They lived in the Mississippi River Valley. The five major tribes included the Cahokia, Kaskaskia, Michigamea, Peoria, and Tamaroa. The official language was the Miami-Illinois language. This was an Algonquian language. These Native peoples did hunting, fishing and agriculture. There was usually one Great Chief. They lived in wigwams and longhouses. The tribes had a maximum population of over 10,000. The population grew much smaller because of disease and colonization from European settlers. The tribes later regrouped as the Confederated Peoria. Today they live in Oklahoma.

Maliseet

The Wəlastəkwewiyik or Maliseet or Malecite were a Native American group of people of the Northeastern Woodlands. They spoke Algonquian and were a First Nation. They were part of the Wabanaki Confederacy. The region includes Quebec, New Brunswick and parts of Maine. Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians of Maine is a federally recognized Maliseet tribe in the United States. It is considered one the first foreign allies of the United States. 


Southeastern (train company)

SE Trains Limited, trading as Southeastern is a train operating company in southeast England owned by DfT OLR Holdings for the Department for Transport, On 17 October 2021, it became the franchisee for the South Eastern franchise, overtaking the company owned Southeastern. It serves the commuter routes to south-east London, most of Kent, and parts of East Sussex.

In October 2021, Govia-owned Southeastern kept £25 million instead of paying it back to Department for Transport so on 17 October 2021 it was replaced by a government-owned company with the same name.

Wyoming Seminary

Wyoming Seminary is a Methodist college in Kingston, Pennsylvania. It started in 1844..


Mansur Yavaş

Mansur Yavaş ( 23 May 1955, Ankara) is a Turkish lawyer and politician who is currently the Mayor of Ankara, holding the office since April 2019. He was elected in the 2019.

Yavaş was born in the Beypazarı district of Ankara. Yavaş studied at Istanbul University in 1979 and graduated from the law faculty in 1983.

Nancy Pelosi Taiwan visit

Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi visited Taiwan on August 2, 2022 as part of a tour of Asia. She also visited Singapore, Malaysia, South Korea and Japan. The White House did not officially support the visit.

Pelosi said that her visit was a sign that the United States will support Taiwan. She also visited the Legislative Yuan and met with President Tsai Ing-wen.

Before her visit, it was not known if Pelosi would visit Taiwan. White House National Security representative John Kirby said that China could respond with a missile attack near Taiwan or other military actions to show they did not approve of Pelosi's visit.

Pelosi compared China's possible actions to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, in her article for "The Washington Post" on August 2. She also compared Chinese officials to Russian officials by calling them autocrats.

Pelosi arrived in Taipei, Taiwan late on August 2 by a military aircraft. She met with President Tsai Ing-wen on August 3. She was awarded a medal of honour at the Presidential Office Building.

In a press release issued during the trip, Pelosi declared that the visit "in no way contradicts longstanding United States policy, guided by the Taiwan Relations Act of 1979, U.S.-China Joint Communiques and the Six Assurances. The United States continues to oppose unilateral efforts to change the status quo". White House Coordinator for Strategic Communications at the National Security Council John Kirby reiterated this perspective at a press conference held during the visit saying "The Speaker’s visit is totally consistent with our longstanding One China policy. We’ve been very clear that nothing has changed about our One China policy, which is guided, of course, by the Taiwan Relations Act, the Three Joint U.S.-PRC Communiqués, and the Six Assurances.

The People's Republic of China (PRC) did not like the visit. In a telephone speech between President of the United States Joe Biden and PRC leader Xi Jinping the week before, the PRC government warned about a visit like this. Chinese officials said that this visit would not make the relationship between the United States and China good. 

Taiwan's Ministry of National Defense said that twenty-one Chinese Air Force planes flew into its airspace on August 2.

On the night Pelosi landed in Taipei, the PLA Eastern Theater Command increased its naval and air force activity near Taiwan. It had missile test firings in waters east of Taiwan. Also, China announced that they will have more military drills in areas around Taiwan from August 4 to August 7.

The U.S. Ambassador to China Nicholas Burns was asked to meet with the Chinese Foreign Ministry to talk about how China did not approve of the visit.

Several countries reacted to the visit. New Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese said "We don’t want to see any unilateral change to the status quo." New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said "Dialogue and diplomacy is what we need in these tense times." A spokesperson for the European Union emphasized the bloc's "clear One China Policy."


Vasip Şahin

Vasip Şahin (born 1964) is a Turkish civil servant. Currently, he serves as the Governor of Ankara Province.

He was born in Bayburt in 1964. He completed his primary, secondary and high school education in Erzincan. In 1985, Şahin graduated from Faculty of Law in Istanbul University. Vasip Şahin is married, and is father of three.

Eric S. Schmitt

Eric Stephen Schmitt (born June 20, 1975) is an American lawyer and politician who is the United States Senator from Missouri since 2023. He was the 43rd Attorney General of Missouri from 2019 to 2023. He was the 46th State Treasurer of Missouri from 2017 to 2019.

He was a member of the Missouri Senate from 2009 to 2017. He also was an alderman for Glendale, Missouri from 2005 to 2008. 

On November 13, 2018, Schmitt was named Attorney General of Missouri by Governor Mike Parson, after the Josh Hawley, was elected to the United States Senate.

In March 2021, he announced his candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2022 election to replace retiring Senator Roy Blunt. He won the Republican nomination in the August primaries.

Derek Schmidt

Derek Larkin Schmidt (born January 23, 1968) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the Kansas Attorney General from 2011 to 2023. He is a Republican. He was a member of the Kansas Senate from 2001 to 2011.

As State Attorney General, Schmidt worked tirelessly to help bring justice to the state of Kansas. Derek Schmidt was the 44th attorney general for the State of Kansas. He is the state’s second longest-serving attorney general and in his 2018 reelection received the most votes of any candidate for attorney general in state history.
Schmidt was the Republican nominee for governor in 2022, losing to the incumbent in the state’s closest gubernatorial general election since 1978.
As Kansas attorney general, Schmidt made it his mission to serve and protect Kansans – especially the most vulnerable. He stopped scam artists and abusers from preying on seniors, prosecuted an unprecedented number of crimes against children, and sued companies whose marketing, sales and distribution practices fueled opioid addiction. The more than $1.5 billion his administration recovered for Kansas consumers and taxpayers is more than all previous Kansas attorneys general combined. He successfully advocated for the Kansas Bureau of Investigation to build a long-overdue modern forensic science center on the campus of Washburn University, establish the Child Victims Unit and the Northeast Child Victims Task Force, and implement the Sexual Assault Kit Initiative that eliminated a backlog of untested sexual assault kits.
Schmidt personally and successfully argued three Kansas cases before the U.S. Supreme Court. Under his leadership, the Kansas attorney general’s office presented oral argument in eight U.S. Supreme Court cases – and won them all.
He also was among attorneys general dubbed the “last line of defense” against illegal and overreaching federal actions, who helped pioneer the role of state attorneys general in using state litigation to enforce the boundaries of our federal system.
Before being elected attorney general, Schmidt served 10 years as a Kansas state senator, representing a rural district in Southeast Kansas. He served four of those years as chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee and six years as Senate Majority Leader.
Honors presented to Schmidt include the Criminal Justice Professional of the Year Award from the Wichita Crime Commission, the Exceptional Service to Kansas Law Enforcement Award from the Kansas Sheriffs Association, the Policy Maker of the Year Award from the Kansas County and District Attorneys Association, the Distinguished Service to Kansas Children Award from the Kansas Children’s Service League, and the Guardian of Small Business Award from the Kansas chapter of the National Federation of Independent Businesses. He served as the 2017-18 president of the National Association of Attorneys General, where he led a national campaign against elder abuse and was presented the Kelley-Wyman Award as the nation’s outstanding Attorney General for 2019.
A native of Independence, Kansas, Schmidt graduated from Independence High School and studied at Independence Community College. He earned his bachelor’s degree in journalism from the University of Kansas, his master’s degree in international politics from the University of Leicester in the United Kingdom, his law degree from Georgetown University Law Center, and his doctorate in law from the University of Kansas School of Law.
Schmidt and his wife, Jennifer, are the parents of two daughters. In March 2021, Schmidt announced his candidacy for governor of Kansas in the 2022 election. He won the primary election, but lost the general election election to Governor Laura Kelly in November 2022. Schmidt got 47.3%, Kelly got 49.5%, Pyle 2.2%, and Cordell got 1.1% of the vote.
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2022/11/08/us/elections/results-kansas-governor.html

Jaime Jarrín

Jaime Jarrín (; born December 10, 1935) is an Ecuadorian-born American sportscaster. He is known as the Spanish-language voice of the Los Angeles Dodgers. He began broadcasting for the Dodgers in 1959. He was the 1998 recipient of the Ford C. Frick Award from the Baseball Hall of Fame. 

Vicky Hartzler

Vicky Jo Hartzler (née Zellmer; born October 13, 1960) is an American politician. She was the U.S. representative for from 2011 to 2023. She is a member of the Republican Party. She was a Missouri state representative from 1995 to 2000.

She was an unsuccessful candidate for the United States Senate in the 2022 election, having lost the nomination to Eric S. Schmitt.

Karrin Taylor Robson

Karrin Margaret Taylor Robson (née Kunasek, born 1964/1965) is an American lawyer and politician. Taylor Robson was a member of the Arizona Board of Regents from 2017 until 2021. Robson is a member of the Republican Party.

In June 2021, Robson announced her candidacy for the Republican nomination for Governor of Arizona in the 2022 election. She lost the Republican nomination in the August primary to former news anchor Kari Lake.

Friedrich-Wilhelm von Herrmann

Friedrich-Wilhelm von Herrmann (8 October 1934 – 2 August 2022) was a German philosopher. He was known for his works about Martin Heidegger's thought. Herrmann was born in Potsdam, Germany. He also worked at the University of Freiburg.

Herrmann died on 2 August 2022 of a heart attack in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany at the age of 87.

The Curse of the Jade Scorpion

The Curse of the Jade Scorpion is a 2001 American German crime comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and also starring Helen Hunt, Dan Aykroyd, Wallace Shawn, Elizabeth Berkley, Charlize Theron, David Ogden Stiers, Brian Markinson. It was distributed by DreamWorks Pictures and was a box office failure.


Runaway (The Corrs song)

"Runaway" is a 1995 debut song by Irish band The Corrs. It was released in September 1995 had middling chart success except in Ireland and Australia and was taken from their debut album "Forgiven, Not Forgotten".

The Core

The Core is a 2003 American Canadian British Dutch science fiction action directed by Jon Amiel and starring Aaron Eckhart, Hilary Swank, Delroy Lindo, Stanley Tucci, Bruce Greenwood, Alfre Woodard, Richard Jenkins. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Cecilia Elizabeth Martin-Edmunds

Cecilia Elizabeth Mary Agnes Martin-Edmunds (1872 - 1947) was a British foil fencer from London. She was a fencer at Salle Alibert. She was internationaly a leading female fencer in the early 1910s. 

Martin Edmunds became British national champion in 1909. She won in the summer of 1913 the international women's fencing tournament at the 1913 International Exposition in Ghent. Forty fencers competed at this tournament and she among others eliminated the Dutch Esther Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo. In 1914 she won the 1914 Salle Giandomenici international women's fencing competition in Amsterdam. Of the eight matches she only lost one match. With less received touchés compared to Esther Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo who also lost only one match, she won the tournament.

Martin Edmunds was tall compared to Dutch and Belgian fencers. This was in her advantage having a larger reach. She had, as described, a "careful" fencing style.


Janat Ansari

Janat Ansari () is a Nepalese politician. He is a member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province from People's Socialist Party, Nepal. Ansari, a resident of Birgunj, was elected via 2017 Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province election from Parsa 1(A).

Abdul Rahim Ansari

Abdul Rahim Ansari (Nepali: अब्दुल रहिम अंसारी) is a Nepalese politician. He is a member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province from People's Socialist Party, Nepal. Ansari, a resident of Sakhuwa Prasauni Rural Municipality, was elected via 2017 Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province elections from Parsa 3(A).

Gopi Chand Narang

Gopi Chand Narang (11 February 1931 – 15 June 2022) was an Indian theorist, literary critic, and scholar who wrote in Urdu and English. His Urdu literary criticism incorporated a range of modern theoretical frameworks including stylistics, structuralism, post-structuralism, and Eastern poetics.

Narang died on 15 June 2022 in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States at the age of 91.

Sarlahi 2 (constituency)

Sarlahi 2 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Sarlahi District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Canada national rugby union team

The Canada national rugby union team () is a second tier rugby union from Canada. They were a mainstay at the Rugby World Cup from 1987 to 2019 and failed to qualify for the first time in 2023. They are currently ranked 23rd in the World Rankings as of July 2022. 

Millicent Hall

Millicent Hathaway Hall-Spong (1 November 1881 — 12 January 1958) was an English fencer. She was a member of Salle Bertrand in London.

She became national champion in 1907, 1908 and 1922.
She competed as at the 1908 Summer Olympics in the open foil event. This event was held a demonstration event. She was the only female participant, competed against men and so she was the first female Olympic fencer.

She won an international competition against Dutch women of "Salle De Vos" during the 1911 England–Holland women's fencing competitions in London. According to the Dutch newspaper "De nieuwe courant" Hall was together with Julia Johnstone, much better compared to the other British women. After a period of not fencing, she started fencing again in late 1913. She competed in November 1913 at the 1913 Alfred Hutton Memorial Challenge Cup where she was described of making "excellent assaults". In this competition she was eliminated in the semi-final.

She became the first president of the Ladies’ Amateur Fencing Union in 1930.

Leather Jackets (album)

Leather Jackets is the 20th studio album by Elton John and was released on 15 October, 1986. It was the first album since 1970 not to have any Top 40 singles in the United Kingdom and the United States. It had much better success in Australia where it peaked at number 4.

Notes

Bara 2 (constituency)

Bara 2 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Bara District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Shark Night

Shark Night (advertised as Shark Night 3D) is a 2011 American horror movie. It was directed by David R. Ellis and written by Will Hayes and Jesse Studenberg.

South Eastern franchise

The South Eastern franchise, also known as the Integrated Kent franchise, is a railway franchise for providing passenger services between London and Kent in South East England.

Connex South Eastern began operating the franchise on 13 October 1996

On 8 November 2003, Its services were stopped because of money problems and using old trains instead of buying new ones.

On 9 November 2003, South Eastern Trains, took over the franchise for 18 months. It took on all of the trains and the Connex staff.

In November 2005, Southeastern took over the franchise. It took on all of the trains.

In October 2021, Its services were stopped because it kept £25 million instead of paying it back to Department for Transport.

On 17 October 2021, Southeastern took over the franchise. It took on all of the trains and staff. They had also kept the same name and same logos.

Chorus frog

Pseudacris (the chorus frogs) is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in North America. They live as far west as the Pacific coast and as far east as the Atlantic coast.

The name comes from the Greek word "pseudes" (false) and "akris" (locust). Scientists might have named these frogs false-locust because the frog's voices sound like locust's voices: a repeated rasping trill sound. They also might have named these frogs false-"Acris" because there is another frog genus called "Acris".

Scientists disagree about which species should be in this genus. Because these frogs can hybridize, meaning make healthy young together, molecular genetic research cannot help much.

Frost "et al." list 19 species in this genus, and AmphibiaWeb lists 17 species, leaving out "P. hypochondriaca" and "P. sierra":
Chorus frogs live anywhere in North America from southern Alaska to southern Baja California, and from the Pacific to the Atlantic.


American coot

The American coot ("Fulica americana") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

Indian Railways

Indian Railways (IR) is a body under the ownership of Ministry of Railways, Government of India. It operates India's national railway system. It manages the fourth largest national railway system in the world by size. It has a total route length of . 83% (Length: ) of all the broad-gauge routes are electrified with 25 kV 50 Hz AC electric traction .

In the freight segment, IR runs 9,475 trains daily. The average speed of freight trains is around . The maximum speed of freight trains varies from depending on their axle load.

, Indian Railways' rolling stock consisted of 2,93,077 freight wagons, 76,608 passenger coaches and 12,729 locomotives. IR owns locomotive and coach-production facilities at different locations in India. It had 1.254 million employees . It makes the world's eighth-largest employer. The government has committed to electrifying India's entire rail network by 2023–24. IR also committed to become a "net zero (carbon emissions) railway" by 2030.

The first railway proposals for India were made in Madras in 1832. The country's first transport train, "Red Hill Railway" (built by Arthur Cotton to transport granite for road-building), ran from Red Hills to the Chintadripet bridge in Madras in 1836-1837.

India's first passenger train, operated by the Great Indian Peninsula Railway and hauled by three steam locomotives ("Sahib", "Sindh" and "Sultan"), ran for with 400 people in 14 carriages on broad gauge track between Bori Bunder (Mumbai) and Thane on 16 April 1853.

On 24 February 1873, a tram opened in Calcutta between Sealdah and Armenian Ghat Street. On 9 May 1874, a horse-drawn tramway began operation in Bombay between Colaba and Parel.

In 1986, computerized ticketing and reservations were introduced in New Delhi. In 1988, the was introduced between New Delhi and Jhansi; it was later extended to Bhopal. Two years later, the first self-printing ticket machine (SPTM) was introduced in New Delhi. In 1993, air-conditioned three-tier coaches and a sleeper class (separate from second class) were introduced on IR. The CONCERT system of computerized reservations was deployed in New Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai in September 1996. In 1998, coupon validating machines (CVMs) were introduced at Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus. The nationwide concierge system began operation on 18 April 1999. In February 2000, the Indian Railways website went online.

The story of Indian Railways began over a century and a half ago during British colonial rule. The first train journey in India took place in 1853, covering a distance of 34 km from Bombay (now Mumbai) to Thane. Since then, the Indian Railways has come a long way, evolving into one of the world's largest railway networks.

Indian Railways is headed by a Four-member Railway Board. The chairman of the board reports to the Ministry of Railways. The Railway Board also acts as the Ministry of Railways. The officers working in the office of Railway Board are mostly from organised Group A Railway Services and Railway Board Secretariat Service.

IR is divided into 18 zones, headed by general railway managers or GRM. GRMs report to the Railway Board.

The zones are further subdivided into 71 operating divisions, headed by divisional railway managers (DRM). The divisional officers of the various categories - engineering, mechanical, electrical, signal and telecommunication, stores, accounts, personnel, operating, commercial, security and safety branches - report to their respective DRMs. They are tasked with the operation and maintenance of assets.

Station masters control individual stations and train movements within their stations' territory. In addition, there are a number of production units, training establishments, public sector enterprises and other offices working under the control of the Railway Board.


Saptari 3 (constituency)

Saptari 3 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Saptari District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Saptari 3 incorporates Rupani Rural Municipality, Bishnupur Rural Municipality, Belhi Chapena Rural Municipality, Sambhunath Municipality and Dakneshwari Municipality.

It encompasses the following Province No. 2 Provincial Assembly segment


Bara 4 (constituency)

Bara 4 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Bara District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Bara 4 incorporates Parwanipur Rural Municipality, Prasauni Rural Municipality, Bishrampur Rural Municipality, ward 17 of Kalaiya Sub-metropolitan City, wards 1–4 of Pheta Rural Municipality, and wards 1–10 and 19–24 of Jitpur Simara Sub-metropolitan City.

It encompasses the following Province No. 2 Provincial Assembly segment


Rashtrapati Nilayam

Rashtrapati Nilayam (literally the "President's House") formerly known as Residency House is the official retreat of the President of India.

Parsa 2 (constituency)

Parsa 2 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Parsa District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Parsa 2 incorporates Parsagadhi Municipality, wards 2–4 and 6 of Bahudarmai Municipality and wards 1, 3, 6, 8, 10, 17, 19 and 24–29 of Birgunj Metropolitan City.

It encompasses the following Madhesh Province Assembly segment

Miao shrine

Miao (廟) are buildings in East Asian religions where people worship gods and legendary heroes. They are a kind of Chinese temple and are different than Ci Shrines where people are worshipped instead of gods.

The word shenmiao (神庙, lit God-Miao) is normally translated as temple


Electroscope

An electroscope is a scientific instrument. It is used to detect electric charges. It can detect electric charges because of the electrostatic forces. The first electroscope was invented by William Gilbert.

Patriarchal clan system

The Patriarchal system was an important political system in the Western Zhou. The patriarchal system was based on blood ties. Firstborn succession was important to it. It helped maintain stability in the Western Zhou. Together with the Ritual Music System it is seen as having been the foundation of Zhou society


Slam-door train

A slam-door train or slammer is a set of diesel multiple units (DMUs) or electric multiple units (EMUs) that were made before the creation of automatic doors on railway carriages in the United Kingdom and other countries, which have manually operated doors. The name came about because of the noise made by the passengers slamming the doors closed when the train was about to depart.

Some slam-door trains had doors that could only be opened from the outside, so passengers had to lean out of the window to reach the outside door handle.

In 2005, all slam-door trains were replaced with trains with automatic operated doors.

Ada Ameh

Ada Ameh was a from Idoma in Benue State. he was born and raised in Ajegunle in Lagos State. Ameh did both primary and secondary education in Lagos State but didn't further at age 14, the same age she gave birth to her first daughter.
In 1995,Ameh officially became part of the Nigerian movie industry Nollywood and took on her first movie role in 1996,where she acted the character Anita in the movie Domitila,which became quite successful. The movie was produced by Zeb Ejior. Ameh also acted in the Nigerian TV series titled The Johnsons,which also became a successful project that received awards.

Noa Man

Noa Diorgina Man (born 11 December 2004) is a Dutch freerunner. 

Man started with freerunning when she was 12 years old. When Man was 13 years old, she became senior national champion. In 2021 she won the Red Bull Art of Motion. At the Parkour competitions at the 2022 World Games she won the gold medal in the freestyle event and the silver medal in the speedrun event.

Jody Beckers

Jody Beckers (born 10 December 1993) is a Dutch compound archer. She represents the Netherlands at international tournaments.

Beckers competed at the 2022 European Archery Championships. In July 2022 she became Dutch national champion. She was selected to represent the Netherlands at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham. Together with Mike Schloesser she won the silver medal in the mixed team compound event. 

Beckers works in a archery wholesaler.

Standard Life Building

The Standard Life Building is a historic high-rise building in Jackson, Mississippi, United States.

Regions Plaza (Jackson, Mississippi)

The Regions Plaza is a high-rise office building in Jackson, Mississippi, United States.

Phil Carlson

Phillip Henry Carlson (8 August 1951 – 29 July 2022) was an Australian cricketer who played two tests and 4 one-day internationals in 1979. He was diagnosed type 1 diabetes at the age of 47.

Carlson died on 29 July 2022, ten days before his 71st birthday.

Ankie Timmers

Ankie Timmers (born 14 October 1986) is a Dutch power lifter. She represents the Netherlands at international tournaments. She is a former European Champion, 2019 European Powerlifter of the Year and World Championships medalist.

Since 2013 she is trained by Alain Hammang in Luxembourgh. She competed for the first time at the World Games at the 2013 World Games. At the 2017 World Games Timmers finished seventh in the heavyweight event. At the event she improved the Dutch squat national record to 220 kg. Timmers won the silver medal at the 2018 World Championships. In 2019 she became European Champion. She became European Powerlifter of the year, and became the first Dutch women to win this award. At the 2022 World Games she just didn't win a medal, finishing fourth place in the heavyweight event.

Brighton, Vermont

Brighton is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Dajenka Meijer

Dajenka Meijer (born 24 October 2001) is a Dutch kickboxer from Kiel-Windeweer. She represents the Netherlands at international touraments.

Since 2019 she is trained by Denis van der Giessen. Meijer became World Champion in 2021 in the B-division. With this resuls she qualified for the 2022 World Games. Ahead of the 2022 World Games she competed at the Enfusion Gala at the MartiniPlaza. At the 2022 World Games she just didn't win a medal, finishing in fourth position.

Lynn Snel

Lynn Snel (born 14 May 1998) is a Dutch karateka from Zaandam. She represents the Netherlands at international competitions. 

Snel is multiple times Dutch national champion. Snel was not able to qualify for the delayed 2020 Summer Olympics. Despite a poor preparation, Snel won the bronze medal at the 2021 World Karate Championships. It was the first time since 17 years the Netherlands won a medal at the World Championships. She finished fifth at the 2022 World Games

Roman Kutuzov

Roman Vladimirovich Kutuzov (; 16 February 1969 – 5 June 2022) was a Russian lieutenant general. He was killed during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Indiana's 2nd congressional district

Indiana's 2nd congressional district is a legislative electoral area in Indiana. Areas that it represents are South Bend and Elkhart.

The district's seat in Congress is vacant as of August 3, 2022, after the death of Republican Jackie Walorski.

Balikpapan

Balikpapan is a seaport city in East Kalimantan, Indonesia. It is on the east coast of the island of Borneo.

Lennart Back

Torsten Lennart Back (28 May 1933 – 1 August 2022) was a Swedish race walker. He won a bronze medal in the 20 km event at the 1958 European Championships. He finished sixth at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Buddy Arrington

Buddy Arrington (July 26, 1938 – August 2, 2022) was an American NASCAR Winston Cup Series driver. He was born in Martinsville, Virginia. His career began in 1963 and he retired in 1988.

Arrington died on August 2, 2022 in Martinsville at the age of 84.

You Can Call Me Al

"You Can Call Me Al" is a song by Paul Simon. It was the first single from Simon’s seventh studio album, Graceland (1986). It was released on Warner Bros. Records. It was written by Simon. The words are about a person in a midlife crisis. It was partly based on Simon's trip to South Africa and how he saw that country’s culture.

Luis Augusto Castro Quiroga

Luis Augusto Castro Quiroga (8 April 1942 – 2 August 2022) was a Colombian Roman Catholic prelate. Castro Quiroga was born in Bogota, Colombia.

Castro Quiroga was the Apostolic Vicar of San Vicente del Caguán from 1986 to 1998. He was also the Archbishop of Tunja from 1998 to 2020. He was the President of Episcopal Conference of Colombia two times from 2005 to 2008 and 2015 to 2017.

Castro Quiroga died on 2 August 2022 in Bogota from COVID-19 at the age of 80.

Zbyszko Piwoński

Zbyszko Piwoński (9 July 1929 – 2 August 2022) was a Polish teacher and politician. He was a member of the Polish United Workers' Party and later the Democratic Left Alliance. He was Voivode of Zielona Góra Voivodeship from 1984 to 1990 and was a Senator from 1993 to 2005. Piwoński was born in Stawiska, Poland.

Piwoński died on 2 August 2022 at the age of 93.

Yadu

Yadu (legendary king) () is one of the five Indo-Aryan tribes ("panchajana", "panchakrishtya" or "panchamanusha") mentioned in the Rig Veda (I.54.6, I.108.7, X.62.10). The Mahabharata, the Harivamsha and the Puranas mention Yadu as the eldest son of king Yayati and his queen Devayani. The prince of King Yayati, Yadu was a self-respecting and a very established ruler. According to the Vishnu Purana, the Bhagavata Purana and the Garuda Purana Yadu had four sons, while according to the rest of the Puranas he had five sons. The names of his sons are: Sahasrajit (or Sahasrada), Kroshtu (or Kroshta), Nila, Antika and Laghu. The kings between Budha and Yayati were known as Somavanshi. According to a narrative found in the Mahabharata, and the Vishnu Purana, Yadu refused to exchange his years of youth with his father Yayati. So he was cursed by Yayati that none of Yadu's progeny shall possess the dominion under his father's command. Thereby, he could not have carried on the same dynasty, called Somavamshi. Notably, the only remaining dynasty of King Puru was entitled to be known as Somavamshi. Thereby King Yadu ordered that the future generations of his would be known as "Yadavs" and the dynasty would be known as "Yaduvamshi". The generations of Yadu had an unprecedented growth and got divided into two branches.

Ng Boon Bee

Dato' Ng Boon Bee (; 17 December 1937 – 3 August 2022) was a Malaysian badminton player. He was born in Ipoh, British Malaysia. His career began in 1960 and he retired in 1973. He won a silver medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. 

Boon Bee died at a hospital in Perak, Malaysia on 3 August 2022 at the age of 84.

White Pony

White Pony is the third album by the alternative metal band Deftones. It was released on June 20, 2000. It was made by Terry Date, who also made the band's first two albums: Adrenaline (1995) and Around the Fur (1997). It was recorded between August and December 1999 in Sausalito, California.


Petro Kravchuk

Petro Kostiantynovych Kravchuk (; 11 July 1962 – 3 August 2022) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of Ukraine – Forward!. He was a People's Deputy of Ukraine from 2006 to 2008. Kravchuk was born in Volyn Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union.

Kravchuk died on 3 August 2022, at the age of 60.

Andrejs Rubins

Andrejs Rubins (26 November 1978 – 1 August 2022) was a Latvian professional footballer. He played as a left midfielder. He played for the Latvia national team from 1998 until 2011, making 117 appearances. 

Rubins died on 1 August 2022 at the age of 43.

When the Boat Comes In

When the Boat Comes In is a British period drama. It was made by the BBC between 1976 and 1981. The show stars James Bolam as Jack Ford. Ford is a First World War veteran who returns to his hometown of Gallowshield in the North East of England. Gallowshield is not actually real. In the show, it has a lot of poverty. The show talks about political problems in the 1920s and 1930s, after World War I but before World War II. It shows how these problems affect Ford and the other characters.

Villiam Vecchi

Villiam Vecchi (28 December 1948 – 3 August 2022) was an Italian footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He was born in Scandiano, Italy. He mainly played for Como 1907 from 1976 until 1981, making 147 appearances.

Vecchi died on 3 August 2022 in Reggio Emilia, Italy at the age of 73.

What You Won't Do for Love (song)

"What You Won't Do for Love" is a song by Bobby Caldwell. It was released in September 1978. It was the lead single from Caldwell’s first album, which was named after him. It was written by Caldwell and Alfons Kettner. It was made by Ann Holloway. The song has been covered and sampled many times. One of the times was by Tupac Shakur in the 1998 song "Do for Love".

Scandiano

Scandiano (Reggiano: ) is a town and "comune" in Emilia-Romagna, in the northeast part of the country of Italy. It had a population of 25,663 in 2016.

Jackie Walorski

Jacqueline R. Walorski (, August 17, 1963 – August 3, 2022) was an American politician. She was the U.S. representative for Indiana's 2nd congressional district from 2013 until her death in 2022. She was a member of the Republican Party. She was a member of the Indiana House of Representatives from 2005 to 2010.

Walorski was born in South Bend, Indiana, on August 17, 1963. She studied at Liberty University and at Taylor University. In 1995, she married Dean Swihart.

Walorski began her career as a television reporter in South Bend from 1985 to 1989. Walorski moved to Romania in 2000 to focus on charity work and Christian missionary work for children there. She returned to the United States in 2004.

In 2004, Walorski ran for the Indiana House of Representatives. She ran for Indiana's 2nd District. Walorski beat Democrat Carl H. Kaser in a landslide victory with a 64% to 36% vote margin. In 2006, she won a second term with 53% of the vote. In 2008, she won a third term without anyone running against her.

In January 2009, Walorski announced her candidacy to run against Democratic U.S. Representative Joe Donnelly. She won the Republican primary in May 2010. She lost the general election with a 48% to 47% vote margin.

Donnelly decided not to run for reelection in the U.S. House, instead wanted to run for the U.S. Senate in 2012. In May 2012, Walorski won the Republican nomination for the U.S. House seat. Walorski would go on to win the general election with a 49% to 48% vote margin. 

In June 2017, she was honored with the Commander of the Order of the Star of Romania in Romania for her charity work there in the early 2000s.

Walorski voted against the second impeachment of Donald Trump and voted to not approve the certification of the 2020 United States presidential election.

In December 2020, Walorski was one of 126 Republican members of the House of Representatives who supported "Texas v. Pennsylvania", a lawsuit filed at the United States Supreme Court. This was an attempt to overturn the results of the 2020 United States presidential election, in which Joe Biden beat Donald Trump.

Walorski was killed in a car crash near Nappanee, Indiana on August 3, 2022 at the age of 58. Three other people were killed in the accident including her communications director, Emma Thomson, and her district director, Zachery Potts. The accident was caused when Walorski's car crashed with another car on State Road 19. Her funeral was held on August 11 in Granger, Indiana and she was buried at Southlawn Cemetery in South Bend.

U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said flags would be at half-staff at the United States Capitol in her honor. House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg, former Vice President Mike Pence, former President Donald Trump, and President Joe Biden released statements after her death honoring her.


Karl May

Karl Friedrich May (25 February 1842 – 30 March 1912) was a popular German author. He wrote over 70 books. He is known for fictional adventure works. His stories were in the 19th century. They usually take place in the American Old West, the Orient or the Middle East. His most famous fictional character was the Apache Native American Winnetou. Winnetou was together with the German engineer Old Shatterhand. Other notable characters are Kara Ben Nemsi and Hadschi Halef Omar. May later wrote more academic and philosophical writings. There are over 200 million copies of his works.

Indiana House of Representatives

The Indiana House of Representatives is the lower house of the Indiana General Assembly, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Indiana. The House is made up of 100 members. House members serve two-year terms without term limits.

Indiana General Assembly

The Indiana General Assembly is the state legislature, or legislative branch, of the state of Indiana. It is a bicameral legislature. It has a lower house, the Indiana House of Representatives, and an upper house, the Indiana Senate. The General Assembly meets at the Indiana Statehouse in Indianapolis.

Indiana Senate

The Indiana Senate is the upper house of the Indiana General Assembly, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Indiana. The Senate is made up of 50 members. Senators serve four-year terms without term limits. The Indiana Senate was created in 1816 along with the Indiana House of Representatives in 1816, when Indiana became a state.

Kenny Marchant

Kenny Ewell Marchant (born February 23, 1951) is an American politician. He was the U.S. representative for , from 2005 to 2021. He was a member of the Republican Party.

On August 5, 2019, Marchant announced that he would not seek re-election in 2020.

Taylor University

Taylor University is a private, interdenominational, evangelical Christian university in Upland, Indiana. It was founded in 1846. It is one of the oldest evangelical Christian universities in the country.

Upland, Indiana

Upland (pronounced as "up-land") is a town in Grant County, Indiana, United States. The population was 3,821 at the 2020 census. 

Adolfo Navajas Artaza

Adolfo Navajas Artaza (26 May 1925 – 2 August 2022) was an Argentine businessman and politician. He was an independent. He was Governor of Corrientes Province from 1969 to 1973. He also was Minister of Social Action from 1982 to 1983. He was born in Gobernador Virasoro, Argentina.

Navajas died on 2 August 2022 at the age of 97.

Cecilia Moreau

Cecilia Moreau (born 5 December 1976) is an Argentine politician. She is a National Deputy representing Buenos Aires Province since 2015. She is also the President of the Chamber of Deputies since 2022.

Leopoldo Moreau

Leopoldo Raúl Guido Moreau (born 5 November 1946) is an Argentine journalist and politician. He was a well known supporter of President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. He was a member of both houses of the Argentine National Congress from 1983 to 2005, and National Deputy since 2017. He also was President of the Chamber of Deputies 1989. He unsuccessfully ran for President of Argentina in 2003.

Domingo Cavallo

Domingo Felipe Cavallo (born July 21, 1946) is an Argentine economist and politician. Between 1991 and 1996 he was Economic Ministry of Argentina during Carlos Menem presidency and again for a short time in 2001 during the Fernando de la Rúa presidency. He was known for making the U.S. dollar of legal use in Argentina. 

He unsuccessfully ran for President of Argentina in 1999. From 1989 to 1991, he was the Minister of Foreign Affairs during the Carlos Menem presidency.

Massachusett

The Massachusett were a Native American tribe in the Northeastern Woodlands. They lived around the Boston area in what is now Massachusetts. Many Natives died from European diseases like smallpox. They were one of the first Natives the British colonists met. They were part of the Algonquian language family. The missionary John Eliot converted many Native peoples to Christianity.

Jesus and the woman caught in adultery

Jesus and the woman caught in adultery is a story from the New Testament of the Christian Bible. It is in John 7:53–8:11.

In the story, Jesus was teaching in the Second Temple after coming from the Mount of Olives. A group of scribes (record keepers) and Pharisees (Jewish teachers) interrupt Jesus and speak to him. These people do not like Jesus, so they want to trick him into saying something wrong. They bring in a woman and say she was caught in adultery: having sex with a man while married to another man. They say that for punishment, she should be killed by stoning, according to the law of Moses. They ask Jesus for his answer. He starts to write something on the ground with his finger, but when they ask him again, he answers. He says that a person who has never sinned (done something bad) should throw the first stone. The scribes and Pharisees know that they have all sinned, so they leave. Jesus asks the woman if anyone has condemned her, and she answers no. Jesus says that he, also, does not condemn her. He tells her to go and sin no more.

John 7:53–8:11 in the New Revised Standard Version:

The ideas in this story are important in Christian thought. There is a message of mercy and forgiveness, and a call for holy living, without sin. The phrases "go and sin no more" and to "cast the first stone" are in common use.

Most scholars agree that this story was not in the earliest versions of the Gospel of John. It was added later. Scholars learned this by reading these early versions, or manuscripts.

Trinidad and Tobago national rugby union team

The Trinidad and Tobago national rugby union team is a third tier rugby union from Trinidad and Tobago. They are yet to feature at the Rugby World Cup and are ranked 52nd as of July 2022.

Kodachrome (song)

"Kodachrome" is a 1973 song by Paul Simon and taken from his third album "There Goes Rhymin' Simon". It was named after Kodak. It went to number 2 in Canada and the United States.

Vagabond Heart

Vagabond Heart is the sixteen studio album by Rod Stewart was released on 26 March, 1991. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in the United States and topped the charts in Australia.

Notes

Storyteller – The Complete Anthology: 1964–1990

Storyteller – The Complete Anthology: 1964-1990 is a 4-disc compilation album by Rod Stewart released in November 1989. It went to number 1 in New Zealand and number 5 in Australia in 2012.






Tony Magnusson

Tony Magnusson (born February 23, 1963) is a Swedish professional skateboarder and coowner of Osiris Shoes. Magnusson was born in Tyresö, located in Stockholm, Sweden. Magnusson started his career in 1983. He was a rider in the United States for the Uncle Wiggley team.

Osiris was founded in 1996, and produces technical footwear for skateboarders.

Mary McAllister

Mary McAllister, also known as Little Mary McAllister, (born Mary McAlister; May 27, 1908 – May 1, 1991) was an American silent film actress of Hollywood, and a pioneer of child actors.

McAllister was born in Los Angeles, California. She started her acting career at the early age of 6.

Carolyn Rouse

Carolyn Moxley Rouse (born c. 1965) is an American anthropologist, professor and filmmaker. She is Professor and Chair of the Department of Anthropology at Princeton University.

In her junior year, she studied abroad in Kenya in a program focused on wildlife biology. She is a master's in visual anthropology and a Ph.D. in anthropology from the University of Southern California.

John Schroeder (golfer)

John Lawrence Schroeder (born November 12, 1945) is an American professional golfer. He played on the PGA Tour and Champions Tour.

Schroeder was born in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, the son of tennis great Ted Schroeder. He studied at the University of Michigan and was a member of the golf team, an All-American in 1968. He turned pro in 1969. 

N. van Driel

N. van Driel was a Dutch track and field athlete representing athletics club R.S. Rozenburg in the early 1920s. She also played korball with the same club. 

Van Driel was the only women who was able in 1921 to beat Annie van de Blankevoort in the 80 metres event, who was was named in the media “the invincible” that year. She beated her at the seasons’ first 1921 South Holland competition meeting.

At the 1921 Dutch Athletics Championships was the first national championships that included women’s events. Van Driel became the first female Dutch national champion in the 4x 100 metres relay event with Rozenburg. She won also the bronze medal in the 80 metres as part of these national championships a week later.



Gopal Chandra Budhathoki

Gopal Chandra Budhathoki is a Nepali politicaian. He is a former member of Provincial Assembly of Province No. 1. He was elected from Jhapa 1 (constituency) (B). He is the current Mayor of Mechinagar Municipality.

The CPN UML candidate Gopal Chandra Budhathoki was elected as a member of Provincial
Assembly of Province No. 1 by 17,839 votes. His nearest rival of Nepali Congress Ashok Kumar
Pokharel got 9,978 votes.

Kingdom of Afghanistan

The Kingdom of Afghanistan (; ) was a constitutional monarchy in Central Asia established in 1926 as a successor state to the Emirate of Afghanistan. It was proclaimed by its first king, Amanullah Khan, seven years after he acceded to the throne. The monarchy ended in the 1973 Afghan coup d'état.

Vani Kola

Vani Kola is an Indian venture capitalist. She is the founder and managing director of Kalaari Capital, a venture capital firm. Vani was listed in the "Fortune" magazine's Most powerful women in Indian business list for the year 2014
, 2018 and 2019.
She was born in 1964 in Hyderabad, India. She completed her engineering education from Osmania University.

At the age of 22, Vani Kola founded a company called Certus Software in Silicon Valley and served as CEO. After working in Silicon Valley for 22 years, she returned to India in 2006 and founded Kalaari Capital in partnership with various venture capital companies. The company was established in 2012 with an investment of US$150 million. Under Vani's chairmanship, the company's investment reached US$650 million in 2017, which was US$150 million in 2012.


Battle Royale (movie)


Urfi Javed

Urfi Javed (Uorfi Javed) is an Indian television actress. She is known for portraying the role of Avni in "Bade Bhaiyaa Ki Dulhaniya", Aarti in "Meri Durga" and Bella in "Bepanaah".

She was in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh. Urfi did her schooling from City Montessori School and then did her graduation in Mass Communication from Amity University. She was working as a fashion designer's assistant in Delhi and then moved to Mumbai. 

In 2016, Javed appeared in Sony TV's "Bade Bhaiya Ki Dulhania" as Avni Pant. In the same year, she played the role of Chhaya on StarPlus's "Chandra Nandini".
In 2017, she played the role of Aarti in Star Plus's "Meri Durga". In 2018, she was seen in SAB TV's "Saat Phero Ki Hera Pheri" and in Colors TV's "Bepanaah".

Zee Keralam

Zee Keralam is an Indian Malayalam-language television channel.

Menominee

The Menominee or Menomini or Mamaceqtaw are a federally recognized group of Native American tribes. They live in Wisconsin. Their territory used to be much larger. It was about 10 million acres. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands. Their large language group is the Algonquian-language. They speak the Menominee language. The five clans include the Bear, the Eagle, the Wolf, the Crane, and the Moose. An important food was wild rice. The Ojibwe people called them "wild rice people" or "manoominii". The tribes were usually peaceful. Descent and inheritance were through the father (patrilineal). The tribes had similar cultures to the Chippewa. The tribe had early contact with French colonists. In the 19th century, the Menominee sold much of their land to the United States. This included parts of Michigan and Wisconsin. In "Menominee Tribe v. United States" (1968), the Supreme Court decided that the Menominee could keep their right to hunting and fishing.

Zee Punjabi

Zee Punjabi is an Indian television channel

Miami people

The Miami are a Native American Nation. They lived around the Great Lakes in parts of Indiana, Michigan and Ohio. They were part of the Northeastern Woodlands. They are also part of the Algonquian language family. The Miami included the Piankeshaw, Wea, Pepikokia, Kilatika, Mengakonkia, and Atchakangouen. Most were forced to move to Indian Territory in the 19th century. The Miami Tribe of Oklahoma is the only Miami people tribe recognized by the US Government. 

The Miami were originally part of the Mississippian Culture. They moved North around the Great Lakes. Conflict with the Iroquois in the Beaver Wars reduced the population. The Miami eventually went back to their territory in the 18th century. There was conflict with American settlers after the Treaty of Paris. In this treaty, Great Britain gave the lands including Indiana, Michigan and Ohio to the United States. The Miami supported tribes coming from the east like Lenape and Shawnee. The Americans attacked Natives in the region several times. The Battle of Fallen Timbers was the last battle of the Northwest Indian War. The war ended with the Treaty of Greenville (1795). Tribe leaders gave up most of their land in Ohio. Some Miami still resisted and supported the Shawnee Tecumseh. In the 19th century tribes were forced to move to Indian Territory in Oklahoma.

Miami (disambiguation)

Miami is a city in the U.S. state of Florida.

Miami may also refer to:










Mohegan

The Mohegan are a Native American tribe from present-day Connecticut. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands. The language family is the Algonquian language. It is a nationally recognized tribe in Connecticut. The Mohegan and Pequot used to be together during colonial times. The name Mohegan means "People of the Wolf". The Mohegan were attacked by the Mohawk. The Mohawk were part of the Iroquois Confederacy. The Mohegan eventually lost their lands. The Mohegan today are the Mohegan Tribe. They live on the Mohegan Indian Reservation.

Palácio Quitandinha

The Palácio Quitandinha (Portuguese for "Quitandinha Palace") is a historic former luxury resort hotel, casino and convention center in Petrópolis, State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. In 1947, the Palácio Quitandinha was the site of the Rio Treaty, attended by United States President Harry Truman.

The hotel was, for many years, probably the second most famous hotel of the country, after the Copacabana Palace hotel in Rio de Janeiro, which is only about 65 km from Petrópolis. The scenic artificial lake in front of the hotel, loosely resembling the shape of Brazil, was built as a source of water in the event of a fire.

Famous guests who stayed at the hotel included Errol Flynn, Orson Welles, Lana Turner, Henry Fonda, Maurice Chevalier, Greta Garbo, Carmen Miranda, Walt Disney, Bing Crosby, politicians like Eva Perón and president Getúlio Vargas of Brazil and king Carol II of Romania.

The hotel eventually closed in 1962 and its rooms were sold as private residences in 1963.


Pseudacris nigrita

The southern chorus frog, black tree frog, black chorus frog, chorus frog, swamp chorus frog, swamp tree frog, southern chorus frog, striped southern chorus frog, Florida winter frog, or Florida chorus frog ("Pseudacris nigrita") is a frog. It lives in the southeastern United States, on the Atlantic coastal plain. It lives as far north as Virginia and North Carolina and as far south as Florida.

This frog is 19 to 32 mm long from nose to rear end. It has a narrow head and body. The skin on its back is light brown or dark brown in color. It has three rows of dots or spots side to side across its back. Some frogs have a strope that goes all the way to the nose, but some do not. There are spots or stripes on all four legs. The belly is light yellow and sometimes has spots. The adult male frog has green or orange color on its throat.

The tadpoles are 4.5 mm long when they first hatch from their eggs. They have a dark stripe on each side of the body. They can grow to 35 mm long before becoming frogs. The new frogs are between 8.5 and 10.5 mm long.

There are two subspecies of this frog: "Pseudacris nigrita nigrita" and "Pseudacris nigrita verrucosa". "Pseudacris nigrita nigrita" has a black stripe on the lip and "Pseudacris nigrita verrucosa" has a white one.

This frog lives in or near shallow water: ponds, puddles and other bodies of water.

Northwest Indian War

The Northwest Indian War (1786–1795) was a war between Native Americans of the Northwest Indian Confederacy and the United States. The war was about who should control the Northwest Territory. This territory included the current states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan and Wisconsin. It is considered the first war of the American Indian Wars. The United States lost several battles. Eventually, the Americans won and defeated the Native Americans. 

The United States got the land of the Northwest Territory from Great Britain. This land was part of the Treaty of Paris (1783) after the American Revolution. There were several defeats for the Americans. They include Harmar campaign (1790) and St. Clair's defeat (1791). St. Clair's defeat was a major defeat for the Americans. It is perhaps the greatest defeat in American military history. Many American soldiers died. General Washington created a larger army. He made Anthony Wayne the new General. Americans won the last battle. This battle was the Battle of Fallen Timbers. The Natives had to give up their land in Ohio in the Treaty of Greenville (1795). In the Jay Treaty (1795), Natives gave up the lands around the British Great Lakes. 




Montaukett

The Montaukett or Montauk are Native American people from Long Island, New York. They are part of the Algonquian-language group. They are also part of the Northeastern Woodlands. They are related to the Pequot and Narragansett peoples. Montauketts were allied with the settlers during the Pequot War. Colonization spread disease and made the population smaller. Montauk descendants live in Wisconsin and the Shinnecock Reservation in New York. The US Government has not recognized any tribes of the Montauk. 

Nanticoke

The Nanticoke people are Native American people from present-day Chesapeake Bay and Delaware. They are part of the Algonquian language group. The Nanticoke language is an extinct language. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands culture. Their tribes include the Choptank, the Assateague, the Piscataway, and the Doeg. The Nanticoke live in many places today. They include the Northeastern United States and Canada, Delaware, Ontario and Oklahoma. Some Nanticoke people are recognized by states and governments. This includes the Six Nations of the Grand River First Nation. The Nanticoke Lenni-Lenape Indians are recognized in New Jersey. 

Niantic

The Niantic (Nehântick or Nehantucket in their language) were a Native American tribe. They lived in the southern parts of present-day Rhode Island and Connecticut. They were part of the Northeastern Woodlands. Their language was part of the Algonquian-language group. There was an Eastern and Western Niantic. The Eastern Niantic were with the Pequot. The Western Niantic were with the Narragansetts. Niantic were forced off of their lands and went to New York and Wisconsin. A couple of dozen of families claimed to be Niantic in the late 20th century. They have asked to be recognized by the US Government.

Scott McClellan

Scott McClellan (born February 14, 1968) was the 24th White House Press Secretary for President George W. Bush. He wrote a book called "What Happened" about Bush presidency. He replaced Ari Fleischer as press secretary in July 2003 and served until May 10, 2006. McClellan was the longest serving press secretary under George W. Bush.

He is now the Vice President for Communications at Seattle University.

Battle of Fallen Timbers

The Battle of Fallen Timbers (20 August 1794) was the last battle of the Northwest Indian War. The battle was between the Native Americans of the Northwest Indian Confederacy and the United States. British were allied with the Natives. The battle was in northeastern Ohio. There had been a tornado. The tornado ripped down trees. That is where the name Fallen Timbers comes from. General Anthony Wayne led the United States. General Charles Scott supported Wayne with the Kentucky Militia. Blue Jacket was the Shawnee Chief and military leader. Egushawa was chief and

military leader of the Ottawas. The battle only lasted about one hour. The Natives lost against the United States. Natives had to give up their lands in the Northwest Territory in the Treaty of Greenville and Jay's Treaty (1795). 

Little Turtle

Little Turtle (Miami-Illinois: Mihšihkinaahkwa) was a Sagamore (chief) of the Miami people. He was a very famous Native American military leader. He was important in the fights over the Northwest Territory. He was a key leader in the Northwest Indian Wars. Little Turtle made same important victories against the United States. These are sometimes called "Little Turtle's War". A famous victory was St. Clair’s defeat. Mihšihkinaahkwa and natives lost against the United States in the Battle of Fallen Timbers. He signed the Treaty of Greenville. In this treaty, he and other chiefs gave up Native lands to the United States. Afterwards, he told other Natives to keep peace. He stopped the Miami people from joining the Shawnee and Tecumseh. He became famous among American whites and even visited George Washington.

There is a special burial site for Little Turtle at Fort Wayne, Indiana.

Tritagonist

In fiction a tritagonist is the third most important character after the protagonist and deuteragonist.

DWDE-TV

DWDE-DTV, channel 35, is a UHF television station in the Philippines owned and operated by the Delta Broadcasting System, a company owned by El Shaddai servant leader Bro. Mike Z. Velarde. Its studios and transmitter are located at 8F Queensway Building, 118 Amorsolo St. Legaspi Village, Makati.

UHF Channel 35 (599.143 MHz)

International Science Olympiad

The International Science Olympiads (ISO) are worldwide annual competitions in different areas of science. There are 15 commonly recognized International Olympiads.

Crimes of Passion (Pat Benatar album)

Crimes of Passion is the second album by Pat Benatar and was released 5 August, 1980 through Chrysalis Records. It went to number 2 in the United States and Canada.

Steely Dan discography

Steely Dan has nine studio albums, two live albums, twenty-one singles, seven compilation albums, one CD set, and one box set. The band has sold more than forty million albums.

Studio albums

Live albums and videos

Compilations

I Need a Lover

I Need a Lover is a 1978 debut song by John Mellencamp and was covered by Pat Benatar for her 1979 album In the Heat of the Night.

Vice President of Nepal

The vice president of Nepal (Nepali: नेपालका उपराष्ट्रपतिहरू, "Nēpālakā uparāṣṭrapatiharū") is the deputy to the head of state of Nepal. The position was created when the Nepalese monarchy was abolished in May 2008. The current vice-president of Nepal is Ram Sahaya Yadav. The vice president is to be formally addressed as 'His Excellency'. He is currently serving as the 2nd vice President of Nepal.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – long jump

The long jump at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, on 11 August 1934.

In the final, the German Traute Göppner won the event in a new world record with a distance of 43.795 metres, ahead of the German women Hedwig Bauschulte and Czechoslovak Zdena Koubková. She beat her own world record of 43.08 metres.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechoslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the long jump event.

The long jump qualification took place in the morning session on 11 August.
The final took place in the afternoon session on 11 August 1934.
Sources:

Late Ordovician glaciation

The Late Ordovician glaciation happened about 440–460 million years ago. It also called the Hirnantian glaciation. Its centre was the Sahara region in late Ordovician, about 440–460 mya (million years ago). 

It was probably the cause of the Ordovician-Silurian extinction event. Evidence of this glaciation can be seen in places such as Morocco, South Africa, Libya, and Wyoming (which at the time were near together). 

More evidence is got from isotopic data. During the Late Ordovician, tropical ocean temperatures were about 5 °C cooler than present day. This would have been a major cause of the glaciation.

The Late Ordovician had a major mass extinction of nearly 61% of marine life. Estimates of peak ice sheet volume range from 50 to 250 million cubic kilometers, and its duration from 35 million to less than 1 million years. There were also two peaks of glaciation. Glaciation of the Northern Hemisphere was slight because most of the land was in the Southern Hemisphere.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – javelin throw

The javelin throw at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, on 11 August 1934.

In the final, the German Lisa Gelius won the event in a new world record with a distance of 43.795 metres, ahead of the Austrian woman Herma Bauma and German Luise Krüger.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the javelin throw event.

Eileen Crockart was named as the South African athlete in the field events.

The javelin throw qualification took place in the morning session on 11 August.
The final took place in the afternoon session on 11 August 1934.
Sources:

PTC (software company)

PTC Inc. (formerly Parametric Technology Corporation) is an American computer software and services company. It was founded in 1985 and headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. PTC products and services are Internet of things (IoT), augmented reality (AR), and collaboration software.

Ali Haydar (Syrian army officer)

Ali Haydar (; 1932 – 5 August 2022), known as the "father of the Syrian Special Forces", was a Syrian general. He was the commander of the Syrian Special Forces for 26 years. He was seen as an ally of President Hafez al-Assad. 

Adriana Roel

Adriana Roel (5 July 1934 – 4 August 2022) was a Mexican actress. She was known for her role in the Mexican telenovela "Huracán". She also starred in "Viva Maria!", "Autumn Days" and "Chucho el Roto".

Akin Mabogunje

Akinlawon Ladipo "Akin" Mabogunje (18 October 1931 – 4 August 2022) was a Nigerian geographer. He was the first African president of the International Geographical Union. In 1999, he was the first African to be elected as a Foreign Associate of the United States National Academy of Sciences. 

In 2017, he was elected a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He was born in Kano, Nigeria.

Synopsys

Synopsys is an American electronic design automation company. Synopsys was founded by Aart J de Geus and David Gregory in 1986 in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina. Their technology is present in self-driving cars, artificial intelligence, and internet of things consumer products.

Margot Eskens

Margot Eskens (12 August 1939 – 29 July 2022) was a German Schlager singer. She was active in the 1950s and 1960s. She was born in Düren, Germany. In 1955, she became popular with "Ich möchte heut ausgehn". In 1956 and 1957 she had two number 1 hits, "Tiritomba" and "Cindy oh Cindy". In 1966, she represented Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest and won tenth place.

On 29 July 2022, she died at age 82.

Hits that reached the German Top 20



Twilio

Twilio (/ˈtwɪlioʊ/) is an American company based in San Francisco, California. It provides programmable communication tools. Twilio uses Amazon Web Services to host its communication infrastructure via APIs. Their services making and receiving phone calls, sending and receiving text messages, and performing other communication functions using its web service APIs.

Basketball at the 1934 Women's World Games

Basketball at the 1934 Women's World Games was the second appearance of the sport at the Women's World Games.

In the final France beat the United States and became the champion.


The only semi-final was played on 8 August between Poland and France. The referee of the semi-final was from France, leading to protest of the Polish team in such an important game. France beated Poland with 36 versus 20 points. Poland was eventually classified in third place of the Games.
In the final France beated the United States and so becoming World World Games champion. Like in the semi-final, also in this match the referee was from France.

Suzie Zuzek

Suzie Zuzek (1920–2011) was an American artist and textile designer. Her work was mainly seen in Lilly Pulitzer dresses from the 1960s to the 1980s. While Zuzek used a naturalistic color scheme, both bright flowers and soft-toned animals in true hues, Pulitzer printed them in strong, vivid colors. Zuzek was born Agnes Helen Zuzek in 1920 to Yugoslav immigrants. She grew up outside of Buffalo, New York, and served in the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps during World War II. 

Hélène Berr

Hélène Maxime Camille Berr ( – April 1945), commonly referred to as Hélène Berr, was a French-born Jewish woman, who was the author of a diary written from 1942 to 1944. The diary was published as a book for the first time in 2008.

Hélène Berr was born into a Jewish family of Alsatian origin, and was a descendant (maternal great-grandaughter) of the French engineer Maurice Lévy. In her diary, Hélène used quotes from authors such as William Shakespeare and Lewis Carroll. In a diary entry, she wrote that "the war is just a bad dream." In her diary, Hélène writes about her daily life during the occupation, and anti-Semitic allusions, such as being forced to wear the yellow star badge, when outside.

Hélène Berr was born as Hélène Maxime Camille Berr on in the Hôtel-de-Ville arrondissement of Paris, Paris, France. She was the daughter of Raymond Berr, who was a polytechnician in the École polytechnique, a engineer in the Corps des Maines, and a vice-president of the Kuhlmann Establishments (which later merged with Pechiney).

Hélène's plan was to pass the final exam for the Paris-Sorbonne University. But she was rejected from attending the final exam, becuase the German government did not allow Jews to study there, any longer. When this did not work for Hélène Berr, who was 21 years old at the time, she decided to go find a job. She presented herself at the headquarters to the General Union of Israelites of France (UGIF). Hélène volunteered to be a social worker. She was accepted, and got the role as a volunteered social worker on 6 July 1942. Just almost three months earlier, she went to visit Paul Valéry, and on that same day, she began writing her diary. The first entry in her diary is dated 7 April 1942. The diary was published for the first time in 2008 by Tallandier Editions. Patrick Modiano once compared Hélène's style of writing to the writing style of Katherine Mansfield. Hélène Berr also became a secretary for Denise Milhaud at the Temporary Mutual Aid, a clandestine group created in 1941, alongside the Social Service for Aid to Emigrants. Lucie Chevalley served as director of the group.

On the morning hours of 8 March 1944, at dawn, Hélène Berr was arrested with her parents at their house, at 5 Avenue Élisée-Reclus. Following their arrest, they were detained at the Drancy internment camp.
On 27 March 1944, Hélène's 23rd birthday, she and her father and mother left Drancy, on a deportation to Auschwitz.

Faced with the advance of the Soviet Red Army, Hélène left with a convoy of other inmates on a evacuation from Auschwitz, on 31 October 1944, and arrived in their destination in Bergen-Belsen three days later on 3 November. After their arrival, there was a raging typhus epidemic in the camp. Hélène contracted typhus and became ill. Around April 1945, there was a roll-call in the camp, and Hélène was too weak to attend it, so she got beaten to near death by a German officer. She later died as a result of her wounds, in possible addition to typhus. The camp was liberated on 15 April. Mariette Job, Hélène's niece and the publisher and editor of her diary, suggests a death date of 10 April 1945 (five days before the camp was liberated), but does not specify why he suggests this.

There is a media library that is named after Hélène Berr, in the Reuilly arrondissement of Paris, Paris, France, as well as a reading hall in the Paris-Sorbonne University (the university Hélène Berr attended) named after her.

In the ruins of a 18th century castle named Château de Vivier in Yvelines, France, there is a commemorative plague that is made in the memory of the young diarist was placed near the entrance to the castle. The commemorative plague was made in 2016.

There is a plague on 5 Avenue Élisée-Reclus (the house where Hélène and her family lived and were arrested on 8 March 1944) made in Hélène Berr's memory.

The first entry in Hélène's diary is dated 7 April 1942, the same day she went to visit Paul Valéry. The last entry of her diary is dated 15 February 1944 and is written in the Palais-Bourbon arrondissement of Paris, with the last line in her diary being: "Horror, Horror, Horror!", a line from William Shakespeare's play "Macbeth". Macduff similarly writes, "O horror, horror, horror!" But this line is also the strong reminiscent of "The horror! The horror!", as said by Kurtz, a fictional character in the last line of the novel "Heart of Darkness" as written by Joseph Conrad (This quote is one of the many quotes Hélène Berr used in her diary). Most of the quotes Hélène Berr used in her diary, are those of the English romantic poet John Keats, whose work she studied.

The diary consists of 262 loose sheets. Hélène wrote in fine handwriting using both blue or black ink and pencil in the sheets.
As the pages in her diary go by, Hélène's handwriting can get very hasty. Mariette Job, Hélène's niece, published and edited her diary. He was also a former bookseller. Once he began reading it, he realized that he was reading a text written by his niece (because of stuff circulating in her family, that she mentioned). The original copy of Hélène's diary was given to Jean Morawiecki, Hélène's fiance, and was in his hands, as she wished when she was still alive. He became a diplomat after the war ended. He also appointed Mariette Job as legatee of the diary. 
The original manuscript of the diary was deposited in 2002 at the Shoah Memorial. It was first published in January 2008 by Tallandier Editions, with a preface by a novelist named Patrick Modiano. It was republished in pocket format by Points Editions in May 2009. (It is also available for reading in "school edition").

Bhutan national futsal team

The Bhutan national futsal team represents Bhutan in international futsal competitions and a yet to win a game. They are yet to qualify for the FIFA Futsal World Cup.

Czech handball at the 1934 Women's World Games

The Czech handball competitions at the 1934 Women's World Games in London was the second appearance of the sport at the Women's World Games. The "traditional" three czech handball teams entered for the tournament: Yugoslavia, Czechoslovakia and Poland.

The final of the Czech handball tournament took place on 11 August in London. Yugoslavia won the final of Czechoslovakia described as a "sensational" victory and so became Women's World Games champion.

Sue Bird

Sue Bird is a retired WNBA basketball player who played for the Seattle Storm. She is a four time WNBA champion.

Ornate chorus frog

The ornate chorus frog, ornate tree frog, ornate land frog, smooth chorus frog, western chorus frog, or ornate winter frog ("Pseudacris ornata") is a frog. It lives in the southeastern United States, on the Atlantic coastal plain. It lives as far north as North Carolina and as far south as Florida and Louisiana.

Irena Jaznicka-Kamecka

Irena Jaznicka-Kamecka (7 December 1915 – 12 February 1968) was a Polish female basketball player. She was a member of Polonia Warsaw and the Poland women's national basketball team.

She competed with the national team in the 1934 Women's World Games basketball tournament, but didn't reached the final and where classified third. With the national team she won four years later the bronze medal at EuroBasket Women 1938 in Rome, the first official women's basketball championships. She also competed at EuroBasket Women 1950. She retired in 1954.

Her sister Maria Kamecka was also an international basketball player. She married to basketball player Henryk Jaźnicki.

Laramide orogeny

The Laramide orogeny was a time of mountain building in western North America. It started in the Upper Cretaceous, 70 to 80 million years ago. It ended 35 to 55 million years ago. 

The Laramide orogeny occurred in a series of pulses, with quiet phases in between. The main feature was a deep-seated orogeny, from Canada to northern Mexico. The easternmost mountain-building is the Black Hills of South Dakota. 

When Pangaea broke up, the Americas moved West. The buckling effect of this was the Andes and the Rockies. They over-rode existing continental plates and buckled up to produce the mountain ranges on the west of the Americas.

The Wild Wild West

The Wild Wild West is an American Western, espionage and science fiction television series created by Michael Garrison. It aired on the television network CBS for four seasons from September 17, 1965, to April 11, 1969.

The show is about two Secret Service agents James West (Robert Conrad) and Artemus Gordon (Ross Martin) working together to protect U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant. 

Two satirical comedy television movie sequels were made with the original cast in 1979 and 1980. An adaption of the show, "Wild Wild West", was released in 1999.

Helena Gruszczynska

Helena Gruszczynska was a Polish female basketball player and Czech handball player. She was a member of the Poland women's national basketball team and Poland women's national Czech handball team.

She competed with the national basketball team in the 1934 Women's World Games basketball tournament, where they didn't reached the final and where classified third. With the national team she won four years later the bronze medal at EuroBasket Women 1938 in Rome, the first official women's basketball championships.

With the national Czech Handball team she also competed at the 1934 Women's World Games Czech handball tournament. Ahead of the main tournament in London, they lost the qualifier match in Zagreb and were excluded from further competition.

Zdzislawa Wiszniewska-Bednarek

Zdzislawa Wiszniewska-Bednarek was a Polish female basketball player and Czech handball player. She was a member of SSA Warsaw, the Poland women's national basketball team and the Poland women's national Czech handball team playing as an halfback.

She competed with the national basketball team in the 1934 Women's World Games basketball tournament, where they didn't reached the final and where classified third. She represented Italy three years later at the 1937 International University Games. With the national team she won the bronze medal at EuroBasket Women 1938 in Rome, the first official women's basketball championships.

With the national Czech Handball team she also competed at the World Games in the 1934 Women's World Games Czech handball tournament. Ahead of the main tournament in London, they lost the qualifier match in Zagreb against France and were excluded from further competition.

Christiane Moreau

Christiane Moreau (1906 - 2000) was a French female basketball player and resistance fighter from Nantes. She was a member of the earliest France women's national basketball team.

With the national team, she competed at the EuroBasket Women 1938, the first official European championships, finishing in fourth position.

During World War II was resistance fighter. Moreau was arrested and deported to Ravensbrück. She had to work in an arms factory.

Moreau was one of the founding members women's section within the SNUC (Nantais university club stadium) bringing together five disciplines: basketball, volleyball, handball and swimming. The handball team became French national champion in 1961 and participated at the first European Cup for clubs.

In 2022 a main sports complex in Nantes was named after her.

A women named "Moreau" with first name unknown competed at the 1930 European Women's Basketball Championship, the first unofficial European Basketball champion. With this result they qualified for the Basketball at the 1930 Women's World Games final in Prague where this same Moreau competed. They lost the final to the Canadian team with 18-14.

Zofia Filipiak-Wozniakiewicz

Zofia Filipiak-Wozniakiewicz (died 1 May 2005) was a Polish female basketball player and Czech handball player. She was a member of the Poland women's national basketball team and Poland women's national Czech handball team.

She competed with the national basketball team in the 1934 Women's World Games basketball tournament, where they didn't reached the final and where classified third. With the national team she won four years later the bronze medal at EuroBasket Women 1938 in Rome, the first official women's basketball championships.

With the national Czech Handball team she also competed at the 1934 Women's World Games Czech handball tournament. Ahead of the main tournament in London, they lost the qualifier match in Zagreb and were excluded from further competition.

Filipiak married to boxer . She died on 1 May 2005 in Łódź. She is buried in a Roman Catholic cemetery at .

Nipmuc

The Nipmuc or Nipmuck people are Native Americans originally from present-day Massachusetts and parts of Connecticut and Rhode Island. They are from the Northeastern Woodlands culture. Their language is in the Eastern Algonquian language family. They did hunting, fishing and farming (mostly corn). They moved for different seasons. Family groups lived in villages. They were led by chiefs. These villages were often not allied with other Nipmuc villages. Villages allied with stronger neighbors like the Mohegan or Massachuset. Many Natives died from European diseases. Nipmuc supported Metacomet in King Philip's War. Many were forced to stay in Boston Harbor. Others were killed or forced into slavery. The Puritan missionary John Eliot converted Natives and created praying towns. The state of Massachusetts recognizes the Nipmuc people. 

Hei elei, kuck elei

Hei elei, kuck elei (English: Here they are, look at them) was the title of a television show in the Luxembourgish language (the first ever), which was broadcast between the 21st September 1969 and the 21st October 1991 on Sunday afternoons between 1:00 p.m. and 1:45 p.m. (later until 3:00 p.m.) on the frequency of "Télé Luxembourg" (in the end it was also broadcast by "RTLplus".

It was produced by CLT. The editor-in-chief and main moderator was Jean Octave, and in later broadcasts, Lucien Michels also (co-)moderated various broadcasts. The program usually consisted of a weekly review, and occasional reports, debates, music or theater performances, etc.

The initiator of this magazine was the former general director of the CLT, Gust Graas . It was also he who suggested the name "Hei elei, kuck elei".

In the 1980s, RTL-Hei also produced and showed four fiction films: "Die zwem vm Bierg" (in 6 episodes), "E Fall fir" sech, "E" Lieve laang and "De falschen Hond".

"Hei elei kuck elei" was established in October 1991 to be replaced by a daily broadcast in Luxembourgish, "RTL-Hei elei" (which was to be renamed "RTL Télé" Lützeburg in September 1995).

The name is a verse from the operetta "D'Mumm Séis" by Edmond de la Fontaine.

It is probably the most famous Luxembourgish phrase in the Netherlands. This comes from the fact that, when RTL launched a television program in Dutch ("RTL Veronique", today's "RTL4"), this program had to be officially "Luxembourgish", because it did not have a Dutch license and was only allowed to be broadcast as a "foreign" program Cable networks are included. Therefore, around midnight, when the program was over, or early in the morning, before it started, "Hei elei, kuck elei" was broadcast. Especially among young people, it had a certain cult status to watch "Hei elei" before (or after) going out and enjoying the successful program.

Since September 2012, RTL Télé Luxembourg has been showing a rebroadcast of "Hei elei" from Sunday 30 years ago every Sunday.


Michael Schoeffling

Michael Earl Schoeffling (December 10, 1960 – August 4, 2022) was an American actor and model. He was known for playing the role of Jake Ryan in "Sixteen Candles", Al Carver in "Wild Hearts Can't Be Broken", Kuch in "Vision Quest", and Joe in "Mermaids".

Narragansett people

The Narragansett people are a Native American tribe from present-day Rhode Island. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands cultures. Their language is part of the Algonquian language group. There were eight groups. Each group had a chief (sachem). They had subsistence farming. They farmed corn, did fishing and hunting. The Narragansett was an important tribe in New England. Narragansett did not die from European diseases. The English Puritan Roger Williams got land from the Narragansett. He created Providence Plantations. The Narragansett allied with the New England colonists during the Pequot War. They fought against colonists during King Philips War (1675-1676). Ninigret was the chief of Narragansett during King Philip's War. Many Narragansetts were killed. Many remaining Narragansett settled in Canada and New York. In "Carcieri v. Salazar", the Supreme Court did not give the Natives any land in Rhode Island. Today, the US government recognizes the people as the Narragansett Indian Tribe.

Nancy Milford

Nancy Lee Milford (née Winston; March 26, 1938 – March 29, 2022) was an American biographer, who was noted for her biographies on Zelda Fitzgerald and Edna St. Vincent Millay. She died on March 29, 2022, three days after her 84th birthday.

Ninigret

Ninigret (1610-1677) was the chief (sachem) of the eastern Niantic people. Ninigret grew up in the home of a chief. His education included common practices like learning how to hunt and be a warrior. He also did a vision quest. He learned how to become a chief. In the Pequot War, he allied with colonists and the Narragansetts. They fought against the Pequot. Ninigret helped keep the Niantic people out of King Philip's War. Ninigret wanted to protect Native peoples and wanted that they keep their independence. He created allies with the distant Mohawks and Pocumtucks to slow down English colonists. Ninigret was important in balancing powers in New England. Colonists often accused Ninigret of plotting against colonists. Ninigret's symbol was the war club. Ninigret signed many documents with English colonists. He would use this symbol as his signature.

Sachem

Sachem and sagamores are terms for North American Indian chiefs. It is particularly used in Algonquian-speaking tribes of the Northeastern Woodlands. The sachem was the highest level of chiefs. The sagamore was a lower-ranking chief. Examples of sachems include Massasoit, Metacom, Uncas and Daniel Nimham. Little Turtle is an example of a sagamore. 

Vision quest

A vision quest was a spiritual experience in Native American religion and cultures. Typically young Native boys would do this quest. The quest included connecting with a guardian spirit. This spirit would provide wisdom, protection or advice. Young men went to remote locations and fasted. The locations were usually sacred places. Elders prepared the young person for the quest. Practices were different with different tribes. The young person would asks spirits to guide them. Spirits may tell them their role in the community or purpose in life. Visions could include symbols of animals. The vision quest was often a way of becoming an adult. Vision quests are notable in the Plains region and connected to Sun Dances. 


Florence Humble

Florence Humble was a Canadian swimmer who competed internationally in freestyle events in the 1930s. 

At the 1934 British Empire Games in London, she won a gold medal with the Canadian team in the 4×100-yard relay competition. She was also a member of the Canadian team at the 1938 British Empire Games in Sydney. 

United States District Court for the Northern District of New York

The United States District Court for the Northern District of New York (N.D.N.Y.) is one of the 94 judicial districts in the United States and one of the four districts in New York. The U.S. Attorney for the district has been Carla B. Freedman since October 8, 2021.

The includes counties of Albany, Broome, Cayuga, Chenango, Clinton, Columbia, Cortland, Delaware, Essex, Franklin, Fulton, Greene, Hamilton, Herkimer, Jefferson, Lewis, Madison, Montgomery, Oneida, Onondaga, Oswego, Otsego, Rensselaer, Saratoga, Schenectady, Schoharie, St. Lawrence, Tioga, Tompkins, Ulster, Warren, and Washington.

The N.D.N.Y. has offices in Albany, Binghamton, Plattsburgh, Syracuse, Utica, and Watertown.


Margaret Hutton

Margaret Hutton was a Canadian swimmer who competed internationally in freestyle events in the 1930s. She was a member of Border City SC.

At the 1934 British Empire Games in London, she won a gold medal with the Canadian team in the 4×100-yard relay competition and another gold medal in the 3×110 yard medley relay.

She won the ASA women’s 440 yard freestyle in 1939.

During the late 1940s and early 1950s she trained Kelowna swimmers in the summer period, while living in California, United States. 

In 1999 she was induced in the Ontario Aquatic Hall of Fame Inductees, as a swimming pioneer.

Senator Winslow

Senator Winslow might mean:


Big Energy

"Big Energy" is a song recorded by American rapper Latto. It was released on September 24, 2021, as a single from her album "777" (2022). It samples American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey's 1995 single "Fantasy", which samples the Tom Tom Club song "Genius of Love" (1981). The song topped "Billboard"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Mainstream Top 40/Pop Songs radio chart.

A remix featuring Carey and DJ Khaled was released on March 28, 2022, and helped the song reach number three on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

Nauset

The Nauset people or Cape Cod Indians were a Native American tribe of Cape Cod, Massachusetts. They were part of the Northeastern Woodlands Culture. Their language was part of the Algonquian language family. Their neighbors were the Wampanoag. Natives ate seafood and the Three Sisters (corn, squash and beans). This was one of the first tribes that European colonists visited. The Pilgrim's "Mayflower" ship made contact with the Nauset people. The Nauset often allied with colonists. Many also became Christians. They intermarried with other tribes. The tribe no longer exists today. The Nauset Archaeological District is a Naitonal Historic Landmark. Samuel de Champlain created a map. In it, he described the Nauset Natives in the Nauset harbor.

Napoleon and Samantha

Napoleon and Samantha is a 1972 American adventure drama movie directed by Bernard McEveety and starring Michael Douglas, Jodie Foster, Johnny Whitaker, Will Geer, Arch Johnson, Rex Holman, Ellen Corby, John Lupton. It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1973.


Agni Prasad Sapkota

Agni Prasad Sapkota (Nepali: अग्नि प्रसाद सापकोटा; born 7 March 1958) is a Nepalese politician. He is the current speaker of the House of Representatives.

Main Course

Main Course is the 13th studio album by the English band Bee Gees. It was released on June 1975 and went to number 1 in Canada.

Philippine Collective Media Corporation

Philippine Collective Media Corporation (PCMC: officially known in their documents as Philippine Collective Media Corporation) is a Philippine television and radio broadcasting company. The headquarters of the company is in Makati. It has offices in the Fairview area of Quezon City and in Tacloban. It owns a many radio stations under the FMR (Favorite Music Radio) network as well as its own television station in Tacloban.

Bitcoin Classic

Bitcoin Classic is a cryptocurrency that is a fork of Bitcoin. In its first 8 months, Bitcoin Classic promoted a single increase of the maximum block size from one megabyte to two megabytes. In November 2016 this changed and the project moved to a solution that moved the limit out of the software rules into the hands of the miners and nodes.

Paximathia

Paximathia, or Paximadia (; singular: paximathi/paximadi), are hard breads of Greek origin. They are made from wheat, chickpea, or barley-flour. Paximathia are seen as similar to biscotti or type of biscotti. They are sold in many Greek bakeries and are a common food in Greece often served as breakfast with marmalade or cheese. Paximathia are also supplied in Greek stores in many parts of the United States.

The name "paximathia" comes from the Greek word "paximadion" (παξιμάδιον), which comes from a 1st-century Greek named Paxamus who wrote a cookbook. The word first appears in a recipe for laxative biscuits written by the Greek doctor Galen.

Paximathia were eaten by Greek farmers, the Byzantine army, and priests. Greek farmers would eat paximathia in their fields after softening them by soaking them in water and olive oil. They sometimes ate them with other foods like homemade cheese and a few olives. Paximathia used to be baked outdoors in ovens around every ten to fifteen days, after which the bread would be sliced into thick wedges and put back into the ovens to dry. They were an important food for the people of Crete.

Paximathia are made with wheat, chickpea, or barley-flour. Other ingredients used may include eggs, vegetable oil, cinnamon, cloves, and orange zest. Today, paximathia are usually baked overnight in ovens that have been turned off, whereby the bread is cooked from the remaining heat. This method cooks the bread to a dry state without creating brittleness that can cause crumbling. Paximathia is sometimes broken into pieces and served in salads after being moistened.

Paximathia are in "dakos", which is a Greek salad made on the island of Crete. In Crete, a type of paximathi called a "koulouri" is ring-shaped and served dried with olive oil, oregano and grated tomato. "Eptazymo" is another type of paximathi made with chickpeas.



Viva Maria!

Viva Maria! is a 1965 French Italian adventure comedy movie directed by Louis Malle and starring George Hamilton, Jeanne Moreau, Brigitte Bardot, Adriana Roel, Claudio Brook, Paulette Dubost, Gregor von Rezzori. It was distributed by United Artists.


Placenta cake

Placenta cake is a dessert from ancient Greece and Rome made of many layers of dough, mixed with cheese and honey, flavored with bay leaves, baked and then covered in honey. It is mentioned in the Greek poems of Archestratos and Antiphanes, as well as in the "De Agri Cultura" of Cato the Elder.

The Latin word "placenta" comes from the Greek word "plakous" used for thin or layered breads. The word "plakous" comes from the Greek word "plakoeis" () meaning "flat". 

The placenta cake first appears as "plakous" () in the ancient Greek poems of Archestratos who describes it as a dessert served with nuts and dried fruits. Antiphanes in 4th century BC describes "plakous" as a dessert made with wheat flour and goat's cheese.

In 160 BC, Cato the Elder wrote a recipe for "placenta" in his "De Agri Cultura" following the Greek recipe for "plakous". Cato possibly copied the recipe from a Greek cookbook.

The Byzantine descendants of "plakous" are the "plakountas tetyromenous" ("cheesy placenta") and the "koptoplakous" (Byzantine Greek: κοπτοπλακοῦς) both of which are the ancestors of modern foods like tiropita, börek, banitsa, and baklava. The name "placenta" () is used today on the Greek island of Lesbos to describe a dessert made with thin layers of pastry and crushed nuts that is baked and then covered in honey. The Greek dessert was adopted into Armenian food as "plagindi," "plagunda," and "pghagund" all meaning "cakes of bread and honey."



Fire Chief (movie)

Fire Chief is a 1940 Disney cartoon. It stars Donald Duck and his nephews Huey, Dewey, and Louie.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".


Prebbleton

Prebbleton is a small town in the Selwyn District in New Zealand. It is one of earliest settlements on the Canterbury Plains. It is 11km south west of Christchurch and 2km south of Hornby, New Zealand. It was named after the Prebble brothers from Kent, England.

Savage (Eurythmics album)

Savage is the sixth studio album by English new wave band Eurythmics and was released on 9 November, 1987. It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom and in New Zealand.

Mayor of Kathmandu

The mayor of Kathmandu is the head of the municipal executive of Kathmandu Metropolitan City. The officeholder is elected for a five-year term. He or she is limited to serving no more than two terms. The role was first created in 1932 during the Rana regime.

Balendra Shah was elected mayor in the 2022 election. He took office on 30 May 2022.

The city of Kathmandu is scrutinized by the Kathmandu Metropolitan City Municipal Assembly. The mayor is supported by the Municipal Executive with ward chairs of all 32 wards of Kathmandu.


In the Heat of the Night (Pat Benatar album)

In the Heat of the Night is the debut album by Pat Benatar and was released on 27 August, 1979 through Chrysalis Records. It went to number 12 in the United States and number 3 in Canada.

Nickelodeon Digital

Nickelodeon Digital, often shortened to Nick Digital and originally known as Nickelodeon Creative Labs, is an American animation studio based in New York City.




Awesomeness (company)

Awesomeness (an abbreviation of it’s full name AwesomenessTV) is a Los Angeles-based film and television studio owned by Paramount Digital Studios, a division of Paramount Global.

NaN

In computing, NaN stands for Not a Number. It means the result of input is or unrepresentable. For example, division by zero in most Programming language returns NaN. Systematic use of NaN was introduced by the IEEE 754 in 1985, along with the other numbers such as infinities.

In JavaScript, or returns . using also returns . You can use or to check if a value is NaN. there is difference between two functions. the returns when the value is NaN when parsed to int. but returns when the value is currently NaN.

For example:

Saved by Zero

"Saved by Zero" is a song by English new wave band the Fixx and is the lead single from their album Reach the Beach. It went to number 20 in the United States.

Pei Haozheng

Pei Haozheng (Chinese: 裴浩正; Pinyin: "Péi Hào Zhèng"; born Nanjing, Jiangsu in 1996), also known as Hotz Pei, is a Chinese origami artist, TV program designer, and the holder of two Guinness World Records. He received his master's degree from the Nanyang Technological University (NTU) in Singapore in 2021.

Pei has designed several origami-themed TV projects and hundreds of lifelike models, promoting the origami art form to a growing audience. His work has a positive nouveau influence on modern origami art because of its cultural value and humanitarian ideal. For instance, his "Zijin Grass" is known to over 100 million people as the "flower of peace" in remembrance of victims.

Pei has been a judge or guest on the programs "Super Brain", "Forward to the Future", "Voice", "Day Day Up", and "Power of Youth". His artwork has received many awards such as “China Outstanding Cultural, Social, and Educational Case”, etc., and is collected by many museums, including the Guinness World Records Museum, etc.

Pei started folding paper when he was in kindergarten. At first, he learned origami from teachers and parents, and later he copied the patterns from books. In early 2007, he came across a crease pattern designed by Robert J. Lang, an origami master from the United States. It was mind-blowing for him, and it opened for him a new world of ideas for the art. 

He continued to learn origami through theory books, such as "Origami Design Secrets" by Mr. Lang. As the quantity of his work grew, so did its variety and quality. During his middle school education, Pei created several unique designs, including a 60-centimeter-tall work featuring an angel with six wings folded from a 2-meter-long square sheet of paper. It took him numerous attempts to get everything right.

In 2016, Pei won a bronze prize at the International Origami Internet Olympiad (IOIO). The next year, he became the champion of the competition. For the event's final task, he folded an ancient Chinese woman holding a mirror from a sheet of handmade xuanzhi (rice paper), which impressed judges with its exquisite shape and Eastern style. In 2018, he was invited to be the event's task designer. His work "Bailuyuan" was selected as the edition's mascot, which attracted the attention of contestants from 54 countries and regions. 

In 2019, Pei attended the Zijin Grass International Peace Summer School and taught origami to several international peace envoys. In June of that year, he devoted to the "Micro Light Program" jointly initiated by Amity Foundation and Ergeng Public Welfare, which has enlightened more than 50,000 students.

In 2021, Pei participated in an exhibition — "The Praise of Youth · Centennial of the Original Mind" in Beijing, China, which attracted over 72,500 visitors. 

In April 2022, to celebrate the 103rd anniversary of the May Fourth Movement, Pei released a tutorial on how to fold a newspaper into a flower, named "The Flower in May" representing the country’s young generation. On 9 September of that year, he set a Guinness World Record for the most origami flowers made from a single sheet of paper. A team of four led by him spent five days folding an origami deer with 100 twisty roses on its antlers from a 3-meter-long square sheet of paper. In November, he was awarded the honorary title of "Boao Youth Leader" by a former Chinese foreign minister at the Boao Youth Development Conference.

In March 2023, Pei set his second Guinness World Record for the largest origami snail. He then gave a lecture, "The Mark of Origami", at MSL of Tianjin University. In May, he took part in the activity of "National Science and Technology Workers Day" at Beijing Institute of Fashion Technology. In June, as a special guest of the Lenovo Beijing Future Center, he gave a lecture, "A Glimpse of Science and Art with a Piece of Paper". In July, he attended Youyang Poetry Festival in Chongqing with many famous artists, scientists, and cultural relics experts.

In 2017 and 2018, Pei was invited to the Chinese version of "Super Brain", a competitive reality show on Jiangsu Satellite TV. The show gave him an opportunity to meet Mr. Lang, both as judges for the show. Pei made 20 models for display there and received the praise of Mr. Lang for his repertoire of techniques.

In late 2018, Pei took up the challenge of creating a solar panel in origami style at "Forward to the Future", a science show on China Central Television. He successfully built the panel that folds up to 1 square meter, which when unfolded becomes a structure of 81 square meters.

In 2020, Pei participated in 10 episodes of "Power of Youth", a competitive reality show on Anhui Satellite TV. He successfully went through all the challenges about ancient and modern civilization and won the most "power medals" as well as a scientific research fund.

In 2021, on behalf of Chinese youth, Pei was invited to express his ideas at "Voice", the first open class for youth on China Central Television. He gave an "Ice Cube" Voronoi tessellation model to Zheng Fang, the architect of several Olympic stadiums in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games and the 2022 Winter Olympic Games.

In 2022, Pei was invited to deliver a speech titled "5 Minutes to Change the Future" at "Day Day Up" on Hunan Satellite TV, bringing a new perspective to the audience.




John Taylor (oculist)

Chevalier John Taylor ( 1770 or 1772) was a British eye surgeon and a charlatan (a person who does fake medical practice). He did surgery on Johann Sebastian Bach.

Taylor was born in Norwich. His father was a surgeon. He learned surgery at St Thomas' Hospital, London with William Cheselden.

In 1727, he published his book, "An Account of the Mechanism of the Eye". He travelled around as a surgeon and oculist (an eye doctor). He started travelling Europe in 1734. He got academic degrees from Basel, Reims, Liège and Cologne. However, these are probably only honorary degrees. He became the Royal Oculist to King George II in 1736.

He arrived at Leipzig on 27 March 1750. On 1 April, he did surgery on Johann Sebastian Bach. Bach had eye problems in his old age. The problems were probably myopia and cataract. The newspapers at the time said that the first surgery was successful. However, Bach's cataract appeared again after around a week. Taylor did surgery again on him. Bach went blind after the second surgery. The blindness could have been caused by Taylor's surgery. Bach died on 28 July 1750.

After Taylor did surgery on Bach, he went to Berlin. He was told to leave on 23 April because of his failed surgeries. It is not known exactly where and when he died. Charles Burney said that he died in 1770 in Rome. Others say he died in Paris. London newspapers and his grandson said that he died in Prague in 1772.

Taylor pretended to be a nobleman. He started using the title "chevalier" in 1750, even though he was not a knight. He was eventually made a nobility by Pope Benedict XIV in 1755.

Lau Pa Sat

Lau Pa Sat (), also known as Telok Ayer Market (; ), is a historic building in Singapore. At first, it was located near the waterfront, where it was built as a fish market, in 1824. It was later rebuilt at a different location, again to serve as a market. It currently is a food court. 

Sabin Limbu

Padam Hang Thamsunhang also known as Sabin Limbu is a Nepali singer, musician and composer.
He was born in Jhapa, Nepal. He started his musical career in 2009.



Little grass frog

The little grass frog, tree frog, least tree frog, black-spotted tree frog, or little chorus frog ("Pseudacris ocularis") is a frog. It lives in the southeastern United States. It lives as far north as Virginia and far south as Florida.

The adult frog is long from nose to rear end. It is very small. There is some webbed skin on each foot. The toes have disks on them for climbing. This frog has a stripe on each side of its body, going over each eye.

Gentlemen's club

A gentlemen's club is a private social club. These clubs were started in England in the 18th century. They were originally reserved to the British upper class. At the start, they were only for men, women were not allowed. They were all originally gambling clubs. The first clubs (such as White's, Brooks's and Boodle's) had members from the aristocracys. A main activity was gambling, especially gambling at cards. which was illegal outside of members-only establishments. However, there were clubs with other activities.

Countries outside Britain also have such clubs. In many cases, they were associated with the British Empire: There are important ones in India, Pakistan and Bangladesh. They can also be found in many of the bigger American cities. 

Gentlemen's clubs were made so that their members could spend time there, instead of being at home. Such a club typically contains a formal dining room, a bar, a library, a billiards room and one or more rooms for reading, gaming or socializing. Many clubs also have guest rooms and fitness amenities. Some are associated mainly with sports and regularly hold other events such as formal dining.


The Lion King: The Gift

The Lion King: The Gift (sometimes shortened to The Gift) is a soundtrack album by American singer Beyoncé for the 2019 live action remake of "The Lion King" and for "Black Is King" (2020). It was released on July 19, 2019, by Parkwood Entertainment and Columbia Records. The album was also produced by Beyoncé and features African artists such as Wizkid, Shatta Wale, Burna Boy, Mr Eazi, Tiwa Savage, Tekno, Yemi Alade, Busiswa, Moonchild Sanelly and Salatiel, as well as appearances from Jay-Z, Blue Ivy Carter, Childish Gambino, Pharrell Williams, Kendrick Lamar, Tierra Whack, 070 Shake, and Jessie Reyez, among others.

"The Lion King: The Gift" received generally favorable reviews from music critics, many who liked the combination of Afrobeats, hip hop and R&B musical genres.

On July 31, 2020, with the release of "Black is King", Beyoncé released a deluxe edition of the album. The album includes all the tracks that were in the film as well as three new tracks. This includes the standard and extended versions of "Black Parade", which was released on June 19; the extended version of the song was only available on Tidal up until the album's release. The other track included is a remix of "Find Your Way Back" by MeLo-X.

Credits adapted from Beyoncé's website. All tracks were produced by Beyoncé and Derek Dixie, except where noted.

Notes


Treaty of Greenville

The Treaty of Greenville or Treaty with the Wyandots, etc. (1795) was a treaty between the Natives people of the Northwest Territory and United States. The treaty was after the Northwest Indian Wars. Tribes that signed the treaty included Wyandot, Delaware, Shawnee, Ottawa, Chippewa, Potawatomi, Miami, Eel River, Wea, Piankeshaw, Kickapoo, and Kaskaskia. The treaty created new boundaries for American Indian territories. The treaty was signed after the Battle of Fallen Timbers. Native territory was limited to northwestern Ohio. The Natives in the treaty were called the Western Confederacy.

General Anthony Wayne was in charge of the treaty. Other Americans included William Wells, William Henry Harrison, William Clark, Caleb Swan, and Meriwether Lewis.

Native leaders and signers included Wyandot (chiefs Tarhe, Roundhead, and Leatherlips), Delaware (several bands). Shawnee (chiefs Blue Jacket and Black Hoof), Ottawa (several bands, including Egushawa), Chippewa, Potawatomi (23 signatories, including Gomo, Siggenauk, Black Partridge, Topinabee, and Five Medals), Miami (including Jean Baptiste Richardville, White Loon, and Little Turtle), Wea, Kickapoo, and Kaskaskia.

President George Washington signed the treaty and the United States Senate confirmed it. 

The treaty created the Greenville Treaty Line. Natives had to give up all the land south and east of the line. Natives had to give up their land and the US government gave money and supplies to Natives each year. This supply had a value of $20,000. The treaty line followed rivers in Ohio and Indiana. 

Natives had to leave forts that were along the Great Lakes. Native gave over important places like Fort Wayne, Indiana; Lafayette, Indiana; Chicago; Peoria, Illinois; and Toledo, Ohio.

Charles Michel de Langlade

Charles Michel Mouet de Langlade (9 May 1729 – after 26 July 1801) was a fur trader and war chief in the Great Lakes. His mother was Ottawa and his father was French Canadian. He was fluent in Ottawa and French. At different times, he was allied with the French, British and Americans. He is famous for leading a raid against the village Pickawillany. He destroyed the Miami town. He defended Fort Duquesne (Pittsburgh) against the British during the French and Indian War. After the French lost, he allied with the British. He led Natives against Americans colonies during the American Revolution. He is known as the "father of Wisconsin".

Archduchess Marie Valerie of Austria

Archduchess Marie Valerie Mathilde Amalie of Austria (22 April 1868 – 6 September 1924) was the youngest child of Emperor Franz Josef I of Austria and Empress Elisabeth.
Marie Valerie was born on 22 April 1868 as the youngest daughter of Emperor Franz Josef I and Elisabeth of Bavaria. She was nicknamed “the Hungarian child”.

ADC Airdisco

The ADC Airdisco is a British V-8 airplane engine that was first used in 1925.


Petrobius artemisiae

Petrobius artemisiae is a species of jumping bristletail. It is in the family Machilidae.

The Verve Pipe (album)

The Verve Pipe is the third studio album by The Verve Pipe. The album was released on July 27, 1999.

You're Only Human (Second Wind)

"You're Only Human (Second Wind)" is a 1985 song by Billy Joel and is taken from the album "Greatest Hits - Volume I & Volume II". It was a top ten hit in the United States and Australia. It deals with depression and suicide.

Two for the Seesaw

Two for the Seesaw is a 1962 American romantic drama movie directed by Robert Wise and was based on the 1958 play of the same name. It stars Robert Mitchum, Shirley MacLaine, Edmon Ryan, Elisabeth Fraser, Eddie Firestone and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1963.


Pickawillany

Pickawillany (also spelled Pickawillamy, Pickawillani, or Picqualinni) was a Miami Indian Village in the 18th century. It was along the Great Miami River in the Ohio Valley. An English trading site was close to the village. Both British and French wanted the land in the Ohio Country. The Miami people stopped relations with French fur traders. The Miami Chief La Demoiselle sided with the British. Céloron de Blainville visited the town to convince La Demoiselle to be allies with the French. Pickawillany became one of the largest Native American communities east of the Mississippi River. The French raided the town several times. The French fur trader Charles Langlade led Native tribes against Pickawillany in 1752 and destroyed the town. 

Trick or Treat (1952 movie)

Trick or Treat is a 1952 animated short movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures.


Judith Durham

Judith Durham (born Judith Mavis Cock; 3 July 1943 – 5 August 2022) was an Australian singer, songwriter and musician. She became the lead singer of the Australian popular folk music group the Seekers in 1963. With the group, she performed songs such as "Georgy Girl", "I'll Never Find Another You", "The Carnival Is Over" and "A World of Our Own". In 1967, the Seekers were named Australians of the Year, the only group to be awarded this honour. Durham left the group in 1968. In 2015, she was named Victorian of the Year for services to music.

Durham was born in Essendon, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. In 1969, she married British pianist Ron Edgeworth in Melbourne. Edgeworth died in 1994.

Durham died of bronchiectasis on 5 August 2022 in Prahan, Melbourne. She was 79.


Ottawa (disambiguation)






Egushawa

Egushawa (c. 1726 – March 1796), also spelled Egouch-e-ouay, Agushaway, Agashawa, Gushgushagwa, Negushwa was a Native American war chief of the Ottawa tribe. His name means "The Gatherer" or "Brings Together". He was the chief after Pontiac. He supported the British during the American Revolution. He was against the Treaty of Paris that gave Native lands to Americans. He was a very important leader during the Northwest Indian War. He was in battles like St. Claire's defeat and the Battle of Fallen Timbers. He got a serious injury at the Battle of Fallen Timbers. He signed the Treaty of Greenville with other Native leaders.

Central Bank of Argentina

The Central Bank of the Argentine Republic () is the governing body of the financial system of the Argentine Republic, in charge of the country's monetary policy.

The Organic Charter that governs the Central Bank of the Argentine Republic (Law 24,144) defines in its article 1 the central bank as an autarchic entity of the national State.

In article 3, it lists the objectives of this Institution: "The bank's purpose is to promote, to the extent of its powers and within the framework of the policies established by the national government, monetary stability, financial stability, employment and economic development with social equity.”

Monetary stability is the primary objective of the Central Bank of the Argentine Republic. The central focus of this Institution is to strengthen the Argentine peso, achieving inflation in line with its objectives established in the Monetary Plan. In turn, financial stability will be the way through which the Central Bank of the Argentine Republic will be able to contribute to the ultimate goal of its mission: economic development with social equity.

One Thing Leads to Another

"One Thing Leads to Another" is a 1983 single by English new wave band the Fixx and taken from their album Reach the Beach. It is their best known song where it went to number 4 in the United States and topped the charts in Canada.

Fritillaria pallidiflora

The Pale-flowered Lily, Turanian fritillary or the Uyghür Aigul "(Fritillaria pallidiflora)" is an Asian species of bulbous flowering plant in the lily family Liliaceae, native to East Turkestan, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan. 

The Latin specific epithet "pallidiflora" means “pale flowered”. Although the common name frequently used is Siberian fritillary, a misnomer because the species does not grow in the wild in Siberia.

Georgia national futsal team

The Georgia national futsal team is controlled by Georgian Football Federation and they are yet to feature at the FIFA Futsal World Cup.

2022 Nepalese general election

General elections are expected to be held in Nepal on 20 November 2022 unless the House of Representatives is dissolved earlier. The discussion is underway due to interest of leading Nepali Congress while the opposition, CPN (UML), is already demanding a fresh mandate.

Steppe buzzard

The Steppe buzzard ("Buteo buteo vulpinus") is a bird of prey, very widespread in the Old World. It lives in mostly of most of Central Asia, and other Turanian regions. It breeds as far as the northern Caucacus, northern Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, much of Russia to Altai and south-central Siberia, Tien Shan in China and western Mongolia. "B. b. vulpinus" is a long-distance migrant. It winters largely in much of eastern and southern Africa. Less frequently and often very discontinuously, steppe buzzards winter in the southern peninsulas of Europe, Arabia and southwestern India in addition to some parts of southeastern Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan. In the open country favoured on the wintering grounds, steppe buzzards are often seen perched on roadside telephone poles.

Within Turkistan it is the National bird of East Turkestan.

Nuclear binding energy

Nuclear binding energy is the energy needed to break an atomic nucleus into protons and neutrons. Atoms with higher binding energy are more stable, because you would have to add more energy to break them. 

Protons and neutrons are attracted to each other by the "nuclear force". This is a form of the "strong interaction" that acts over a longer distance than usual. Together, protons and neutrons are called "nucleons".

The binding energy per nucleon is the binding energy of an atom, divided by its number of protons and neutrons. Iron-56 has the highest binding energy per nucleon. This makes it the most stable isotope of any element. Both smaller and larger atoms may eventually move towards Iron-56 by gaining or losing nucleons.

The term "nuclear binding energy" can be confusing. An atom with a higher nuclear binding energy "does not" have more energy stored in its nucleus. Actually, atoms with more binding energy have "less" energy stored inside.

Energy from atoms can be released by nuclear fission or nuclear fusion. It can be used in nuclear power or nuclear weapons.

The Fixies

The Fixies ( in English language: To Fix) is a French-Russian animated series, based in Russia. The story is written by Eduard Uspensky, composed by Lev Zemlinsky, and produced from December 13, 2010 until May 13, 2022 with 4 seasons and 209 episodes.

It originally began in 2008 by Aeroplane Studios, and it was originally a animated film by Aeroplane Studios.

In 2010, it began as TV Show produced by Ilya Popov, Michael Mennis, and Georgy Vasilyev.

Follow the comical misadventures of Tom Thomas and his secret friendship with Simka and Nolik, the children of the Fixie family that lives in his apartment. There's just no end to the troubles Tom Thomas and his Fixie friends get themselves into.

Wild Bactrian camel

The Wild Bactrian camel ("Camelus ferus") is a critically endangered species of camel living in East Turkestan and southwestern Mongolia. It is closely related to the Bactrian camel ("Camelus bactrianus"). Both are large, double-humped even-toed ungulates native to the steppes of central Asia. Until recently, wild Bactrian camels were thought to have descended from domesticated Bactrian camels that became feral after being released into the wild. However, genetic studies have established it as a separate species that diverged from the Bactrian camel about 1.1 million years ago.

Currently, only about 1,000 wild Bactrian camels are living in the wild. Most live on the Lop Nur Wild Camel National Nature Reserve near the border with China proper to the East.

Don't Grieve

Don't Grieve (; ) is a 1969 Georgian comedy-drama movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya and was based on the novel "My Uncle Benjamen" by Claude Tillier. It stars Sergo Zakariadze, Vakhtang Kikabidze, Sofiko Chiaureli, Gogi Kavtaradze, Zurab Kapianidze.

ADC Cirrus

The ADC Cirrus is a British airplane engine named the Aircraft Disposal Company (ADC) in the 1920s.





You Better Run

"You Better Run" is a 1966 single by the Young Rascals and went to the top 20 in the United States and was covered by Pat Benatar in 1980.

Pat Benatar recorded "You Better Run" for her second album, "Crimes of Passion" (1980). The song was released as the album's lead single, with "Out-A-Touch" as the B-side. It peaked at number 42 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and number 44 on the "Cash Box" Top 100.
The song appeared on the soundtrack to the 1980 movie "Roadie".

Isaac Loader (Sheriff of Kent)

Isaac Loader (died 10 September 1715) was High Sheriff of Kent in the year 1701.

Markus Mader

Markus Mader (born 21 May 1968) is a former Austrian football player and manager of SC Austria Lustenau.
Mader played for different clubs in Vorarlberg. With IG Bregenz/Dornbirn he played in the Second League. 

After the end of his player career he became manager of different clubs in Vorarlberg. In the 2017/18 season he became coach of FC Dornbirn in the Regionalliga. They were promoted in 2019 to the Second League. In 2019–20 they finished 12th, and in 2020–21 they finished 7th. For the 2021–22 season he became coach of Austria Lustenau. They won the league and were promoted to the Austrian Bundesliga.

Terrance Drew

Dr. Terrance Michael Drew (born November 22, 1976) is the current prime minister of Saint Kitts and Nevis, since 2022.

Welcome to the Boomtown

Welcome to the Boomtown is a 1986 debut single by singers David & David and taken from their debut "Boomtown". It went to number 27 in Australia.

Riviera

Riviera nay mean:


Western chorus frog

The western chorus frog, tree frog, chorus frog, swamp tree toad, swamp tree frog, swamp cricket frog, three-striped tree frog, or midland chorus frog ("Pseudacris triseriata") is a frog. It lives in North America. It lives in Illinois, Indiana, Pennsylvania, and Ohio in the United States, and a few live in Ontario in Canada. Other sources say they also live in Labrador Quebec, Newfoundland, Iowa, Kentucky, New York, Michigan, and Tennessee.

The adult frog is 10-37 mm long from nose to rear end. They are gray to brown in color on the back and lighter on the belly. Most of these frogs have three narrow, dark stripes down their bodies. Some of them have rows of spots instead. They have a white stripe on the upper lip. They do not have webbed skin on their feet.

The female frog lays 500 to 1500 eggs, 20 to 60 per group of eggs.

This frog is good at living in places where humans have built buildings.

Thomas Bramall

Tom Bramall is an English association football referee from Manchester, England. His county FA is the Manchester Football Association. He is a Select Group 1 Referee and officiates primarily in the Premier League. 

Bramall was a mathematics teacher at , before pursuing a career as a full-time referee. 

Telefe Rosario

Telefe Rosario is an Argentine television station broadcasting on channel 5 from the city of Rosario, province of Santa Fe.


Azerbaijan Technological University

Azerbaijan Technological University () is a public university, specialized in engineering, light industry, and food industry. It is in Ganja, Azerbaijan. It was founded in 1981 by the government of the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic. The university has 3 faculties and 21 departments.



Nuptial pad

A nuptial pad (also known as thumb pad, or nuptial excrescence) is a thick piece of flesh on the front feet of some frogs and salamanders. Only adult male animals have this pad.

The nuptial pad is a gland. It is a secondary sex characteristic. The male animals use the nuptual pad to hold on to females when they mate, but it does not make or move sperm itself. Some animals use their nuptial pads to fight each other.

Austrian biologist Paul Kammerer looked at midwife toads' nuptial pads. He believed in Lamarckian evolution. This means he thought that the male frogs' pads got bigger in their own lifetimes, and then they passed the big pads on to their young after that. But this is not how evolution truly works.

Many amphibian species grow nuptial pads for mating. For example, the rough-skinned newt ("Taricha granulosa") does.

Hartley mammoth butcher site

The Hartley mammoth butcher site (also called the Hartley mammoth locality) is an archaeological and paleontological site on the Colorado Plateau in New Mexico. Starting in 2013, bones of two mammoths were excavated by Timothy Rowe, a paleontologist from the University of Texas. The bones were of a young female adult and a calf. Rowe and his fellow researchers used various techniques to study the bones and the site. They found "diagnostic evidence of diverse human activities including systematic, highly patterned bone breakage and secondary bone flake production, pyrogenic residues indicative of a controlled (domestic) fire, and utilization of regional vertebrate microfauna." The same scientists used radiocarbon dating to determine how long ago the animals had lived. They reported that they were from about 37,000 years ago (38,900–36,250 cal BP).

This site is important because, if the identification as a site with human activity and the dating are correct, it overturns the idea held by many archaeologists that the first people in the Americas belonged to the Clovis culture, which is dated to about 13,000 years ago.


Chris Foy (referee)

Christopher Foy (born 20 November 1962) is an English retired professional football referee whose currently Head of Community and Public Engagement for PGMOL. Following his first appointment as an official in the Football League in 1994 and his promotion in 2001 to the list of Select Group Referees who officiate in the Premier League, He refereed a number of notable matches, including the FA Community Shield and the finals of the FA Cup, Football League Cup and FA Trophy.

In 2015 Foy retired to become a senior referees' coach for the PGMOL.

Turnover (food)

When talking about food, a turnover is a piece of dough which is folded so that it can contain a filling. The turnover is usually baked in the oven, but sometimes it is fried. It can be sweet or salty. Turnovers are often sold as a form of convenience food. 

A well-known type of turnover is the calzone, which was first seen in Naples in the 19th century.

Arvanites

The Arvanites (: , , ) are a bilingual Greek people speaking both the Greek language and a dialect of the Albanian language called "Arvanitika". They moved from the regions of northern Epirus and central Albania to the Greek peninsula during the Middle Ages. The Arvanites settled as farmers and soldiers ("stradioti") getting land as payment for their work. They were organized into clans called "fares" (), or "sogia" (Arvanitika: σόjτε), and their culture was Byzantine Greek. They fought in the Greek revolution of 1821 against the Ottoman Empire and its allies. The name "Arvanites", or "Arnauts", was also used to describe Greeks from Roumeli, Albanians, Bulgarians and Serbs who all served as bodyguards for royals. 

In one of their songs, the Arvanites of Boeotia in central Greece sing of their homeland, Constantinople: "Τρε παμπόρἐ σκούαν ε βάνἐ νἐ Σταμπούλ νἐ βέντἐ τάνἐ" (transliteration: "Tre pampóre skoúan e báne ne Stampoúl ne bénte táne", "Three ships passed and are going to Constantinople to our lands"). According to Maria Michael-Dede, the song proves that the Arvanites are of Greek origin.



Brunswick, Vermont

Brunswick is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Canaan, Vermont

Canaan is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Concord, Vermont

Concord is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

East Haven, Vermont

East Haven is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Granby, Vermont

Granby is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Lemington, Vermont

Lemington is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Lunenburg, Vermont

Lunenburg is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Maidstone, Vermont

Maidstone is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Norton, Vermont

Norton is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Victory, Vermont

Victory is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

Bakersfield, Vermont

Bakersfield is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Berkshire, Vermont

Berkshire is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Enosburgh, Vermont

Enosburgh is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Fairfax, Vermont

Fairfax is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Kashmir Koklass pheasant

The Kashmir Koklass Pheasant "(Pucrasia macrolopha biddulphi)", although called a pheasant, is related to grouses and is only a distant relative to the pheasants. Grouses are actually birds from the order Galliformes, which are heavy-bodied ground-feeding birds that include chicken and quail. In the monotypic genus Pucrasia, the Koklass Pheasant is the only species. Koklass is an adapted species that has been put into three different groups of species and again divided into subspecies. It is the only species in the genus Pucrasia to be divided into nine subspecies. 
It is found in a wide range from Asia, across Afghanistan to China. The range of the subspecies can be found at quite a distance from each other. The Koklass Pheasant is part of the few species related to galliforms that regularly fly uphill and can fly at a time for many miles. Galliform species are not normally known to fly. Koklass Pheasants look more similar to the grouses than a regular pheasant. 
Both the words Koklass and Pheasants from the name of Koklass Pheasants have been derived from the territorial call of the birds. The territorial call of the male is 'kok-kok-kok'.

The male Koklass Pheasant is usually black in colour with each feather on the body covered with a pale white border. The male is much larger than the female in size and also much colourful. The male has a metallic green face, head, throat, and crest. They have chestnut on the chest and breast and a streaked appearance to the body. A white cheek patch is found along with a rust throat, chest and belly. The backs of the body are mostly grey and the wings are brown and tan coloured. The male species have a black beak and dark grey legs. The female has a dark grey beak and the same dark grey legs. The female Koklass has a cream-brown body with dark markings, a cream-colored face, white cheeks, and a throat patch. The female has white tips on the outside tail feathers. The female Koklass Pheasants has a fairly dull body. Both the male and female have wedge-shaped tails. The chicks and the first-year adults look similar to the females. They only attain the dark male body coloration after they mature.

Within Pakistan it is the State bird of Azad Kashmir.

Geranium clarkei

Geranium clarkei, called Clarke's geranium, Kashmir Purple Geranium, Kashmir White or the Kashmir's Cranesbill is a species of flowering plant in the family Geraniaceae, native to India and cultivated for use in gardens.

It is an herbaceous perennial growing to in height, with deeply cut 7-lobed leaves and white or purple flowers with pink veining in summer. It spreads by underground rhizomes, and is used for groundcover or the front of a border. A rhizomatous hardy geranium that is native to alpine meadows in the mountains of Kashmir. It typically grows in a clump to 18" tall, spreading outward by creeping stems to 18" wide. Purple-violet or white, upward-facing flowers (to 3/4" diameter) with contrasting dark veins profusely bloom from late spring to early summer. Dark green leaves are deeply cut into 7 segments and form an attractive foliage mat.

Genus name comes from the Greek word "geranos" meaning crane in reference to the fruit which purportedly resembles the head and beak of a crane.

Kashmir White is a large-flowered cultivar which typically grows in a clump to 18" tall, spreading outward by creeping stems to 18" wide, and features a profuse bloom of white, upward-facing flowers (to 2" diameter) with contrasting violet-pink veins.

Easily grown in average, medium, well-drained soil in full sun to part shade. Prefers moist, humusy, well-drained soils, particularly in hot summer climates. Intolerant of drought. Performs best in cool summer climates, and is intolerant of the heat and humidity of the deep South. Shear off spent flowers after bloom to encourage additional bloom or tidy the planting. In the alternative, plants may be left alone after flowering to promote self-seeding.

'Kashmir White' self-seeds in the garden in optimum growing conditions, but flower colour in particular does not reliably come true from seed.

Within Pakistan it is the State flower of Azad Kashmir.

What About Love

"What About Love" is a 1985 single by American hard rock group by Heart and was taken from their 1985 self-titled album. It was a major comeback for the group and went to the top 10 in Canada and the United States.

Breakcore

Breakcore is an electronic music genre. It is made of complex rhythms (called breakbeats) and it is usually played quick. The drums are often made from the Amen Break (an unique rhythm) or other breaks.

Union City Blue

"Union City Blue" is a 1979 song by American band Blondie and taken from their 1979 album Eat to the Beat. It peaked at number 13 in the United Kingdom and number 17 in Ireland and the song is inspired by Debbie Harry's acting experience in the 1980 movie "Union City".





Union of the Crowns

The Union of the Crowns (; ) was the accession of James VI of Scotland to the throne of the Kingdom of England as James I. It is also the consequential unification for some purposes (such as overseas diplomacy) of the two realms under a single monarch on 24 March 1603.

In its turn, the English Parliament responded with the Alien Act 1705. This threatened to impose economic sanctions and declare Scottish subjects aliens in England, unless Scotland either repealed the Act of Security or moved to unite with England. The Estates chose the latter option; the English Parliament agreed to repeal the Alien Act, and new commissioners were appointed by Queen Anne I in early 1706 to negotiate the terms of a union. The articles of union approved by the commissioners were presented to Anne on 23 July 1706. Then it was ratified by the Scottish and English Parliaments on 16 January and 6 March 1707, respectively. Under the Acts of Union, England and Scotland were united into a single kingdom called Great Britain, with one parliament, on 1 May 1707. 


The Bear and the Doll

The Bear and the Doll () is a 1970 French romantic comedy movie directed by Michel Deville and starring Brigitte Bardot, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Daniel Ceccaldi, Julien Verdier, Sabine Haudepin. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Nepalese Armed Forces

The Nepalese Armed Forces are the military forces of Nepal. 

Nepali Army

The Nepali Army has participated in various conflicts throughout its history, going as far back as the Nepali unification campaign launched by Prithvi Narayan Shah of the Gorkha Kingdom. It has engaged in an extensive number of battles within South Asia, and continues to take part in global conflicts as part of United Nations peacekeeping coalitions.

The Nepali Army is headquartered in Kathmandu, Nepal and the incumbent Chief of Army Staff is General Prabhu Ram Sharma.

The Adventurers (1970 movie)

The Adventurers is a 1970 American adventure drama movie directed by Lewis Gilbert and was based on the 1966 novel of the same name by Harold Robbins. It stars Bekim Fehmiu, Charles Aznavour, Candice Bergen, Alan Badel, Fernando Rey, Ernest Borgnine, Willoughby Gray, John Ireland, Zienia Merton, Olivia de Havilland, Allan Cuthbertson and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Chief of the Army Staff (Nepal)

The Chief of Army Staff (COAS) (Nepali: नेपालको प्रधानसेनापति), also known as Chief Sa'ab (Nepali: चिफ सा'ब), is the commander and highest-ranking officer of the Nepalese Armed Forces.

The Chief of Army Staff is the Chief of the Nepalese Army. He or she reports to the Ministry of Defense. The term is to be for three years or up to 61 years of age whichever is earlier. The seat of Chief of Army Staff is in Bhadrakali, Kathmandu. 

The current Chief of Army Staff is General Prabhu Ram Sharma, since 9 September 2021. The Chief of Army Staff also holds the honorary rank of General of the Indian Army.

Prabhu Ram Sharma

General Prabhu Ram Sharma (; born 5 January 1964) is the Chief of Army Staff in the Nepalese Army. He took the oath from the president of Nepal on 9 September 2021. He is successor to Purna Chandra Thapa.
Sharma was born on January 5, 1964 in Kathmandu. He entered into Nepal army in 1984 as a Second Lieutenant in Purano Gorakh Battalion. He has a master’s degree in history from Tribhuwan University and master of philosophy in Defense and Strategic Study from University of Madras.
Sharma is married to Sunita Sharma and has two daughters.
Sharma was conferred as the honorary General of the Indian Army by the Indian President Ram Nath Kovind on 10 November 2021 while Sharma was on a four-day long visit to India.

House of Representatives (Nepal)

The House of Representatives, or Pratinidhi Sabha (Nepali: प्रतिनिधि सभा; "Pratinidhi sabhā") is the one of the houses of the Federal Parliament of Nepal.

Federal Parliament of Nepal

The Federal Parliament of Nepal (संघीय संसद नेपाल, "Saṅghīya Sansada Nēpāla") is the bicameral federal and supreme legislature of Nepal. It was established in 2018. It has the National Assembly and the House of Representatives as parallel houses.

Namibia national netball team

The Namibia national netball team represent Namibia in international netball competition and are governed by Netball Association of Namibia. They have attended the Netball World Cup twice in 1991 (where they finished 13th) and 1995.

Prime Minister of Solomon Islands

The prime minister of Solomon Islands is Solomon Islands' head of government, while also being the leader of the party or coalition with majority support in the National Parliament. 

Rick Houenipwela

Rick Houenipwela, more commonly known as Rick Hou, (born 8 August 1958) is a politician. He was the Prime Minister of Solomon Islands from 15 November 2017 to 24 April 2019.

Manasseh Sogavare

Manasseh Damukana Sogavare (born 17 January 1955) is the sixth and current Prime Minister of Solomon Islands since 24 April 2019. He was the prime minister between 2000–2001, 2006—2007 and 2014–2017. Sogavare has been in the National Parliament since 1997.

Governor-General of Solomon Islands

The governor-general of Solomon Islands is the vice-regal representative of the Solomon Islands' monarch. The governor-general is appointed by the monarch after their nomination by the National Parliament by vote.

Their responsibilities include nominating ministers, judges, and ambassadors.

The term of office is five years, and is renewable once.

Following is a list of people who have served as Governor-General of Solomon Islands since independence in 1978.

Nathaniel Waena

Sir Nathaniel Rahumaea Waena GCMG, CSI, KStJ (born 1 November 1945) was the Governor-General of Solomon Islands from 2004 to 2009.

Waena was a Member of the National Parliament from 1984 to 2004. 

Frank Kabui

Sir Frank Utu Ofagioro Kabui, GCMG, CSI, OBE KStJ (born 20 April 1946) was the Governor General of the Solomon Islands from 7 July 2009 to 7 July 2019.

Baddeley Devesi

Sir Baddeley Devesi (October 16, 1941 – February 16, 2012) was a Solomon Islander politician. He was the first Governor-General of the Solomon Islands for two terms from 1978 to 1988.

David Vunagi

Sir David Okete Vuvuiri Vunagi, (born 5 September 1950) is a retired Solomon Islands Anglican bishop and politician. He has been the governor-general of Solomon Islands since 2019. He was the archbishop of Melanesia and bishop of the Diocese of Central Melanesia from 2009 to 2015.

2022 Gaza–Israel clashes

On 5 August 2022, Israel launched a large amount of surprise airstrikes on the Gaza Strip. They were targeting militants of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad movement (PIJ). The operation, called "Breaking Dawn" by the Israel Defense Forces (IDF). It lasted a week and began on 1 August raid on Jenin. 

Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine

The Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine (, "Harakat al-Jihād al-Islāmi fi Filastīn"), simply known as Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ), is a Palestinian Islamist organization. It was formed in 1981.

PIJ was inspired by the Muslim Brotherhood. They reject the Oslo Accords. Their goal is to help create an independent Islamic Palestinian state. It supports the military destruction of Israel and rejects a two-state solution. They have been supported by Syria and Hezbollah. Their power began to grow faster in 2014 as support from Iran grew.

Rostislav Václavíček

Rostislav Václavíček (7 December 1946 – 7 August 2022) was a Czech football player. He was a part of the 1980 Olympic Games, where Czechoslovakia won the gold medal.

Roger E. Mosley

Roger Earl Mosley (; December 18, 1938 – August 7, 2022) was an American actor, director, and writer. He was best known for his role as the helicopter pilot Theodore "T.C." Calvin in the CBS television series "Magnum, P.I.".

On August 4, 2022, Mosley was in a car accident in Lynwood, California, becoming paralyzed from the shoulders down. He died three days later from his injuries at a Los Angeles hospital at the age of 83.

Eike Christian Hirsch

Eike Christian Hirsch (6 April 1937 – 7 August 2022) was a Dutch-born German journalist and author. 

Hirsch was born in 1937 in Bilthoven, Netherlands and grew up in Göttingen. He was an editor in sound broadcasting at the NDR and was later a freelance journalist. In the 1980s, he was the host of the talk show 3 nach 9.

Hirsch died on 7 August 2022 in Hannover, Germany at the age of 85.

Ezekiel Alebua

Ezekiel Alebua (June 1947 – 7 August 2022) was the third Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands from 1 December 1986 until 28 March 1989.

Alebua died on 7 August 2022 from a long-illness in Haimatua, Solomon Islands at the age of 75.

Louisiana's 4th congressional district

Louisiana's 4th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Louisiana. The district is in the northwestern part of the state. They mainly covers Shreveport-Bossier City. It also includes the cities of Minden, DeRidder, and Natchitoches.

The district is represented by Republican Mike Johnson.

Mike Johnson (politician)

James Michael Johnson (born January 30, 1972) is an American politician and lawyer. Since 2023, he has been serving as the 56th speaker of the United States House of Representatives. Before becoming speaker, he has also been serving as the United States representative for Louisiana's 4th congressional district since 2017. Johnson is a member of the Republican Party.

Johnson was born in Shreveport, Louisiana. He studied at Louisiana State University to become a lawyer. He then became a lawyer in Benton, Louisiana. In 2015, he became a state representative in the Louisiana House of Representatives. 

Johnson was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 2016. He replaced retiring Representative John Fleming in the 4th district.

He is part of the Republican Party. Johnson chaired the House Republican Study Committee for one term. It is the largest caucus of conservatives in Congress, .

Johnson wants a nationwide abortion ban and an end to legal same-sex marriages. 

In December 2020, Johnson supported "Texas v. Pennsylvania", a lawsuit filed at the Supreme Court in an attempt to overturn the results of the 2020 presidential election. In January 2021, Johnson voted to overturn the election results in Pennsylvania. 

Johnson supports ending American military aid to Ukraine in its war against Russia.

On October 24, 2023, after three votes by the Republican conference, Johnson became the fourth Republican nominee for Speaker of the House in the October 2023 speakership election. He received 128 votes on the third ballot. 

Since he has not been a U.S. Representative for a long time, never chaired a full House committee, or served in senior House leadership, Johnson is the least experienced Speaker of the House in terms of service in 140 years. On October 25, 2023, he was elected the 56th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.

He is the first speaker in the history of the United States who comes from Louisiana. Johnson has the shortest House membership tenure of any Speaker in 140 years; John Carlisle, elected speaker in 1883, had a shorter House tenure at the time of his election to the speakership.

Johnson is married to Kelly Lary. They have four children. Johnson used to live in Shreveport, Baton Rouge, and in Allen, Collin County, Texas. Johnson said that early in his marriage, that he and his wife adopted a 14-year-old African American boy.


Mark Walker (North Carolina politician)

Bradley Mark Walker (born May 20, 1969) is an American politician and pastor. He was the U.S. representative for North Carolina's 6th congressional district from 2015 to 2021. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was vice chair of the House Republican Conference in 2019.

In December 2019, Walker said he would not reelection in 2020. Instead, he unsuccessfully ran for the Republican nomination for the United States Senate in the 2022 election.

Louisiana House of Representatives

The Louisiana House of Representatives () is the lower house in the Louisiana State Legislature, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Louisiana. The House is made of 105 representatives. Members serve four-year terms with a term limit of three terms (twelve years).

Louisiana State Legislature

The Louisiana State Legislature () is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Louisiana. It is a bicameral body, made up by the lower house, the Louisiana House of Representatives with 105 representatives, and the upper house, the Louisiana State Senate with 39 senators. 

Louisiana State Senate

The Louisiana State Senate () is the upper house of the state legislature of Louisiana. All senators serve four-year terms.


John Yanta

John Walter Yanta (October 2, 1931 – August 6, 2022) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was bishop of the Diocese of Amarillo in Texas from 1997 to 2008 and as an auxiliary bishop in the Archdiocese of San Antonio in Texas from 1994 to 1997. He was born in Runge, Texas.

Yanta died on August 6, 2022 in San Antonio, Texas from problems caused by pneumonia at the age of 90.

Runge, Texas

Runge is a town in Karnes County, Texas, United States. The population was 892 at the 2020 census.

David Muse

David Muse (July 27, 1949 – August 6, 2022) was an American musician. He was known for his musical career with Firefall, The Marshall Tucker Band, Pam Rose and Bertie Higgins.

Muse was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin lymphoma in 2011. He died on August 6, 2022 from the disease at his home in Palm Harbor, Florida at the age of 73.

Palm Harbor, Florida

Palm Harbor is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Pinellas County, Florida, United States. It had a population of 61,366 in 2020.

Daniel Lévi

Daniel Lévi (26 August 1961 – 6 August 2022) was a French singer-songwriter, composer, and pianist. He was born in Constantine, French Algeria. His career began in 1983. He was known for his 2000 single "L'envie d'aimer".

Lévi died of colon cancer in Bouches-du-Rhône, France at the age of 60.


Carlo Bonomi

Carlo Bonomi (12 March 1937 – 6 August 2022) was an Italian actor and clown. He was best known for his work as the voice of Mr. Linea in the animated series "La Linea" as well as Pingu in the stop-motion children's television series of the same name.

Bonomi died on 6 August 2022 in Milan, Italy at the age of 85.

Luciano Macías

Luciano Antonio Macías Argencio (28 May 1935 – 5 August 2022) was an Ecuadorian footballer. He played as a defender. He also played for the Ecuador national team from 1957 to 1969, making twenty-one appearances.

Macías died on 5 August 2022 in Guayaquil, Ecuador at the age of 87.

Bob Lay

Robert William Lay (20 March 1944 – 5 August 2022) was an Australian sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1964 Summer Olympics. Lay was born in New South Wales, Australia.

Lay died on 5 August 2022 at the age of 78.

Marianna Hill

Marianna Hill ( Schwarzkopf, February 9, 1942) is a retired American actress. She was known for her roles in the Western movies "El Condor" and "High Plains Drifter". She was also in the cult horror movie "Messiah of Evil".

Cherie Gil

Evangeline Rose Gil Eigenmann (June 21, 1963 – August 5, 2022) known professionally as Cherie Gil () was a Filipino actress. Her career began in 1970 and she retired in 2021. She was known for playing villain roles in movies. Gil was born in Manila, the Philippines. Her best known roles were in "Manila By Night", "Oro, Plata, Mata" and "Bituing Walang Ningning".

In October 2021, Gil was diagnosed with a "rare" form of endometrial cancer. She died from the disease on August 5, 2022 at a hospital in New York City at the age of 59.

Ana Luísa Amaral

Ana Luísa Amaral (5 April 1956 – 5 August 2022) was a Portuguese poet, novelist and translator. She was a professor at the University of Porto. She was born in Lisbon, Portugal.

Amaral died on 5 August 2022 in Porto, Portugal from a long illness at the age of 66.

Ilya Tsipursky

Ilya Lazarevich Tsipursky (; 26 August 1934 – 3 August 2022) was a Soviet judoka and sambist. He participated at the 1964 European Judo Championships, winning a silver medal. He was in the middleweight class.

Tsipursky died on 3 August 2022 at the age of 87.

Uxbridge, Ontario

Uxbridge is a township in the Regional Municipality of Durham in south-central Ontario, Canada.

Ton Frinking

Ton Frinking (1 February 1931 – 3 August 2022) was a Dutch politician. He was in the Royal Netherlands Army as a lieutenant colonel. He was a member of the House of Representatives of Netherlands from 1977 to 1993 for the Christian Democratic Appeal and Catholic People's Party. He was born in Groningen, Netherlands.

Frinking died in August 2022 in Delft, Netherlands at the age of 91.

Raymond Damadian

Raymond Vahan Damadian (March 16, 1936 – August 3, 2022) was an American physician and medical practitioner. He was known as the inventor of the first MR (magnetic resonance) scanning machine. He was born in New York City. He received a National Medal of Technology in 1988 and was honored into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 1989.

Damadian died on August 3, 2022 in Woodbury, New York at the age of 86.

Rajendra Arlekar

Rajendra Arlekar (born 23 April 1954) is an Indian politician. He is 21st Governor of Himachal Pradesh since 2021. He was a Cabinet Minister in the Government of Goa. He was a speaker of the Goa Legislative Assembly. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.

Gurmit Singh

Lieutenant General Gurmit Singh PVSM, UYSM, AVSM, VSM (born 1 February 1956) is an Indian Army official and politician. In 2021 he was made Governor of Uttrakhand.

Thawar Chand Gehlot

Thawar Chand Gehlot (born 18 May 1948) is an Indian politician. He is the 19th Governor of Karnataka since 2021, being the first person serving as the Governor of Karnataka from Madhya Pradesh.

Kambhampati Hari Babu

Kambhampati Hari Babu (born 15 June 1953) is an Indian politician and the current Governor of Mizoram. He was a member of Parliament as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. 

Zijin Grass

The Zijin Grass (Chinese: 紫金草; Pinyin: "Zǐ Jīn Cǎo"; Japanese: シキンソウ) is a classic Chinese origami flower designed by Haozheng Pei. In Chinese culture, it is used to pay traditional respect to the deceased, especially martyrs; and it is a representation of the Chinese violet cress, referred to as the "flower of peace" both in China and Japan. It is often folded on the National Memorial Day on Dec 13 and the eve of Qingming Festival to pay tribute to the victims of the Nanjing Massacre in 1937 and pray for peace and security all over the world.

The original Zijin Grass models are in the permanent collection of the Memorial Hall of the Victims in Nanjing Massacre by Japanese Invaders in Nanjing, Jiangsu, China. 
During the War of Resistance against Japanese Aggression (1937-45), a Japanese army doctor named Yamaguchi Seitarou (Chinese: 山口诚太郎; Japanese: 山口 誠太郎/やまぐち せいたろう) was deployed to Nanjing, East China's Jiangsu province. When he left the ruined city in 1939, he collected a handful of seeds of a local purple flower blossoming at the foot of Zijin Mountain and brought them back to Japan. He named the flower "Zijin Grass", also known as Chinese violet cress and February orchid.

Yamaguchi sent the seeds as gifts to friends and family members and suggested them to plant the seeds in their backyards. In over two decades, every year he would take a train and throw the seeds out of window in hopes of letting these little wild violet-like flowers bloom across Japan.

At the 1985 World Horticultural Exposition in Tsukuba, Japan, Yamaguchi's son donated 1 million seeds and told his father's story to visitors from worldwide. Since then, the flower has been dubbed as "the flower of peace". Its moral is: "Remember history; cherish peace".Inspired by the story, Haozheng Pei created several purple flower models and placed them near a bronze statue in the Memorial Hall in the 2000s. These models were noticed by the Memorial Hall and thus became one of its official collections as well as cultural and creative designs. 




In 2021, a related project titled "The Zijin Grass in Bloom" and a series of "The Zijin Grass Cultural and Creative Products", both developed by the Memorial Hall, were respectively selected as the China Excellent Cultural, Social and Educational Project and the China Top 100 Cultural and Creative Products.


Mangubhai C. Patel

Mangubhai Chhaganbhai Patel (born 1 June 1944) is an Indian politician. He is 19th Governor of Madhya Pradesh since 2021. He is a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party from Gujarat.

Zofia Posmysz

Zofia Posmysz-Piasecka (; 23 August 1923 – 8 August 2022) was a Polish journalist, novelist, and author. She was a resistance fighter in World War II. She survived imprisonment at the Auschwitz and Ravensbrück concentration camps. She was known for her autobiography "Passenger from Cabin 45", which later became the plot for her 1962 novel "Passenger".

Posmysz died in Oświęcim, Poland on 8 August 2022, at the age of 98.

Grace Van Dien

Grace Van Dien (born October 15, 1996) is an American actress and Twitch streamer. She is known for playing Brooke Osmond in the Netflix teen drama series "Greenhouse Academy" (2017) and Katie Campbell in NBC drama series "The Village" (2019). She also played Chrissy Cunningham in the Netflix drama thriller series Stranger Things in 2022.

She is the daughter of actors Casper Van Dien and Carrie Mitchum, and the great-granddaughter of actor Robert Mitchum. 

The Forest (video game)

The Forest is a survival horror video game developed and published by Endnight Games. 

The game takes place on a remote forested peninsula, where the player character Eric LeBlanc must fight off cannibalistic monsters while searching for his son Timmy after a plane crash. 

The game was released for Windows in April 2018, and for the PlayStation 4 in November 2018. The game was a success, selling over five million copies by the end of 2018. A sequel game, "Sons of the Forest" was announced to be released in October 2022, but was delayed before the final release date was set to be in early 2023.

Pottstown, Pennsylvania

Pottstown is a borough in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.

2017 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2017 UEFA Champions League final was the last game of the 2016–17 UEFA Champions League season, which is Europe's top club football competition. It happened at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff, Wales, on June 3, 2017. In this final, Juventus from Italy faced Real Madrid from Spain, who were the current champions. Real Madrid won 4–1 and secured their 12th title. They became the first team to defend their title since Milan in 1990. Juventus, on the other hand, lost their fifth Champions League final in a row and their seventh overall out of nine finals they've reached.

As a result of winning the Champions League, Real Madrid earned a spot in the 2017 FIFA Club World Cup in the United Arab Emirates. They also had the opportunity to play against the winners of the 2016–17 UEFA Europa League, Manchester United, in the 2017 UEFA Super Cup, and they won both of these competitions as well.

"Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away)."

The "home" team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the semi-final draw, which was held on 21 April 2017 at UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland.<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Duquesne Incline

The Duquesne Incline () is a funicular near Pittsburgh's South Side neighborhood. It travels to Mt. Washington in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. Designed by Hungarian-American engineer Samuel Diescher, the incline was completed in 1877.

The lower station is in the Second Empire style. Together with the incline, which rises in height. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It is a very popular tourist attraction in Pittsburgh.

Jack Deloplaine

Jack A. Deloplaine (April 21, 1954 – August 3, 2022) was an American professional football player. He was a running back for four seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Pittsburgh Steelers, Washington Redskins, and Chicago Bears from 1976 to 1979. He was born in Pottstown, Pennsylvania.

Deloplaine died on August 3, 2022 in Columbia, South Carolina at the age of 68.

Samboedjo Hoerip

Samboedjo Hoerip (born 1913 or 1914 - 19 January 1942) was a tennis player from the Dutch East Indies. Hoerip was indicated by newspaper "De nieuwsgier" in 1953 as one of the best all-time Indonesian tennis players, next to Kho Sin-Kie. He died being shot down during World War II in his bomber.

At the age of 17 years old, he beated the Java-champion Ohye. In 1932 Hoerip was one of the tennis player that played against the Japanese Davis Cup tennis players visiting Semarang.

Hoerip represented the Dutch East Indies as one of the three tennis players at the 1934 Far Eastern Championship Games in Manilla. One of the other three tennis players was his brother Soemadi Hoerip.

In 1940 Hoerip had multiple times tennis matches against Kho Sin-Kie that attracted a lot of spectators.

In October 1939, on a trial basis with five others, Hoerip was selected for short-term pilot training. He started at 1 July 1940 at the "Vlieg- en Waarnemersschool" In 1941 he became a short connection pilot observer. His group, under command by the British, was used against Japan during World War II. Hoerip was shot down on 19 January 1942 in his "Glenn Martin" bomber at Malacca by Japanese fighters.

Hoerip came from a tennis family that founded the Indonesian Lawn Tennis Association. Both his brothers Santoso Hoerip and Soemadi Hoerip and sister Soelastri Hoerip were known tennis players.


Soemadi Hoerip

Soemadi Hoerip was a tennis player from Semarang, the Dutch East Indies.

In 1932 Hoerip was one of the tennis player that played against the Japanese Davis Cup tennis players visiting Semarang.

Hoerip represented the Dutch East Indies as one of the three tennis players at the 1934 Far Eastern Championship Games in Manilla. One of the other three tennis players was his brother Samboedjo Hoerip.

He became six times national champion in the doubles.

Hoerip came from a tennis family that founded the Indonesian Lawn Tennis Association. Both his brothers Samboedjo Hoerip and his younger brother Santoso Hoerip and sister Soelastri Hoerip played tennis. At the 1938 and 1939 Java championships, most prizes were won by the Hoerip family.


Soelastri Hoerip

Soelastri Hoerip was a female tennis player from Semarang, the Dutch East Indies.

One of her earliest matches are from December 1928.
Hoerip became in the 1930s multiple times national champion.

In 1934 she started working as a tennis trainer in Semarang as a worker for Sporting House.

Hoerip came from a tennis family that founded the the Indonesian Lawn Tennis Association. Her brothers Santoso Hoerip, Samboedjo Hoerip and Soemadi Hoerip were known tennis players. At the 1938 Java championships, most prizes were won by the Hoerip family.


Acciona

Acciona, S. A. is a Spanish company for the promotion and management of infrastructures (water, concessions, constructions and services) and renewable energies. It has a presence in 65 countries on five continents. The company founded in 1862 in Galicia.

At the beginning of 2018, Transmediterránea would finally be sold to the Canarian company Naviera Armas.

In January 2018 Acciona signed a EUR 100 million loan with the European Investment Bank.

SENER

SENER is a private engineering and technology group founded in 1956. Specialises in activities related to Engineering and Construction. The company has industrial holdings in companies and works in the areas of energy, environment and aeronautics. In 2021, the Perseverance rover lands on Mars with SENER Aerospace technology on board.

Passamaquoddy

The Passamaquoddy are Native Americans and First Nation from New Brunswick and Maine. They are closely related to the Penobscot. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands. Their language is part of the Algonquian languages family. Their name means "pollock-spearer" or "those of the place where pollock are plentiful". They are part of the Wabanaki Confederacy. The US Government recognizes Passamaquoddy Tribe as a tribe.

Passamaquoddy had oral history. This means they spoke about their past history and family stories. They also made pictures and drawings. They lived more inland during winter and hunted in the winter. In the summer, they stayed near the coast. Here they went fishing. Passamaquoddy were involved in the fur trade. They were independent. They also had peaceful relations with French and English for many decades. Many Passamaquoddy died from European diseases. Settlers forced Natives off the land. The Passamaquoddy supported the Americans in the American Revolution. After the war, the Natives were only allowed to stay in the Indian Township Reservation in Washington County, Maine (Treaty of 1794). 

Maps showing the approximate locations of areas occupied by members of the Wabanaki Confederacy (from north to south):

Mormedi

Mormedi is a strategic design and innovation consultancy. The company was founded in 1998 by Jaime Moreno. Throughout its history, Mormedi got numerous design awards, such as the International Forum Design Awards (iF), Red Dot, German Design Awards8, and GOOD design awards.

Swan goose

The swan goose ("Anser cygnoides") is a bird in the Anatidae family.

Baja California chorus frog

The Baja chorus frog, Baja California tree frog, or Baja California chorus frog ("Pseudacris hypochondriaca") is a frog. It lives in the United States and Mexico. It lives in California, Arizona, Nevada, and Baja California.

Some scientists think this is the same species as "Pseudacris regilla" but other scientists do not. In 2006, a team of scientists led by Recuero studied the mitochondrial DNA of frogs called "Pseudacris regilla" and decided that they should be considered three species: "Pseudacris regilla" in northern California, "Pseudacris sierra" in southern California, and "Pseudacris hypochondriaca" in Baja California. But other scientists say Recuero did not collect enough information. In 2016, another team of scientists, Duellman, Marion, and Hedges, said that this frog should be in the genus "Hyliola" instead of the genus "Pseudacris".

There are two subspecies of this frog: "Pseudacris regilla curta" is called the Cape St. Lucas tree frog, California Pacific tree frog, San Lucas Chorus tree frog, and San Lucas chorus frog. "Pseudacris hypochondriaca hypochondriaca" is called the San Lucan tree frog and Northern Baja California tree frog. "Pseudacris regilla deserticola" is called the desert tree frog.

Telefe Tucumán

Telefe Tucumán was a television station broadcasting on analog channel 8 in San Miguel de Tucumán, the capital of the Argentine province of Tucumán. It was an owned-and-operated station of the Telefe television network.

On January 31, 2023, the sale of the channel to Grupo Televisión Litoral, owner of channels 3 in Rosario and 6 in Bariloche, became official, for which the channel once again adopted the name of Channel 8, becoming an affiliate of Telefe. 

The original network closed on February 1, 2023.

Gregoria Apaza

Gregoria Apaza (June 23 1751– September 5 1782), was an indigenous leader in Bolivia. 


Prostitution in Bangladesh

Prostitution is legal and regulated in Bangladesh. Bangladeshi prostitutes often suffer poor social conditions and are frequently socially degraded.

Prostitution is legal in Bangladesh, but the Bangladesh constitution provides that the "State shall endeavor to prevent gambling and prostitution." Various provisions of different laws prohibit child prostitution, forced prostitution, solicitation and the keeping of unlicensed brothels.


Penobscot

The Penobscot (Abenaki: "Pαnawάhpskewi") are Native Americans and First Nation from the Northeastern Woodlands. Their language is part of the Algonquian language family. They are part of the Wabanaki Confederacy. The US government recognizes the "Penobscot Nation" as a tribe. They are in the regions of Maine, Atlantic provinces and Quebec. Their name means "the people of where the white rocks extend out." 

The Penobscot did hunting. They moved for different seasons. They traveled in birch bark canoes. They hunted and fished at different times of the year. They joined the fur trade. They traded furs and got goods like alcohol. Many Natives died from European diseases. They were not immune to these diseases. Penobscot encountered French in Canada and English in New England. They supported the Americans in the American Revolution. However, Americans began to push Penobscot off their lands. They were forced onto reservations. At the turn of the 19th century, the Penobscot gave up most of their land to Massachusetts. They could only stay on the Penobscot Indian Island Reservation. The tribe has sued the state of Maine several times. These have included issues like the right to hunt and land claims.
Penobscot made baskets. They used sweet grass, brown ash, and birch bark. Baskets became more decorative with European trade. 

For the Penobscot, the lands have spiritual importance. Religion was closely connected to land. The landscape was part of a larger cosmology. Thus, land was very important for the Penobscot. A key figure in legends is Klose-kur-beh (Gluskbe). He gives the Natives practical and spiritual knowledge. He is as old as creation. According to Penobscot cosmology, Gluskbe warned about the greed and lust of white men. Animals and plants also had spiritual elements. Natives converted to Christianity when Europeans arrived.
Maps showing the approximate locations of areas occupied by members of the Wabanaki Confederacy (from north to south):

Santoso Hoerip

Santoso Hoerip was a tennis player from Semarang, the Dutch East Indies. He was one of the best Indonesian tennis players in his era.

In 1938 he became national doubles champion with his brother and national mixed doubles champion with his sister. In 1939 he became again national doubles champion.

Also after World War II he continued winning tennis Championships.

Hoerip was specialized in the volley tennis technique.

In 1953 he moved to Caïro where he worked at the Indonesian embassy.

Hoerip came from a tennis family that founded the the Indonesian Lawn Tennis Association. Both his brothers Samboedjo Hoerip and his older brother Soemadi Hoerip and sister Soelastri Hoerip played tennis. At the 1938 and 1939 Java championships, most prizes were won by the Hoerip family.


Religious nationalism

Religious nationalism are the relations of nationalism attached to a particular religious belief system, dogma, or an affiliation of some kind.

There are two parts of religious nationalism: Religion becoms more political. and it has a bigger influence on politics.

Examples for religious nationalism can be the Eastern Orthodox Churches: Usually, there is one such church per county, and there is one heas of the church by country. 

Pequot

The Pequot () are Native Americans from Connecticut. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands. Their language is the extinct Mohegan-Pequot language. It is part of the Algonquian language family. The Pequot used to be with the Mohegan. They fought against colonists in the Pequot War (1634–1638). Many were killed. The Mashantucket Pequot Tribe was created in 1975. The tribe runs the Foxwoods Resort Casino since 1986. Other recognized tribes of the Pequot today include Eastern Pequot Tribal Nation, Mohegan Tribe, Schaghticoke Tribal Nation and Golden Hill Paugussett Indian Nation.

There is debate about the meaning of the name Pequot. 

The Pequot have lived thousands of year on the land in present-day Connecticut. In parts of Connecticut the tribe had a strong presence. 

Many Pequot died from European diseases like smallpox. They were not immune to these diseases. 

At first, the Pequot and Dutch were just the main players in the region. They were involved in the fur trade. The English came later and brought unbalance. Tension between Natives and the English developed. The Pequot killed a English colonists in Connecticut. This led to the Pequot War. The Narragansett and Mohegan allied with the English colonists. The Pequot were successful in the beginning. Eventually, the Connecticut armies began a total war. The colonists killed many Pequot. Colonists and Native allies destroyed the Pequot village Mistick. This event is often called the Mistick Massacre. The Pequot lost their control and power of the land. They were forced onto reservations. Many are sold into slavery. 

In 1976, Pequot sued North Stonington for illegal land purchase. The US government later recognized the Mashantucket Pequot tribe and gave the tribe land. The tribe built the Foxwoods Resort Casino in 1992. 

In the 21st century, Pequot have been trying to bring back the lost language. 

Liep-Tjauw Tan

Liep-Tjauw Tan was an Indonesian tennis player from Jakarta.

Liep-Tjauw Tan became national champion in 1951.

He competed at the 1953 Wimbledon Championships and 1955 Wimbledon Championships. In 1955 he was beaten in the first round. After becoming singles champion in 1953, he competed at the 1954 Asian Championships in Manilla.

He married to an Indonesian tennis champion.


The Eyes Have It (movie)

The Eyes Have It is an American animated short movie. It was released on March 30, 1945.

Gene Visscher

Gene Visscher (November 23, 1940 – August 6, 2022) was an American college basketball coach. He was the head coach at Weber State University from 1971 to 1974 and at Northern Arizona University from 1981 to 1983.

Visscher died in Michigan on August 6, 2022 at the age of 81.

Andrew McCarthy

Andrew Thomas McCarthy (born November 29, 1962) is an American actor, travel writer, and television director. He is known for his roles in "St. Elmo's Fire", "Pretty in Pink", and "Less Than Zero". He also directed many episodes of "Orange Is the New Black" for Netflix.


Manchu Empire

Manchu Empire may mean:


Teresa Gallagher

Teresa Gallagher (born March 1, 1971) is an American-born British actress. She is the voice of Nicole Watterson in "The Amazing World of Gumball", Gelatin and Paige King in "Destiny's Side" and Lucy Elektra in "CyberAdult Girls".

69th FIFA Congress

The 69th FIFA Congress was held in Paris expo Porte de Versailles in Paris, France, on 5 June 2019.

Drop Zone (movie)

Drop Zone is a 1994 American action thriller movie directed by John Badham and starring Wesley Snipes, Yancy Butler, Gary Busey, Malcolm-Jamal Warner, Rex Linn, Mickey Jones, Michael Jeter. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Ronivaldo (footballer)

Ronivaldo Bernardo Sales (born 24 March 1989) is a Brazilian professional footballer. He plays as a forward for Blau-Weiß Linz. 
He started his career with Náutico Capibaribe in Brazil. In 2013 he came to Austria. He played for SV Kapfenberg in Austrias Second League. In 57 matches he scored 27 goals for Kapfenberg.

In summer 2015 he went to FK Austria Wien in the Austrian Bundesliga.Due to severe injuries he could not play for the first team. After the recovery he played eight matches for the second team. From 2017 to 2020 he played for SC Austria Lustenau where he scored in 78 matches 68 goals.

On 10 July 2020, he signed with Wacker Innsbruck. After the relegation of Wacker Innsbruck due to financial problems he went to Blau-Weiß Linz.

Individual

Kumar Khadka

Kumar Khadka () is a Nepali politician of Nepali Congress and Minister in Gandaki government since 12 June 2021. 

2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress

The 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress was held at the Hallenstadion in Zürich, Switzerland, on 26 February 2016. This special session of the FIFA Congress was called as a result of the 2015 FIFA corruption case. The session included the passage of a major statutory reforms proposal as well as the election of Gianni Infantino to replace Sepp Blatter as the President of FIFA.

Cirsa

Cirsa is a Spanish gaming and leisure company founded in 1978 and one of the world leaders in the sector. It has more than 14,000 employees and 212 companies present in more than 70 countries. In 2010 it had 88 bingo halls , 30 casinos and more than 50,000 operating gaming machines. In 2017 it has an approximate volume of 150 casinos. It was bought by Blackstone Group in 2018.

Grupo Caliente

Grupo Caliente one of the biggest gambling entities in Mexico and also a big player in Austria, Brazil, Ecuador, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, Venezuela and the Caribbean.

Gerald Scheiblehner

Gerald Scheiblehner (born 25 February 1977) is a former Austrian football player. He is the current manager of FC Blau-Weiß Linz in the Second Austrian League. 
He started in the youth of SK VÖEST Linz. His only professional club was FK Austria Wien. After this he played for SK Eintracht Wels and SV Wallern.

After he ended his career he became coach of ASKÖ Donau Linz in the 4th league. 2014 he became coach of Union St. Florian in the Regionalliga (3rd level). From 2015 to 2019 he trained SK Vorwärts Steyr. In 2018 the club was promoted to the Second League. 2019/20 he became coach of FC Juniors OÖ. After he was fired in 2021, he became coach of FC Blau-Weiß Linz. 

A Change Would Do You Good

"A Change Would Do You Good" is a 1997 song by American country rock singer Sheryl Crow and taken from her 1996 self-titled album. It went to number 2 in Canada and number 8 in the United Kingdom. The music video pays homage to 1960s fantasy sitcom series Bewitched.




Kamen Rider Geats

Kamen Rider Geats is a Japanese tokusatsu drama "Kamen Rider" series. Super Hero Time joined "Avataro Sentai Donbrothers" and later, "Ohsama Sentai King-Ohger".





You Make My Dreams

"You Make My Dreams" is a 1981 song by American duo Hall & Oates and taken from their ninth album "Voices" and reached the top five in the United States.

Gabon women's national football team

The Gabon women's national football team is the national women's football team of Gabon and is administered by the Gabonese Football Federation. They are yet to compete at the FIFA Women's World Cup and the African Women's Championship.

Boreal chorus frog

The boreal chorus frog or western marsh frog ("Pseudacris maculata") is a frog. It lives in North America. It lives in Saskatchewan and the Northwest Territories in Canada and in Wisconsin, Idaho, Montana, Utah, Arizona, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Illinois, Missouri, and Indiana in the United States.

India at the 1994 Commonwealth Games

<templatestyles src="Module:Infobox/styles.css"></templatestyles>
India has participated in the Commonwealth Games in 1994 at Victoria, British Columbia for 11th time. They ranked 6th in the final medal list.

Togo national under-20 football team

The Togo national under-20 football team is a U-20 football team of Togo and have been to the 1987 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Chile.

DNS zone

A DNS zone is a specific portion of the DNS namespace in the Domain Name System (DNS). It is managed by a specific organization or administrator. A DNS zone allows for more control of the DNS components, such as authoritative nameserver.

The DNS is broken up into many different zones. They are distinctly managed areas in its namespace. However, a DNS zone can contain several subdomains. Multiple DNS zones can exist on the same server.

A DNS zone is implemented in the configuration system of a domain name server. Historically, it is defined in the zone file, an operating system text file that starts with the special DNS record type "Start of Authority" (SOA) and contains all records for the resources described within the zone.

Mao

Mao may refer to:

Pocomtuc

The Pocumtuc (also Pocomtuck or Deerfield Indians) were a Native American tribe from Massachusetts. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands culture. Their language was part of the Algonquian language family. They farmed the Three Sisters (maize, beans, and squash). They also did hunting and fishing along the Connecticut River. Many Pocumtuc died from European diseases. Many also died from wars with colonists. The Pocumtuc allied with the Tunxis and Narragansett against the Mohegan and the Pequot. In King Philip's War, they fought against English colonists. The Pocumted eventually fled to New York. They later moved to Quebec and the West. They joined Abenaki tribes in Canada. Today, many descendants of Pocumtuc live in New Hampshire, Vermont, and Canada. 

Powhatan people

The Powhatan people (; also spelled Powatan, also known as Virginia Algonquians) are a Native American group historically from eastern Virginia. They were part of the Powhatan Confederacy or "Tsenacommacah." The confederacy was made of 30 tribes. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands culture. Their language is part of the Algonquian language family. Famous people are the chief Powhatan and his daughter Pocahontas. The Powhatans had conflicts with the people of the Jamestown, Virginia settlement. The US government and Virginia recognize several Powhatan tribes. 

The Powhatan Confederacy was made up of about 30 tribes: 

Accohanock, Accomac, Cantaunkack, Chepecho, Chesapeake, Chiskiak, Cuttawomans, Kecoughtan, Kiskiack, Mattehatique, Moraughtacund, Mummapacune, Nantaughtacunds, Onaumanients, Opiscopank, Orapaks, Paraconos, Paspahegh, Pataunck, Piankatank, Pissasecs, Portobaccoes, Powchyicks, Quiyoughcohannock, Secacawone, Shamapa, Tappahannocks, Tauxenent, Totas-Chees, Warraskoyack, Werowocomoco, Westmoreland County Appomatux, & Wicocomoco

Wahunsenacawh or Powhatan was a famous chief of The Powhatan people. He created the Powhatan Confederacy. The first six tribes included the Powhatan (proper), the Arrohateck, the Appamattuck, the Pamunkey, the Mattaponi, and the Chiskiack. His daughter was the well-known Pocahontas. The Powhatan is also the highest chief. The "weroance" (leader, commander) was below The Powhatan. The Powhatan people called their land "Tsenacommacah" ("densely inhabited Land").

The British first settled in Jamestown, Virginia in 1607. They were with Captain Christopher Newport. There was conflict right away. John Smith was the first English colonist to see Powhatan. He was a captive of the Powhatan people. According to Smith, Pocahontas saved him. Colonists needed the Powhatans as allies. The colonists needed the Powhtatan for survival and to know the lands. 

Natives attacked the Jamestown settlement several times. Conflicts with the colonists included the Anglo–Powhatan Wars (1622-1646). There were three stages to war. Wahunsenacawh died in 1618. With the new chief Opchanacanough, there were more conflicts with colonists. The third and last Powhatan War ended in 1646. Opchanacanough was captured and the Powhatan Confederacy fell. 

Many Powhatans died from war and European diseases. They were not immune to these diseases. Virginia colonists got black slaves. Slaves that escaped often joined the Powhatans. After Bacon's Rebellion, colonists also enslaved Native Americans.

In the 20th century, Walter Plecker tried to get rid of all Virginian Indian records. All state documents of American Indians in Virginia were lost. Some have called this a "paper genocide".

Today, Virginia recognizes eight tribes from the Powhatan people. The Mattaponi and Pamunkey are the only original tribes from the 17th century. Some Powhatans have moved to New Jersey and Delaware. At first, the US Government did not recognize any tribes. In 2018, the Chickahominy, the Eastern Chickahominy, the Upper Mattaponi, the Rappahannock, the Monacan, and the Nansemond tribes got federal recognition.


Mario Teaches Typing

Mario Teaches Typing is an educational video game created by Interplay Entertainment. The title was sold only in the United States in 1992 and later in the UK in 1993. The game is designed to teach players how to type.

Steve Fountain from the Evening Sentinel reviewed the CD-ROM/Windows version of the game, saying that "Mario Teaches Typing is less fun than a normal computer game, but a whole lot better than ploughing through a dull typing manual" (simple words: Mario Teaches Typing is not as fun as a normal computer game, but much better than reading through a boring keyboard instruction book).

The game sold more than 800,000 copies.

Antônio, Prince Imperial of Brazil

Antônio of Orléans-Braganza (born 24 June 1950, Rio de Janeiro) is a member of the Imperial House of Brazil and the Prince Imperial of Brazil according to the disputed claims of the Imperial Family's Vassouras branch, being the second in the line line of succession to the Brazilian throne as heir to his elder brother Bertrand, Prince of Brazil. 

He came from the younger branch, known as the branch of Vassouras, of the House of Orléans-Braganza and, for Brazilian monarchists who were supporters of this branch, he occupies second place in the order of succession to the extinct throne of Brazil, after his brother, Bertrand, Prince of Brazil.


Fletcher, Vermont

Fletcher is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Franklin, Vermont

Franklin is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Georgia, Vermont

Georgia is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Highgate, Vermont

Highgate is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Montgomery, Vermont

Montgomery is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Richford, Vermont

Richford is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Sheldon, Vermont

Sheldon is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

St. Albans (town), Vermont

St. Albans is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Swanton (town), Vermont

Swanton is a town in Franklin County, Vermont, United States.

Alburgh (town), Vermont

Alburgh is a town in Grand Isle County, Vermont, United States.

Grand Isle, Vermont

Grand Isle is a town in Grand Isle County, Vermont, United States.

South Hero, Vermont

South Hero is a town in Grand Isle County, Vermont, United States.

Belvidere, Vermont

Belvidere is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Cambridge, Vermont

Cambridge is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Eden, Vermont

Eden is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Elmore, Vermont

Elmore is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Johnson, Vermont

Johnson is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Stowe, Vermont

Stowe is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Waterville, Vermont

Waterville is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Wolcott, Vermont

Wolcott is a town in Lamoille County, Vermont, United States.

Bradford, Vermont

Bradford is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.

Dreaming (Blondie song)

"Dreaming" is a 1979 song by American band Blondie and is the opening track from their fourth album "Eat to the Beat". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in Canada, number 3 in Ireland, number 6 in Norway, number 9 in New Zealand and number 27 in the United States.

Armeniac Theme

The Armeniac Theme (Greek: Ἀρμενιακόν [θέμα], Armeniakoi [thema]), more properly the Theme of the Armeniacs (Greek: θέμα Ἀρμενιακῶν, thema Armeniakōi) was a Eastern Roman province located in northeastern Asia Minor. 

Symphony in C major (Wagner)

The Symphony in C Major a symphony by Richard Wagner. It is the only complete symphony written by him. It was written in 1832.

The symphony has four movements: 

Symphony No. 39 (Haydn)

Symphony No. 39 is a symphony written by Joseph Haydn. It was written in 1765. It is written in the "Sturm und Drang" style.

The symphony is written for two oboes, four horns, and strings. It has four movements:

Maralinga

Located in South Australia, Maralinga was a site used by the British government to assess nuclear warhead capabilities between 1952-1963. This was authorised by the prime minister of the time, Sir. Robert Menzies. This anglophile facilitated the British government's Cold War paranoia. 
Referred to as "Section 400" this secret operation exposed surrounding Indigenous communities to radiation by contaminating the soil and water sources. Walter MacDougal, who threatened to go to the press, was tasked with searching 100, 000km by car to alert local Aboriginals, of the dangers, in some cases forcing them to leave their home. Despite this over one thousand Indigenous people were exposed to radiation, alternatively known as "black mist" by the locals.
The radiation was evaluated in a report in 1985 when the government took measures to begin resettling the town. In response to this the British Government sent ₤20 in reparations to the Australian government who provided the local Aboriginal community with $13.5 million AUD in compensation.

The town was returned to the Tjarutja people in November 2009, over half a century since the testing began.

Becca Balint

Rebecca A. Balint (born May 4, 1968) is an American educator, writer, and politician who is a member of the United States House of Representatives from Vermont's at-large congressional district since 2023. She was a member of the Vermont Senate as a member of the Democratic Party from 2015 to 2023. She was also the President pro tempore of the Vermont Senate from 2021 to 2023. She was the Majority Leader in the state senate from 2017 to 2021.

In December 2021, Balint announced her candidacy for the United States House of Representatives for Vermont's at-large congressional district in the 2022 election. She won the Democratic nomination in August 2022. She won the general election in November 2022.

Balint is openly lesbian.

Mary Peltola

Mary Sattler Peltola (Yup'ik: Akalleq; born August 31, 1973) is an American Democratic politician. Peltola is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Alaska's at-large congressional district since 2022. She is the first woman to represent Alaska in the U.S. House and the first Alaska Native in congress. 

Before, she was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 1999 to 2009. 

Peltola was a candidate for the United States House of Representatives for Alaska's at-large congressional district in the 2022 special election to fill in the vacancy of Don Young and in the November 2022 general election. She won the election on August 31, 2022, defeating former Governor Sarah Palin.

FBI search of Mar-a-Lago

On August 8, 2022, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) performed a search warrant at Mar-a-Lago, the personal residence of former U.S. president Donald Trump in Palm Beach, Florida. The search was about a safe owned by Trump that might have had classified documents from the White House when Trump was president.<ref name="Staff_8/9/2022"></ref> Trump was at Trump Tower in New York City during the search.

The White House said that President Joe Biden did not know about the search before it happened.<ref name="Quinn_8/9/2022"></ref>

Many Republicans including Marco Rubio, Ron DeSantis, Mike Pence, Marjorie Taylor Greene and Kevin McCarthy and some Democrats including Tulsi Gabbard, Andrew Cuomo and Andrew Yang did not support the FBI raid and criticized the FBI.

Hiroshi Ōtake

Ōtake died on August 1, 2022 from heart failure at the age of 90.

Deputy President of Kenya

The deputy president of Kenya is the second most powerful politician in the Kenyan government.

The deputy president is the main assistant of the president. Before 2010, the deputy president was known as the vice president. While the vice president was appointed by the president, the deputy president is elected with the President of Kenya.

Issey Miyake

"Issey Miyake" died on 5 August 2022 from liver cancer in Tokyo, Japan at the age of 84.

Peter Schowtka

Peter Georg Schowtka (; 7 January 1945 – 5 August 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the Landtag of Saxony from 1991 to 2014.

Schowtka died on 5 August 2022 at the age of 77.

Tim Michels

Timothy James Michels (born August 7, 1962) is an American politician and businessman. He co-owns and co-manages Michels Corporation. He was the Republican Party nominee for Governor of Wisconsin in the 2022 election, however lost to Governor Tony Evers.

Michels was the Republican nominee for United States Senator in 2004, however lost to Senator Russ Feingold.

Lomira, Wisconsin

Lomira is a village in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 2,430 at the 2010 census.

Brownsville, Wisconsin

Brownsville is a village in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 581 at the 2010 census.

Sara Rodriguez

Sara Rodriguez (born July 25, 1975) is an American registered nurse, health care executive, and Democratic politician who is the Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin since 2023. She was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from 2021 to 2023. 

In November 2021, she announced her candidacy for Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin in the 2022 election. She won the nomination in the August 2022 primary.

Biyi Bandele

Biyi Bandele (born Biyi Bandele-Thomas; 13 October 1967 – 7 August 2022) was a Nigerian novelist, playwright and director. Bandele was born in Kafanchan, Nigeria. He directed the 2013 movie "Half of a Yellow Sun" and the 2022 Netflix series "Blood Sisters". 

Bandele died in Lagos, Nigeria on 7 August 2022 at the age of 54.


Brian Holland

Brian Holland (born February 15, 1941) is an American songwriter and record producer. He was best known as a member of Holland–Dozier–Holland. He also wrote many popular songs that were sung by Martha and the Vandellas, The Supremes, The Four Tops, and The Isley Brothers. 

Eddie Holland

Edward Holland Jr. (born October 30, 1939) is an American singer-songwriter, and record producer. He was a member of Holland–Dozier–Holland. He wrote many popular songs that were sung by Martha and the Vandellas, The Supremes, The Four Tops, and The Isley Brothers.

Holland also wrote the songs for the "First Wives Club" musical.

Lamont Dozier

Lamont Herbert Dozier (; June 16, 1941 – August 8, 2022) was an American singer-songwriter and record producer. He was a member of the Holland–Dozier–Holland group.

Dozier wrote the song "Two Hearts" for the movie soundtrack for "Buster". "Two Hearts" received a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song nomination, an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Song; and a Grammy Award for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television. 

Collins and Dozier also co-wrote "Loco in Acapulco" for The Four Tops".

Dozier and the Holland brothers were honored into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1990.

Dozier died at his home near Scottsdale, Arizona on August 8, 2022, at the age of 81.

Mario Fiorentini

Mario Fiorentini (7 November 1918 – 9 August 2022) was an Italian partisan, spy, mathematician, and academic. He was a professor of geometry at the University of Ferrara. He helped an assault mission at Regina Coeli prison and took part in the organization of the attack in via Rasella. He was Italy's most decorated World War II partisan.

Fiorentini died on 9 August 2022 at a hospital in Rome, Italy at the age of 103.

Mick Jones (footballer, born 1947)

Michael Jones (24 March 1947 – 9 August 2022) was an English professional footballer and manager.

Jones started his career as a central defender for Derby County. He later began playing with Notts County in 1969. He also played for Peterborough United.

Jones died on 9 August 2022 at the age of 75.

Rudi Koertzen

Rudolf Eric Koertzen (; 26 March 1949 – 9 August 2022) was a South African international cricket umpire. He began umpiring in 1981. He later became a full-time official eleven years later. He was born in Knysna, South Africa.

Koertzen was killed in a car crash near Riversdale, South Africa on 9 August 2022 at the age of 73.

Alberto Orzan

Alberto Orzan (; 24 July 1931 – 9 August 2022) was an Italian footballer. He played as a defender. He played for the Italy national football team four times between 1956 to 1957.

Orzan died on 9 August 2022 in Florence, Italy at the age of 91.

San Lorenzo Isontino

San Lorenzo Isontino (, ) is a "comune" (municipality) in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It is about northwest of Trieste and about west of Gorizia.

Holland–Dozier–Holland

Holland–Dozier–Holland was a songwriting and production team made up of Lamont Dozier and brothers Brian and Eddie Holland. They wrote many songs that made the Motown sound in the 1960s. 

They were known for producing albums and writing songs for the Four Tops and the Supremes, including 10 out of the Supremes' 12 US No. 1 singles, such as "Baby Love", "Stop! In the Name of Love", and "You Keep Me Hangin' On".

Nikolay Slyunkov

Nikolay Nikitich Slyunkov () (26 April 1929 – 9 August 2022) was a Belarusian politician. He was first secretary of the Communist Party of the Byelorussian SSR during the Soviet Union. 

Slyunkov died on 9 August 2022 in Minsk, Belarus at the age of 93.

You Are the Woman

You Are the Woman is a 1976 song by country rock band Firefall and taken from their self-titled album. It went to the top 10 in the United States and top 20 in Canada and New Zealand.

Maya Thevar

Karuppu Maya Thevar (15 October 1934 – 9 August 2022) was an Indian politician. He was a Member of Parliament for the Lok Sabha from Tamil Nadu from 1973 to 1984. He was born in Usilampatti, then-British India. He was a member of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.

Thevar died on 9 August 2022 in Chinnalapatti, India from cardiac arrest at the age of 87.

Miles Warren

Sir Frederick Miles Warren (10 May 1929 – 9 August 2022) was a New Zealand architect. He created the architecture firm Warren and Mahoney. He was known for designing buildings in Christchurch such as Christchurch Town Hall, Dorset St Flats, Harewood Crematorium and the College House.

Warren died on 9 August 2022 in Christchurch at the age of 93.

Stig Anderson

Stig Erik Leopold Anderson (25 January 1931 – 12 September 1997), better known as Stikkan Anderson, was a Swedish music manager, lyricist and music publisher. He was the co-founder of Polar Music. He was best known for managing the Swedish pop band ABBA.

On 12 September 1997, at the age of 66, Anderson died of a heart attack in Stockholm.

Hushang Ebtehaj

Amir Hushang Ebtehaj (, with the pen name of H. E. Sayeh (, lit. "Shadow"); 25 February 192810 August 2022) was an Iranian-German poet. He wrote about Iran's political, cultural and literary culture and controversies.

After the 1979 Iranian Revolution, Sayeh spent a year in prison for his writings. In 1987, he moved to Cologne, Germany, with his family and lived there.

Ebtehaj died on 10 August 2022 in Cologne at the age of 94.


Debbie Lesko

Debra Kay Lesko (née Lorenz; born November 14, 1958) is an American politician. She is a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives, representing since 2018. 

Lesko was in the Arizona Senate from 2015 to 2018. She was president pro tempore of the Arizona Senate from 2017 to 2018. Lesko also was a member of Arizona House of Representatives from 2009 until 2015. 

She won the 2018 special election to replace retiring U.S. Representative Trent Franks.

Trent Franks

Trent Franks (born June 19, 1957) is a former American politician and businessman. He was the U.S. representative for from 2003 to 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party.

In December 2017, the House Ethics Committee announced that it would investigate allegations of sexual harassment against Franks. Franks had repeatedly asked two female staffers to have his children as surrogate mothers. After he resigned on December 7, 2017, U.S. Speaker Paul Ryan said the investigation found the claims to be "credible".

Cleft lip and cleft palate

A cleft lip is a birth defect. It is an opening in the upper lip that can expand into the nose. The opening may be on one side, both sides, or in the middle. A cleft palate happens when the palate has an opening into the nose.

The disorder can result in feeding problems, speech problems, hearing problems, and frequent ear infections. Less than half the time the condition is connected with other disorders.

It is a birth defect and may be caused by smoking and drinking alcohol during pregnancy. Other things connected to this are the age of the mother (older mothers are more likely to give birth to children with birth defects) and the sex of the child (cleft lip is twice as common in boys than in girls).

Prime Minister of Kenya

The Prime Minister of Kenya was a post in the Kenyan government. The first Prime Minister of Kenya was Jomo Kenyatta, who became Prime Minister in 1963. In 1964, Kenya became a republic; the post of Prime Minister was abolished. The post of Prime Minister was recreated in April 2008. The position was again abolished in 2013.

The last Prime Minister, Raila Odinga, was sworn in on 17 April 2008. He was Kenya's second Prime Minister.

Martha Karua

Martha Wangari Karua (; born 22 September 1957) is a Kenyan politician. She was Minister for Justice from 2005 to 2009. She also was a member of the National Assembly from 1993 to 2013.

Karua unsuccessfully ran for President of Kenya in 2013. She was picked to run for deputy president of presidential candidate Raila Odinga in the 2022 election. She would lose the election to the Ruto-Gachagua ticket in August 2022.

Robert Shwartzman

Robert Mikhailovich Shwartzman (; born 16 September 1999) is a Russo-Israeli racing driver.

Mohammad Fahad al-Qahtani

Mohammad Fahad Muflih al-Qahtani (, born 1965/1966) is a Saudi economics professor and co-founder of the Saudi Arabian human rights organization Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association (ACPRA). On 9 March 2013, al-Qahtani was sentenced to ten years in prison and ten years of travel ban.

In 2018, he was awarded the Right Livelihood Award. 

Kray twins

Ronald "Ronnie" Kray (24 October 193317 March 1995) and Reginald "Reggie" Kray (24 October 19331 October 2000), were identical twin brothers, gangsters and convicted criminals from Haggerston. They led organised crime from Bethnal Green in the East End of London, from the late 1950s to 1967. 

Their gang, "the Firm", committed murder, armed robbery, arson, protection rackets and assaults.

The Krays, who were homosexual, were protected by two leading homosexuals in Parliament: Robert Boothby (later Lord Boothby), a leading Conservative member, and Tom Driberg, a leading Labour Party member. This was at a time when sex between men was still a criminal offence in the UK. The facts were printed in the "Sunday Mirror".

Although no names were printed, the twins threatened investigating journalists. Boothby threatened to sue the newspaper with the help of Labour Party leader Harold Wilson's solicitor, Arnold Goodman. In the face of this, the "Sunday Mirror" backed down, sacking its editor, printing an apology and paying Boothby £40,000 in an out-of-court settlement. 

Because of this, other newspapers were unwilling to expose the Krays' connections and criminal activities. Decades later, Channel 4 established the truth of the allegations and released a documentary on the subject called "The Gangster and the Pervert Peer" (2009).

Eventually, Scotland Yard decided to arrest the Krays, hoping other witnesses would speak once the Krays were in custody. On 8 May 1968, the Krays and 15 other members of the Firm were arrested.

It was the longest murder hearing in the history of British criminal justice. Justice Melford Stevenson said of the sentences "I recommend [they] should not be less than thirty years". In March 1969, both were sentenced to life imprisonment, with a non-parole period of 30 years for the murders.

The Whistle Blower

The Whistle Blower is a 1986 British spy thriller movie directed by Simon Langton and was based on the 1984 novel by John Hale. It stars Michael Caine, Felicity Dean, John Gielgud, Nigel Havers, James Fox, Kenneth Colley, Gordon Jackson, Barry Foster, David Langton, Mark Powley.

Bestseller

A bestseller is a book or other media that is known for their top selling status, meaning they sold many copies. They are often seen on bestselling lists by newspapers, magazines, and bookstore chains. An author may also be called a bestseller if their work are seen on a bestseller list many times. Well-known bestseller lists in the U.S. are published by "Publishers Weekly", "USA Today", "The New York Times" and "The Washington Post".

List of best-selling books

Olimpiyskiy National Sports Complex

The Olympic National Sports Complex is a multi-use sports and recreation facility in Kyiv, Ukraine. It is located on the slopes of the city's central Cherepanova Hora, Pecherskyi District.

Leo McKern

Reginald "Leo" McKern, AO (16 March 1920 – 23 July 2002) was an Australian actor. He was known for his roles as Horace Rumpole on the British television series "Rumpole of the Bailey" and Carl Bugenhagen in "The Omen" and its .

He was also in "Help!" (1965), "A Man for All Seasons" (1966), "Ryan's Daughter" (1970), "The Blue Lagoon" (1980), "The French Lieutenant's Woman" (1981) and "Ladyhawke" (1985).

McKern died on 23 July 2002 at a nursing home in Bath, England from problems caused by diabetes at the age of 82.

Peter Rösel

Peter Rösel (born February 2, 1945 in Dresden) is a German concert pianist.


Helmut Senekowitsch

Helmut Senekowitsch ( 22 October 1933 – 9 September 2007) was an Austrian football player and later a football manager.

He played 354 matches and scored 119 goals for SK Sturm Graz, Real Betis, First Vienna FC and FC Wacker Innsbruck.

He played for the Austria national football team. In 1958 he played in the FIFA World Cup. He played 18 matches and scored 5 goals.

Senekowitsch later worked as a coach in different European countries like Germany (Eintracht Frankfurt), Greece ( Panathinaikos, Olympiacos , AEK Athens), Spain (Athletic Bilbao) and Austria (Grazer AK, VOEST Linz, Linzer ASK, First Vienna FC)
From 1976 to 1978 he was manager of the Austrian national football team. After 20 years Austria had qualified for the World Cup. In the 1978 FIFA World Cup the Austrian team advanced to the second round. The first match was a 1–5 loss against Netherlands being coached by his former teammate Ernst Happel. Later he led them during the game known as "The miracle of Córdoba" where they won 3:2 versus West Germany. It was the first victory since 47 years.

He died in September 2007 after a long illness.


Fernando Chalana

Fernando Albino de Sousa Chalana (; 10 February 1959 – 10 August 2022) was a Portuguese footballer and manager. Chalana was born in Barreiro, Portugal. He was known for his career with S.L. Benfica, playing with them from 1976 until 1984 and again from 1987 to 1990. Chalana also played for the national team from 1976 to 1988.

Chalana died on 10 August 2022 in Lisbon, Portugal at the age of 63.

The Seventh Curse

The Seventh Curse is a 1986 Hong Kong adventure horror movie directed by Lam Ngai Kai and is based on series of books by Ni Kuang. It stars Chow Yun-fat, Chin Siu-ho, Dick Wei, Maggie Cheung, Sibelle Hu, Elvis Tsui, Chor Yuen, Kara Hui.


Vesa-Matti Loiri

Vesa-Matti "Vesku" Loiri (4 January 1945 – 10 August 2022) was a Finnish actor, musician and comedian. Loiri was known for his role as the main character in "Uuno Turhapuro". Other movie roles include "The Boys", "Sign of the Beast" and "Bad Boys". A flute player, he represented Finland at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1980. Loiri was born in Helsinki, Finland.

Loiri, who had diabetes, was diagnosed with pancreatic and stomach cancer in January 2022. He died from the cancers on 10 August 2022 at a Helsinki hospital, aged 77.

Annie Salamun

Annie Salamun is an Indonesian athlete from Bandung. She was a member of athletics club Peratib in Bandung and represented Indonesia at internationally. She was the first Indonesian sportsperson to win a medal at the Asian Games in 1951 in the discus throw.

Salamun won the discus throw af the inaugural 1948 Indonesian National Sports Week in with a distance of 25.52 metres.

In December 1950 the Indonesian national athletics competitions took place that was also used as qualification for the 1951 Asian Games. With a distance of 26.16 metres she won the discus throw event ahead of Sihwarini. As a preperation for the 1951 Asian Games she went with the national team on a training camp in Djokja in January 1951. She was official selected for the Games in February 1951 and was one of the 17 Indonesian athletics competitors.

At the 1951 Asian Games she won the bronze medal in the discus throw with a distance of 25.43 metres, far behind Japanese Toyoko Yoshino and Fumi Kojima. She threw twice further, but these throws were invalid. This medal at the fifth day of the Games was the first medal for Indonesia at the Asian Games.

At the 1951 National Sports Week she finished second in the discus throw from Saleh who also took her competition record.

Wounded Game

Wounded Game () is a 1977 Russian World War II drama movie directed by Nikolai Gubenko (who also stars) and also starring Juozas Budraitis, Aleksandr Kalyagin, Zhanna Bolotova, Rolan Bykov, Bukhuti Zaqariadze, Evgeni Evstigneev.

Days of Glory (1944 movie)

Days of Glory is a 1944 American World War II romantic drama movie directed by Jacques Tourneur and starring Tamara Toumanova, Gregory Peck, Alan Reed, Maria Palmer, Lowell Gilmore, Hugo Haas, Glen Vernon. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1945.


Spotted chorus frog

Clark's tree frog, Clark's striped tree frog, or the spotted chorus frog ("Pseudacris clarkii") is a frog. It lives in North America. It lives in Kansas, Oklahoma, and Texas in the United States and in Tamaulipas in Mexico.

International Physics Olympiad

The International Physics Olympiad (IPhO) is a physics competition for secondary school students and is one of the International Olympiads. The main aim of IPhO is to test the highest level of knowledge, critical thinking, problem solving, right practices of presentation and analysis, and hands-on skills in theoretical and experimental physics. 

The first IPhO was organized by Prof. Czesław Ścisłowski in Warsaw (Poland) in 1967. Since then, the Olympiad has been organized annually in different countries as a 9-10-days competition wherein national teams comprising a maximum of five of their best physics students and two team leaders participate.

International Olympiad in Informatics

The International Olympiad in Informatics (IOI) is one of the International Science Olympiads. Its primary goal is to stimulate interest in informatics (computing science) and information technology. Another important goal is to bring together exceptionally talented pupils from various countries and to have them share scientific and cultural experiences. Several International Olympiads in Informatics have been organized so far, hosted by a number of different countries.

My Way

My Way may refer to:


Wappinger

The Wappinger () were a Native American people group from southern New York and western Connecticut. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands culture. The main center was in Dutchess County, New York. Their language was part of the Algonquian language family. They spoke the Munsee language of the Lenape people. The Wappinger Totem was the “enchanted wolf”. The groups formed loose bands. They were allies with other tribes in the Northeast, like the Mohican and the Montaukett. The Dutch Henry Hudson was the first to record these people. War with colonists and European diseases weakened the Wappinger. Some of the last Wappinger lived in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. Daniel Nimham was the last sachem of the Wappinger. Descendants of the Wappinger moved to Shawano County, Wisconsin.

There is no clear translation for the name Wappinger. There are many different spellings for the Wappinger. They include: 

Wappink, Wappings, Wappingers, Wappingoes, Wawpings, Pomptons, Wapings, Opings, Opines, Massaco, Menunkatuck,Naugatuck, Nochpeem, Wangunk Wappans, Wappings, Wappinghs, Wapanoos, Wappanoos, Wappinoo, Wappenos, Wappinoes, Wappinex, Wappinx, Wapingeis, Wabinga, Wabingies, Wapingoes, Wapings, Wappinges, Wapinger and Wappenger.

The Wappinger spoke a dialect of Munsee. This was also the language of the Lenape. 

Wappinger ate different types of food. They went hunting and fishing. They gathered fruits, flowers, seeds, roots, nuts and honey. They also did agriculture. Plants included the Three Sisters (corn, beans, squash). The Wappinger included many bands with chiefs (sachem). 

The first contact with Europeans was in 1609. Henry Hudson reached the area with his "Half Boot" ship. One officer of the "Half Boot" wrote about the Wappinger. He said the Wappinger brought goods to these first Europeans. He also said they were well dressed and wore furs and skins. The colonist David Pieterz De Vries wrote that the Wappinger had facial paints, wore animal skins and had long black hair. 

The Dutch convinced the Eastern Wappinger to sell their lands. The Dutch killed many Wappinger in the Pavonia Massacre (1643) The rest of the Wappinger resisted the Dutch. They fought the Dutch in Kieft's War (1643-1645). In 1644, the Dutch killed more than 500 Wappinger in the Pound Ridge Massacre. The Dutch were allied with the Mohawks and defeated the Wappinger in 1645.

In 1655, the Wappinger fought the Dutch in the short Peach Tree War (1655). After this war, many Wappinger left their territories and the confederation fell apart. They went to Stockbridge, Massachusetts. This was a praying town. These were towns that colonists created to convert Natives to Christianity. 

The Dutch Philipse Family purchased land from the chiefs of the Wappinger. This land was bought in the Philipse Patent. Wappinger sued to get the land back. They did not get their land back. 

Daniel Ninham (1726-1778) was the last chief (sachem) of the Wappinger. He went to England to the king. He asked for land rights and better treatement of Natives. The English had some understanding for the chief. However, they did not give land. The treatment of the Natives also did not change. 

Daniel Nimham and Wappinger supported Americans in the American Revolution. After the war, the Wappinger moved to Oneida County, New York. They were with the Mohican and Oneida people. Later Wappinger mostly intermarried. 

In the 19th century, the Wappinger were forced to leave their land and move to Wisconsin. This is now a reservation for the Stockbridge-Munsee Nation. The US Government recognizes this nation. The tribe runs casino business here.

The following is a list of the Wappinger bands and their present-day locations. 


Domestication of animals

During the Neolithic period humans started domesticating animals. Remains of animal bones at Neolithic sites tells us what animals were domesticated. with the domestication of animals like oxen, pigs and sheep, there was a regular supply of meat and the herders were able to keep well fed.

Dogs were first domesticated by hunters and gatherers of wild food plants in Central Asia at least 15,000 years ago. This was the first successful domestication of animals, including goats, cattle, and other species, as well as plants.

Animal domestication in the Neolithic period, like plant domestication, involved artificial selection: how humans bred certain species based on the characteristics they desired to pass on to the next generation. In this way, humans domesticated dogs, sheep, goats, and cattle, which over time became distinct from their wild ancestors and relatives.

Daniel Nimham

Daniel Nimham (also Ninham) (1726–1778) was the last chief (sachem) of the Wappinger Native Americans. Ninham learned English and served in the British military during King George's War. He moved to Stockbridge, Massachusetts by 1758. He often returned to Dutchess County, New York. This was where his ancestors had lived. He went to courts to defend the rights of Natives. In a New York Court, Ninham argued that Adolphus Philipse's purchase of Wappinger land was fraud. He and other chiefs went to England to get back this land and to fight for his cause. Ninham was a soldier for the Americans in the American Revolution. He was part of the Stockbridge Militia. His son Abraham Nimham led this militia. This was a Native American militia. Today, there are many sites named after Ninham and a few statues of Ninham in New York. 

Adalberto Costa Júnior

Adalberto Costa Júnior (born 8 May 1962) is an Angolan politician. He is the current president of UNITA and a member of the National Assembly of Angola. He was the godson of Jonas Savimbi. In November 2019, Júnior was elected as president of the UNITA, ending Isaías Samakuva's 16-year term.

Surjowati

Surjowati also written as Soeriowati (born 1920s) was a female Indonesian athlete from Madiun. Her main achievements were between 1951 and 1953. She was described a slender but strong woman.

As a preperation for the 1951 Asian Games she went with the national team on a training camp in Djokja in January 1951. However, Surjowati left the camp already after the first day stating "I have to look after my children anyway".

Altough she left the camp, she was selected for the Games to compete in the javelin throw, discus throw and 4x 100 metres relay. In the throwing numbers, it was stated she might win because she threw further than the other Asian women prior to the Games. At the 1951 Asian Games she didn’t win a medal in the throwing events but won with the relay team the bronze medal in the 4x 100
metres event behind Japan and India.

At the 1951 National Sports Week she finished third in the high jump event. She won again the bronze medal in 1953.

Turks in Space

The Son of the Man Who Saved The World or "Dünyayı Kurtaran Adamın Oğlu", also known as "Turkish Star Wars 2: Turks In Space" is a 2006 Turkish action-comedy parody science-fiction adventure mockbuster movie directed by Kartal Tibet, is a sequel of "The Man Who Saved The World/Turkish Star Wars" (1982)

Captain Kartal, the son of Murat attempts to save the world.


Climate apocalypse

A climate apocalypse is one way the world might end. It is the end of the world caused by the effects of climate change. Many scientists that the world might not be habitable if climate change is not corrected.

Julia Johnstone

Julia F. M. Johnstone was a British foil fencer from London. She was a fencer at Salle Bertrand. She was one of the best female fencers in the early 20th-century. She also won prizes in tennis and swimming.

Johnstone started with fencing in 1903. In 1904 she became a member of Salle Bertrand where she was trained by fencing master Felix Bertrand. In the same year she won the third prize at the international fencing meeting at the by the Ladies' Army and Navy Club. Two years later, in 1906, she won the fifth prize at the international fencing meeting at Hurling organized by the Ladies' Cercle d'Escrime. She won the national competition in 1907 that was organised by Druse. She captained the four-members women's team of Salle Bertrand, that won the first Ladies' Challenge Cup Competition. Later they won the cup again in 1910.

Johnstone became British national champion in 1910. She won an international competition against Dutch women of "Salle De Vos" during the 1911 England–Holland women's fencing competitions in London. According to the Dutch newspaper "De nieuwe courant" Johnstone was together with Millicent Hall, much better compared to the other British women. She competed in November 1913 at the 1913 Alfred Hutton Memorial Challenge Cup where she finished fourth in the final.

Next to fencing, Johnstone was also a lawn tennis player and a powerful swimmer. Also in swimming and tennis she won many prizes.

Munsee language

Munsee (also known as Munsee Delaware, Delaware, Ontario Delaware, Delaware: Huluníixsuwaakan, Monsii èlixsuwakàn) is an endangered language of Native Americans. It is part of the Eastern Algonquian subgroup of the Algonquian language family. It is one of two Delaware Languages. The other is Unami. The language was spoken in area of modern New York City, southeaster New York State, northern New Jersey and northeastern Pennsylvania.

A Family Album

A Family Album is a children's album by The Verve Pipe. The album was released on October 6, 2009.

Josef Walter (footballer)

Josef Walter (27 October 1925 – 16 March 1992) was an Austrian footballer. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
He started playing football for the Wiener Sportclub. In 1947 he debuted in the highest class. After only three matches he went on to First Vienna FC. There he won the championship in the 1954-55 season. The last matches of his career he made for 1. Simmeringer SC.

After his career he became a succesful car dealer. In 1959 he became Vice president of FK Austria Wien. He made plans for the professionalization of Austrian football. 1963 he retired from football but in 1964 he came back as coach of the Austrian national football team together with Bela Guttmann.

In his time as President of FK Austria Wien the club became the first team with advertising on the jerseys. He stayed as President with Austria Wien till his death in the year 1992.

Spring peeper

The spring peeper, peeper, northern spring peeper, southern spring peeper, piping tree toad, Pickering's Hylodes, Pickering's Hyla, Pickering's tree frog, Pickering's tree toad or the spotted chorus frog ("Pseudacris crucifer") is a frog. It lives in North America. It lives as far north as Manitoba in Canada, as far west as Texas in the United States, as far east as northern Florida, and as far east as places near the Atlantic Ocean. Human beings also brought them to Cuba.

This frog may be brown, gray, or green in coloor. Most of them have an X-shaped mark on their backs.

This frog has two subspecies: "P. c. bartramiana." and "P. c. crucifer".

Royal Antwerp F.C.

Royal Antwerp Football Club is a Belgian football club from Antwerp. Founded in 1880 as the "Antwerp Cricket Club" by English students, the club is regarded as the oldest club in Belgium. The football division was founded in 1887 and named the "Antwerp Football Club".

Royal Antwerp has won four Belgian league titles as well as three Belgian Cups. In 1900 most of the players left the club to K. Beerschot V.A.C.. This was the start of a long rivalry between the two clubs.

The club is the last Belgian team to reach a UEFA competition final. In the 1993 European Cup Winners' Cup Final they lost 3–1 against Parma at Wembley Stadium.

Royal Antwerp had a partnership with the English club Manchester United An example is Dong Fangzhuo. He was unable to play for United immediately due to work permit problems and was loaned to Antwerp.

Although the club is on Belgium's best-supported they reached no trophies. They have not won a league title since 1957 and also spent several seasons in the second division. They were promoted to the top flight in 2000 and relegated in 2004. They returned to the first division after 13 years in 2017. In August 2020 they won the first title since 1957. They won the Belgian Cup versus Club Brugge .

Royal Antwerp plays their home matches at the Bosuilstadion since 1923.

Belgian First Division

Belgian Second Division

Belgian Cup

Belgian Super Cup

Challenge International du Nord

European Cup Winners' Cup

"This is a list of former players on-loan via Manchester United's partnership with Royal Antwerp from 1998 to 2013."

Wouldn't It Be Good

"Wouldn't It Be Good" is a 1984 song by English singer-songwriter Nik Kershaw and is the second single from his debut studio album Human Racing. It reached the top five in the United Kingdom and was covered by German band Cascada in 2006.

You Are the Sunshine of My Life

"You Are the Sunshine of My Life" is a 1973 song by Stevie Wonder and taken from his 1972 album Talking Book. It was his third number one single in the United States and won a Grammy for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance.

Year of the Comet

Year of the Comet is a 1992 American romantic adventure comedy movie directed by Peter Yates and starring Tim Daly, Ian Richardson, Louis Jourdan, Penelope Ann Miller, Nick Brimble, Shane Rimmer, George Rossi. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Suicide Blonde

"Suicide Blonde" is the lead single by Australian rock new wave band INXS and taken from their seventh studio album X. It went to number 1 in Canada and New Zealand, number 2 in Australia, number 3 in Ireland, number 9 in the United States and number 11 in the United Kingdom.

7-inch and cassette single

UK CD single

US maxi-CD single

Palácio Monroe

The Palácio Monroe (Portuguese for "Monroe Palace") was a historic building in the Centro neighborhood in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It was named in honor of U.S. president James Monroe. It was originally built in the U.S. city of St. Louis to act as the Brazilian Pavilion during the 1904 World's Fair. After the World's Fair, the building was dismantled and transported in cargo ships to Rio de Janeiro, where it was rebuilt in 1906. From 1914 to 1920, the palace was used as the home of the Brazilian Congress and from 1925 to 1960 it was used as the home of the Brazilian Senate, when Rio de Janeiro was the capital of Brazil. It was demolished in 1976 on the order of the President of Brazil Ernesto Geisel, despite protests. The reason for the building's demolition was to build the Rio de Janeiro Metro. In 1979, the Cinelândia Station was opened as one of the first five stations of the new metro, on the site of the demolished palace.


Vow (song)

"Vow" is a debut single by alternative rock band Garbage and was taken from the debut self titled album. It went to number 32 in Australia and number 41 in New Zealand in 1995.

Never Tear Us Apart

"Never Tear Us Apart" is a song by rock new wave band INXS and taken from their sixth studio album Kick. It went to number 2 in Canada and number 7 in the United States. It has been covered by Tom Jones, Paloma Faith and Joe Cocker.

The song was covered by Tom Jones for his 1999 album "Reload" featuring the Australian singer Natalie Imbruglia. The cover version also includes a music video.

CD single

Paul Green (rugby league)

Paul Gregory Green (12 September 1972 – 11 August 2022) was an Australian professional rugby league player and coach. He played as a halfback or hooker. In 1995, he won the Rothmans Medal. In 2015, Green coached the North Queensland Cowboys to the club's first and only premiership to date.

Green played for the Cronulla Sharks (1994–98), the North Queensland Cowboys (1999–2000), the Sydney Roosters (2001–02), the Parramatta Eels (2003) and the Brisbane Broncos (2004). He later became a coach. From 2014 to 2020, he coached the Cowboys. The club won the premiership in 2015, beating Brisbane in the final during . He also coached Queensland during the 2021 State of Origin series.

Green was born in Brisbane, Queensland. He was married and had two children.

Green died by suicide on 11 August 2022 at his home in Wynnum, Brisbane, one month before his 50th birthday.


Kiril Dojčinovski

Kiril "Kiro" Dojčinovski (Macedonian: Kиpил Kиpo Дojчинoвcки; 17 October 1943 – 10 August 2022) was a Macedonian footballer. He played for the Yugoslavia national football team from 1968 until 1970, making six appearances. 

Dojčinovski died on 10 August 2022 at the age of 78.

Lydia de Vega

Lydia de Vega-Mercado (December 26, 1964 – August 10, 2022) was a Filipino athlete. She was known as Asia's fastest woman in the 1980s. She represented the Philippines at the 1984 and 1988 Summer Olympics.

In 2018, De Vega was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer. She died on August 10, 2022 from the disease at a hospital in Makati, Philippines at the age of 57.

Donald Machholz

Donald Edward Machholz (October 7, 1952 – August 9, 2022) was an American astronomer. He was a well known visual comet discoverer. It was said he helped discover 12 comets. Machholz spent more than 9,000 hours comet-hunting in a career, which lasted over 50 years. Machholz was one of the inventors of the Messier Marathon. 

Machholz died on August 9, 2022 at his ranch in Mohave County, Arizona at the age of 69.


Dean Carlson

Dean Paul Carlson (August 1, 1950 – August 5, 2022) was an American professional football player. He was a quarterback in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the Iowa State Cyclones. He played in the National Football League between 1972 to 1974 for the Kansas City Chiefs and Green Bay Packers.

Carlson died on August 5, 2022 in Clinton, North Carolina four days after his 72nd birthday.

Rushford, Minnesota

Rushford is a city in Fillmore County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,860 at the 2020 census.

Preston, Minnesota

Preston is a city in Fillmore County, Minnesota, United States. 1,322 people lived there at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Fillmore County.

Tudor Dixon

Tudor Dixon (née Makary, born May 5, 1977) is an American politician, conservative commentator and actress. She was the Republican party's nominee for Governor of Michigan in the 2022 election.

After Joe Biden's victory in the 2020 election, Dixon supported Donald Trump's false claim that he actually won the election and his efforts to overturn the election results.

Monroe

Monroe or Monroes can mean:











Major League (movie)

Major League is a 1989 American sports comedy movie directed by David S. Ward and starring Tom Berenger, Charlie Sheen, Wesley Snipes, Rene Russo, Corbin Bernsen, Bob Uecker, James Gammon, Margaret Whitton. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was followed up by two sequels.


Elsie Grant-Suttie

Elsie Grant-Suttie (1879 - 1954) was a Scottish golfer in the early 20th-century.

Grant-Suttie was from East Lothian where she started playing golf. Her trainer was Ben Sayers. She played against the main amateurs and professional golfers at North Berwick, Kilspindic, Muirfield and in the South. She won the Stroke competition at St. Andrews in 1908. At the same venue she also won the Ladies' Open Championship.
In 1908 she represented Scotland in the Internationals. She didn't lose from any opponent, including winning from the 1908 Womens Amateur Champion Maud Titterton. Two years later in 1910 she became again champion and winning again from all her opponents.

Grant-Suttie was a cousin of Sir George Grant-Suttie (1870–1947) and of Lord Wemyss, who was also a golfer.

Loose Connections

Loose Connections is a 1983 British romantic comedy movie directed by Richard Eyre and starring Stephen Rea, Carole Harrison, Lindsay Duncan, Jan Niklas, Gary Olsen, Jan Harvey. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Rosamund Johnstone

Rosamund Johnstone was a British foil fencer from London. She was a fencer at Salle Bertrand. She was one of the best female fencers in the early 20th-century. She was described by to Dutch newspaper "De Sumatra post" as a "famous fencer".

In March 1911, she competed at the 1911 England–Holland women's fencing competitions in London against Dutch women of "Salle De Vos". She competed in November 1913 at the 1913 Alfred Hutton Memorial Challenge Cup where she was described having made "marked progress". In this competition she was eliminated in the semi-final. In 1914 she went with two other British women to the 1914 Salle Giandomenici international women's fencing competition in Amsterdam organized by Salle Giandomenici. This competition was the first women's fencing competition in the Netherlands with Dutch, British and Belgian competitors. In her first match she won surprisingly from the British champion C. E. Martin Edmunds. She lost her second match from the Dutch Esther Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo. Overall, after eight matches she won the third prize behind C. E. Martin Edmunds and Esther Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo.


Dominican Republic national under-20 football team

The Dominican Republic national under-20 football team is the national football team of Dominican Republic. They have qualified for the FIFA U-20 World Cup for first time in 2023.

J. De Deken

J. De Deken was a Belgian international foil fencer from Antwerp in the early 20th-century. She was trained by the Belgian fencing master Verbrugge. She was a short fencer, and her style has been described as "graceful".

In 1914 De Deken was one of the two Belgian women who competed at the 1914 Salle Giandomenici international women's fencing competition in Amsterdam. This competition was the first women's fencing competition in the Netherlands with Dutch, British and Belgian competitors. She had a very nice match during the competition. Overall she was the best Belgian women and won the fourth prize behind C. E. Martin Edmunds, Esther Bekkers-Lopes Cardozo and Rosamund Johnstone.

In May 1914 she won the third prize at the international 1914 "La Femme Contemporaine" women's fencing competition in Antwerp.


Upland chorus frog

The upland chorus frog, chorus frog, southeastern chorus frog, eastern swamp cricket frog, Baird's swamp frog, Baird's cricket frog, or striped winter frog ("Pseudacris feriarum") is a frog. It lives in the United States. It lives in Pennsylvania and Kentucky down south to Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia. It does not live on the Atlantic coastal plain except in South Carolina.

Upul Chandana

Umagiliya Durage Upul Chandana (born May 7, 1972 in Galle , Sri Lanka ) is a former Sri Lankan international cricketer. He made his ODI debut in 1994 at the age of 21. He made it to the team as a leg spinner. He is considered as one of the best legspinners in Sri Lanka. He retired from international cricket on 15 October 2007.

John Jenkinson

John Jenkinson (14 June 1870 — 13 October 1915) was an Indian-born British foil fencer.

Jenkinson was a pupil at the Professor McPherson’s School of Arms where he learned fencing. His first fencing achievement was in 1899 winning the Colmore-Dunne Challenge Cup. in 1900 he won the gold medal in the foil event at the German Gymnastic Society's. Jenkinson became national foil champion in 1902, 1903 and 1904. He was foil champion of the Auxiliary Forces in 1905 and 1906. He took part in the Sabre Championship, and finished each time second behind Charles Wilson. He competed as at the 1908 Summer Olympics in the open foil event. This event was held a demonstration event.

Jenkinson was a member of the Inns of Court Volunteers from 1888. From 1908 he joined the Territorial Force at Tamworth. During World War I Jenkinson became a captain in the 6th Battalion of the North Staffordshire Regiment. He died in action in Pas-de-Calais, France on 13 October 1915 in a confrontation with the enemy.

Aloka Amarasiri

Aloka Amarasiri (born 6 May 1989) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He played for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2015–16 Premier League Tournament.

Jean Delori

Jean Delori (25 July 1874 — 23 November 1952) was a Belgian foil fencer and managing director.

Delori competed as at the 1908 Summer Olympics in the open foil event. This event was held a demonstration event. In 1910 he won with the Sint-Michielsgilde team the "Poule nationale par équipe de 6 tireurs" international fencing competition held at the gardens of the Royal Galleries of Ostend. The team consisted of the fencers: Albert Feyerick, Isidore De Vriendt, Jean Delori, Georges Van Wassenhove, Jules Maes and Alberic Rolin.

Delori was a managing director of the "Clouterie et Tréfilerie des Flandres" during the Interbellum.

In Gentbrugge the street "Delorilaan" is named after him.

Moratock Park

Moratock Park is a public park in Danbury, North Carolina. It has the remainings of the old smithy, which was destroyed in 1865 during the American Civil War. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

Warren Winslow

Warren Winslow (January 1, 1810 – August 16, 1862) was an American politician. He waa the 33rd Governor of North Carolina from 1854 to 1855.

Winslow was born in Fayetteville, North Carolina on January 1, 1810. Winslow graduated from the University of North Carolina. 

Winslow was elected to the North Carolina senate in 1854 as a Democrat. Winslow became Speaker of the North Carolina Senate in 1854. Governor David S. Reid resigned from being Governor on December 6, 1854, 1 month before his term of office was supposed to end, while Winslow was Speaker of the Senate. When a Governor resigns from the Senate, the Speaker of the Senate becomes the Governor. This meant that Warren Winslow was the new Governor. Winslow was the Governor for one month until Thomas Bragg was inaugurated on January 1, 1855. Winslow served in the United States House of Representatives from March 1855 to March 1861.

Winslow died on August 16, 1862, in Fayetteville, North Carolina.

Stockbridge Militia

The Stockbridge Militia was a Native American military unit. The group fought during the American Revolution in the Continental Army. It included Mohican, Wappinger, and Munsee (a sub-tribe of the Lenape). Most tribes of the Northeastern Woodlands allied with the British. The militia fought in the Siege of Boston, the Capture of Fort Ticonderoga, the Siege of Ticonderoga, the Battle of Saratoga, and the Battle of Monmouth. They had a major loss at the Battle of Kingsbridge or The Stockbridge Massacre. This battle was the last that the Stockbridge Militia would fight. 

Trident of Poseidon

A trident is a three-pronged spear. 
It is considered to be a symbol of [(Poseidon)]a greek God , according to the Greek mythology.

Triwulan

Triwulan (born 1934) was a female Indonesian sprinter from Malang. Her main achievements were between 1950 and 1953. She was a small but had a good style.

At the age of 16 years old Triwulan won the 100 metres event at the 1950 PASI athletics competitions in a time of 13.3 seconds.

As a preperation for the 1951 Asian Games she went with the national team on a training camp in Djokja in January 1951. Afterwards she was selected for the Games to compete in the 100 metres and 4x 100 metres relay. Ahead of the Games, she was named as a favorite to win a medal. Still 16 years old, she was the youngest athlete at the Games.

At the 1951 Asian Games she was eliminated in the heats of the 100 metres, finishing last in her heat. She won with the relay team the bronze medal in the 4x 100
metres event behind Japan and India.

Triwulan won after the Games in Indonesia several tournaments and competitons in the 100 metres, including at the 1951 National Sports Week. 

She continued competing in the later years, with her last main competition being the 1953 National Sports Week. 

Network mapping

Network mapping is the study of the physical connectivity of the Internet. Network mapping discovers the devices on the network and their connectivity. 

The field of automated network mapping has taken more importance. This is because networks become more dynamic and complex in nature.

Recent efforts to map the internet have been improved by more sophisticated methods. It allows them to make faster and more sensible maps. 

The sizing and layout of the autonomous systems was calculated based on their centrality. It is a measure of how central to the network each autonomous system is.

Many organizations create network maps of their network system. These maps can be made manually using simple tools such as Microsoft Visio. The mapping process can be simplified by using tools that integrate auto network discovery with Network mapping. One such example being the Fabric platform. Many of the vendors from the Notable network mappers list enable you to customize the maps. It also include your own labels, add un-discoverable items and background images.



Linux Virtual Server

Linux Virtual Server (LVS) is load balancing software. It is for Linux kernel–based operating systems.

LVS is a free and open-source project. It has started by Wensong Zhang in May 1998. It is subjected to the requirements of the GNU General Public License (GPL), version 2. 

The mission of the project is to build a high-performance and highly available server for Linux using clustering technology, that provides good scalability, reliability and serviceability.
Commonly used terms include the following:


Setting up a virtual HTTP server with two real servers:
ipvsadm -A -t 192.168.0.1:80 -s rr
ipvsadm -a -t 192.168.0.1:80 -r 172.16.0.1:80 -m
ipvsadm -a -t 192.168.0.1:80 -r 172.16.0.2:80 -m
The first command assigns TCP port 80 on IP address 192.168.0.1 to the virtual server. The chosen scheduling algorithm for load balancing is round-robin (codice_1). The second and third commands are adding IP addresses of real servers to the LVS setup. The forwarded network packets shall be masked (codice_2).

Querying the status of the above configured LVS setup:
IP Virtual Server version 1.0.8 (size=65536)
Prot LocalAddress:Port Scheduler Flags
TCP 192.168.0.1:80 rr



Braintree, Vermont

Braintree is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.

Brookfield, Vermont

Brookfield is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.

Darwati

Darwati was a female Indonesian athletics competitor from Jakarta. She was specialized in the long jump and sprint events. She won a bronze medal at the 1951 Asian Games. She also competed at the 1954 Asian Games where she set with the relay team a national record. During her career she was also among others 100 metres national record holder and became the PASI championships champion, National Sports Week champion- and record holder. 

Het first achievement was in September 1949, winning the national competition in the long jump. 

As a preperation for the 1951 Asian Games she went with the national team on a training camp in Djokja in January 1951. Afterwards she was selected for the Games to compete in the long jump and 4x 100 metres relay. She won with the relay team the bronze medal in the 4x 100 metres event behind Japan and India.

Her last achievement was in June 1956.


Young Catherine

Young Catherine is a 1991 TV mini-series based on the early life of Catherine II of Russia and was directed by Michael Anderson. It stars Vanessa Redgrave, Julia Ormond, Christopher Plummer, Franco Nero, Maximilian Schell, Mark Frankel, Reece Dinsdale, Anna Kanakis, Katharine Schlesinger.

War and Remembrance (miniseries)

War and Remembrance is an American mini-series based on the 1978 novel of the same name by Herman Wouk and aired from 13 November, 1988 to 14 May, 1989. It is the sequel to the 1983 mini-series The Winds of War also based on the novel by Herman Wouk and won a slew on awards in 1989.


Tune in Tomorrow

Tune in Tomorrow is a 1990 American Bermudian comedy movies‏ directed by Jon Amiel and is based on the 1977 novel "Aunt Julia and the Scriptwriter" by Mario Vargas Llosa. It stars Keanu Reeves, Peter Falk, Barbara Hershey, Dedee Pfeiffer, Patricia Clarkson, Buck Henry, Peter Gallagher, John Larroquette, Elizabeth McGovern and was distributed by Cinecom Pictures.


Concrete mixer

A concrete mixer is a machine used to mix concrete. It has a rotating drum driven by an electric or combustion engine. The components of the concrete (cement, sand, aggregate and water) are placed in an opening of the drum.

There are portable, in-situ and truck-mounted concrete mixers.

Gandaki Province

Gandaki Province (Nepali: गण्डकी प्रदेश [ɡʌɳɖʌki]), is one of the seven federal provinces of Nepal. It was established by the current constitution of Nepal.

Pokhara is the province's capital city. It borders the Tibet Autonomous Region of China to the north, Bagmati Province to the east, Karnali Province to the west, and Lumbini Province and Bihar of India to the south. The total area of the province is 21,504 km - about 14.57% of the country's total area.

According to the 2011 census, the population of the province was 2,403,757.

The newly elected Provincial Assembly adopted Gandaki Province as the permanent name by replacing its initial name Province no. 4 in July 2018. Krishna Chandra Nepali is the present chief minister of Gandaki Province.

Netflix Animation

Netflix Animation is a animation studio owned by Netflix. It makes animated movies and television series.

When Netflix started making animated movies and television series in 2013, they got a lot of help from other animation companies (usually DreamWorks). Since 2018, Netflix can make them without relying on other companies. Some of the first projects they made are the movie "Klaus" and the series "Kid Cosmic".

Things got complicated with how the company was running animation, so Netflix fired the Creative Director Phil Rynda, as well as canceled several projects. Many others left for other studios after this, including Mike Moon (who was leading the department of animation for adults) who moved to start his own company with Illumination.

Netflix was about to buy the Australian animation studio Animal Logic in July 2022, when Melissa Cobb stopped being vice president of movie animation (Karen Toliver took her place) and stayed on the studio as a producer.

In September 2022, Netflix Animation fired 30 people to try and make things more efficient.


Artemis Pebdani

Artemis Pebdani is an American voice actress. She voices Gramma Alice Green in "Big City Greens" and Aring Lopez in "Rivit Monsters".

Ingemar Erlandsson

Bo Ingemar Erlandsson (16 November 1957 – 9 August 2022) was a Swedish footballer. He played as a defender. He represented Malmö FF between 1976 and 1987. Between 1978 and 1985, he scored two goals for the Sweden national team.

Erlandsson died on 9 August 2022, at the age of 64.

Yi-Fu Tuan

Yi-Fu Tuan (Traditional Chinese: 段義孚; December 5, 1930 – August 10, 2022) was a Chinese-American geographer. He was an important person in the creation of human geography and humanistic geography. Tuan was born in Tianjin, China. He was a professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.

Tuan died on August 10, 2022 in Madison, Wisconsin at the age of 91.


Michael Badnarik

Michael J. Badnarik ( ; August 1, 1954 – August 11, 2022) was an American software engineer, political activist, politician, and radio talk show host. He was the Libertarian Party nominee for President of the United States in the 2004 elections.

In 2006, Badnarik unsuccessfully ran as the Libertarian candidate for the United States House of Representatives for Texas's 10th congressional district.

Badnarik died on August 11, 2022 in San Antonio, Texas, ten days after his 68th birthday.


Manuel Ojeda

Manuel Ojeda (born Manuel Salvador Ojeda Armenta; 4 November 1940 – 11 August 2022) was a Mexican actor. He was known for his telenovela roles. He played Zolo in the movie "Romancing the Stone". He was born in La Paz, Baja California Sur, Mexico. His career began in 1975.

Ojeda died on 11 August 2022 at the age of 81.

Jean-Jacques Sempé

Jean-Jacques Sempé, usually known as Sempé (; 17 August 1932 – 11 August 2022), was a French cartoonist. He was known for his work on the children's book "Le Petit Nicolas".

Sempé died on 11 August 2022 at his secondary home in Draguignan, France, six days before his 90th birthday.

József Tóth (footballer, born 1951)

József Tóth (2 December 1951 – 11 August 2022) was a Hungarian footballer. He made 56 appearances for the Hungary national football team between 1974 to 1983. He appeared at the 1978 FIFA World Cup and the 1982 FIFA World Cup.

Genital herpes

Genital herpes is an infection of the genitals. Most people either have no or mild symptoms, and sometimes they do not know they are infected.

Symptoms include blisters that break open to form painful ulcers. Other symptoms are like the flu such as fever, aching, or swollen lymph nodes. Symptoms can be seen as soon as four days after being infected and can last up to four weeks. Once infected further outbreaks may occur but are generally milder.

The disease is spread by direct genital contact and mainly happens during sex, including anal and oral sex. The risk of spread between a couple is about 7.5% over a year. 

There are two types of genital herpes, HSV-1 and HSV-2. HSV-2 was more common, however genital HSV-1 has become more common in the developed world. 

To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar

To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar is a 1995 American road comedy movie directed by Beeban Kidron and starring Wesley Snipes, Patrick Swayze, Stockard Channing, John Leguizamo, Blythe Danner, Chris Penn, Arliss Howard, Mike Hodge. It was distributed by TriStar Pictures.


Marla Adams

Marla Adams (born August 28, 1938) is an American television actress. She best known for her roles as Belle Clemens on "The Secret Storm", from 1968 to 1974, and as Dina Abbott Mergeron on "The Young and the Restless". She won an Emmy Award in 2021.

Lucio Dalla

Lucio Dalla (; 4 March 1943 – 1 March 2012) was an Italian singer-songwriter, musician and actor. He also played clarinet and keyboards.


Choshun Ryu

Choshun Ryu (born 23 January 1912) was a Japanese long-distance runner in the 1930s. He represented the Japanese Empire internationally.

On 14 April 1934 Ryu set the Asian athletics record in the 10,000 metres with a time of 31' 20.2" in Tokyo. This was that season the sixth time worldwide. Two monhts later he won the gold medal in the 10,000 metres event at the 1934 Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. In the Dutch newspaper ""Het nieuws van den dag voor Nederlandsch-Indië"" is it described how this "tiny Japanese" was much better than the rest. During the race his lead got bigger and bigger. At the end of the race he had overtaken all opponents, except for the Japanese Hideo Tanaka. He won at the Games also the silver medal in the 1500 metres behind Tanaka.

In 1935 and 1937 he was the best Asian marathon runner. Worldwide he was sixth in 1935 and 1937.

La Chapelle-Hugon

La Chapelle-Hugon is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 381 people lived there in January 2019.

La Chapelle-Montlinard

La Chapelle-Montlinard is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 468 people lived there in January 2019.

Aurelio Amante

Aurelio Amante (born c. 1910s) was a Filipino athletics competitors specialized in the discus throw. He represented the Philippines at international competitions.

He became Asian champion in the discus throw at the 1934 Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. Seventeen years later, after World War II, he won the bronze medal in discus throw at the 1951 Asian games in New Delhi. After the season he was honored by the PSA as Filipino athlete of the year.

Chârost

Chârost is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. Around 941 people lived there in January 2019.

Chassy, Cher

Chassy is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. Around 239 people lived there in January 2019.

Torteron

Torteron is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 793 people lived there in January 2019.

Villeneuve-sur-Cher

Villeneuve-sur-Cher is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 420 people lived there in January 2019.

Touchay

Touchay is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 239 people lived there in January 2019.

Trouy

Trouy is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 3,953 people lived there in January 2019.

Thou, Cher

Thou is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 79 people lived there in January 2019.

Vouzeron

Vouzeron is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 587 people lived there in January 2019.

Vinon

Vinon is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 292 people lived there in January 2019.

Vorly

Vorly is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 243 people lived there in January 2019.

Vornay

Vornay is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 591 people lived there in January 2019.

Étréchy, Cher

Étréchy is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 427 people lived there in January 2019.

Wigston

Wigston Magna is a large town in the Borough of Oadby and Wigston 4.1 miles from Leicester and 25. 5 miles from Coventry and is a postal town for the LE18 postcode district

Claudio Garella

Claudio Garella (16 May 1955 – 12 August 2022) was a Italian footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He was known for making over 100 appearances for U.C. Sampdoria from 1978 to 1981 and for Hellas Verona F.C. from 1981 to 1985.

Garella died on 12 August 2022 at a hospital in Turin, Italy from problems caused by heart surgery at the age of 67.

International Biology Olympiad

The International Biology Olympiad (IBO) is the world's premier biology competition for secondary school students. It is one of the International Science Olympiads.

In bringing together gifted students, the IBO competition challenges and stimulates these students to expand their talents and promote their future careers as scientists.

Breathless (The Corrs song)

"Breathless" is a 2000 song by Irish band The Corrs and is the leading track from their third album "In Blue". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Czech Republic and went to the ten in Ireland, New Zealand, Spain, Sweden, Italy, Australia, Portugal, Romania. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2001.

Standard CD and cassette single

European CD single

Jean Baudrillard

Jean Baudrillard (27 July 1929 – 6 March 2007) was a French sociologist, philosopher and cultural theorist.


Pierre Mendès France

Pierre Isaac Isidore Mendès France (11 January 1907 – 18 October 1982), known as PMF, was a French politician who served as President of the Council of Ministers (equivalent in the French Fourth Republic to Prime Minister) for eight months from 1954 to 1955.

France died on October 18, 1982 in Paris, France at the age of 75.

Alfred Kastler

Alfred Kastler (3 May 1902 – 7 January 1984) was a French physicist. In 1966, he won the Nobel Prize in Physics.

Chatham Borough, New Jersey

Chatham is a borough in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, Chatham's population was 9,212.

Natalia LL

Natalia Lach-Lachowicz (18 April 1937 – 12 August 2022), known as Natalia LL, was a Polish artist. Her works were usually painted portraits, photography, drawings, performance and video art. She was a well known avant garde image making artist in Poland. In 1970 she co-founded PERMAFO, an artists' group and gallery. 

She worked at the University of Fine Arts in Poznań from 2004 to 2013.

Natalia LL died on 12 August 2022 in Poznań, Poland at the age of 85.

Federal Capital Territory (disambiguation)

Federal Capital Territory (FCT) may refer to:

Pseudacris kalmi

The New Jersey chorus frog or Cope's tree frog ("Pseudacris kalmi") is a frog. It lives in the United States. It lives in New Jersey, Maryland, Delaware, and Virginia.

This frog is 19–36 mm long from nose to rear end. It is gray, brown, or green in color with a stripe that goes from over the mouth to under the eye. It has three thick stripes over its back from front to back.

This frog lives in places that are wet but not too wet: Flooded places, forests with ditches and vernal pools and patches of water, and in freshwater swamps.

When it is time to lay eggs, the male frogs go to vernal pools. These are patches of water made by spring rain and melting snow. They are only there in the spring. They dry up during the summer. The male frogs sing at the pool, and then the female frogs come to them. The female frog lays eggs on the stems of plants in shallow water. The eggs stick together in groups of 8 to 143. The tadpoles swim and grow for two months before becoming frogs.

Swimming snakes, foxes, birds, and raccoons all catch and eat this frog. So do animals with bony skins such as crayfish and spiders.

Scientists named this frog "kalmi" for Pehr Kalm, also called Peter Kalm. Kalm was a Swedish explorer who wrote a book called "Travels into North America" in 1772. He wrote about this frog in the book.

Lie Djiang Nio

E. M. Lie Djiang Nio was a female Indonesian sprinter from Bandung in the early 1950s.

In December 1950, she competed at the Indonesian national athletics competitions, that was also used as qualification for the 1951 Asian Games. She finished second in the 100 metres event. Due to this result she was selected for the Games to compete in the 100 metres event and 4x 100 metres relay. Ahead of the Games she showed “good capacities” in training sessions. At the 1951 Asian Games she won with the relay team the bronze medal in the 4x 100
metres event behind Japan and India.

She married to doctorandus V. Kam Kian Djien in Bandung on 2 December 1957.


Tsenacommacah

Tsenacommacah (pronounced in English; "densely inhabited land"; also written Tscenocomoco, Tsenacomoco, Tenakomakah, Attanoughkomouck, and Attan-Akamik) was the land of the Powhatan People. It is in parts of Virginia. In the Powhatan language, it means "densely inhabited land." The Powhatan Confederacy was made of 31 tribes that lived on the land Tsenacommacah. It was largely reduced after the Anglo–Powhatan Wars. Several of the present-day tribes still live on the land. 


Quadri

Quadri is a "comune" and town in the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy. About 719 people lived there in 2021.

Anglo-Powhatan Wars

The Anglo–Powhatan Wars were three wars between the Powhatan People and English colonists of Virginia. The first war went from 1609 to 1614. The second war was from 1622 to 1626. The third war was from 1644 until 1646. The last war ended with the death of Opechancanough. The Powhatan eventually were defeated and lost a lot of land. 

The English settled in Jamestown, Virginia in 1607. The Chief Powhatan wanted the English colonists to leave the land. Captain John Smith was exploring the land. The Powhatan captured him, but he was eventually released. Smith wanted to build several forts close to the Powhatan people. Powhatan tribes attacked English forts in Jamestown, Virginia. Later Powhatans killed Captain John Ratcliffe and several colonists. The English responded with harsh conditions and more violence. 

The first war was from 1609 to 1614. English attacked and mostly destroyed the town of Paspahegh. They killed the queen and several children. The English captured an island from the Arrohattocs. The Appomattoc attacked the English in 1610. In 1611, the English captured Appomattoc. In December 1612, the English attacked Patawomeck and captured Pocahontas. She was the daughter of Powhatan. The Powhatan stopped fighting to get her back. English colonists continued to expand into Weyanoke, Appomattoc, Arrohattoc, and Powhatan territory. 

The English found Powhatan and created a peace agreement. Pocahantas would marry John Rolfe. This peace lasted for several years. 

Opechancanough (the younger brother of Powhatan) and his warriors attacked Jamestown in 1622. They killed many colonists. This event was the Jamestown Massacre or Indian massacre of 1622. The English had a quick and strong response. They were allies with the Accomac and Patawomeck. These tribes provided corn. The English attacked the Chickahominy, Appamattoc, Nansemond, Warraskoyack, Weyanoke, and Pamunkey. Opechancanough asked for peace. However, the English tricked and poisoned the Natives. The colonists had a shortage of gunfire from 1625-1626. The English attacked several tribes again in Summer 1627. There was a short time of peace in 1628. However, fighting continued until 1632. The English colonists expanded their land more. The English also created a fence barrier (palisade) to stop Native attacks. 

There were ten years of peace before the third war. Opechancanough led the fight this time in 1644. He and his men killed many colonists. Governor William Berkeley led an attack to capture Opechancanough. The English were successful. Opechancanough was killed in captivity in October 1646. Necotowance had replaced him as chief of the Powhatan Confederacy. 

The General Assembly of Virginia and Necotowance signed a peace treaty in October 1646. Natives had to give payments to the Virginia governor. The English created a frontier line. It racially separated Naives from English. The treaty also expanded English land.


Amanda Saleh-Hartman

Amanda Martha Francisca “Manda” Saleh-Hartman (born 11 March 1921 - died after 1965) was a female Indonesian athletics competitor, who was successful in the sprint, javelin throw, shot put and discus throw events. 

She was an athletics champion in her country. Representing West-Java she became multiple times PON-champion. She was also national record holder, including in the discus throw and javelin throw.

Hartman was born in Surabaya in 1921 as the daughter of Wilhelm Friedrich Hartman and Aafje Dekker (born 1899 from Amsterdam). At the age she wanted to become a ballet dancer. But after a few year of her studies she was sent to Perth, Australia where she continued studying. When the war began in Australia, she moved back to Surabaya. She attended the Government Insitue of physical education. At the age of 18 she was engaged with the German Werner Schalk who lived already a long time in Indonesia. During World War II he drowned at sea being a prisoner of war. She later married in 1942 to Mochtar Saleh (born 1917) who she met at school, former heptathlete and sports teacher. They had four children, two sons and two daughters. In September 1958 the family moved to the Netherlands. She married again in 1965 with the German Bruno Zander and lived in Germany. She doesn’t live anymore.

World Barista Championship

The World Barista Championship is an annual competition to select the World Barista Champion. These competitions are held annually and baristas compete for the title of world champion. This event is held in a different city every year. The next competition will be in May 2020 in Melbourne, Australia.

The World Barista Championship is held every year. The champions of more than 50 different countries compete for the most prestigious award in the world of coffee. The competition is that the baristas have to prepare 4 espressos, 4 cappuccinos and 4 special drinks within 15 minutes. WBC certified judges judge the baristas' performances and rate them. The contestants with the highest scores advance to the semi-finals and then to the finals.



Uzay-le-Venon

Uzay-le-Venon is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 404 people lived there in January 2019.

Lantan, Cher

Lantan is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 92 people lived there in January 2019.

Michael Mando

Michael Mando (born ) is a Canadian actor. He is famously known for his roles as Nacho Varga in "Better Call Saul" (2015–2022), Vaas Montenegro in the video games of "Far Cry" (2012–2021), Vic Schmidt in the series "Orphan Black" (2013–2014), and Mac Gargan in "". He has been nominated twice for the Screen Actors Guild Awards and the Canadian Screen Awards.

Le Pondy

Le Pondy is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 148 people lived there in January 2019.

Précy

Précy is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 348 people lived there in January 2019.

Chavannes, Cher

Chavannes is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 162 people lived there in January 2019.

Reiniera Cornax

Johanna Reiniera Gast-Cornax in sources commonly reffered to as R. Cornax (20 October 1900 — 22 September 2003) was a Dutch track and field athlete representing athletics club G.S.V.. She was active between 1921 and 1924. She also played korfball with Rozenburg.

Cornax was a main Dutch athlete in the early 1920s when athletics became an established sport
for women. The first women events at the Dutch national championships were at the 1921 Dutch Athletics Championships. With her club G.S.V. she finished second in the first ever women’s Dutch championships event, the women’s 4x 100 metres relay. 

At the 1922 Dutch Athletics Championships she won the bronze medal in the 80 metres event, behind Van den Blankenvoort and A. de Bock. Later in 1922, on 27 August, the first Dutch international women’s 100 metres event was held at the 1922 Pro Patria women's international athletics competition. Cornax was one of the four Dutch athletes. She was in the 100 metres the best Dutch woman beating Annie van de Blankevoort and finished second behind the German Margarete Furchheim. In the relay event she won together with Annie van de Blankevoort, A. de Bock and C. Buijs from the German team.

One of her earliest competition was in May 1921 in a South Holland women’s competition. She was the best of her club GSV in all events, but was beaten by women of the Rozenburg athletics club. In 1922 she won national competitions in Brielle and Delft, with her 80 metres victory in the newspaper described as “well deserved”. She won prizes in many regional and national women’s athletic competitions and championships in 1921, 1922 and 1923. 

One of her last athletics achievement was in July 1924, winning a competition in Dordrecht.

Cornax continued to play korfball with Rozenburg. In 1924 she played with the club internationally. She continued playing after her marriage but moved to the third team of Rozenburg in 1931. When Rozenburg celebrated their 25th birthday in 1938, Cornax was named as one of the main korfball players of the club.

Cornax was born on 20 October 1900 in Rotterdam as the daughter of Willem Frederik Cornax and Magdalena van Wolfswinkel. Cornax married to Jan de Gast in Rotterdam on 22 May 1929. After het husband died, De Gast-Cornax died at the age of almost 103 years old on 22 September 2003 in Hengelo.

Chéry

Chéry is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 216 people lived there in January 2019.

Opchanacanough

Opechancanough (; 1554–1646) was the main chief of the Powhatan People. He followed his older brother Powhatan. He captured Captain John Smith. Opechancanough led the Powhatans in the Second and Third Anglo-Powhatan Wars. His tactics were not that diplomactic. He was captured and killed by the British in 1646. His name means "He whose Soul is White". Nectowance replaced Opechancanough as chief of the Powhatan.

Change (In the House of Flies)

"Change (In the House of Flies)" is a 2000 song by American alternative metal band Deftones and is the leading single from the their third album White Pony. It remains their most successful single to this day.

Canada national futsal team

The Canadian national futsal team is a controlled by the Canadian Soccer Association and made the FIFA Futsal World Cup in 1989 where they finished in 12th place.

Iroquoian languages

The Iroquoian languages are a language family of indigenous peoples of North America. They were spoken in regions around the Great Lakes, Middle Atlantic states and the South. Today most of the languages are extinct or spoken by very few people. The languages include Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Susquehannock/Conestoga, Cayuga, Seneca and Tuscarora, Nottaway, Huron/Wyandot, Petun and Cherokee. Only seven are spoken today. Most of the languages are "Northern Iroquoian" languages. Cherokee is the only "Southern Iroquoian" language. The language content is rich in verbs. Many nouns in the language come from verbs. The language is rich in third-person categories.


Ignol

Ignol is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 181 people lived there in January 2019.

Latto

Alyssa Michelle Stephens (born December 22, 1998), known professionally as Latto (formerly known as Mulatto and Hippolattomus), is an American rapper. She won the first season of the reality television series "The Rap Game" in 2016 as Miss Mulatto.

Her 2019 single "Bitch from da Souf" peaked at number 95 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in August 2020. It was accompanied by a remix by rappers Saweetie and Trina. "Muwop" (featuring Gucci Mane) followed. Both songs were certified platinum. They also appeared on Latto's first album "Queen of da Souf", which was released in August 2020. The album was re-issued as a deluxe edition in December 2020. Latto's mainstream breakthrough came with the release of "Big Energy", the lead single from her second studio album "777" (2022). It became Latto's highest-charting single to date, peaking at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Latto received controversy in 2022 over her unjust drama with Queen of Rap, Nicki Minaj over a Grammy nomination. The "flourishing" rapper currently has a one-sided beef with the Queen of Rap as she constantly disses the rapper, although on numerous occasions she has shown to admire Minaj.

Powhatan

Powhatan or Powhattan may refer to:


International Philosophy Olympiad

The International Philosophy Olympiad (IPO) is one of the International Olympiads for high-school pupils. It first took place in 1993, by an initiative of the Department of Philosophy of Sofıa University to invite a group of philosophers from various countries. Since 2001 the IPO has been organized under the auspices of FISP and with the recognition and support of UNESCO.

The objectives of the IPO are:


The IPO is organized every year in May, by one of the participating countries. Participation in IPO will require a commitment on the part of the national delegations to promote the study of Philosophy in their home country and to organize a national competition in Philosophy.

The IPO is open to pupils from every country in the world who are enrolled in high school, either at the time of the competition, or, in countries where the school year ends in December in the year before, or earlier than May the same year, even if they are enrolled at a university at the time of the IPO.

The maximum age of a pupil is 20.

The National Organizing Committee of the host country may decide to adopt a leading theme of the Olympiad. Such a theme, however, will be used only for the series of lectures and workshops offered to the participants and should not be reflected in the selection of contest topics. The contest topics should reflect a variety of philosophical disciplines.

Each country can participate with one or two pupils, with the exception of the host country, which may participate with a maximum of 10 pupils.

The selection of the pupils who will participate in an IPO is made after competitions organized at the national level; but in exceptional cases other methods may be followed subject to the approval of the Steering Board. These national competitions should be organized by, or under the auspices of, a national philosophical society which is a member of FISP. If a national society does not exist or if, though it exists, it is not willing to organize the national Olympiads, or if another method has been pursued in the past, other procedures may be followed, but in all cases these procedures are subject to the approval of the Steering Board of the IPOs.

a) Before March 1 of the year of the competition, each delegation leader is expected to send one proposal of a topic to the Secretary General of FISP. This proposal (a short quotation – not longer than five lines – or a question) must be submitted in at least one of the IPO languages and it must include the correct source. These proposals will be circulated among the FISP members of the Steering Board, who will select four topics from among those sent and/or other topics of their choice. The topics selected will be printed in all four IPO languages.

They will be provided with the sources according to academic rules. Quotations will be provided in the best available translation, and with bibliographic data according to academic standards. If no good translation(s) is (are) available, the Secretary General of FISP will provide (a) new translation(s), mentioning the translator(s) by name.

b) Writing the Essays

I. Every student writes an essay on one of the four topics given to them.

II. The essay must be written in one of the following languages: English, German, French, Spanish; however, it must not be written in the official language(s) of the student’s state (e.g., a German does not write in German).

The only aid that may be used during the students´ essay-writing are bi-lingual dictionaries in the pupils´ own language and one of the official IPO languages (English/German/French/Spanish), and mono-lingual dictionaries in one of the official IPO languages. Such dictionaries must be in paper versions, not in any electronic format.

III. The time of writing is 4 hours.

IV. The names of the authors of all essays are encoded and not known to the assessors until the final ranking is fixed.

c) Grading the essays

I. The criteria of evaluation are: relevance to the topic, philosophical understanding of the topic, persuasive power of argumentation, coherence, and originality.

II. Each assessor gives his or her marks on a scale of 1 to 10 points, from 7 points upwards using intervals of .5.



III. At the first stage of the grading each essay is marked by four assessors. If there are more than 3 points of difference among the individual marks, a fifth assessor will be appointed. At the end of the first stage all the essays which have received an average grade of at least 7 points are selected for the second stage.

IV. At the second stage each remaining essay is marked by two additional assessors.

The average mark of an essay is calculated on the basis of all the marks it has received – both the marks of the assessors at the first stage and the marks of the two assessors at the second stage. At the end of the second stage the Jury of the IPO selects as many of the best essays as it wishes for consideration in the third stage.

V. At the third stage the Steering Board will decide on the distribution or prizes.

Awards are symbolic “medals”: golden, silver, and bronze, and honorable mention. The Steering Committee may grant more than one medal in each category.

Corinth, Vermont

Corinth is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.

Morey Amsterdam

Moritz "Morey" Amsterdam (December 14, 1908 – October 28, 1996) was an American actor, comedian, writer and producer. He played Buddy Sorrell on CBS's The Dick Van Dyke Show from 1961 to 1966.

Sari

Sari may refer to:

Ever Alot

Ever Alot is a container ship as of 2022 the biggest container ships worldwide by both TEU and gross tonnage. The ship was launched in June 2022. She is wide and long. The ship has a capacity of 24,004 containers (24,004 TEU). "Ever Alot" is operated by the Evergreen Marine Corporation. The ship sails under the flag of Panama. It is the first container ship to have a 24,000 TEU capacity. It surpassed Ever Ace, which had a capacity of 23,992 TEU.

During the first travel of the vessel, she arrived in Rotterdam, the Netherlands on 12 August 2022 where she was festively welcomed with a nautical salute.

Ever Ace

Ever Ace is a Very Large Container Ship (VLCS) and part of the Evergreen A-class container ship operated by Evergreen Marine Corporation. It was the largest container ship at the time of launch, but was surpassed shortly after by the launch of Ever Alot. With a container capacity of 23,992 TEU, "Ever Ace" is is 400m-long and 61.5m wide. It is the first in a planned series of 12 supersized container ships to be built for Evergreen Marine. She was built at the Samsung Heavy Industries shipyard and was delivered in 29 July 2022. The vessel made its first travel in early August, by sailing from the Port of Taipei in Taiwan. One of her earliest travels was to Rotterdam, the Netherlands in 2021.

Savigny-en-Septaine

Savigny-en-Septaine is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 725 people lived there in January 2019.

Chautauqua, New York

Chautauqua ( ) is a town and lake resort community in Chautauqua County, New York, United States. The population was 4,009 at the 2020 census. The town is named after Chautauqua Lake. It is the home of the Chautauqua Institution and the birthplace of the Chautauqua Movement.

The town formed from another, Batavia, on April 11, 1805, while still part of Genesee County. 


Peacock Princess

The Peacock Princess or Chao Sisouthone and Nang Manola is a Tai legend. This story features in the folklore of Myanmar, Cambodia, Thailand, Laos, Sri Lanka, northern Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam and China.



2022 Oder environmental disaster

The 2022 Oder environmental disaster occurred in August. Many fish, beavers and other wildlife in the Oder river in Poland and Germany died. This caused a health and environmental crisis.

On 11 August 2022, it was discovered that some parts of the Oder river were contaminated and many dead fish were seen on shore.

The discovery was made by local fishermen.

2022 Cetinje shooting

On 12 August 2022, a mass shooting happened in Cetinje, Montenegro. A man killed ten people and injured six others. The shooting was caused by a fight between the shooter and people renting his home.

The gunman was Vučko Borilović. He was shot and killed by an armed civilian. It is the deadliest mass shooting in Montenegro's history.

Vittorio De Sica

Vittorio de Sica (7 July 1901 – 13 November 1974) was a Italian movie director and actor.

Luis Enrique Oberto

Luis Enrique Oberto González (19 August 1928 – 8 August 2022) was a Venezuelan banker and COPEI politician. He was the Minister of Finance from 1972 to 1974. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1979 to 1999. He was also the chamber president from 1990 to 1994. Oberto was born in Caracas, Venezuela.

Oberto died on 8 August 2022 in Caracas at the age of 93.

David Tomassoni

David Joseph Tomassoni (December 5, 1952 – August 11, 2022) was an American politician and ice hockey player. He was a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), however, Tomassoni left the party to become independent in November 2020. Tomassoni was born in Bemidji, Minnesota. 

Tomassoni played ice hockey in Italy for 16 years and for the Italian national team at the 1984 Winter Olympics.

Tomassoni was a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1993 to 2001. He later became a member of the Minnesota Senate from 2001 until his death. During his time in the senate, he was the Senate President from 2020 to 2021. He was state senate president pro tempore from 2021 to 2022. 

In July 2021, Tomassoni announced he had been diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. He died from problems caused by the disease on August 11, 2022 under hospice care in Duluth, Minnesota at the age of 69.

Togo Palazzi

Togo Anthony Palazzi (August 8, 1932 – August 12, 2022) was an American basketball player. He played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for the Boston Celtics and Syracuse Nationals between 1954 to 1960. Palazzi was born in Union City, New Jersey.

Palazzi died on August 12, 2022, four days after his 90th birthday.

Vyacheslav Semyonov

Vyacheslav Semyonov (, ; 18 August 1947 – 12 August 2022) was a Ukrainian footballer. He played as a midfielder or striker. He played for the Soviet Union national football team in 1972, making eleven appearances and four goals. He won a bronze medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Semyonov died on 12 August 2022, six days before his 74th birthday.

Piero Angela

Piero Angela (; 22 December 1928 – 13 August 2022) was an Italian television host, science journalist, writer and pianist. He was best known for creating documentaries that were inspired by the BBC and David Attenborough.

Angela died on 13 August 2022 in Cagliari, Italy at the age of 93.

Denise Dowse

Denise Yvonne Dowse (February 21, 1958 – August 13, 2022) was an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Mrs. Yvonne Teasley in the Fox teen drama television series "Beverly Hills, 90210", Judge Rebecca Damsen in the CBS drama series "The Guardian", and Dr. Rhonda Pine in the HBO comedy-drama television series "Insecure".

On August 5, 2022, Dowse was hospitalized for meningitis and she later fell into a coma. She died on August 13, 2022, at the age of 64.

International Chemistry Olympiad

The International Chemistry Olympiad (IChO) is a chemistry-themed International Olympiad. The first IChO was held in 1968. It has gradually expanded to over 80 countries from all continents. The competition takes place each year organized by a different host country observing the regulations and traditions of the IChO.

The IChO is intended to stimulate the activities of students interested in chemistry by a way of the independent and creative solution of chemical problems. It encourages cooperation and international understanding.

Baddiewinkle

Helen Ruth Elam (born July 18, 1928), better known as Baddiewinkle or Baddie Winkle, is an American internet personality. She became a popular internet celebrity in her 80s. She is known for her social media tagline "Stealing Your Man Since 1928". She is also known for being an activist for legalizing medical marijuana. 

Olivia DeJonge

Olivia DeJonge (; born 30 April 1998) is an Australian actress. She is known for playing Tara Swift / Shaneen Quigg in ABC1's "Hiding", Becca in "The Visit" (2015), Elle in Netflix's "The Society" and Priscilla Presley in the biopic movie "Elvis" (2022).

Illinois chorus frog

The Illinois chorus frog ("Pseudacris illinoensis") is a frog. It lives in the middle of the United States. It lives all the way from Illinois to Missouri and Arkansas.

Not all scientists agree that this frog is one species. Some scientists think it is part of the species "Pseudacris steckeri".

Appalachian Mountain chorus frog

The mountain chorus frog, Appalachian mountain chorus frog, or chorus frog ("Pseudacris brachyphona") is a frog. It lives in the United States. It lives on the western sides of the Appalachian Mountains. It lives in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Kentucky, and Tennessee to the very northern part of Alabama.

The adult frog is 35 mm long from nose to rear end. They can be light gray, light brown, or olive gray in color. They have lighter color on their bellies. Each frog has two stripes on its face from the mouth to the ear. They have dark stripes on their backs and legs. There is some yellow color on the back legs.
The female frog lays eggs in groups of 10-50. They stick to dead plants on the bottom of the water.

Dhanashree Deshpande - Ganatra

Dhanashree Deshpande - Ganatra (born 2 February 1970 in Khopoli, Maharashtra) is an Indian musician. She is best known for her musical variety show "You, Me and Chai", which has been performed live across Maharashtra since 2013. She is also known for her book of devotional poetry "Dhanu Dnyaniyachi" (2016). She has composed music for the films "Tikli and Laxmi Bomb" (2017), and "Bayko Deta Ki Bayko" (2020). She has also produced songs for singers Arya Ambekar and Aditya Mahajan, and sang on an album with Rahul Deshpande.

John K

The name John K could refer to:


Oneida people

The Oneida people (autonym: Onʌyoteˀa·ká·, Onyota'a:ka) are a Native American and First Nation tribe. They were part of the Iroquois Confederacy. Their name means "People of the Standing Stone". The Oneida, Mohawk, Onondaga, Cayuga, and Seneca were the first tribes of the Iroquois Confederacy. The Oneida lived in upstate New York and around the Great Lakes. There are four tribes today. The US government recognizes the Oneida Indian Nation in New York and the Oneida Nation in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Canada recognizes the Six Nations of the Grand River and Oneida Nation of the Thames in Ontario, Canada.

The Oneida had large amounts of land before colonists came. The Oneida and the Iroquois Confederacy had to give up lands in several treaties with the United States. These treaties created new boundaries for Native lands. The Iroquois signed Treaties of Fort Stanwix in 1764 and 1784. In these treaties, the Iroquois had to give up lands in Pennsylvania, Kentucky, West Virginia, and New York.

The Oneida people are known for supporting the Americans in the American Revolution. Oneida were first neutral during the American Revolution. Most eventually supported the Americans. The Mohawks supported the British and attacked the Oneida. Polly Cooper helped American troops at Valley Forge. Chief Skenandon and his people brought food to the troops in 1777.

After the war, the Iroquois got back lands in the Treaty of Canandaigua (1794). This treaty created peace and friendship between the United States and the Iroquois. However, the Americans took back these lands. They had contact with Quakers in New York. The Oneida broke up into groups. There were disagreements with Quakers about lands and missions.

In the early 19th century, the Oneida did not have land and moved to Wisconsin. Chief Daniel Bread helped with the Treaty in Wisconsin (1838).

The main food was corn (agriculture). The tribe farmed the Three Sisters (corn, beans, squash). There were different foods for different seasons. Fall foods included dried fruits, nuts, wild rice. They ate more fatty foods before the winter. Meats included deer, geese, duck and raccoon. In the spring Oneida ate wild onions, leeks, milkweeds, dandelions and maple candy. They also did fishing in the spring. The summer foods included fruits like strawberries, blackberries, raspberries, blueberries, pears, plums, peaches, apples, and grapes.

The tribe lived in longhouses. There were about 60 to 100 longhouses in the Oneida Nation. There were individual clans. The three clans of the Oneida Nation are turtle, wolf, and bear.

The Oneida nation had a tribal council. Mothers played an important role in decisions. The Oneida were matrilineal. This means descent and family was through the mother. Men did hunting and fishing. Women prepared food, cooked and cleaned.

Clothing had meaning in the Oneida culture. Clothing included clan symbols. Oneida wore animal skins. When European settlers came, they wore more cotton and cloths clothing. Women wore headbands with many beads. Men wore a "kastoweh" or feathered hat.

The tribe had social and ceremonial dancing. Social dancing was public. Examples included round dance, rabbit dance, old moccasin dance and canoe or fishing dance. Ceremonial dancing was sacred and more private. Ceremonial dances included Maple Syrup, Strawberry, Bean, Sun and Moon dances. Ceremonial dancing included singing.


Chuu (singer)

Kim Ji-woo (Korean: 김지우; born October 20, 1999), known professionally as Chuu (Korean: 츄), is a South Korean singer and television personality. She is a former member of the girl group Loona.

Chuu was born on October 20, 1999. She is the oldest of three children, with two younger brothers. When she auditioned for Blockberry Creative she sang "Halo" by Beyoncé. 

Chuu was revealed as the tenth member of Loona on December 14, 2017. On December 28 she released her self-titled single album with "Heart Attack" as the lead song. Chuu promoted as a member of Loona until November 25, 2022 when Blockberry Creative announced she was removed from the group.

Chuu continued her personal activities and filming.

On April 7, Chuu became the first artist to sign with a new company called ATRP.

Chuu appeared in the web drama "Dating Class" as Han Eun-sol in May 10, 2019. 

In March 2020, Chuu competed in King of Mask Singer as contestant "Spring Girl". 

During a wave of bullying accusations against other K-pop stars, Chuu was one of the peopl accused of school bullying in February 2021. The accuser later apologised and said the accusations were false after Blockberry Creative announced they would take legal action against the accuser.


Commutation Act

The Commutation Act of 1784 was a law passed in Britain to lower tariffs on tea. An academic article on the act begins by stating: "By lowering duties so as to remove the incentive for smuggling, the Commutation Act of 1784 marks a turning-point in the history of British tea trade."
Prime Minister William Pitt the Younger had led the effort to get the law passed. He had been supported by tea dealers. The law also affected the monopolistic power of the legal importer, the East India Company, giving domestic dealers more power in the trade. 

Treaties of Fort Stanwix

The Treaties of Fort Stanwix (1768, 1784) were treaties between Iroquois Confederacy and British and Americans. The Iroquois gave up lands in Pennsylvania, Kentucky, West Virginia, and New York. The first treaty (1768) was between the Iroquois and the British. It created the "Line of Property" between Iroquois tribes and the Thirteen colonies. Colonists and the Penn Family got lands in Pennsylvania. This changed the former Royal Proclamation of 1763. The second treaty (1784) was after the American Revolution and between the Iroquois and the United States. Americans wanted to expand westward. They realized that the Line of Property was not enough. This treaty weakened the Iroquois.


Treaty of Canandaigua

The Treaty of Canandaigua or Pickering Treaty or the Calico Treaty (1794) was a treaty between the Iroquois Confederacy and the United States. The treaty was signed after the American Revolution. Sachems (chiefs) signed the treaty for the Iroquois. Notable Iroquois include Cornplanter, Handsome Lake, Little Beard, Red Jacket and Farmer's Brother. Timothy Pickering signed the treaty for the United States. The treaty created peace between the Iroquois and the United States. The treaty was meant to resolve conflict. The Iroquois were not happy that the United States got land from Britain after the American Revolution. The Iroquois said no to the Fort Harmar and Fort Stanwix treaties. The Iroquois and United States had a conference for several months from September to November. The treaty said Americans couldn't take lands of the Iroquois. It acknowleged lands owned by Oneida and Seneca people. The US would also give money to the Iroquois each year.


Orange, Vermont

Orange is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.

Strafford, Vermont

Strafford is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.

Thetford, Vermont

Thetford is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.

Topsham, Vermont

Topsham is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.

Tunbridge, Vermont

Tunbridge is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.

Vershire, Vermont

Vershire is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.

Washington, Vermont

Washington is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.

West Fairlee, Vermont

West Fairlee is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.

Williamstown, Vermont

Williamstown is a town in Orange County, Vermont, United States.

Albany, Vermont

Albany is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Barton, Vermont

Barton is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Brownington, Vermont

Brownington is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Charleston, Vermont

Charleston is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Coventry, Vermont

Coventry is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

La Chapelotte

La Chapelotte is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 136 people lived there in January 2019.

Saint-Doulchard

Saint-Doulchard is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. It is on the outskirts of Bourges. About 9,607 people lived there in January 2019.

Lissay-Lochy

Lissay-Lochy is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 229 people lived there in January 2019.

Grossouvre

Grossouvre is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 266 people lived there in January 2019.

Vallenay

Vallenay is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 717 people lived there in January 2019.

Chaumont, Cher

Chaumont is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 50 people lived there in January 2019.

Corquoy

Corquoy is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. The former commune Sainte-Lunaise was merged into Corquoy on 1 January 2019. About 203 people lived there in January 2019.

Herry, Cher

Herry is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 967 people lived there in January 2019.

Amalfi

Amalfi is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno, in the region of Campania, Italy. It is on the Gulf of Salerno.

Couargues

Couargues is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 200 people lived there in January 2019.

Farges-Allichamps

Farges-Allichamps is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 249 people lived there in January 2019.

Henrichemont

Henrichemont, known in the past as Boisbelle, is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 1,729 people lived there in January 2019.

Loye-sur-Arnon

Loye-sur-Arnon is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 299 people lived there in January 2019.

Châteaumeillant

Châteaumeillant is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 1,751 people lived there in January 2019.

Humbligny

Humbligny is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 182 people lived there in January 2019.

Châteauneuf-sur-Cher

Châteauneuf-sur-Cher is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 1,457 people lived there in January 2019.

Henna (album)

Henna is the only studio album by Lucio Dalla. The album was released on December 2, 1993.

Cours-les-Barres

Cours-les-Barres is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 1,013 people lived there in January 2019.

Coust

Coust is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 442 people lived there in January 2019.

Le Châtelet

Le Châtelet is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 943 people lived there in January 2019.

Couy

Couy is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 363 people lived there in January 2019.

Chaumoux-Marcilly

Chaumoux-Marcilly is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 90 people lived there in January 2019.

Le Chautay

Le Chautay is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 268 people lived there in January 2019.

La Chapelle-Saint-Ursin

La Chapelle-Saint-Ursin is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 3,663 people lived there in January 2019.

The Catered Affair

The Catered Affair is a 1956 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Richard Brooks and was based on the 1955 play of the same name by Paddy Chayefsky. It stars Bette Davis, Ernest Borgnine, Debbie Reynolds, Barry Fitzgerald, Rod Taylor, Robert F. Simon and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Charenton-du-Cher

Charenton-du-Cher is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 1,023 people lived there in January 2019.

Telefe Bahía Blanca

Telefe Bahía Blanca (call sign LU 80 TV) is an Argentine private, over-the-air television station broadcasting on channel 9 from Bahía Blanca, Buenos Aires. The station is an owned and operated station of the Telefe network. Founded on September 24, 1965, the station produces the least amount of local programming in the Telefe group, not showing local shows at all during Sundays.



Ego (TV channel)

Ego Channel is an Israeli digital cable television channel that launched in 2002. Ego's programming is tailored to the "hot-blooded 18-45 male audience". Ego is owned by Ananey Communications, a subsidiary of Disney Platform Distribution.

Programming occurs across four categories:

Paramount Network (international)

Paramount Network is a brand of several television channels operated by Paramount International Networks.





EMMAA & Australia

The Americas

Defunct Channels

Rainbow S.p.A.

Rainbow S.p.A. is an Italian studio co-owned by Iginio Straffi and Paramount Global.

Rainbow founded Tridimensional, a magazine publishing division, in 2004. A 3D animation division, Rainbow CGI, was formed in 2006. Rainbow also established Witty Toys, a toy division, in 2008.

Theia (planet)

Theia is a planet that is thought to have hit the Earth 4.5 billion years ago. The debris from the impact formed the Moon. It is also thought that Earth's water came from Theia.

Theia (disambiguation)

Theia is a Titan in Greek mythology. It may also mean:



Cable Music Channel

The Cable Music Channel (CMC) was a short-lived American basic cable channel. It was owned by the Turner Broadcasting System.


Sundanese language

Sundanese () is a Malayo-Polynesian language. It is spoken by the Sundanese people.

Sundanese is written with the Latin script, Sundanese script, or Pegon script. The Sundanese script is based on the Old Sundanese script. It was introduced in 1997. Pegon is based on the Arabic alphabet.

Sundanese has seven vowels.

Sundanese has eighteen consonants. There are also consonants such as and that are only used in loanwords.

Sweet Charity (movie)

Sweet Charity is a 1969 American romantic musical comedy-drama movie directed by first time director Bob Fosse and is based on the 1966 musical of the same name. It stars Shirley MacLaine, John McMartin, Paula Kelly, Chita Rivera, Barbara Bouchet, Sammy Davis Jr. and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1970.


7food network

7food network was a short-lived Australian free-to-air television channel. It was owned by the Seven Network which launched on 1 December 2018.

Yosiwo George

Yosiwo Palikkun George (July 24, 1941 – August 14, 2022) was the Vice President of the Federated States of Micronesia from 2015 until his death in 2022.

He served as Vice President under the presidencies of Peter M. Christian and David W. Panuelo. He served as Lieutenant Governor of Kosrae, Governor of Kosrae. He also was an Ambassador to the United States, Israel and the United Nations.

He died from COVID-19 on August 14, 2022 at the age of 81.

Brimley's chorus frog

The dismal swamp chorus frog or Brimley's chorus frog ("Pseudacris brimleyi") is a frog. It lives in the east coast of the United States, from Virginia to Georgia.

The adult male frog can be 30 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog can be 35 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is light brown with lines in the middle and sides and a dark stripe from the eye to where the legs meet the body. There is a light colored line from the mouth to the ear. The skin of the belly is yellow-white in color.

Associated Artists Productions

Associated Artists Productions, Inc. (a.a.p.) later known as United Artists Associated was an American distributor of theatrical feature movies and subjects for television. 

Through a series of acquisitions, Associated Artists Productions' assets have passed to Warner Bros. Discovery. Associated Artists Productions was the copyright owner of the "Popeye" shorts by Paramount Pictures, and the pre-1948 color "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" series of shorts produced by Warner Bros..

Beme (company)

Beme Inc. () (pronounced as 'be me'), stylized as beme, was a multimedia company founded by Matt Hackett and Casey Neistat, a vlogger and short film maker on YouTube. Beme Inc. was the creator of the mobile app Beme. On November 28, 2016, CNN announced that it would acquire Beme. CNN intended to invest in the company and create a new brand focused on a young audience. The Beme app was officially shut down on January 31, 2017. 

Boomerang (Latin American TV channel)

Boomerang was a 24-hour cable television channel. It is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery under its International division. 


Interstate 285 (Georgia)

Interstate 285 (I-285) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway loop around Atlanta, Georgia, for . It connects three interstate highways to Atlanta: I-20, I-75 and I-85. The highway is also known as The Perimeter.

Mottled duck

The mottled duck ("Anas fulvigula") is a bird in the Anatidae family.

Jacques Kyabula Katwe

Jacques Kyabula Katwe was born on 13 March 1976 in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the likasi city. He is the governor of the Haut-Katanga Province since 10 April 2019. 

José Luis Espejo Pérez

José Luis Espejo Pérez ( Barcelona, 1965 ), is a Spanish- language writer. He is specialized in historical essays. He has a degree in Geography and History from the University of Barcelona.
Between 1985 and 1992 he was editor of the critical magazine "L'esborrany", published in Sant Boi de Llobregat. At the same time he worked as an editor in several technical press magazines. Between the years 1992 and 1998 he collaborated in the preparation of three monographs of a social nature in the magazine Arguments and Proposals, published by "L'Eina Editorial".

Between 1998 and 2002 he lived in the city of Bath (United Kingdom), a period in which he worked as a screenwriter in several audiovisual companies. Previously (in 1994) he spent eight months in the United States. His knowledge of the cultural reality in these two Anglo-Saxon countries brought him into contact with the two subjects he deals with most in his books: Social Reality and Critical History. He returned to Spain in 2002, to dedicate himself to writing historical essay books, among them, "El Conocimiento secreto: Los entresijos de las sociedades secretas" and "Los hijos del Edén: toda la verdad sobre la Atlántida." He made trips to Italy and France (until 2007 and 2008), compiling for 10 years a large amount of documentation on the life and work of Leonardo da Vinci . As a result of this research, he published the book: "Leonardo: los años perdidos", and later "El viaje secreto de Leonardo da Vinci" and "Los mensajes ocultos de Leonardo da Vinci" .
Helena R. Olmo quotes him in her article on the tomb of Gioconda. The television presenter and writer Christian Gálvez quotes him in his novel about Leonardo. Jesús Ángel Sánchez Rivera alludes to his "picturesque" theses in a work entitled "Seguir la corriente o navegar sobre las olas", published in the magazine Clio: History and History Teaching. He was a contributor to the magazine "Más allá de la Ciencia", in which he specializes in articles with historical content. He is also the author of the two books in the series "Temas de Historia Occulta".

Since 2004, he has collaborated in various works of an audiovisual nature and historical memory with the Municipal Historical Archive of Sant Boi de Llobregat (Museum in the neighbourhoods project), "La Atlántida: lo que la ciència oculta" with more than 2,000,000 views.



Cornplanter

John Abeel III or Gaiänt'wakê ("Gyantwachia" – "the planter") or Kaiiontwa'kon ("Kaintwakon" – "By What One Plants"), generally known as Cornplanter was a war chief of the Seneca tribe. He was also Dutch. His father was a Dutch trader, and his mother was a Seneca woman. He was born at Canawagus in New York. He fought in the French and Indian War and the American Revolutionary War. He initially wanted neutrality, but later was allied with the British. After the war, he was a negotiator between the Americans and Seneca people. He signed the Treaty of Fort Stanwix (1784), the Treaty of Fort Harmar (1789) and the Treaty of Canandaigua (1794) These treaties gave up Native land to the United States. Cornplanter invited Quakers to teach young Natives. Natives did not like this that much. Cornplanter believed that Natives should not resist whites. He also believed that Natives should peacefully give up lands. Many Natives were against his views. As a result, Red Jacket replaced Cornplanter as the Seneca leader. Conrplanter later got land in Pennsylvania and retired there.


Brut Productions

Brut Productions was a movie production company. It was an offshoot of Fabergé cosmetics under George Barrie.



C4 (New Zealand TV channel)

C4 was a New Zealand television channel. It was owned and operated by MediaWorks New Zealand.


Canal 8 Sport

CANAL8 Sport was a Danish television channel owned by TV4 Group and C More Entertainment.










Riek Bugter-Jansen

Hendrika Theodora “Riek” Bugter-Jansen (born 19 June 1896) was a Dutch track and field athlete representing athletics club E.K.V.A. in Arnhem. She also played korfball with the same club.

Bugter-Jansen was a main Dutch athlete in the early 1920s when athletics became an established sport for women in the Netherlands. The first women events at the Dutch national championships were at the 1921 Dutch Athletics Championships. In Zeist, Bugter-Janssen won the silver medal in the 80 metres event behind Annie van de Blankevoort.

In 1921 also the national records for the women’s 80 metres was introduced. In early July 1921 at a record attempt during the international competition organized by UDI, she failed to improve the national record. With a time of 11.3 seconds was slower than the time of Van de Blankevoort set earlier. Later in July Bugter-Janssen won the national athletics competition in Zuthpen in a time of 10.8 seconds. This was 0.4 seconds faster than the national record. It was listed in newspapers as a national record, however the time was never official recognized.

In 1922 she won again the 80 metres event in Eendracht.

Hendrika Theodora Jansen was born on 19 June 1896 in Arnhem. Her father Wilhelmus Johannes Jansen was a butcher and her mother was Hendrika Theodora van Haasteren. On 20 August 1919 she married to cabinet maker Hendrikus Allardus George Bugter in Arnhem. Between 26 October and 1 November 1923 their first child was born. Eight years later their second child Hans Bugter was born. 

Denise Nyakéru Tchisekedi

Denise Nyakéru Tchisekedi (born 9 March 1967) is the wife of Félix Tshisekedi, the current president of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. She has been the First Lady of the Congo since 29 January 2019. The previous first lady was Marie Olive Lembe di Sita. She was born in Bukavu, South Kivu in Congo. She is also the president and founder of a foundation under her name."（DNTF)."

Little Beard

Little Beard or Si-gwa-ah-doh-gwih (died 1806) was a Native American Seneca chief. He fought in the American Revolution with the British. His village was Little Beard's Town. He was involved in several attacks against Americans. These attacks include Cherry Valley massacre in 1778 and the Boyd and Parker ambush. Eventually, Americans destroyed Little Beard's Town. Little Beard signed the Treaty of Canandaigua of 1794 with other Seneca chiefs. He signed the Treaty of Big Tree in 1797. 

Topolino

In 1932 the editor Mario Nerbini decided to open a new weekly newspaper for kids, containing illustrated tales with Mickey Mouse. The first issue of "Topolino" was published on December 31, 1932: it contained Mickey's first Italian story drawn by Giove Toppi. In this story, Mickey Mouse was chased by an elephant. However, Nerbini had not correctly secured the publication rights, so when Emmanuel (Disney's representative in Italy) protested, Nerbini changed the title of the comic book with issue #3 into "Topo Lino"(Mouse Lino), replacing Mickey Mouse with "Topo Lino", another mouse. When Nerbini bought the publication rights from Disney and King Features Syndicate, he changed the title back to "Topolino" with issue #5. Floyd Gottfredson's stories made their debut in "Topolino" #7 with a Sunday page featuring Mickey, his girlfriend Minnie Mouse, and Mickey's nephews Morty and Ferdie Fieldmouse. "Topolino" published mainly Mickey Mouse Sunday pages; the daily strips were published in the supplement to the newspaper.

A Hole in the Head

A Hole in the Head is a 1959 American comedy-drama movie directed by Frank Capra and was based on the 1957 play by Arthur Schulman. It stars Frank Sinatra, Edward G. Robinson, Eleanor Parker, Keenan Wynn, Carolyn Jones, Thelma Ritter, Dub Taylor, Eddie Hodges, Connie Sawyer and was distributed by United Artists. It won an Academy Award in 1960.


Arm in Arm Down the Street (1966 movie)

Arm in Arm Down the Street () is a 1966 Argentine Spanish comedy-drama movie directed by Enrique Carreras and was based on the play by Armando Mook. It stars Rodolfo Bebán, Evangelina Salazar, Susanna Campos, Enzo Viena, Lilian Valmar.

Craftsbury, Vermont

Craftsbury is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Ravagers (movie)

Ravagers is a 1979 American science fiction action movie directed by Richard Compton and was based on the 1966 novel "Path to Savagery" by Robert Edmond Alter. It stars Richard Harris, Ernest Borgnine, Anthony James, Ann Turkel, Alana Stewart, Seymour Cassel and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Traffic classification

Traffic classification is an automated process. It categorises computer network traffic according to various parameters into a number of "traffic classes". For example, port number or protocol. 

Classification is achieved by various means.



A comprehensive comparison of various network traffic classifiers. It depends on Deep Packet Inspection in the Independent Comparison of Popular DPI Tools for Traffic Classification.


The Linux network scheduler and Netfilter, both contain logic. It helps to identify and mark or classify network packets.

There are three broad types of network traffic: 


Derby, Vermont

Derby is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Warren, Rhode Island

Warren is a town in Bristol County, Rhode Island, United States.

West Greenwich, Rhode Island

West Greenwich is a town in Kent County, Rhode Island, United States.

Little Compton, Rhode Island

Little Compton is a town in Newport County, Rhode Island, United States.

Secure Terminal Equipment

Secure Terminal Equipment (STE) is the U.S. government's current and encrypted telephone communications system for wired communications ().

It is designed to use ISDN telephone lines. It offers higher speeds of up to 128 Kbit/s. The greater bandwidth allows higher quality voice. They also can also be used for data and fax transmission through a built-in RS-232 port.

STE is intended to replace the older STU-III office system and the KY-68 tactical system.



Portsmouth, Rhode Island

Portsmouth is a town in Newport County, Rhode Island, United States.

Tiverton, Rhode Island

Tiverton is a town in Newport County, Rhode Island, United States.

Lincoln, Rhode Island

Lincoln is a town in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States.

North Providence, Rhode Island

North Providence is a town in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States.

Scituate, Rhode Island

Scituate is a town in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States.

Death Takes a Holiday

Death Takes a Holiday is a 1934 American romantic fantasy drama movie directed by Mitchell Leisen and was based on the 1924 play "La morte in vacanza" by Alberto Casella. It stars Frederic March, Evelyn Venable, Guy Standing, Katherine Alexander, Kathleen Howard, Gail Patrick and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was remade as Meet Joe Black in 1998.


Bourne, Massachusetts

Bourne is a town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States.

CableCARD

CableCARD is a special PC Card device. It allows consumers in the United States to view and record digital cable television channels on digital video recorders and personal computers. 

It is also done in television sets on equipment such as a set-top box not provided by a cable television company. The card is generally provided by the local cable operator, typically for a nominal monthly fee.

A 2020 FCC decision removed the requirement for cable companies to provide CableCARDs. However they are still required to provide consumer access options via "separable security".

"CableCARD" is a term trademarked by CableLabs for the Point of Deployment (POD) module defined by standards including SCTE 28, SCTE 41, CEA-679 and others. The physical CableCARD is inserted into a slot in the host (typically a digital television set or a set-top box) in order to identify and authorize the customer. 

It is also to provide decoding of the encrypted digital cable signal without the need for a proprietary set-top box. The cable tuner, QAM demodulator, and MPEG decoder are part of the host equipment. .

Interactive features such as video on demand depends on the CableCARD Host device being an OpenCable Host Device. They have nothing to do with the physical card. This makes the common use of the phrase "CableCARD 2.0" as a requirement for video on demand misleading.

The physical CableCARD is a PC Card type II. It handles decryption of video. It also ensures that only authorized subscribers may view it. This is also known as a "conditional-access module" function.

No actual M-Cards were released before the introduction of CableCARD 2.0, which combined and enhanced the CableCARD 1.0 and Multi-Stream standards.

Integrated cable set-top boxes perform four basic functions:


New digital televisions and other devices that are labeled "DCR" (Digital cable ready) contain:

CableCARDs were adopted outside the United States, only in South Korea, in pair with Nagravision and VideoGuard conditional access (CA) systems. U.S. adoptions of CableCARD were mostly paired with Cisco's "PowerKEY" (originally developed by Scientific Atlanta) and Motorola's (now Arris) "MediaCipher" CA systems.


RF modulator

An RF modulator (or radio frequency modulator) is an electronic device. Its input is a baseband signal. It is used to modulate a radio frequency source.

Before the introduction of specialised video connector standards such as SCART, TVs were designed to only accept signals through the aerial connector. When equipment was developed which could use a television receiver as its display device, the signal was modulated and sent to the RF input connector.

RF modulators are now largely a third-party product. It is purchased primarily to run newer equipment such as DVD players with an old television set.

RF modulation puts the desired information on to a carrier signal at a standardized frequency. Amplitude or frequency modulation may be used, as required by the receiving equipment.

Even some units that have two or more audio inputs simply combine the left and right audio channels into one mono audio signal.

RF modulators produce a relatively poor picture. This is because the image quality is lost during both the modulation from the source device, and the demodulation in the television.

RF modulators are commonly integrated into VCRs and video game consoles up to the fourth generation, and in 8- and 16-bit home computers.

RF modulators may also be used to take the audio and video signal from a PAL or NTSC composite video, RGB, YUV or other composite AV source. It also generate a broadcast RF signal that can be fed into a television's aerial/coaxial connector.


Glover, Vermont

Glover is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Greensboro, Vermont

Greensboro is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Holland, Vermont

Holland is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Irasburg, Vermont

Irasburg is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Jay, Vermont

Jay is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Anshu Jain

Anshuman Jain (7 January 1963 – 12 August 2022) was an Indian-born British business executive. From 2017 to 2022, he was the president of Cantor Fitzgerald. He was the Global co-CEO and co-Chairman of Deutsche Bank from June 2012 until July 2015. He was born in Jaipur, India.

Jain died on 12 August 2022 from a rare form of stomach cancer in the United Kingdom, aged 59.

Lowell, Vermont

Lowell is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Morgan, Vermont

Morgan is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Newport (town), Vermont

Newport is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Giza church fire

On 14 August 2022, a fire happened at the Abu Sefein Church, a Coptic church in Giza, Egypt. It happened during Sunday worship services when nearly 5,000 worshippers were at the church. Forty-one people were killed, including at least eighteen children. 14 others were injured.

Troy, Vermont

Troy is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Westfield, Vermont

Westfield is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Westmore, Vermont

Westmore is a town in Orleans County, Vermont, United States.

Rossana Di Lorenzo

Rossana Di Lorenzo (4 March 1938 – 13 August 2022) was an Italian actress. Her best known roles were in "Le coppie", "Il comune senso del pudore" and "Le Bal".

Lorenzo died on 13 August 2022 in Rome, Italy at the age of 84.

Rodolfo Bebán

Rodolfo Bebán (25 May 1938 – 14 August 2022) was an Argentine actor. He appeared in more than forty movies between 1962 and 2022. He was born in Ciudadela, Argentina. His best known roles were in "Arm in Arm Down the Street", "Hotel alojamiento", "Juan Moreira" and "El Fantástico mundo de María Montiel".

Bebán died on 14 August 2022, at the age of 84. 

Kristaq Dhamo

Kristaq Dhamo (20 April 1933 – 14 August 2022) was an Albanian actor and movie director. His 1958 movie "Tana" was shown at the 1st Moscow International Film Festival. His career lasted from 1958 until 1987. He was born in Fier, Albania.

Dhamo died on 14 August 2022 at the age of 89.

Svika Pick

Zvika Pick (; 3 October 1949 – 14 August 2022) was a Polish-born Israeli pop singer-songwriter, composer, and television personality. He was born in Wrocław, Poland. He was known for writing songs that were contestants in the Eurovision Song Contest. These songs include "Diva" (1998), "Light a Candle" (2002) and "Hasta la Vista" (2003). He was also a musical judge on the reality show "Kokhav Nolad" from 2005 to 2009.

His daughter, Daniella Pick, married American director Quentin Tarantino in 2018.

Pick died on 14 August 2022 from cardiac arrest in Ramat HaSharon, Israel at the age of 72.

Ramat HaSharon

Ramat HaSharon (, "lit." "Sharon Heights" or "Heights of the (Great) Plain", ) is a city on Israel's central coastal section in the south of the Sharon region.

Dmitri Vrubel

Dmitri Vladimirovich Vrubel (; 14 July 1960 – 13 August 2022) was a Russian painter. He was best known for his painting "My God, Help Me to Survive This Deadly Love," which showed communist leaders Leonid Brezhnev and Erich Honecker kissing. This painting was graffiti on the Berlin Wall. He was born in Moscow.

Vrubel died on 14 August 2022, at the age of 62 from problems caused by COVID-19 at the age of 62.

Academy of Television Arts &amp; Sciences

The Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (ATAS), also known as the Television Academy, is a professional honorary organization that focuses on the television industry in the United States. It is a 501(c)(6) non-profit organization. It was founded in 1946. It presents the Primetime Emmy Awards.

Deadline Hollywood

Deadline Hollywood, also known as Deadline and Deadline.com, is an online news site. It was founded as the news blog Deadline Hollywood Daily by Nikki Finke in 2006. The site is updated many times a day. They focus on entertainment news. 

IndieWire

IndieWire is a movie business and review website. It was created in 1996. The site's focus was independent film. Today, however, it covers almost anything that is related to Hollywood such as popular movies, shows and celebrities.

Playbill

Playbill is a monthly U.S. magazine for theater fans. Most copies of "Playbill" are printed for specific stage productions and are given at the door as the show's program.

"Playbill" was first printed in 1884. The magazine is now used at nearly every Broadway theatre, as well as many Off-Broadway productions. Outside New York City, "Playbill" is used at theaters throughout the United States. 

In September 2012, about 4,073,680 "Playbills" were made.

Athabasca University

Athabasca University (AU) is a Canadian public research university. It is mainly an online school. It was founded in 1970. It is one of the four academic and research universities in Alberta and was the first Canadian university to focus in distance education.

Robert Fulford (journalist)

Robert Marshall Blount Fulford (born February 13, 1932) is a Canadian journalist, magazine editor, and essayist. He was born in Ottawa, Ontario. He was a columnist for "The Toronto Star" from the 1950s to the 1970s. From 1963 to 1964 he was a columnist and editor of the Reviews section at "Maclean's" magazine.

The Canadian Encyclopedia

The Canadian Encyclopedia (TCE; ) is the national encyclopedia of Canada. It was published online by the Historica Canada. It also has the support of Canadian Heritage.

They are available for free online in both English and French. "The Canadian Encyclopedia" includes more than 19,500 articles in both languages about anything that is related to the country's history, culture, geography and entertainment areas.

Elizabeth (biblical figure)

Elizabeth (also spelled Elisabeth) was the mother of John the Baptist. She was the husband of Zechariah. 

The angel Gabriel said to Zechariah that Elizabeth would have a son. Zechariah did not believe that his wife could have a son, because she was old. The angel made him mute (unable to speak). Elizabeth then became pregnant.

Roberto Jefferson

Roberto Jefferson Monteiro Francisco (born June 14, 1953) is a Brazilian politician. Jefferson was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1983 to 2005. He was removed from office over multiple corruption scandals. This banned him from being elected to any public office until 2015. He was a key figure of the Mensalão scandal.

His daughter is former Deputy Cristiane Brasil. He was born in Petrópolis, Brazil. He ran for President of Brazil in the 2022 election.

Cristiane Brasil

Cristiane Brasil Francisco, commonly known as Cristiane Brasil (born 21 December 1973), is a Brazilian lawyer and politician. She was a member of the Brazilian Labor Party (PTB). She was a Federal Deputy between 2015 and 2019.

Brasil was nominated as Minister of Labour in January 2018, but the Federal Justice suspended her nomination.

Kawasaki

Kawasaki () may refer to:






Soraya Thronicke

Soraya Vieira Thronicke (born 1 June 1973) is a Brazilian politician and lawyer. She has been the Senator from Mato Grosso do Sul since 2019. She was the UNIÃO nominee for President of Brazil in the 2022 election. Her views are seen as economically liberal and socially conservative.

Hello Kitty murder case

The Hello Kitty murder case was the murder of Fanin Hong Kong. Man-yee lived in an orphanage until she was 15, when she was kicked out because no one wanted to take her. She became homeless and got addicted to drugs. Eventually, she became a street prostitute and when she turned 21, she joined a brothel. Fan married a fellow addict, who was also her client in 1996. She gave birth to a boy in 1998. Man-yee's husband was abusive, as claimed by their neighbors.

A triad member named Chan Man-lok (34 years old) was a regular client of Fan Man-yee. In early 1999, Fan Man-yee stole about $4000 HK ($500) from Man-lok. When she got caught, she immediately returned the wallet. But, when Chan Man-lok asked for an extra $HK 10,000 from her, she said that she needed more time to get the money. The kidnapping took place on 17th March, 1999.

She was kidnapped by 3 men and a young girl, Ah Fong who was groomed by Chan Man-lok. They took her to an apartment in Tsim Sha Tsui (No. 31 Granville Road) and imprisoned her for a month until her death.

She was raped and tortured and was beaten with household items and was also used as a punching bag. She was also kicked in the head (around 50 times). Her legs and feet were burned with wax and hot plastic which made her unable to walk. She was also forced to consume Ah Fong's feces and the men's urine. And, if she was refusing, she would be beaten more. She was forced to smile and say that she had enjoyed the abuse. Eventually, she died because of traumatic shock on 15th April 1999. Her body was dismembered and boiled, and her head was shoved into a Hello Kitty doll, providing a title for this case. Only her skull, one tooth and few internal organs remained.

Ah Fong told the police about this after she had been seeing the image of a young woman in her 20s haunting her, which she assumed was Fan Man-yee. The people who allegedly abused her repeatedly were Leung Wai-Lun (21), Leung Shing-cho (27), Chan Man-Lok (34) and his grooming victim, Ah Fong (14). After a six-week long trial, the three men were convicted of manslaughter due to the jury's inability to judge whether her death was due to a drug overdose or murder. But, they sentenced the men because their abuse had a role in her death. Ah Fong testified in trial as an exchange for immunity.

Justice Peter Nguyen states that Hong Kong had never heard of a more gruesome crime, and the psychiatric reports marked the three as 'remorseless'. There was no review for parole for 20 years, until 2020.

Mara Gabrilli

Mara Cristina Gabrilli (born 28 September 1967) is a Brazilian psychologist, advertiser and politician. She was elected as a federal deputy from 2011 to 2019. In 2019, she was elected to the federal senate. 

She became a quadriplegic in 1994 because of a car accident. Gabrilli is an activist for people with disabilities.

Gabrilli is the MDB nominee for Vice President of Brazil in the 2022 election.

Meine Seel erhebt den Herren, BWV 10

"Meine Seel erhebt den Herren", BWV 10, is a chorale cantata written by Johann Sebastian Bach. The title means "My soul magnifies the Lord". It is based on the German language version of the Magnificat, Meine Seele erhebt den Herren. It was written for the Feast of the Visitation. It was first performed on 2 July 1724 in Leipzig.

The cantata has seven movements. It is written for SATB choir and soloists, trumpet, two oboes, two violins, a viola, and basso continuo.

The duet "" was arranged by Bach for the organ. It was published in his Schübler Chorales.

André Janones

André Luis Gaspar Janones (born 5 May 1984) is a Brazilian lawyer and politician. He is a member of Avante. He has been a federal deputy for Minas Gerais since 2019. He ran for President of Brazil in the 2022 election.

Television in the Philippines

Television in the Philippines was introduced in October 1953.






Primera Divisió

The Lliga Nacional de Fútbol, also known as Primera Divisió (First Division) or Campionat de Lliga, is the top football league of Andorra.
The league was established in 1995 through the local federation (Andorran Football Federation). Till that year the clubs played since 1970 an amateur league without any contact to a official institution.. The league joined UEFA and FIFA in 1996 so the Andorran clubscan play in the UEFA competitions.

Until 2015 the league was known as "Lliga Grup Becier" and during 2016 "Lliga Grup Sant Eloi". 2017 it was renamed as Lliga Multisegur Assegurances for sponsorship reasons.

All the teams in the league play in the six stadiums owned by the federation. That also happens in all other Andorran competitions, such as Copa Constitució and Andorran Supercup.

The Andorran Football Federation organizes the matches of "Primera Divisió" and "Segona Divisió" in the stadiums owned by the local federation. Also the federation distributes the stadiums and fields for the training sessions for each team. Since the 2016–17 season, FC Encamp is the only club that has its own stadium (✚), located in Prada de Moles (Camp de Futbol d'Encamp). Until 2016 the Camp d'Esports d'Aixovall hosted former matches of "Primera Divisió" and "Segona Divisió".

Ambrose Lee

Ambrose Lee Siu-kwong (; 17 August 1948 – 14 August 2022) was a Hong Kong politician. He was born in then-British Hong Kong. From 1998 to 2002, he was the Director of Immigration. From 2002 to 2003, he was the Commissioner of the Independent Commission Against Corruption. From 2003 to 2010, he was the Secretary for Security.

Lee died on 14 August 2022 after falling at his home in Hong Kong, three days before his 74th birthday.

Mylène de Zoete

Mylène de Zoete (born 3 January 1999) is a Dutch road and track cyclist. She is a member of the Dutch women's road bicycle racing team AG Insurance–NXTG since 2020. As a track cyclist she represents the Netherlans at international tournaments.

De Zoete won the bronze medal in the elimination race event at the 2022 UEC European Track Championships. This was her first main senior international achievement.

Collinses' mountain chorus frog

Collinses' mountain chorus frog ("Pseudacris collinsorum") is a frog. It lives in the United States. It lives in the very southern part of the Appalachian Mountains and other places nearby in Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, and North Carolina.

Sylvia Luke

Sylvia J. Luke (born December 15, 1967) is an Korean-American lawyer and politician. Since 2022, she has been the 16th lieutenant governor of Hawaii under Governor Josh Green. Luke also served as a member of the Hawaii House of Representatives from 1999 until 2022.

In August 2022, Luke won the Democratic nomination for lieutenant governor.

Chittenden, Vermont

Chittenden () is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States. The population was 1,237 at the 2020 census.

Tijmen van Loon

Tijmen van Loon (born 20 March 2001) is a Dutch track cyclist. Van Loon represents the Netherlands at international tournaments. 

Van Loon became European Champion in the under-23 sprint event at the 2022 UEC European Track Championships (under-23 & junior). He competed at the 2022 UEC European Track Championships in the men's sprint event where he was eliminated in the quarter finals.

Van Loon studies studying political at the Radboud University Nijmegen.

What Will People Say

What Will People Say () is a 2017 internationally co-produced drama film directed and written by Iram Haq. The movie's scenes set in Pakistan were all shot in India, mostly in Rajasthan.

Liger (movie)

Liger is a 2022 Indian sports action movie. It was written and directed by Puri Jagannadh. 

"Liger" theatrically released on 25 August 2022.

After his father Lion Balram's death in the MMA National Championship, Liger and his mother Balamani move to Mumbai from Banaras/Karimnagar. Balamani is determined to turn Liger into a MMA champion and takes him to a coach named Christopher, who trains him. While Liger is on his way to getting perfect in this sport, he meets Tanya and falls in love with her. After learning from her brother Sanju that Liger has a stammering problem, Tanya leaves him. Liger wins the national championship after getting motivated by his rejection. Liger moves on to participate in the International Championship, sponsored by Tanya's Father.

Liger wins every match and moves on to the finals. However, Tanya is kidnapped days before the finals and when confronted, Tanya's father reveals that he borrowed money from a gangster to set up his business, and remains helpless. Liger decides to save Tanya himself which ultimately causes him to miss his finals, where he stumbles across the person who kidnaped Tanya, Mark Henderson, whom Liger admires for his greatness, but challenges him to a fight in order to get Tanya. The fight was being streamed live at the MMA Finals. When Liger is on the verge of losing, he remembers the advice that Balamani gave and defeats Mark. Mark takes a picture with Liger and Tanya, where Liger becomes an international level MMA Fighter.

Tinka Offereins

Tinka Offereins (born 5 October 1993) is a Dutch rower. 

Offereins represents Netherlands at international competitions in the women's coxless four and women's eight. In the women's eight she won medals at the 2020 European Rowing Championships and 2021 European Rowing Championships. At the World Cup in Poland in 2022 she won the women's eight race and finished second in the women's coxless four. She won the bronze medal at the 2022 European Rowing Championships in the women's eight event. 

Offereins started when she was young with tennis and athletics. At the age of 16 years old she stopped with playing tennis. She won with athletics a medal at the Dutch junior athletic championships.

Cartoon Network Too

Cartoon Network Too (stylised CN Too) was a British television channel that was owned by Turner Broadcasting. CN Too was the sister station of Cartoon Network, and it often aired programmes a while after they are shown on the main Cartoon Network. Cartoon Network Too was shut down on 1 April 2014.


China Entertainment Television

China Entertainment Television (CETV) was a Mandarin Chinese-language satellite television channel in the Greater China region, owned jointly by the TOM Group (majority shareholder) and the United States' TBS Networks. The broadcaster was originally based in Kowloon Tong, Hong Kong, but moved to Shenzhen, China since 2003.

On 25 October 2016, TOM Group announced that operations of the television station would be ceased at the end of 2016. The Communications Authority approved to end its non-domestic television programme service licence on 23 December 2016 and it ceased broadcast on 31 December 2016.


Marloes Oldenburg

Marloes Oldenburg  (born 9 March 1988) is a Dutch rower. 

Oldenburg was born in The Hague. At a young age she moved with her parents to Leeuwarden. She was a swimmer with club "Orca". She was a good swimmer who won many prizes. She trained together with international swimmers including Ranomi Kromowidjojo. However, she wasn't good enough to make it to the national team. She stopped with swimming when she moved for her studies to Groningen. As sports she did sports climbing before she came in contact with rowing.

Eventually she became a member of the national team with coach Josy Verdonkschot. She was a rower in the double sculls with Lisa Scheenaard. At the moment they had to qualify for the 2016 Summer Olympics, Oldenburg was ill and they couldn't qualify. Her first international championships medal was a silver medal at 2017 European Rowing Championships in the double sculls with Lisa Scheenaard. She had a succesfull year in 2018. As a rower of the women's eight she had two World Cup victories, won bronze at the 2018 European Rowing Championships and were the fastest European team at the women's eight event at the World Championships. In 2021 she won silver at the 2021 European Rowing Championships and she won again a bronze medal at the 2022 European Rowing Championships. 

Central Bank of the Congo

The Central Bank of the Congo (CBC) (in French language: "Banque Centrale du Congo") is the Central Bank of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It has been established in 1997 during the presidency of Laurent-Désiré Kabila. The bank's main offices are on Boulevard Colonel Tshiatshi in Gombe Kinshasa. The governor is Malangu Kabedi Mbuyi and Vice-governor Dieudonne Fikiri


CNN+ (TV network)

CNN+ (CNN Plus) is a Spanish 24-hour television news channel. 

CIIT College of Arts and Technology

CIIT College of Arts and Technology "(Formerly known as Cosmopoint International Institute of Technology)" a private institution founded by Niel Dagondon in Quezon City, Philippines. It offers programs related to programming, media and visual arts, and animation to an industry level.



Géneviève Bogers

Géneviève Bogers (born 2 June 1997) is a Dutch martial arts fighter from Oosterbeek. She represents the Netherlands in ju-jitsu at international competitions. 

In 2018 she competed at the World Championships. Despite suffering from a shoulder injury, she finished in seventh position. At the 2021 World Championships, she won the bronze medal. She participated at the 2022 World Games, winning the bronze medal in the mixed team event.

Govinda Prasad Kalauni

Govinda Prasad Kalauni (Nepali: गोविन्दप्रसाद कलाैनी) is the current Governor of Karnali Province.He was appointed governor, under Article 163 of the Constitution of Nepal, by President Bidya Devi Bhandari on the recommendation of the Council of Ministers of the Government of Nepal on 4 November 2019.

Donny Donker

Donny Donker (born 5 August 1994) is a Dutch martial arts fighter. He represents the Netherlands in ju-jitsu at international competitions. 

At the 2017 Ju-Jitsu World Championships he won the bronze medal. He competed at the 2022 World Games, winning individually the silver medal in the -85 category and won the bronze medal in the mixed team event. While flying to international competitions when necessary, Donker has a fear of flying.

Boy Vogelzang

Boy Vogelzang (born 17 September 1995) is a Dutch martial arts figther. He represents the Netherlands in ju-jitsu at international competitions.

Vogelzang won the bronze medal in at the 2014 Ju-Jitsu World Championships. He became World Games champion at the 2017 World Games in the -69 kg category. Ahead of the 2017 Ju-Jitsu World Championships Vogelzang sustained an injury at the German Open Grand Slam. He couldn't compete for almost a year. When his injury was over, he won the Balkan Open in September 2018. He competed at the 2022 World Games, winning individually the bronze medal in the -77 category and another bronze medal in the mixed team event. 

Voiced alveolar lateral approximant

The voiced alveolar lateral approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. The sound is in English and is written as the letter L as in luck or like. Not many languages don’t have this sound.

Voiceless palatal fricative

The voiceless palatal fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not phonemic in English but exists in most dialects as a way to say the cluster /hj/ and is the first sound in the word human.

Ecco van der Veer

Ecco van der Veer (born 17 November 1996) is a martial arts fighter. He represents the Netherlands in ju-jitsu at international competitions.

Van der Veer is training since 2017 a member of Den Edel in Gouda. At the end of 2017 he won the bronze medal at the 2017 Ju-Jitsu World Championships in the -62 kg category. He competed at the 2022 World Games, winning individually the bronze medal in the -69 category and another bronze medal in the mixed team event. 

Handsome Lake

Handsome Lake (Cayuga language: Sganyadái:yo, Seneca language: Sganyodaiyo) (Θkanyatararí•yau) (1735 – 10 August 1815) was a Seneca religious leader. He was an important religious leader of the Iroquois Confederacy. Handsome Lake was born in Canawaugus. His half-brother was Cornplanter. He signed the Treaty of Canandaigua (1794). He started the religious movement Gai’wiio (“Good Message”). He had been very ill and then recovered. He stopped drinking alcohol. Handsome Lake claimed that he got a revelation from spirits. The religious movement combines Iroquois and Christian elements. Handsome Lake said Natives should avoid adultery, drunkenness, laziness, and witchcraft. European colonies and disease had caused Natives to have social unrest and division. Natives welcomed this new religious movement. The Code of Handsome Lake was published in 1850. 


Jeevan Bahadur Shahi

Jeevan Bahadur Shahi () is a Nepalese politician currently serving as the Chief Minister of Karnali Province.He is also a member of Provincial Assembly of Karnali Province.

He is a member of the Nepali Congress. Jeevan Bahadur Shahi has previously served as Minister for Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation from 2016 to 2017.

Mahendra Bahadur Shahi

Mahendra Bahadur Shahi () is a Nepalese politician and former Chief Minister of Karnali, a province in western Nepal. He was member of the 1st Nepalese Constituent Assembly and Minister of Energy, Nepal.He was selected as Parliamentary Party leader of CPN (MC) for Karnali on 14 February 2018.

He was appointed as the chief minister, according to Article 168 (1) of the Constitution of Nepal. He took the oath of his office and secrecy as a chief minister on 17 February 2018.

Longhouse Religion

Longhouse Religion is a religious movement of the Iroquois people. It is also called The Code of Handsome Lake or  Gaihwi:io ("Good Message"). The Seneca prophet Handsome Lake (Sganyodaiyoˀ) founded the movement. The movement combines traditional Iroquois religion and Christianity. There are ceremonies in Longhouses. Handsome Lake claims that spirits visited him. He recovered from an illness and stopped drinking alcohol. In the movement, he told Natives not to be drunk, be lazy or cheat on their spouses. Handsome Lake preached moral conduct. Natives supported the movement. They liked that the movement kept traditional Native values. Some opposed the new movement. They thought it went against traditional Native values and was too Christian.


Red Jacket

Red Jacket (known as Otetiani in his youth and Sagoyewatha [Keeper Awake] "Sa-go-ye-wa-tha"; c. 1750–January 20, 1830) was a Seneca chief and public speaker of the Wolf clan. He was an important negotiator between Natives and the United States. He signed the Treaty of Canandaigua (1794). Red Jacket got his name from a red coat form supporting the British. Red Jacket publicly opposed whites. However, he signed treaties with whites. These treaties gave up Native lands. He was famous for his speeches and public speaking. He spoke for the rights of his people. George Washington gave him a special peace medal. Red Jacket always wore this medal in paintings. He gave a famous speech called "Religion for the White Man and the Red". In this speech he responded to the missionary Jacob Cram. Red Jacket said natives wouldn't change their religion for white people. He said different beliefs should be accepted. He questioned Christianity and white's religion. Later Red Jacket had problems with alcohol.


Aafke van Leeuwen

Aafke van Leeuwen (born 13 July 1992) is a martial arts fighter. She represents the Netherlands in ju-jitsu at international competitions.

Van Leeuwen became in 2022 for the fourth time world champion. She competed at the 2022 World Games, winning the bronze medal in the mixed team event.

Farmer's Brother

Honayawas or Farmer's Brother (c. 1730 – 1814) was a Seneca Chief. He was a member of the Iroquois Confederacy. He was also a translator and public speaker. He was an important Negotiator between Natives and the United States. He signed the Treaty of Big Tree in 1797, and the Treaty of Buffalo Creek in 1802. 


Treaty of Big Tree

The Treaty of Big Tree (1797) was a treaty between the Native American tribe of the Senecas and the United States. They sold almost all their lands in New York State. In exchange, they got an annual income. The treaty created reservations for the Seneca people in Western New York. Reservations included the Allegany, Cattaraugus, Buffalo Creek, and the Tonwanda. The Oil Spring Reservation was only added in 1801. The treaty caused unrest and division in the Seneca tribe. Notable Native American signers include Cornplanter, Red Jacket, Young King, Little Billy, Farmer's Brother, Handsome Lake, Tall Chief and Little Beard. Americans included Jeremiah Wadsworth, Captain Charles Williamson and Thomas Morris, Robert Morris; General William Shepard, William Bayard, Theophilus Cazenove and Paolo Busti and Captain Israel Chapin.


Linstock

A linstock (or lintstock) is a rod or stick that supports a slow match, which was used to light cannons in the early days of artillery. The linstock allowed the gunner to stand farther from the cannon as it was dangerous applying the lighted match to the touch hole at the breech of the gun: not only could the charge flash back, but the recoil of the cannon might send the carriage toward the gunner. Linstocks also had a sharp point to drive into the ground when not in use or to use as a weapon to protect the cannon.

Benson, Vermont

Benson is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Cherry Valley massacre

The Cherry Valley massacre (November 11, 1778) was an attack by Iroquois and British against Americans in Cherry Valley (New York). It was during the American Revolution. This was one of the worst frontier massacres. Americans had just destroyed the Native towns of Oghwaga and Unadilla. The Iroquois were upset and joined Walter Butler. He led the raid against the Americans. Americans were not prepared for the attack and this led to more deaths.


Democratic Republic of Afghanistan

The Democratic Republic of Afghanistan (DRA), renamed the Republic of Afghanistan in 1987, was the Afghan state during the one-party rule of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan (PDPA) from 1978 to 1992. The government collapsed in April 1992. The collapse of government triggered another civil war that led to the rise of the Taliban and their eventual takeover of most of Afghanistan by 1996. During the governments rule of Afghanistan the country relied on the Soviet Union for Assistance, especially during the Soviet-Afghan War.

Treaty of Fort Harmar

The Treaty of Fort Harmar (1789) was a treaty between Native Americans and the United States. This treaty was about the issue of land in the Northwest Territory. Wyandot, Delaware, Ottawa, Chippewa, Potawatomi and Sauk Natives met with Governor Saint Clair. The treaty had the same conditions and land boundary as the Treaty of Fort McIntosh (1785). Many Natives did not respect the treaty. The treaty did not reduce conflict between Natives and Americans. The Shawnee did not follow the treaty.


Filipinos in California

Filipinos are one of the largest Asian American groups in California. 1.5 million Filipino Americans live in California. Most Filipinos live in Southern California and the Bay Area.

Janice Kawaye

Janice Kawaye is a American voice actress. She voices Jenny in "My Life as a Teenage Robot", Bonko in "" and Matilda / Lovely Platformer in "Kingdom Gamers".

William J. Seymour

William Joseph Seymour （born on May 2 , 1870 died on September 28, 1922) was an African American holiness precher who initiated the Azusa Street Revival,an influential event in the rise of the pentecostal and Charismatic movement he was the second of eight children 


Tribosphenida

Tribosphenida is a group (infralegion) of mammals that includes the ancestor of "Hypomylos", Aegialodontia and Theria (the last common ancestor of marsupials and placentals plus all of its descendants). Its current definition is more or less synonymous with Boreosphenida.


Viéthorey

Viéthorey () is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.


Ken Boles

Kenneth Eugene Boles (January 2, 1933 – August 9, 2022) was an American Democratic politician and real estate developer. He was born in Milton, Florida. He was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1978 to 1982.

Boles died on August 9, 2022 under hospice care in Tallahassee, Florida at the age of 89.

Nicholas Evans

Nicholas Evans (26 July 1950 – 9 August 2022) was an English journalist, screenwriter television and movie producer and novelist. He was born in Bromsgrove, England. He was known for his novel "The Horse Whisperer".

Evans died on 9 August 2022 at his home in London, England from a heart attack at the age of 72.

Déwé Gorodey

Déwé Gorodey (1 June 1949 – 14 August 2022) was a New Caledonian teacher, writer, feminist and politician. She was the Vice President of New Caledonia from 2001 to 2009.

Gorodey died on 14 August 2022 at the age of 73.

Frederick Buechner

Carl Frederick Buechner ( ; July 11, 1926 – August 15, 2022) was an American writer, novelist, poet, autobiographer, essayist, preacher, and theologian. He was an ordained Presbyterian minister. He was best known for his novels, including "A Long Day's Dying", "The Book of Bebb", "Godric" and "Brendan".

He also became known for his memoirs "Telling Secrets" and "The Sacred Journey". His theological works, such as ", The Magnificent Defeat," and "" were also popular.

Buechner died on August 15, 2022 at his home in Rupert, Vermont at the age of 96.


Mesmay

Mesmay () is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

The commune lies southwest of Quingey in the valley of the Loue River.



Nativity of Jesus

The nativity of Jesus, nativity of Christ, birth of Jesus or birth of Christ is mentioned in the biblical gospels of Luke and Matthew. 

The two gospel both say that Jesus was born in Bethlehem in Judaea and that his birth was caused by divine intervention. In "Contra Celsum" 1.51, Origen, who travelled throughout Palestine beginning in around 215, wrote of the "manger of Jesus".

The date of birth for Jesus of Nazareth is not said in the gospels or in any secular text, but a majority of scholars believe that a date between 6 BC and 4 BC is most likely. 

Arthur Harden

Sir Arthur Harden, FRS (12 October 1865 – 17 June 1940) was a British biochemist. He shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1929 with Hans Karl August Simon von Euler-Chelpin for their investigations into the fermentation of sugar and fermentative enzymes. He was a founding member of the Biochemical Society and editor of its journal for 25 years.



Woolsthorpe Manor

Woolsthorpe Manor in Woolsthorpe-by-Colsterworth, near Grantham, Lincolnshire, England, is the birthplace and was the family home of Sir Isaac Newton. He was born there on 25 December 1642. At that time, it was a farm.

Newton returned here in 1666 when Cambridge University closed. It was here, where he performed many of his most famous experiments, such as his work on light and optics. This is also said to be the site where Newton was inspired to create his law of universal gravitation.

Schübler Chorales

The Schübler Chorales are a set of chorale preludes written by Johann Sebastian Bach. They are numbered BWV 645 to BWV 650 in the Bach-Werke-Verzeichnis catalogue. The set is named after Johann Georg Schübler, who published them in 1748 or 1749.

Five of the preludes are arrangements of movements in Bach's cantatas. One prelude (BWV 646) does not have a matching cantata movement.

Wachet auf, ruft uns die Stimme, BWV 645 is based on the fourth movement of Wachet auf, ruft uns die Stimme, BWV 140. The hymn tune is Wachet auf, ruft uns die Stimme. It was originally written for tenors, violins and violas playing in unison, and basso continuo. The tenor voices sing the hymn tune.

Wo soll ich fliehen hin, or Auf meinen lieben Gott, BWV 646 does not have a matching cantata movement. The hymn tune is Wo soll ich fliehen hin, or Auf meinen lieben Gott. It is commonly thought to be based on a lost cantata's movement. However, Alfred Dürr thought that it is based on another chorale prelude, BWV 694.

Wer nur den lieben Gott lässt walten, BWV 647 is based on the fourth movement of Wer nur den lieben Gott läßt walten, BWV 93. The hymn tune is Wer nur den lieben Gott läßt walten. It was originally written for soprano and alto soloists, violins and violas playing in unison, and basso continuo. The violins and violas play the hymn tune.

Meine Seele erhebt den Herren, BWV 648 is based on the fifth movement of Meine Seel erhebt den Herren, BWV 10. The hymn tune is Meine Seele erhebt den Herren. It is also known as the German Magnificat. It was originally written for alto and tenor solists, oboes and a trumpet playing in unison, and basso continuo. The oboes and trumpets play the hymn tune.

Ach bleib bei uns, Herr Jesu Christ, BWV 649 is based on the third movement of Bleib bei uns, denn es will Abend werden, BWV 6. The hymn tune is Ach bleib bei uns, Herr Jesu Christ. It was originally written for soprano singers, violoncello solo, and basso continuo. The sopranos sing the hymn tune.

Kommst du nun, Jesu, vom Himmel herunter, BWV 650 is based on the second movement of Lobe den Herren, den mächtigen König der Ehren, BWV 137. The hymn tune is Kommst du nun, Jesu, vom Himmel herunter. It was originally written for alto singers, violin solo, and basso continuo. The altos sing the hymn tune.


FC Santa Coloma

FC Santa Coloma is an Andorran football team from Santa Coloma in the parish of Andorra la Vella. They play in the Primera Divisió. With thirteen titles the club ist the most sucessful in Andorra. Also in the cup (Copa Constitució) they are the most sucessful with ten titels.

Fútbol Club Santa Coloma was founded in 1986. Later FC Santa Coloma became one of the founder members of Primera Divisió in 1995.

At the end of 2017 the Spanish La Liga Villarreal CF team announced a collaboration with the Andorran club at basic football level.

FC Santa Coloma is the only Andorrian team which one a match in an European competition. It was the first match in the 2007–08 UEFA Cup qualifying round against Maccabi Tel Aviv from Israel. FC Santa Coloma won 1–0 at home. 2014–15 they won in the UEFA Champions League First qualifying round versus FC Banants from Armenia 1–0. In the 2018–19 UEFA Europa League Second qualifying round they won 1–0 at home against Valur from Iceland. They lost the away-match 4–0 to Maccabi and 3–0 to Valur, so they were eliminated.

Against Banants they lost the second leg away in Armenia 3–2 and were promoted by the away goals rule. It was the second time an Andorran club won a two-legged tie in Europe after Sant Julià.

FC Santa Coloma dressed in all white all the seasons since the creation of the Andorran Premier League, alternating the home kit with red or blue. Traditionally the away kit has been all blue and third kit all red. However the original first kit at the beginning of the foundation of the club was blue and gives the nickname of "Blues". In the club crest feature the colours of Andorra and the Holy Dove that gives the name of the Santa Coloma d'Andorra town and therefore the name of the club.
"As of 9 January 2022"


Margot Pompanon

Margot Pompanon (born 12 April 1997) is a French professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for the UCI Women's Continental Team St. Michel–Auber93.

Pompano rode and completed the 2022 Tour de France Femmes. She had a difficult first stage with two time a mechanical problems, but managed to finish in time.

Margaux Vigie

Margaux Vigie (born 21 July 1995) is a French professional racing cyclist, who currently rides since 2020 with the UCI Women's Continental Team Valcar–Travel & Service.

Vigie rode in the 2022 Tour de France Femmes. She represented France at the 2022 European Road Championships in Münich.

Hong Kong Parliament Electoral Organizing Committee

The Hong Kong Parliament Electoral Organizing Committee (Traditional Chinese: 香港議會選舉籌備委員會; short form: HKPEOC/香港議會籌委會) is made of some Hong Kong people on the run. Two of them, Victor Ho and Elmer Yuen told the public on 27 July 2022 in Canada's Toronto that it had been formed. They said that it was trying to roll the Hong Kong Parliament (short form: HK Parliament/HKP; Traditional Chinese: 香港議會) out in 2023, by letting Hong Kong people vote fairly. 

On 3 August 2022, Hong Kong's Security Bureau said that doing the above was wrong, such that the group's Baggio Leung, Elmer Yuen and Victor Ho were now wanted by the Hong Kong Police Force for acting against the People's Republic of China's government in this way.

On 8 August 2022, Radio Free Asia wrote that Elmer Yuen had said that secret agents of the Communist Party of China had been telling him scary things to try to stop his work on that.


Maëva Squiban

Maëva Squiban (born 19 March 2002) is a French professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for the UCI Women's Continental Team Stade Rochelais Charente-Maritime where she started as a trainee in August 2020.

Squiban rode in the 2022 Tour de France Femmes. Due to a crash in the second stage, she broke her sacrum and had to leave the Tour.

Voiceless postalveolar affricate

The voiceless post-alveolar affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English and is written as ch or tch, as in chat and match. The sound is made by starting with [t] and following it with [ʃ]

Voiced alveolar tap

The voiced alveolar tap or flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It exists in some dialects of English, like the t as in water. It also exists in Spanish.

Voiced labiodental nasal

The voiced labiodental nasal is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is only phonemic in one language: Kukuya. It is a very common way to say [m] before [f] or [v] in many languages, as in English symphony.

Wo soll ich fliehen hin, BWV 5

"Wo soll ich fliehen hin", BWV 5 is a chorale cantata written by Johann Sebastian Bach. The title means "Where shall I flee" in English. It is based on the hymn Wo soll ich fliehen hin by Johann Heermann. It was written for the 19th Sunday after Trinity. It was first performed on 15 October 1724.

The cantata has seven movements. It is written for SATB choir and soloists, two oboes, a trumpet, solo viola, and a string ensemble.

The cantata's first movement is a chorale fantasia. The orchesra's theme is based on the hymn tune's first few notes. The hymn tune is sung by the soprano part.

The first aria is played by a solo viola and tenor soloist. Bach does not use the solo viola in his cantatas often. The aria's text is a paraphrase (rewriting of a text, keeping its meaning) of the hymn's fourth verse.

Pseudacris fouquettei

The Cajun chorus frog ("Pseudacris fouquettei") is a frog. It lives in the United States. It lives in all of Louisiana and parts of Oklahoma, Texas, Missouri, Arkansas, Tennessee, and Mississippi.

The largest adult male frogs are 30 mm long from nose to rear end and the smallest adult female frogs are 27 mm long. Adults are light brown or pink-brown in color with three darker brown stripes on their backs. Some have lines of spots instead of stripes. Some have neither. The iris of the eye is gold in color. There is a red-brown stripe from the nose all the way to the back legs. The skin of the belly is lighter in color with some dark marks. The throat can be yellow-brown in color. This frog mostly looks for food during the day.

The female frog lays 500 to 1500 eggs at a time. The eggs stick to plants.

The adult frogs do not go far from the water. They eat small animals without bones, for example, beetles, ants, and flies. Scientists think the tadpoles eat algae and dead plants. Some animals eat the tadpoles, for example spiders and beetles. Small snakes, for example garter snakes eat the adult frogs. Scientists think birds, turtles, and some mammals might eat this frog too. They have never seen what the frog does to try to get away.

This frog is not in danger of dying out, but there are fewer of them than there were in the past. This is because of humans build things where the frogs would live and because of disease.

This frog is closely related to "Pseudacris nigrita" and these frogs can have young together. The hybrid frogs, which have one "P. nigrita" parent and one "P. foquettei" parent, are healthy. Scientists think the two species may be joining together.

Voiced palatal approximant

The voiced palatal approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is used in English, written as y, as in yes.

Voiceless bidental fricative

The voiceless bidental fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is very rare and only exists in the Shapsug dialect of Adyghe.

Voiceless glottal affricate

The voiceless glottal affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English and is a very rare sound.

Creaky-voiced glottal approximant

The creaky-voiced glottal approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is a common voiced allophone of a glottal stop (/ʔ/).

Bilabial ejective stop

The bilabial ejective stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English and is a very rare sound.

Voiceless postalveolar fricative

The voiceless post-alveolar fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English and is usually written as sh, as in cash.

Voiced postalveolar fricative

The voiced post-alveolar fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English, for example it is the s in vision and the g in genre.

Voiceless alveolar affricate

The voiceless alveolar affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is very similar to the ts in cats. It is in some Slavic languages where it is written with the letter c.

Bahama Passage

Bahama Passage is a 1941 American romantic drama movie directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Sterling Hayden, Madeleine Carroll, Flora Robson, Leo G. Carroll, Cecil Kellaway, Leigh Whipper, Dorothy Dandridge. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Voiceless labial–velar fricative

The voiceless labial-velar fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in some dialects of English, written as wh and appearing in the word what.

Sj-sound

The sj-sound is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is in Swedish. The sound has been described as a palato-velar fricative, often labialised.

Picander

Christian Friedrich Henrici (January 14, 1700 – May 10, 1764) was a German poet and librettist. He used the pen name Picander. He wrote the libretto for many of the cantatas Johann Sebastian Bach wrote in Leipzig.

He was born in Stolpen. He studied in Wittenberg and Leipzig. He started using the pen name "Picander" in 1721. At first, he wrote erotic poems. However, the public did not like it. So, he started writing religious poems for Sundays. Soon, he started writing librettos for Bach.

Voiced postalveolar affricate

The voiced post-alveolar affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English, usually written as j or dge, as in judge.

Voiceless velar fricative

The voiceless velar fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in a few dialects of English, written as ch as in loch. The sound is much more common in German.

Voiced palatal lateral approximant

The voiced palatal lateral approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is similar to the pronounciation of the li in million. The sound exists in some dialects of Spanish.

Voiceless pharyngeal fricative

The voiceless pharyngeal fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is in Arabic.

Voiced alveolar affricate

The voiced alveolar affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is very similar to the pronunciation of dds as in adds.

Voiced uvular plosive

The voiced uvular stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Eleonora Gasparrini

Eleonora Camilla Gasparrini (born 21 July 1995) is an Italian professional track and road racing cyclist, who since 2021 rides with the UCI Women's Continental Team Valcar–Travel & Service.

As a junior, Gasparrini became European Champion at the 2020 European Road Championships in the junior road race. At elite level, in the Women's World Tour, she had a podium finish in the 2021 Ronde van Drenthe. Gasparrini rode in the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

As a track cyclist, she became European Champion (under-23) in the team pursuit event at the 2021 UEC European Track Championships (under-23 & junior) and 2022 UEC European Track Championships (under-23 & junior).

Voiced labial–palatal approximant

The voiced labial-palatal approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is in French.

Voiceless retroflex affricate

The voiceless retroflex affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless alveolar lateral affricate

The voiceless alveolar lateral affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is in Nahuatl.

Voiced velar lateral approximant

The voiced velar lateral approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is similar to the ll in full.

Velarized alveolar lateral approximant

The velarised alveolar lateral approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English but is not phonemic. It is the ll in full.

Voiceless retroflex plosive

The voiceless retroflex stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English. It is similar to /t/ but your tongue is curled back.

Voiced retroflex approximant

The voiced retroflex approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is a common way of saying the English r sound as in rain.

Voiced velar approximant

The voiced velar approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English. It is similar to /w/ but without using your lips.

See also: Voiced velodorsal approximant

Voiced palatal fricative

The voiced palatal fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English. It is very similar to the /j/ sound, as in the word yes.

Voiced velar fricative

The voiced velar fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is in Dutch.

Epiglottal plosive

The epiglottal stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English and is very rare.

Voiceless uvular fricative

The voiceless uvular fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is in Welsh where it is written with ch.

Voiced uvular fricative

The voiced uvular fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is the most common way to say r in French.

Open front unrounded vowel

The open front unrounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in some dialects of English. It is in almost every language in the world.

Voiced pharyngeal fricative

The voiced pharyngeal fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is in Arabic.

Voiceless bilabial fricative

The voiceless bilabial fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is very similar to /f/.

Trial by Fire (Journey album)

"Trial by Fire" is the tenth studio album by American rock band Journey and marked the reunion of the 1980s band line up. It was also the last to feature vocalist Steve Perry and went to number 3 in the United States and number 6 in Japan.

Voiceless bilabial affricate

The voiceless bilabial affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but a very similar sound, [pf], is in German.

Voiced uvular trill

The voiced uvular trill is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced alveolar lateral affricate

The voiced alveolar lateral affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless velar affricate

The voiceless velar affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced retroflex plosive

The voiced retroflex stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English. It is similar to [d] but your tongue is curled back.

Voiced retroflex lateral approximant

The voiced retroflex lateral approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English. It is similar to /l/ but with your tongue curled back.

Voiced bilabial affricate

The voiced bilabial affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is similar to the bv in obvious.

Voiced bilabial fricative

The voiced bilabial fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is similar to the v in have.

Voiceless palatal affricate

The voiceless palatal affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is in Albanian.

Voiced palatal affricate

The voiced palatal affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but it is in Albanian.

Voiced uvular nasal

The voiced uvular nasal is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is similar to the ng sound as in thing and singing.

Voiced retroflex nasal

The voiced retroflex nasal is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English. It is similar to /n/ but your tongue is curled back.

Voiced alveolar lateral flap

The voiced alveolar lateral tap or flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless labial–velar plosive

The voiceless labial-velar stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English. It is like a [k] and [p] said at the same time.

Voiced labial–velar plosive

The voiced labial-velar stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English. It is like a [ɡ] and [b] said at the same time.

Labial–velar consonant

A labial-velar consonant is a sound produced by saying a bilabial sound and a velar sound a the same time. For example, [w] as in watch is a labial-velar consonant.

Labial-velar sounds are different from labialised velar sounds. For example, [kp] is labial-velar but [kʷ] is labialised velar.

Voiced velar affricate

The voiced velar affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless alveolo-palatal fricative

The voiceless alveolo-palatal fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English, but is similar to the "sh" sound, as in "sh"ape.

Voiceless uvular affricate

The voiceless uvular affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced uvular affricate

The voiced uvular affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Tap and flap consonants

A tap or flap consonant is a sound produced by striking one articulator against another.

X-SAMPA

X-SAMPA is a way of writing the International Phonetic Alphabet with only ASCII characters. For example, the word hello is written in IPA as /hɛloʊ/ and in X-SAMPA as /hEloU/.

Postalveolar consonant

A postalveolar consonant is a sound made with your tongue behind the alveolar ridge. For example, [ʃ] is postalveolar and [s] is not, it is alveolar.

There are only two postalveolar consonants given their own IPA symbols: [ʃ] and [ʒ].

Qu (digraph)

Qu is a digraph (a pair of two letters) used in many European languages. In these languages, the letter q is special, because it almost always needs a u after it. Sometimes words have q without a u, like the French cinq, meaning five.

In many languages, like French and Spanish it is used for the /k/ sound before e and i. In English qu makes a /k/ sound in loanwords like unique and queue.

In English, qu usually makes a /kw/ sound, as in quick. In German, qu makes a similar /kv/ sound.

List of Latin-script letters

This is a list of letters of the Latin script.

Treaty of Fort McIntosh

The Treaty of Fort McIntosh (1785) was a treaty between the United States and Native Americans. Native peoples included the Wyandotte, Delaware, Chippewaand Ottawa nations. This treaty came after the Treaty of Fort Stanwix (1784). The treaty created a reservation for Natives in the Ohio Country. They would give up lands in eastern and southern Ohio. George Rogers Clark, Arthur Lee, and Richard Butler represented the United States. Natives present did not have the authority to sign the treaties. Most Natives did not follow the treaty. The Shawnee did not respect the treaty. 


Voiceless retroflex fricative

The voiceless retroflex fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English. The sound is similar to /ʃ/ but your tongue is curled back.

Voiced retroflex fricative

The voiced retroflex fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English. The sound is similar to /ʒ/ but your tongue is curled back.

Voiced alveolo-palatal fricative

The voiced alveolo-palatal fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English. The sound is similar to /ʒ/, written as "s" as in preci"s"ion.

Voiced retroflex affricate

The voiced retroflex affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless alveolo-palatal affricate

The voiceless alveolo-palatal affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced alveolo-palatal affricate

The voiced alveolo-palatal affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced retroflex flap

The voiced retroflex tap or flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless epiglottal trill

The voiceless epiglottal trill is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced epiglottal trill

The voiced epiglottal trill is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless epiglottal affricate

The voiceless epiglottal affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English and is very rare.

Voiced epiglottal affricate

The voiced epiglottal affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English and is very rare.

Voiced labiodental flap

The voiced labiodental tap or flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced retroflex trill

The voiced retroflex trill is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced epiglottal tap

The voiced epiglottal tap or flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced alveolar implosive

The voiced alveolar implosive is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced palatal implosive

The voiced palatal implosive is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced velar implosive

The voiced velar implosive is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced uvular implosive

The voiced uvular implosive is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English and is very rare.

Voiceless dental non-sibilant affricate

The voiceless dental non-sibilant affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced dental non-sibilant affricate

The voiced dental non-sibilant affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in Standard English.

Close back rounded vowel

The close back rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English and is written with oo as in boot.

Close-mid front unrounded vowel

The close-mid front unrounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Close-mid back rounded vowel

The close-mid back rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Mid central vowel

The mid central vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English, in words like about, potato and support.

Near-open front unrounded vowel

The near-open front unrounded vowel or near-low front unrounded vowel is a sound that the mouth can make. It is used in some spoken languages. It is in English, usually written as a, as in cat.

Near-close near-front unrounded vowel

The near-close near-front unrounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English, usually written as i, as in sit.

Open-mid front unrounded vowel

The open-mid front unrounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English and is usually written as e, as in get.

Close front rounded vowel

The close front rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is in German, where it is written with ü.

Near-close near-front rounded vowel

The near-close near-front rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Near-close near-back rounded vowel

The near-close near-back rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English, usually written as oo, as in foot.

Open-mid back unrounded vowel

The open-mid back unrounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English and is usually written as u, as in cut.

Seneca people

The Seneca () (Seneca: "Onödowáʼga:", "Great Hill People") are Iroquois Native Americans. They lived around Lake Ontario. They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands culture. They speak the Seneca language. This language is part of the Iroquoian language family. The Seneca were one of the Six Nations or Iroquois League. They are the most westerly nation of the Iroquois. They were next to the Cayuga. They were also the largest nation of the Iroquois. The US government recognizes three tribes today. They are the Seneca Nation of Indians (New York), the Tonawanda Seneca Nation (New York) and the Seneca-Cayuga Nation (Oklahoma). About 10,000 Seneca natives live in the United States and 1,000 in Canada.

The Seneca were originally from New York State. They joined the Iroquois Confederacy in the 12th century. The Seneca had the largest population of the Iroquois nations.

Seneca lived in longhouses in permanent villages. The largest village was Ganondagan with 150 longhouses. There were threats of war from neighboring Natives. These Natives included the Huron (Wyandot) the Susquehannock (Conestoga) and the Lenape people (Delaware, Minnisink and Esopus). The Seneca were strong warriors and captured other towns. Their territory was in Eastern New York. It was between Seneca Lake and Genesee River. It was also in New York from Niagara Country to the Allegheny river. Seneca was divided into a western and eastern branch.

Seneca did hunting and gathering. They also farmed the Three Sisters (corn, beans, and squash). Women grew these plants and collected plants, roots, berries, nuts, and fruit. The Seneca society was matrilineal. This meant inheritance and family were through the mother's side. However, women were not much in politics and diplomacy. Seneca men developed towns. Men also went hunting in the fall and fishing in the spring.

Seneca joined the Fur trade. In the 17th century, the Iroquois confederacy conquered neighboring territories. The Iroquois replace people who died from disease with captives. The Iroquois defeated the Huron (Wyandot). The Senecas also defeated the Neutral confederacy in 1650 in the west. They defeated the Andaste (Susquehannock) in the south. The Seneca had strong diplomacy in the region. The Seneca led a powerful confederacy with the Cayuga, Onondagas, Oneidas, Mohawks and later the Tuscaroras. The Seneca were the "Keepers of the West Door" or "Door-Keepers". The Seneca sent eight sachems to the Great Council of the Iroquois.

Seneca had different interactions with Europeans. The French Marquis de Denonville led an attack against the Seneca people in 1687. He destroyed many towns, including Ganondagan. The Iroquois were allies with the British in the Covenant Chain. The Seneca eventually were allies with the Dutch and the British during the Seven Year's War. There was much conflict between Seneca and American colonists. Seneca did not support the Treaty of Fort Stanwix. They did not like that Americans were moving West into their land. Many colonists also had negative views about the Iroquois. The British tried to get the Iroquois on their side.

The Seneca eventually supported the British during the American Revolution. Some Iroquois wanted to support Americans and others not. This conflict led to the division of the Iroquois Confederacy. Seneca fought with British in the Cherry Valley massacre and the Battle of Minisink. The Seneca and Iroquois had victories against the colonists from 1777 to 1778. In response, General John Sullivan (general) led a planned attack against the Iroquois. Sullivan and his troops destroyed villages and weakened the Iroquois. The Iroquois Confederacy fell apart.

After the American Revolution, Seneca lost much land. They gave up lands in the Treaty of Canandaigua (1794) and Treaty of Big Tree (1797). In the Treaty of Buffalo Creek (1838), the Seneca had to move to Missouri. Many Seneca people moved to Canada after the war. The Seneca Nation of Indians in New York formed a modern republican government in 1848.

Many Senecas lost land so the Kinzau Dam could be built in the 1960s.

Most members of the Seneca live in New York. There are about 8,000 members of the Seneca Nation of Indians . They live on six reservations. They include Allegany, the Cattaraugus near Gowanda, New York; the Buffalo Creek Territory, the Niagara Falls Territory in Niagara Falls, New York, and the Oil Springs Reservation. Tonawanda Band of Seneca Indians has about 1,200 citizens. They live Tonawanda Reservation near Akron, New York. The Seneca-Cayuga Tribe of Oklahoma live near Miami, Oklahoma.

The Seneca have diverse businesses. These include retail sales, arts and crafts, smokeshops, sports clothing, gasoline and cigarette sales and casinos.



Open-mid back rounded vowel

The open-mid back rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English and is written with aw, as in law. [ɔr] is written or or ore, as in core.

Open back unrounded vowel

The open back unrounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English. For example, it is the al in balm, and in some dialects the a in bath.

Open back rounded vowel

The open back rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English, usually written as o, as in lot.

Open-mid central unrounded vowel

The open-mid central unrounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is in English, written as er, ir or ur, as in fern, fir and fur.

Close-mid front rounded vowel

The close-mid front rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is in German, where it is written with ö.

Close-mid back unrounded vowel

The close-mid back unrounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Close back unrounded vowel

The close back unrounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Close central unrounded vowel

The close central unrounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but is in Russian, where it is written as ы.

Close central rounded vowel

The close central rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Open-mid front rounded vowel

The open-mid front rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Close-mid central unrounded vowel

The close-mid central unrounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Close-mid central rounded vowel

The close-mid central rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Open-mid central rounded vowel

The open-mid central rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Open front rounded vowel

The open front rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not phonemic in any language.

Near-open central vowel

The near-open central vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Open central unrounded vowel

The open central unrounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Mid front unrounded vowel

The mid front unrounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Mid back rounded vowel

The mid back rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Mid back unrounded vowel

The mid back unrounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Mid front rounded vowel

The mid front rounded vowel is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Alveolar ejective stop

The alveolar ejective stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Palatal ejective stop

The palatal ejective stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Velar ejective stop

The velar ejective stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Retroflex ejective stop

The retroflex ejective stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not used in English.

Uvular ejective stop

The uvular ejective stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Labiodental ejective fricative

The labiodental ejective fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Alveolar ejective fricative

The alveolar ejective fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Velar ejective fricative

The velar ejective fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced labial–velar nasal

The voiced labial-velar nasal is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless uvular–epiglottal stop

The voiceless uvular-epiglottal stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Florissant Formation

The Florissant Fossil Formation is a lagerstätte in the Colarado part of the Rocky Mountains. It shows life in the Eocene in as-yet unraised part of what is now the Rocky Mountains. It shows the whole forest ecosystem in some detail, particularly the plants. From this we can be sure the forest was sub-tropical, and the climate much warmer than today.

This site shows the scene right at the end of the long Eocene period. The fauna is discussed in a well-illustrated book. The site is protected as the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument.

Tenuis bilabial click

The tennis bilabial click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Epiglottal ejective

The epiglottal ejective is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Bilabial ejective fricative

The bilabial ejective fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Dental ejective fricative

The dental ejective fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Palato-alveolar ejective fricative

The palato-alveolar ejective fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Retroflex ejective fricative

The retroflex ejective fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Alveolo-palatal ejective fricative

The alveolo-palatal ejective fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Uvular ejective fricative

The uvular ejective fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Dental ejective affricate

The dental ejective affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Alveolar ejective affricate

The alveolar ejective affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Palato-alveolar ejective affricate

The palato-alveolar ejective affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Retroflex ejective affricate

The retroflex ejective affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Velar ejective affricate

The velar ejective affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Uvular ejective affricate

The uvular ejective affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Alveolar lateral ejective fricative

The alveolar lateral ejective fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Alveolar lateral ejective affricate

The alveolar lateral ejective affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced bilabial click

The voiced bilabial click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Nasal bilabial click

The bilabial nasal click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Tenuis dental click

The tenuis dental click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Tenuis alveolar click

The tenuis alveolar click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Tenuis retroflex click

The tenuis retroflex click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Tenuis palatal click

The tenuis palatal click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Tenuis alveolar lateral click

The tenuis alveolar lateral click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced dental click

The voiced dental click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Nasal dental click

The dental nasal click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced alveolar click

The voiced alveolar click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Nasal alveolar click

The alveolar nasal click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced retroflex click

The voiced retroflex click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Nasal retroflex click

The retroflex nasal click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced palatal click

The voiced palatal click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Nasal palatal click

The palatal nasal click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced alveolar lateral click

The voiced alveolar lateral click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Nasal alveolar lateral click

The alveolar lateral nasal click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced uvular lateral approximant

The voiced uvular lateral approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English. for its fricative counterpart.

Voiced uvular tap or flap

The voiced uvular tap or flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless uvular trill

The voiceless uvular trill is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Back-released velar click

The back-released velar click is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Palatal lateral ejective affricate

The palatal lateral ejective affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Velar lateral ejective affricate

The velar lateral ejective afficate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless bilabial trill

The voiceless bilabial trill is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced bilabial flap

The voiced bilabial tap or flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless alveolar tap and flap

The voiceless alveolar tap or flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced retroflex implosive

The voiced retroflex implosive is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless bilabial implosive

The voiceless bilabial implosive is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless alveolar implosive

The voiceless alveolar implosive is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless retroflex implosive

The voiceless retroflex implosive is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Plants vs. Zombies 2

Plants vs. Zombies 2: It's About Time is a tower defense game developed by PopCap Games and published by Electronic Arts. The game is a sequel to the original "Plants vs. Zombies" and was released for iOS on July 9, 2013. The game was later ported to other platforms including Android, Windows Phone, Windows 8.1, and BlackBerry 10.

In "Plants vs. Zombies 2", the player takes on the role of Crazy Dave, who uses a time machine to travel back in time and prevent the zombies from eating his brain. The game is divided into several different eras, each taking place in a different time period, such as Ancient Egypt, the Wild West, and the Future.

The gameplay in "Plants vs. Zombies 2" is similar to that of the original game, with players using a variety of different plants to defend against waves of zombies. However, the game introduces new features such as plant food, which can be used to give plants temporary boosts, and power-ups, which can be used to defeat large groups of zombies.

The game also features new zombie types, each with their own unique abilities and weaknesses. For example, the Pirate Zombie can steal plants and carry them to the back of the lawn, while the Chicken Wrangler Zombie can release a swarm of zombie chickens.

"Plants vs. Zombies 2" was generally well-received, with critics praising the game's graphics, gameplay, and overall presentation. However, the game was criticized for its use of microtransactions and the difficulty of some of the later levels.

Despite these criticisms, "Plants vs. Zombies 2" has maintained a large player base and has been updated regularly with new content and features.

Following the success of "Plants vs. Zombies 2", several sequels and spin-offs have been released, including "Plants vs. Zombies: Garden Warfare", "Plants vs. Zombies: Garden Warfare 2", and "Plants vs. Zombies Heroes".

Voiceless palatal implosive

The voiceless palatal implosive is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless velar implosive

The voiceless velar implosive is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless uvular implosive

The voiceless uvular implosive is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless labial–palatal fricative

The voiceless labial-palatal approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless labiodental plosive

The voiceless labiodental plosive is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced labiodental plosive

The voiced labiodental stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless labiodental affricate

The voiceless labiodental affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English. A similar sound, [pf], is in German, written pf, as in pferd.

Voiced labiodental affricate

The voiced labiodental affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English but it is similar to the bv in obvious.

Voiced linguolabial nasal

The voiced linguolabial nasal is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless linguolabial plosive

The voiceless linguolabial stop is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced linguolabial plosive

The voiced linguolabial stop is a sound used in some spoken languages, It is not used in English. Its symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨d̼⟩ or ⟨b̺⟩. 

Voiceless linguolabial fricative

The voiceless linguolabial fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced linguolabial fricative

The voiced linguolabial fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced linguolabial tap

The voiced linguolabial tap or flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless alveolar nasal

The voiceless alveolar nasal is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless alveolar non-sibilant affricate

The voiceless alveolar non-sibilant affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced alveolar non-sibilant affricate

The voiced alveolar non-sibilant affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless alveolar non-sibilant fricative

The voiceless alveolar non-sibilant fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced alveolar non-sibilant fricative

The voiced alveolar non-sibilant fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Seneca language

The Seneca Language is the language spoken by the Seneca people. It is part of the Iroquoian language family. It is closely related to the Cayuga language. It is spoken on reservations in Western New York. The language has 13 letters. The language is rich in verbs. One can add to verb bases. There are no strict word order rules. The Seneca Faithkeepers School was founded in 1998 to teach young children the language. The language is endangered, but it is being taught and studied.


Voiceless alveolar lateral flap

The voiceless alveolar lateral tap or flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless retroflex nasal

The voiceless retroflex nasal is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless palatal nasal

The voiceless palatal nasal is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless velar nasal

The voiceless velar nasal is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

See also : voiced palatal lateral nasal

Nasal labial–velar approximant

The nasal labial-velar approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Nasal palatal approximant

The nasal palatal approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless nasal glottal approximant

The voiceless nasal glottal approximant is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced retroflex non-sibilant fricative

The voiced retroflex non-sibilant fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless postalveolar non-sibilant affricate

The voiceless postalveolar non-sibilant affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced postalveolar non-sibilant affricate

The voiced postalveolar non-sibilant fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless postalveolar non-sibilant fricative

The voiceless postalveolar non-sibilant fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced postalveolar non-sibilant fricative

The voiced postalveolar non-sibilant fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless retroflex flap

The voiceless retroflex tap or flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless retroflex trill

The voiceless retroflex trill is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless retroflex lateral fricative

The voiceless retroflex lateral fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless retroflex lateral affricate

The voiceless retroflex lateral affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced retroflex lateral affricate

The voiced retroflex lateral affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced retroflex lateral fricative

The voiced retroflex lateral fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless palatal lateral fricative

The voiceless palatal lateral fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced palatal lateral fricative

The voiced palatal lateral fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless velar lateral fricative

The voiceless velar lateral fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced velar lateral fricative

The voiced velar lateral fricative is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Seneca Nation of New York

The Seneca Nation of Indians is a federally recognized Seneca tribe. It is in western New York. The other Seneca tribes are the Tonawanda Band of Seneca (also in western New York) and the Seneca-Cayuga Nation of Oklahoma. The three reservations are Cattaraugus Reservation, Allegany Indian Reservation, and the unpopulated Oil Springs Reservation. The nation follows the government made in 1848 at the Constitutional Convention of Seneca. Offices include 16 Councilors, three Executives (President, Treasurer, Clerk), and Court justices (Surrogates and Peacemakers). There are elections every two years. There are several casinos in the area.


Voiceless palatal lateral affricate

The voiceless palatal lateral affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced palatal lateral affricate

The voiced palatal lateral affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless velar lateral affricate

The voiceless velar lateral affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced velar lateral affricate

The voiced velar lateral affricate is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiceless retroflex lateral flap

The voiceless retroflex lateral flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced retroflex lateral flap

The voiced retroflex lateral flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced palatal lateral flap

The voiced palatal lateral flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Voiced velar lateral tap

The voiced velar lateral flap is a sound used in some spoken languages. It is not in English.

Tonawanda Band of Seneca

The Tonawanda Seneca Nation (previously known as the Tonawanda Band of Seneca Indians) (Seneca: Ta:nöwö:deʼ Onödowáʼga꞉ Yoindzadeʼ) is a federally recognized tribe in the State of New York. They have a traditional government with sachem. The Seneca are one of the original Five Nations of the Iroquois Confederacy. They speak the Seneca language. The other nationally recognized Seneca tribes are the Seneca Nation of Indians and the Seneca-Cayuga Nation. The Tonawanda nation did not approve the 1848 Seneca government reform. The US Government recognized a separate Tonawanda tribe in 1857.


Silke Jonkman

Silke Jonkman (born 26 January 1997) is a Dutch long distance runner. Jonkman represents the Netherlands internationally. 
She is trained by Eddy Kiemel. In 2021 she won the silver medal at the national championshpis in the cross event. In April 2022 she won the Klap tot Klaploop. 

She competed at the 2022 European Athletics Championships in the 10,000 metres event where she finished eleventh. 

Seneca–Cayuga Nation

The Seneca–Cayuga Nation is a United States federally recognized tribe of the Seneca people. They are in the northeast of Oklahoma, United States. They are originally from the Iroquois. They used to live around Ohio and New York. The other Seneca tribes are in New York. They are the Seneca Nation of Indians and the Tonawanda Band of Seneca.


Jasmijn Lau

Jasmijn Lau (born 11 March 1999) is a Dutch long distance runner. Lau represents the Netherlands at international competitions. 

Lau beame multiple times national champion in the 10000 metres. She became under-23 European Champion at the 2021 European Athletics U23 Championships in the 10000 metres event. After a long injury she competed at the 2022 European Athletics Championships in the 10,000 metres event. 

Ronald Schröer

Ronald Schröer (born 28 September 1984) is a Dutch long distance runner. Schröer represents Netherlands at international competitions. 

Schröer is multipe times Dutch national champion. He participates at European Athletics Championships since 2012 in 10,000 metres or the marathon event. He competed at the 2022 European Athletics Championships in the marathon event.

Kinzau Dam

The Kinzua Dam is one of the largest dams east of the Mississippi River. It is along the Allegheny River in Warren County, Pennsylvania. It was created to control floods. 

The construction of the dam forced many Native American Seneca people off of their land. The Seneca lost a lot of farming land. They wrote a letter to John F. Kennedy to stop the dam. He refused. They lost the Cornplanter Tract. Several towns including Corydon, Kinzua, Quaker Bridge, and Red House were forced to move. 


Tom Hendrikse

Tom Hendrikse (born 11 August 1998) is a Dutch long distance runner. Hendrikse represents Netherlands at international competitions. 

Hendrikse was not able to run the Dutch qualification time for the marathon at the 2020 Summer Olympics. Until early 2022 Hendrikse had a long injury. 

He competed at the 2022 European Athletics Championships in the marathon event. 

John Sullivan (general)

John Sullivan (February 17, 1740 – January 23, 1795) was an American General in the Revolutionary War. He was a delegate in the Continental Congress. He was the third governor of New Hampshire. He was also a United States District judge. 

He led the Sullivan Expedition in 1779. In it, he attacked and destroyed many Iroquois towns. 

Minke Bisschops

Minke Bisschops (born 2 September 2002) is a Dutch sprinter. Bisschops represents the Netherlands at international competitions. 

She competed at the 2022 World Athletics Championships in the 4 × 100 metres relay event. She also competed at the 2022 European Athletics Championships in München. 

Schweigt stille, plaudert nicht, BWV 211

Schweigt stille, plaudert nicht", BWV 211, also known as the Coffee Cantata", is a cantata by Johann Sebastian Bach. Unlike most of his other cantatas, it is not a religious cantata. It is a cantata about coffee.

Bach was the leader of the collegium musicum in Leipzig. He performed concerts in Café Zimmermann, a coffeehouse in Leipzig. The text of the cantata was published by Picander in 1732. Bach may have written the music around 1734.

In Bach's time, coffee was expensive. People also thought that drinking coffee was not a good thing.

The cantata begins with the narrator telling the audience to be quiet. Schlendrian enters with his daughter, Liesgen. He is angry because Liesgen likes to drink coffee. Schlendrian threatens to take away everything from Liesgen if she does not stop drinking coffee. Liesgen does not care. Finally, Schlendrian threatens that Liesgen will never get a husband if she does not stop drinking coffee. Liesgen promises to stop drinking coffee. Schlendrian leaves to find Liesgen a husband. Liesgen secretly says that her new husband must allow her to make her coffee whenever she wants. The narrator, Liesgen, and Schlendrian sing a closing chorus together.

The cantata is written for soprano (as Liesgen), tenor (as the narrator), and bass (as Schlendrian) soloists, a flute, two violins, and basso continuo. It has ten movements. Bach never wrote an opera in his life. Even so, the cantata can be thought of as a mini-opera.



The Pallisers

The Pallisers is a British TV show. It is an adaption of the novels by Anthony Trollope and aired on BBC2 from 19 January to 21 November, 1974 for 26 episodes. It is set the 19th century.


Chaïm Soutine

Chaïm Soutine (13 January 1893 – 9 August 1943) was a Belarusian expressionist painter.

Harry Fonseca

Harry Eugene Fonseca (5 January 1946 – 28 December 2006) was a Nisenan Native American artist.


Brandon, Vermont

Brandon is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Castleton, Vermont

Castleton is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Clarendon, Vermont

Clarendon is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Danby, Vermont

Danby is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Fair Haven, Vermont

Fair Haven is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Hubbardton, Vermont

Hubbardton is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Ira, Vermont

Ira is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Killington, Vermont

Killington is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Mendon, Vermont

Mendon is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Middletown Springs, Vermont

Middletown Springs is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Mount Holly, Vermont

Mount Holly is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Mount Tabor, Vermont

Mount Tabor is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Pawlet, Vermont

Pawlet is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Pittsfield, Vermont

Pittsfield is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Pittsford, Vermont

Pittsford is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Poultney (town), Vermont

Poultney is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Proctor, Vermont

Proctor is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Rutland, Vermont (town)

Rutland is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Shrewsbury, Vermont

Shrewsbury is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Sudbury, Vermont

Sudbury is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Tinmouth, Vermont

Tinmouth is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Wallingford, Vermont

Wallingford is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Wells, Vermont

Wells is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

West Haven, Vermont

West Haven is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

West Rutland, Vermont

West Rutland is a town in Rutland County, Vermont, United States.

Berlin, Vermont

Berlin is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Bridgewater, Maine

Bridgewater is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Castle Hill, Maine

Castle Hill is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Caswell, Maine

Caswell is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Chapman, Maine

Chapman is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Crystal, Maine

Crystal is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Dyer Brook, Maine

Dyer Brook is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Eagle Lake, Maine

Eagle Lake is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Easton, Maine

Easton is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Fort Fairfield, Maine

Fort Fairfield is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Frenchville, Maine

Frenchville is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Grand Isle, Maine

Grand Isle is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Hamlin, Maine

Hamlin is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Hammond, Maine

Hammond is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Haynesville, Maine

Haynesville is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Hersey, Maine

Hersey is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Hodgdon, Maine

Hodgdon is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Sapphire-throated hummingbird

The sapphire-throated hummingbird "Lepidopyga coeruleogularis" is a bright metallic-green hummingbird found in Panama, Colombia. More recently, it is seen in Costa Rica. 

If a Man Answers

If a Man Answers is a 1962 American romantic comedy movie directed by Henry Levin and was based on the novel of the same name by Winifred Wolfe. It stars Bobby Darin, Sandra Dee, Micheline Presle, John Lund, Cesar Romero, Stefanie Powers, John Bleifer and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Jeremiah Clarke

Jeremiah Clarke ( 1 December 1707) was an English baroque composer and organist. He is best known as the composer of the "Prince of Denmark's March", also called the "Trumpet Voluntary".

His early life is unknown. He was a singer at the Chapel Royal by 1685. He was an organist at Winchester College from 1692 to 1695. He became the vicar-choral of St Paul's Cathedral, London. On 15 May 1704, he became an organist at the Chapel Royal with William Croft. He shot himself on 1 December 1707.

Clarke wrote church music, theatre music, and harpsichord music. His most famous work is the "Prince of Denmark's March". It was first published as a harpsichord piece in "A Choice Collection of Ayres for the Harpsichord" in 1700. It was arranged by Sir Henry Wood in the 19th century for an orchestra. He mistakenly thought that Henry Purcell had composed it. It is often played in weddings and ceremonies.

Another famous piece, the "Trumpet Tune in D" may have also been written by Clarke. It was also mistakenly thought to have been composed by Henry Purcell. It is a movement from "The Island Princess", a set of incidental music. It was written together by Clarke and Daniel Purcell, Henry Purcell's younger brother.

DJ Paul

Paul Duane Beauregard (born January 12, 1975), better known by his stage name DJ Paul, is an American rapper, DJ, record producer, and actor from Memphis, Tennessee. He is a founding member of hip hop group Three 6 Mafia and an uncle of the late rapper Lord Infamous. He is also a part owner of FaZe Clan.

Studio albums


Bivolt

Bárbara Bivolt (São Paulo, November 27, 1993) is a Brazilian R&B singer, model and songwriter. Her hit singles "Pão Com Ovo" and "Olha Pra Mim" made her a household name in Brazil. 

At the age of 15, he joined in rhyming battles in São Paulo. He released the first debut album Bivolt which marked a new moment in his career before releasing the album where he wrote three of his own compositions "Lágrimas", "Entre Tu e Meu Som", "Olha Pra Mim". were important songs to win over the public. In July 2013, she started releasing footage from her live performances. In 2016, she received even more popularity when she recorded a song with fellow Brazilian rapper Cafuzo. In September 2018, he signed with Som Livre.

In 2020, she won the RAP TV National Award for Best Female Artist, the awards ceremony was broadcast virtually. In 2018, she was a guest on the TV show Cultura Manos e Minas where she performed singing the release of the song "Olha Pra Mim". 


Théo Ngwabidje Kasi

Théo Ngwabidje Kasi (born 27 March 1971) is a politician from the Democratic Republic of the Congo who is Governor of South Kivu Province since 9 April 2019.

Prince of Denmark's March

The Prince of Denmark's March was written by Jeremiah Clarke. It is also called Trumpet Voluntary.

It was first published as a harpsichord piece in "A Choice Collection of Ayres for the Harpsichord" in 1700. It may have been dedicated to Prince George of Denmark and Anne of Great Britain's marriage. It was arranged by Sir Henry Wood for orchestra. He mistakenly thought that Henry Purcell had written the piece. It is often performed in weddings and other ceremonies.

Independence Day (Indonesia)

Independence Day is a national holiday in Indonesia. It is celebrated every 17 August. It commemorates the declaration of Indonesian independence on 17 August 1945.

Dorsal consonant

A dorsal consonant is a sound made with the back of your tongue. Dorsal sounds include palatal consonants, velar consonants and uvular consonants. For example, [k] and [j] are dorsal but [t] and [h] are not.

Palatal click

The palatal click is a sound used in some spoken languages. There are three different types of palatal click. They are tenuis, voiced, and nasal.

Lateral consonant

A lateral consonant is a sound where air flows out of the side of the mouth. English has one lateral, [l]. Languages have been found with lateral approximants, fricatives, affricates and flaps. Lateral trills are possible but no language has one.

Open vowel

An open vowel is a sound made without your tongue blocking anything. The International Phonetic Alphabet has four symbols for open vowels: a, ɶ, ɑ, and ɒ.

Manner of articulation

A manner of articulation is how a sound is made. For example, [s] is a fricative and [ŋ] is a nasal. The manner of articulation should not be confused with the place of articulation.

Sergej Kraigher

Sergej Kraigher (30 May 1914 – 17 January 2001) was a Yugoslav communist politician from Slovenia. He served as the President of Yugoslavia from 1981 to 1982. During World War II, he fought in the Yugoslav Resistance Movement.

Ivan Maček

Ivan Maček, nom de guerre Matija (28 May 1908 – 10 July 1993), was a Yugoslav Communist politician from Slovenia. He served as the President of the People's Assembly of SR Slovenia from 1963 to 1967.

Maček was born in Spodnja Zadobrova near Ljubljana, Austria-Hungary (now in Slovenia). He became a member of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia in 1930. In 1935 was sent to the Soviet Union. He studied at the International Lenin School, Moscow. He returned to Yugoslavia in 1937. He became a member of the Central Committee of the Communist party of Slovenia. Yugoslav police detained him in 1938 and he was sentenced to four years in prison in Sremska Mitrovica.

After the war, Maček moved into a mansion that had been confiscated from the pharmacist Leo Bahovec Maček was minister of the interior and vice-president of the Slovene government (1945–1953), vice-president of the Executive council of PR Slovenia and a member of the Federal Executive Council (1953–1963) and also the President of the People's Assembly of SR Slovenia (1963–1967). He was also a deputy in the National and Federal Assembly.
Maček died in Ljubljana, Slovenia on 10 July 1993 due to heart failure.
Maček was declared as the People's Hero of Yugoslavia in 1952.

Nina Garsoïan

Nina G. Garsoïan (April 11, 1923 – August 14, 2022) was a French-born American historian. Her works focused on Armenian and Byzantine history. In 1969 she became the first female historian to get tenure at Columbia University. From 1977 to 1979, she was dean of the Graduate School of Princeton University. She was born in Paris, France.

Garsoïan died on August 14, 2022 in New York City at the age of 99.

Roland Jefferson

Roland Maurice Jefferson (born September 3, 1923) was an American botanist. He was the first African-American botanist to work for the United States National Arboretum. He worked there from 1956 to 1987. 

He was a well known person when it came to flowering cherry trees. He wrote a 1977 book on how Washington, D.C. got its famous cherry trees. 

National Cherry Blossom Festival

The National Cherry Blossom Festival is a spring celebration in Washington, D.C.. It celebrates the March 27, 1912, gift of Japanese cherry trees from Mayor Yukio Ozaki of Tokyo City to the city of Washington, D.C. Ozaki gave the trees to show the growing friendship between the United States and Japan. 

The festival has large and colorful helium balloons, floats, marching bands along with music and other events.

Prunus × yedoensis

Prunus" × "yedoensis (synonym Cerasus" × "yedoensis) is a hybrid cherry tree between "Prunus speciosa" ("Oshima cherry") as father plant and "Prunus pendula" f. "ascendens" (syn. "Prunus itosakura", "Prunus subhirtella" var. "ascendens", "Edo higan") as mother. It is a hybrid born in Japan. It is is one of the most popular and widely planted cherry trees around the world today. 

Duggie Brown

Duggie Brown (born Barry Dudley; 7 August 1940 – 16 August 2022) was an English comedian and actor. He was born in Rotherham, England. His career began in 1969. He played the Milkman in the movie "Kes" and George Freeman in the soap opera "Coronation Street".

Brown died on 16 August 2022, nine days after his 82nd birthday.

Harriet Hageman

Harriet M. Hageman (born October 18, 1962) is an American lawyer and Republican politician. She is the member of the U.S. House of Representatives representing Wyoming's at-large congressional district since 2023.

In August 2022, Hageman beat incumbent U.S. Representative Liz Cheney in a landslide victory. Her campaign was supported by former President Donald Trump. She was a candidate for Governor of Wyoming in the 2018 election.

Fort Laramie, Wyoming

Fort Laramie is a town in Goshen County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 230 at the 2010 census.

La Grange, Wyoming

LaGrange is a town in Goshen County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 448 at the 2010 census.

Yoder, Wyoming

Yoder is a town in Goshen County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 151 at the 2010 census.

Copa Constitució

The Copa Constitució is the cup competition in Andorran football. It started in 1991. The winner of the Copa is playing in the qualification for UEFA Europa League.
The cup is played in five rounds. In the first round the eight best teams of the Segona Divisió play four matches. The winner must play against the under half of the table of the Primera Divisió . In the third round the best teams of the Primera Divisió start in the competition. Then a half- and a final is played.
1992 and 1993 the cup was not held.

Kal David

David Raskin (June 15, 1943 – August 16, 2022), was an American blues guitarist and singer-songwriter. He was known as the voice of the "Sonny Eclipse" animatronic at Cosmic Ray's Starlight Cafe at Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom.

Raskin died on August 16, 2022 at the age of 79.

Narayan (writer)

Narayan (26 September 1940 – 16 August 2022) was an Indian writer. He was best known for his debut novel "Kocharethi" (1998). He was born in Idukki, British Raj. He won the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award in 1999. 

Narayan died on 16 August 2022 in Idukki, India from COVID-19 at the age of 81.

Hans Peterson

Hans Peterson (26 October 1922 – 16 August 2022) was a Swedish children's writer. He was born in Väring, Sweden.

During his career, he was honored with the Svenska Dagbladet Literature Prize (1955), Nils Holgersson Plaque (1958), Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis (1959) and Astrid Lindgren Prize (1971).

Peterson committed suicide on 16 August 2022 in Mölle, Sweden at the age of 99.

Odd Reinsfelt

Odd Reinsfelt (23 August 1941 – 16 August 2022) was a Norwegian Conservative Party politician and meteorologist. Reinsfelt was born in Bærum, Norway. He was the Mayor of Bærum from 1992 to 2011.

Reinsfelt died on 16 August 2022 in Bærum, one week before his 81st birthday.

Brentwood, Los Angeles

Brentwood is a suburban neighborhood in the Westside area of Los Angeles. It is a lightly populated residential district. The people are older, well-educated, and have high incomes.

Kamini Kaushal

Kamini Kaushal (born Uma Kashyap; 24 February 1927) is an Indian actress. She acted in "Neecha Nagar" (1946) and "Biraj Bahu" (1955), both of which won her acting awards. Recently, she acted in "Chennai Express" (2013) and the romantic drama "Kabir Singh" (2019).

Kallistos (Ware)

Kallistos Ware (born Timothy Richard Ware; 11 September 1934 – 24 August 2022) was an English bishop and theologian of the Eastern Orthodox Church. He became the titular bishopric of Diokleia in Phrygia () in 1982. He was later made a titular metropolitan bishopric in 2007. From 1966 to 2001, he was Spalding Lecturer of Eastern Orthodox Studies at the University of Oxford. Ware was born in Bath, Somerset, England.

On 14 August 2022, it was reported that Ware was in critical condition and "approaching the end of his life". He died ten days later on 24 August in Oxford, Oxfordshire at the age of 87.

Retroflex consonant

A retroflex consonant is a sound made with your tongue curled back. English has no retroflex consonants.

Allophone

An allophone is another way of saying a sound, usually influenced by nearby sounds or place in a word. For example, in English [ɫ] is an allophone of /l/ that appears in codas.

Coda

CODA or coda may mean:


Coda (linguistics)

A coda is made up of the consonants at the end of a syllable. For example, in the word ‘stands’ (IPA: /stændz/), /ndz/ is the coda. Many languages, such as Swahili, do not allow codas. A syllable without a coda is an open syllable, and one with a coda is a closed syllable.

QU

QU, Qu or qu may refer to:

Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques

Institut des hautes études scientifiques, founded in 1958, is a higher education and research institution in France. It is located in Bures-sur-Yvette, close to Paris, in the University of Paris-Saclay campus.



Bitter Springs Group

Bitter Springs Group is a Precambrian fossil locality in Australia, which preserves microorganisms in silica. Bitter Springs type preservation ceased in the late Precambrian with the coming of silicifying organisms. Preserved fossils include cyanobacteria microfossils.

Bitter Springs is pretty much in the centre of Australia, in the south of the Northern Territory.

Pseudacris sierra

The seirra chorus frog, sierran tree frog, or eastern Oregon tree frog ("Pseudacris sierra") is a frog. It lives in the United States. It lives in California, Oregon, Montana, and Idaho. Scientists think it might also live in Utah.

Kalikho Pul

Kalikho Pul (20 July 1969 – 9 August 2016) was an Indian politician. He was Chief Minister of the north-eastern state of Arunachal Pradesh in India for a short-time in 2016.

On 9 August 2016, Pul allegedly committed suicide by hanging at his official residence in Itanagar. Pul's supporters protested in Itanagar demanding an investigation by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).

Gerald Grosvenor, 6th Duke of Westminster

Major General Gerald Cavendish Grosvenor, 6th Duke of Westminster, (22 December 1951 – 9 August 2016), was a British landowner, businessman, philanthropist, Territorial Army general, and peer.

The Duke died on 9 August 2016 after suffering a heart attack.

John Alan Robinson

John Alan Robinson (9 March 1930 – 5 August 2016) was a British-American philosopher, mathematician, and computer scientist.

He was a professor emeritus at Syracuse University.

Conor Leslie

Conor Marie Leslie (born April 10, 1991) is an American actress. From 2015 to 2018, she also appeared in the first three seasons of the Amazon Prime Video alternate history thriller "The Man in the High Castle". She also played Donna Troy / Wonder Girl on the DC Universe / HBO Max superhero series "Titans" (2018–present).

Erica Durance

Erica Durance (; born June 21, 1978) is a Canadian actress. She is known for her role as Lois Lane in the WB/CW superhero television series "Smallville" and as Dr. Alex Reid in the CTV medical drama "Saving Hope".

Hugh Grosvenor, 7th Duke of Westminster

Hugh Richard Louis Grosvenor, 7th Duke of Westminster, was born 29 January 1991. He was styled as Earl Grosvenor until August 2016. 

The Duke is a British aristocrat, billionaire, businessman, and owner of the Grosvenor Group. He became Duke of Westminster on 9 August 2016, on the death of his father Gerald, 6th Duke of Westminster.

The Duke and his family are 12th on the "Sunday Times Rich List" with an estimated net worth of £10.045 billion. 

He was the world's richest person aged under 30.

Steve LaTourette

Steven Clare LaTourette (July 22, 1954 – August 3, 2016) was an American politician who served as the U.S. Representative for Ohio's 19th congressional district and then Ohio's 14th congressional district from 1995 to 2013.

Articulator

An articulator is a part of the body used to make a sound. For example, in [f], the top teeth and bottom lip are articulators.

Lee Ji-ah

Kim Sang-eun (; born August 6, 1978), known professionally as Lee Ji-ah, is an actress from South Korea. She is famous for her roles in the television series " The Legend" (2007), "Beethoven Virus" (2008), "" (2010), "Me Too, Flower!" (2011), "Thrice Married Woman" (2013), "My Mister" (2018) and "" (2020–2021).

Ganondagan State Historic Site

Ganondagan State Historic Site or Boughton Hill is a Native American historic site in Ontario County, New York. The site has two main sections. The first section now includes burials and a large bark longhouse. It is a National Historic Site. The other section includes fortified storage for grains at Fort Hill. This section is a National Register of Historic Places. There are also several trails. Ganondagan was the largest village of the Seneca people. There were about 150 longhouses in this village. The city was part of the western gateway of the Iroquois Confederacy. The town Ganondagan is called the "Town of Peace". There is a burial site of Jigonhsasee. She was one of the founders of the Iroquois Confederacy. Marquis de Denonville destroyed the town in 1687. 


Genesee River

The Genesee River is a river of Lake Ontario. It flows northward through Twin Tiers of New York and Pennsylvania. 

Marquis de Denonville

Jacques-René de Brisay de Denonville, Marquis de Denonville (10 December 1637 – 22 September 1710) was a governor of New France. He was important during the Beaver Wars. He arrived in the colonies when there was much conflict between the Irouquois and the English. He led an attack against the Seneca people in 1687. He destroyed many towns. 

Discovery Family (French TV channel)

Disovery Family was a French family-oriented television channel. It was owned by Discovery, Inc. (now part of Warner Bros. Discovery). It was launched on 14 September 2017. The channel was available only for SFR TV subscribers, as a part of a deal between SFR and Discovery.

Unlike Discovery Family, the channel did not include programming aimed at children.


Classical Marxism

Classical Marxism refers to the economic, philosophical and sociological theories by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels. It was contrasted with later developments in Marxism, especially Marxism–Leninism.

Sadhguru

Jagadish "Jaggi" Vasudev (born 3 September 1957), more commonly called Sadhguru, is an Indian yoga guru.



Second Treaty of Buffalo Creek

The Second Treaty of Buffalo Creek, also known as the Treaty with the New York Indians, 1838 was a treaty between Native Americans and the United States. The Natives in the treaty were the Seneca, Mohawk, Cayuga , Oneida , Onondaga and Tuscarora. New York Indians gave up lands. The Seneca would give up (Buffalo Creek Reservation, Tonawanda Reservation, Oil Springs Reservation, Cattaraugus Reservation, and Allegany Reservation for reservations in Kansas and Missouri. The third and fourth Treaties of Buffalo's Creek were just changes of the second treaty.


Battle of Minisink

The Battle of Minisink was a battle of the American Revolutionary War. The British and Iroquois Confederacy defeated the Americans. The Americans were not prepared and had little experience. The battle was at Minisink Ford, New York, on July 22, 1779. It was the only major fight in the northern Delaware Valley.


Jigonhsasee

Jigonhsasee (alternately spelled Jikonhsaseh and Jikonsase) was one of the founders of the Iroquois Confederacy. The other founders were the Great Peacemaker and Hiawatha. She is known as the Mother of Nations. According to legend, the Peacemaker came to Jigonhsasee. He told her about his mission to build a confederacy. That led to the founding of the Iroquois confederacy which took place around 900 CE.


Charlie Chan in Shanghai

Charlie Chan in Shanghai is a 1935 American mystery movie directed by James Tinling and is the 12th movie in the Charlie Chan series. It stars Warner Oland, Irene Hervey, Russell Hicks, Keye Luke, Jon Hall, Halliwell Hobbes and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Requiem (Michael Haydn)

Michael Haydn's Requiem (full title Missa pro defuncto Archiepiscopo Sigismondo) was written after the death of Archbishop Sigismund von Schrattenbach of Salzburg in December 1771. It was first performed in January 1772. Leopold Mozart and his son Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart were among the musicians performing. It inspired Mozart's own Requiem, which was written in 1791.

The requiem is written for SATB choir and soloists, two bassoons, four trumpets, three trombones, timpani, strings, and basso continuo. The requiem is divided into five sections:


CE Principat

Club Esportiu Principat was an Andorran football club from the city of Andorra la Vella. The club was founded in 1989. He won three times the Andorran Premier League and five times the Andorran Cup. The club was dissolved in 2015.

The club was founded in 1989 by "Penya Madridista Restaurant Charlie's" (Real Madrid Supporters' Club of Charlie's Restaurant) as Club Esportiu Principat. The club had three consecutives league victories between 1997 and 1999 and five consecutives cup trophies between 1995 and 1999. The club was founding member of the Andorran Premier League in 1995.

In 1997 the club was the first Andorran club in an European competition playing versus Dundee United from Scotland. The Andorran team pülayed three times in the (UEFA Cup) but lost in the first round each time.

The senior club was registered in Segona Divisió 2015 but withdrew from the competition in the first round. Lower and youth teams continued to compete in their competitions. In 2015 the club was dissolved.

The team's traditional color was purple. In the beginnings till the mid-2000s the first kit was white due to the origins of the club linked with Real Madrid supporters in Andorra.



Numb Chucks

Numb Chucks is an animated television series that was created by Phil LaFrance and Jamie LeClaire and premiered on YTV in Canada on January 7, 2014, and it premiered on Boomerang in the United States on January 12, 2015. The series was focused on Dilweed and Fungus, two woodchucks with big hearts, who are obsessed with using their bungling kung-fu skills to protect the lives of the citizens in their town of Ding-a-Ling Springs. The series was cancelled, and its final episode aired on December 1, 2016, after a total of 52 episodes were produced.

Constel·lació Esportiva

Constel·lació Esportiva was an Andorran football club from Andorra La Vella. They started in the Andorran First Division (Campionat de Lliga) in 1998. 2000 they became champion.

In this year the Football Federation accused the team of trying to buy players from other teams and they were financial irregularities and the team did not want to divide its winnings from the UEFA cup with the league. So they were kicked out of the First Division for seven years.


Andorra women's national football team

Andorra women's national football team is a national football team from Andorra. They are yet to feature at the FIFA Women's World Cup.

Butch Thompson

Richard Enos Thompson, universally known as "Butch Thompson" (November 28, 1943 – August 14, 2022) was an American jazz pianist and clarinetist. He was best known for his ragtime and stride works. From 1974 to 1986, he appeared on the radio show "A Prairie Home Companion". From the 1960s until 2021, he led the Butch Thompson Trio.

Thompson died on August 14, 2022 in Saint Paul, Minnesota at the age of 78.

Hanae Mori

Mori died on 11 August 2022 at her home in Tokyo, Japan from cardiopulmonary arrest at the age of 96.

Paul X. Rinn

Paul Xavier Rinn (13 September 1946 – 3 August 2022) was an officer in the United States Navy. He was the first commanding officer of the "USS Samuel B. Roberts (FFG-58)" and was in charge when the ship struck a mine in the Persian Gulf on 14 April 1988. Rinn was born in New York City. He was awarded a Purple Heart and the Legion of Merit for his actions on "USS Samuel B. Roberts".

Rinn died on 3 August 2022 from a heart attack while at a speaking event in Boston, Massachusetts at the age of 75.

Legion of Merit

The Legion of Merit (LOM) is a military award of the United States Armed Forces. It is given for great outstanding services and achievements. The decoration is given to members of the eight uniformed services of the United States as well as to military and political figures of foreign governments.

Viktor Zozulin

Viktor Viktorovich Zozulin (; 10 October 1944 – 16 August 2022) was a Russian actor. He was born in Moscow, then-Soviet Union. He was known for his roles in "Operation Y and Shurik's Other Adventures", "I Loved You" and "King Stag". His career began in 1965.

Zozulin died on 16 August 2022 in Moscow from a long-illness at the age of 77.

Toby Curtis

Sir Noble Thomson "Toby" Curtis (13 November 1939 – 17 August 2022) was a New Zealand educator and Māori leader. He was director of primary teacher education at Auckland College of Education and then dean of the education faculty at Auckland Institute of Technology during the 1990s, becoming deputy vice chancellor at Auckland University of Technology in 2000.

Curtis died at his home on Lake Rotoiti, New Zealand on 17 August 2022, at the age of 82.

Modern Romance

Modern Romance is a 1981 romantic comedy directed by Albert Brooks (who also stars) and also starring James L. Brooks, Bruno Kirby, Kathryn Harrold, George Kennedy, Albert Henderson. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Diego Uribe Vargas

Diego Uribe Vargas (1 November 1931 – 12 August 2022) was a Colombian politician, lawyer and academic. He was a member of the Colombian Liberal Party. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1978 to 1981. From 1974 to 1990, he was a Senator. He was also the Governor of Cundinamarca from 1970 to 1972. From 1972 to 1974, he was a member of the Chamber of Representatives.

Uribe Vargas was born in Bogotá, Colombia. Before his death, he was a professor at the National University of Colombia.

Uribe Vargas died in Bogotá on 12 August 2022 at the age of 90.

Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Colombia)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MRE) () also known as the Chancellery (), is the Cabinet position of the Government of Colombia responsible for the international relations of Colombia and the country's foreign policy.

Julio Londoño Paredes

Julio Londoño Paredes (born 10 July 1938) is a retired Colombian Army Lieutenant Colonel, writer and politician. He was born in Bogotá, Colombia. He has worked under the administrations of six presidents from 1983 to 2010: Belisario Betancur, Virgilio Barco Vargas, César Gaviria, Ernesto Samper, Andrés Pastrana Arango and Álvaro Uribe.

Londoño Paredes was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1986 to 1990. He also was the Permanent Representative to the Organization of American States from 1990 to 1994 and to the United Nations from 1994 to 1998. Londoño Paredes also was an Ambassador to Panama from 1983 to 1986 and to Cuba from 1998 until 2010.

Farges-en-Septaine

Farges-en-Septaine is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 999 people lived there in January 2019.

Crézançay-sur-Cher

Crézançay-sur-Cher is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 59 people lived there in January 2019.

Daniel Quintero

Daniel Quintero Calle (born 26 July 1980) is a Colombian politician. He was the mayor of Medellín since 2020. Quintero was suspended as mayor from 10 May to 21 June 2022 for trying to interfere in the 2022 presidential election.

Charentonnay

Charentonnay is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 293 people lived there in January 2019.

Charly, Cher

Charly is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 246 people lived there in January 2019.

Chezal-Benoît

Chezal-Benoît is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 823 people lived there in January 2019.

Civray, Cher

Civray is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 906 people lived there in January 2019.

Clémont

Clémont is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 710 people lived there in January 2019.

Cogny, Cher

Cogny is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 34 people lived there in January 2019.

Blonde or Brunette

Blonde or Brunette is a 1927 American romantic comedy movie directed by Richard Rosson and starring Adolphe Menjou, Greta Nissen, Arlette Marchal, Mary Carr, Emile Chautard, Paul Weigel, Henry Sedley . It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Colombiers, Cher

Colombiers is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 417 people lived there in January 2019.

Concressault

Concressault is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 202 people lived there in January 2019.

Contres, Cher

Contres is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 33 people lived there in January 2019.

Cornusse

Cornusse is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 266 people lived there in January 2019.

New Day Rising

New Day Rising is the third studio by American punk rock band Hüsker Dü and released in January 1985 through SST Records. It was ranked #428 on the 500 albums of all time by the Rolling Stone magazine in 2020.

No One Is to Blame

"No One Is to Blame" is a song by Howard Jones. It went to number 4 in the United States and number 9 in Australia. It was one his biggest hits in the United States.

Crézancy-en-Sancerre

Crézancy-en-Sancerre is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 454 people lived there in January 2019.

Croisy

Croisy is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 152 people lived there in January 2019.

J.C. Jones

J.C. Jones (born 1973) is an American country music artist.


Peter Hintze

Peter Hintze (25 April 1950 – 26 November 2016) was a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) who served as a member of the German Bundestag from 1990 until his death in 2016.

From 2013 until 2016, Hintze was one of the six Vice Presidents of the Bundestag. He had previously been federal chairman of the Evangelical Working Group of the CDU/CSU from 1990 to 1992 and general secretary of the CDU from 1992 to 1998. He was also Vice President of the Centrist Democrat International.

Mateus Caramelo

Mateus Lucena dos Santos (30 August 1994 – 28 November 2016), commonly known as Caramelo, was a Brazilian professional footballer who played for Chapecoense on loan from São Paulo FC as a right back.

Caramelo was one of the victims when LaMia Airlines Flight 2933 crashed on 28 November 2016.


René Vignal

René Vignal (12 August 1926 – 21 November 2016) was a French footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

He played for Toulouse, RC Paris and Béziers at club level as well as the French national team.

Van Williams

Van Zandt Jarvis Williams (February 27, 1934 – November 28, 2016) was an American actor. He played Kenny Madison in both Warner Bros. television detective series Bourbon Street Beat (1959–1960) and its sequel, Surfside 6 (1960–1962).

He teamed up with with Bruce Lee as his partner Kato, in the television series The Green Hornet during 1966–1967.

The Scarlet Empress

The Scarlet Empress is a 1934 American romantic historical drama movie directed by Josef von Sternberg and starring Marlene Dietrich, John Lodge, Sam Jaffe, C. Aubrey Smith, Louise Dresser, Olive Tell, Erville Alderson. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Monte Carlo Casino

Casino Monte-Carlo, officially called Casino de Monte-Carlo, is a gambling and entertainment place located in Monaco. The Casino de Monte-Carlo is owned and operated by the "Société des bains de mer de Monaco". The idea of opening a gambling casino in Monaco came from Princess Carolina, the wife of Prince Florestan. The company's money was supposed to save the House of Grimaldi from bankruptcy.

In 1921, the first Women’s Olympiad was held at the casino gardens.

Giovanna Amati

Giovanna Amati (born 20 July 1959) is a former professional racing driver from Italy. She is the most recent female driver to have entered the Formula One World Championship.

Amati was born in Rome on 20 July 1959, to actress Anna Maria Pancani and theatre-owner Giovanni Amati. As of 2022, Amati is the last female driver who has attempted to qualify a Formula One car. Following her retirement from motor sport, Amati worked briefly as a sport commentator.

Catherine the Last

Catherine the Last (German: Katharina, die Letzte) is a 1936 Austrian romantic comedy movie directed by Henry Koster and starring Franciska Gaal, Hans Holt, Hans Olden, Otto Wallburg, Eduard Lnikers, Ernő Verebes, Adrienne Gessner, Fritz Imhoff. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was remade in America in 1938 as "The Girl Downstairs".

Strecker's chorus frog

Strecker's chorus frog ("Pseudacris streckeri") is a frog. It lives in the United States. It lives in Oklahoma and parts of Kansas, Texas, and Louisiana. Scientists think it might also live in Utah.

This is the largest frog is the genus "Pseudacris". The adult can be 48 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the back may be brown, gray, or green. It has a dark stripe from its eyes to its body. It has dark spots on its back and a white belly. The skin where the back legs meet the body is orange-yellow in color.

This frog looks for food at night. During the day, it digs in the ground and hides under soil or wet leaves. Most frogs dig with their back legs, but this frog digs with its front legs.

This frog is not in danger of dying out but there are fewer of them than there were. This is because human beings build things in the places where the frog lives and cut down trees for wood. However, a subspecies of this frog, "Pseudacris streckeri illinoiensis", is endangered.

Joseph Delaney

Joseph Henry Delaney (25 July 1945 – 16 August 2022) was a British writer. He was known for his dark fantasy series "Spook's". Delaney was born in Preston, Lancashire.

Delaney died on 16 August 2022 at the age of 77.


Niccolò Ghedini

Niccolò Ghedini (22 December 1959 – 17 August 2022) was an Italian lawyer and politician. He was known as the lawyer of the former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi. Ghedini was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2001 to 2013. He also was a Senator from 2006 until his death. Ghedini was born in Padua, Italy.

Ghedini died on 17 August 2022 at a hospital in Milan, Italy from leukemia at the age of 62.

Federal Assembly

Federal Assembly may refer to:


Under the German name "Bundesversammlung": 

Adeline Genée

Dame Adeline Genée (born Anina Kirstina Margarete Petra Jensen; 6 January 1878  – 23 April 1970) was a Danish-British ballet dancer.

Anina Kirstina Margarete Petra Jensen was born in Hinnerup north of Aarhus, Denmark. Her uncle, Alexandre Genée, gave her dancing lessons from the age of three.

In 1895, she was the principal dancer of the Royal Danish Ballet in Copenhagen. In 1896, she danced with the Berlin Royal Opera Ballet and the Munich Opera Ballet.

Anna Maria Hall

Anna Maria Hall (6 January 1800 – 30 January 1881) was an Irish novelist. She published as "Mrs. S. C. Hall".

She was born as Anna Maria Fielding in Dublin, but left Ireland for England at the age of 15. At that time, published her first original work, Sketches of Irish character, in 1828. Her first work was well received, Anna Maria Hall was married to the writer Samuel Carter Hall from 1824.

National Council

National Council may refer to:


National Congress

National Congress is a word used in the names of many political parties and legislatures.


National Front

National Front or Front National can mean the following political parties:


Tilly Losch

Ottilie Ethel Leopoldine Herbert, Countess of Carnarvon ("née" Losch; November 15, 1903 – December 24, 1975), known professionally as Tilly Losch. She was an Austrian dancer, choreographer, actress, and painter who lived and worked for most of her life in the United States and United Kingdom.

She was born in Vienna to a Jewish family and studied ballet from childhood at the Vienna Opera. In 1927, she took part in Max Reinhardt's production of A Midsummer Night's Dream at the Salzburg Festival, for which she also created the choreography. 

Losch died from cancer in New York on December 24, 1975.

Shatter cone

Shatter cones are features of rocks. They only form in the bedrock beneath meteorite impact craters or underground nuclear explosions. 

They show the rock has been subjected to a shock with pressures in the range of .

Uvular consonant

A uvular consonant is a sound made with the back of your tongue against the uvula. English has no uvular consonants.

Pharyngeal consonant

A pharyngeal consonant is a sound made with the back of your tongue against the pharynx. Epiglottal consonants are a type of pharyngeal consonant. They are made with the aryepiglottic folds against the pharynx. English has no pharyngeal consonants.

Glottal consonant

A glottal consonant is a sound made using only the glottis. English has two glottal consonants, [h], as in hat and [ʔ], as in uh-oh.

The International Phonetic Alphabet has symbols for three glottal consonants:


[h] and [ɦ] often are not true fricatives, and are more similar to voiceless vowels.

Roundedness

Roundedness is whether your lips are rounded or not while making a vowel sound. In the International Phonetic Alphabet chart, rounded vowels are to the right of unrounded vowels. For example, [u] is rounded and [i] is not.

Back vowel

A back vowel is a vowel sound made with the back of your tongue. For example, [u] is a back vowel but [i] is not.

Alveolar lateral click

The alveolar lateral click is a sound used in some spoken languages. There are three types of alveolar lateral click: tenuis, voiced and nasal. English has no lateral clicks.

Gajal

The Gajal live in Turkey-East Thrace, and are Sunni Muslims, once originated from Moldavia, at the Russo-Turkish War (1806–1812). The Gajal believe they are descendants of the Pechenegs and Cumans, and are a Muslim Branch of the Eastern Orthodox Christian Gagauz from Moldova.

Chief John Big Tree

Chief John Big Tree (born Isaac Johnny John, June 2, 1877 – July 6, 1967) was a member of the Seneca nation and an actor. His acting career was from 1915 to 1950. He played Native Americans and chiefs of Native Americans in films. He played in many Western movies. 


 

Rob Renzetti

Robert John Renzetti is an American animator and author.


Central Bureau of Investigation

The Central Bureau of Investigation (known by it's acronym, CBI) is the investigating agency of India. It operates under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions. It was originally set up in 1965 to investigate bribery and governmental corruption. It also receives expanded jurisdiction to investigate breaches of central laws enforceable by the Government of India, multi-state organised crime, or international cases. 

The agency has been known to investigate several economic crimes, special crimes, cases of corruption and other cases. CBI is India's officially designated single point of contact for liaison with the Interpol.

The headquarters of CBI is located in CGO Complex, near Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in New Delhi, India.

The CBI is headed by a director. The director must be an Indian Police Service (IPS) officer with a rank of Director General of Police. Other ranks in the CBI which may be staffed by the IRS (Indian Revenue Service) officer and the IPS are:- 

Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Assistant Sub-Inspector, Head constable, Constable are non-gazetted officers. They are recruited through SSC or through deputation from Police, Income Tax Department and Customs Department.

In 2013, Judge of the Supreme Court of India (and later Chief Justice of India) R. M. Lodha criticized the CBI for being a "caged parrot speaking in its master's voice". This is due to its too much political interference ignoring of which party comes to be in power.

Because of the CBI's political overtones, it has been exposed by former officials such as Joginder Singh and B. R. Lall (director and joint director, respectively) as engaging in nepotism, wrongful prosecution and corruption. In Lall's book, "Who Owns CBI", he details how investigations are manipulated and derailed. Corruption within the organisation
has been revealed in information obtained under the RTI Act, and RTI activist Krishnanand Tripathi has alleged harassment from the CBI to save itself from exposure via RTI. The states that have withdrawn consent to the CBI have accused the CBI of being a tool used by the Union Government to unfairly target parties ideologically rival to them.

Generally, cases assigned to the CBI are sensitive and of national importance. It is standard practice for state police departments to register cases under its jurisdiction. If necessary, the central government may transfer a case to the CBI. The agency has been criticised for its mishandling of several scams. It has also been criticized for dragging its feet investigating prominent politicians, like P. V. Narasimha Rao, Jayalalithaa, Lalu Prasad Yadav, Mayawati, Mulayam Singh Yadav and many more. 


Michaela Huber

Michaela Huber (born 19 May 1969) is an Austrian taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the middleweight event.

At the European Taekwondo Championships she became European Champion in 1984 and won bronze medals in 1982, 1986 and 1988.

Lisbeth Larsen

Lisbeth Larsen (born 29 December 1956) is a Danish athlete who competed in taekwondo. 

She won a bronze medal at the 1983 Taekwondo World Championships, and at the 1984 European Taekwondo Championships in the –52 kg category. 

She was a member of Fredericia Taekwondo klub.

Mark Gordon

Mark Gordon may also refer to:

Zoom (Fat Larry's Band song)

"Zoom" is a 1982 song by American band Fat Larry's Band and released as the fourth single by their breakout album "Breakin' Out". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in New Zealand, number 10 in Australia and fared poorly in the United States.

Ethnic flag

A ethnic flag is a flag that represents a ethnic group.

Gleichwie der Regen und Schnee vom Himmel fällt, BWV 18

"Gleichwie der Regen und Schnee vom Himmel fällt", BWV 18 is a cantata by Johann Sebastian Bach. The title means "Just as the rain and snow fall from heaven" in English. It was written for the Sexagesima Sunday. Bach probably wrote the cantata in 1713, when he was working in Weimar. He used the cantata again when he worked as the "Thomaskantor" in Leipzig.

The first version of the cantata was written for SATB choir and soloists, four violas, a bassoon, and basso continuo. The instrumentation was unusual at that time. Bach added two recorders when he worked in Leipzig. The cantata has five movements:


Sigismund von Schrattenbach

Sigismund Graf von Schrattenbach (28 February 1698 – 16 December 1771) was Prince-Archbishop of Salzburg from 1753 to 1771. Leopold and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart worked for him. 

He was born in Graz, Styria. He studied theology in Rome. He became a priest in 1723. He was a canon in Salzburg in 1731. He was chosen to be Archbishop of Salzburg in 1753. He employed Leopold Mozart, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, and Michael Haydn as musicians. He died in Salzburg. Michael Haydn performed his Requiem for the funeral service.

FC Lusitanos

FC Lusitanos was an Andorran football club from Andorra la Vella. The clubwas founded in 1999 and dissolved in 2020.

Lusitanos won their first Primera Divisió title in 2011–12 and the second the following season. The club's name, crest and kit showed its Portuguese identity.

The club's final season was the 2019-2020 season in the Segona Divisió. 

Futbol Club Lusitanos was founded in 1999. The club played for the first time in the Primera Divisió in 2000–01, after winning the Second Division championship. In 2001–02 they won its first title, the Copa Constitució.

Lusitanos played their first European matches in the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League against the Macedonian club FK Rabotnički. In the following season's tournament, they were beaten at the same stage by Croatian club Varaždin, 6–1 on aggregate.

After the 2011-12 season they played in thethe 2012–13 UEFA Champions League. They were beaten by Maltese champions Valletta 9–1 in the first qualifying round.

They won their second league title in 2013. The team played in the 2013–14 UEFA Champions League versus EB/Streymur of the Faroe Islands. They were knocked out by 7–3.

After finishing fourth in the regular season FC Lusitanos the 2013–14 season ended without international qualificationLeague. They also lost the 2014 Copa Constitució final against Sant Julià.

2014–15 FC Lusitanos became runners-up of the regular league and this qualified the club to the 2015–16 UEFA Europa League. There they played versus West Ham United in the first qualifying round. They lost 0–4.

The supporters are mainly Portuguese immigrants in Andorra or Andorran people of Portuguese origin.



Temminck's sunbird

The Temminck's sunbird or Temminck's hummingbird ("Aethopyga temminckii") is a species of bird. It is found in up to 1800 m altitude in Borneo, Sumatra, Malaysia and southwestern Thailand in humid tropical mountain forests.

The common name of this bird and the Latin binomial commemorate the Dutch aristocrat and zoologist Coenraad Jacob Temminck.


Priscila Senna

Priscila da Silva Sena (Olinda, November 13, 1990), better known by her stage name Priscila Senna, is a Brazilian singer and songwriter. She became known nationally for being part of the band Musa, in which she was the lead singer. Its popularity and mass audience is concentrated in the Northeast Region of the country. During her career, she was a member of the band "Musa", where she remained for at least 13 years and decided to pursue a solo career in 2012.

João Gomes (singer)

João Fernando Gomes Valério (born 31 July 2002) is a Brazilian singer and songwriter. He became famous with his debut album "Eu tenho a senha". One song from the album, "Meu Pedaço de Pecado", was the most played song among Brazil's Spotify users as of 1 July 2021, and also appeared in Spotify's Top 50 Global chart the same month.

UE Santa Coloma

Unió Esportiva Santa Coloma, short UE Santa Coloma, is a football club from Andorra . The club is from Santa Coloma in the parish of Andorra la Vella. They currently plays in Primera Divisió.

UE Santa Coloma was founded on 23 September 1986. In 1996 the club started aa football academy. During few seasons the club was farm team for many Andorran teams including FC Santa Coloma. The first football team was refounded in 2006 by joining the Andorran football league Segona Divisió 2007.

The team plays in the Primera Divisió after winning the Segona Divisió in the 2007–08 season. The club made its first matches in European competition in the UEFA Europa League after finishing second in the league in the 2009–10 season.

In 2013 the team won his first trophy in the Copa Constitució. 2016 they won the cup versus UE Engordany. One year later they won the cup versus their local rival FC Santa Coloma.

The club colours are yellow and black.

The club's nickname is "Esquirols" (Squirrels) due to the number of the animals that live around the town of Santa Coloma.
The local rival of UE Santa Coloma is FC Santa Coloma.


"As of 9 January 2022"


Ich weiß, daß mein Erlöser lebt, TWV 1:877

"Ich weiß, daß mein Erlöser lebt", TWV 1:877, BWV 160 is a cantata by Georg Philipp Telemann. The title means "I know that my Redeemer lives" in English. It was previously thought to have been composed by Johann Sebastian Bach.

There are two known manuscripts of the cantata. Manuscript A writes Bach's name as the composer. It was once owned by Wilhelm Rust. It is now lost. Manuscript B writes Telemann's name as the composer. It is kept in the library of the Royal Conservatory of Brussels.

The cantata is written for a soprano or tenor soloist, a solo violin, and basso continuo. In manuscript A, there is a bassoon part. It plays in unison with the basso continuo. The cantata has five movements:

Conspiracy of Hearts

Conspiracy of Hearts is a 1960 British World War II movie directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Lilli Palmer, Sylvia Syms, Yvonne Mitchell, Ronald Lewis, Albert Lieven, Peter Arne, Nora Swinburne, David Kossoff. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


‏‎
Mano Brown

Pedro Paulo Soares Pereira (Born in April 22, 1970), better known by his stage name Mano Brown, is a Brazilian singer and songwriter. He is the founder of the musical group Racionais MC's, the group was formed in 1988, and integrated by Ice Blue (Paulo Eduardo Salvador), Edi Rock (Edivaldo Pereira Alves) and KL Jay (Kleber Geraldo Lelis Simões).

Enforcement Directorate

The Directorate of Enforcement (ED) is a law enforcement agency and economic intelligence agency in India. It is responsible for carring out economic laws and fighting economic crime in India. It is part of the Department of Revenue, Ministry of Finance, Government Of India. ED is consisting of officers from the Indian Revenue Service, Indian Police Service and the Indian Administrative Service as well as promoted officers from its own cadre. 

The origin of this Directorate goes back to 1 May 1956, when an ‘Enforcement Unit’ was formed, in Department of Economic Affairs. It was created for handling Exchange Control Laws violations under Foreign Exchange Regulation Act, 1947. In the year 1957, this unit was renamed as ‘Enforcement Directorate’. 

The main objective of the Enforcement Directorate is the enforcement of three key acts of the Government of India namely, the Foreign Exchange Management Act 1999 (FEMA), the Prevention of Money Laundering Act 2002 (PMLA) and The Fugitive Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (FEOA).

The ED's (Enforcement Directorate) official website enlists its other objectives which are primarily linked to checking money laundering in India.

In July 2022, according to data shared by the Union government in Parliament, only 23 people have been convicted in 5,422 cases registered under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) in the 17 years after the law was passed. Because of such, conviction rate of less than 0.5%. The cases by ED have gone up six times in Modi's second term. It led to accusations by opposition parties. They stated that ED is being misused by the BJP for their political ends.

Absolutely Live (The Doors album)

Absolutely Live is the first live studio album by American hard rock band The Doors. It was released on 20 July, 1970 through Elektra Records and is a double album featuring songs recorded in 1969 and 1970.

Songwriters and LP side total lengths are taken from the original 1970 Elektra Records album (individual song timings are not listed) and may differ from other sources.

Police ranks and insignia of India

Gazetted officers include all the Indian Police Service officers. They are Class I officers of the cadre and all State Police Services officers of and above the rank of Deputy Superintendent of Police. All are arranged in a hierarchical order.

The ranks, posts and designations of all police officers vary from state to state as law and order is a state matter. But, generally the following pattern is observed:

Flag of Ohio

The state flag of Ohio was adopted in 1902.

Flag of New Jersey

The state flag of New Jersey was adopted in 1896.

Flag of Montana

The state flag of Montana was adopted in 1981.

Flag of Massachusetts

The state flag of Massachusetts was adopted in 1907.

Australian Aboriginal Flag

The Australian Aboriginal Flag represents Aboriginal Australians. The flag was designed in 1971 by Harold Thomas, an Aboriginal artist who is descended from the Luritja people of Central Australia. The black represents the aboriginal people, the red symbolises the earth and the colour of ochre used in ceremonies and the yellow circle in the middle represents the sun

Christiana Mariana von Ziegler

Christiana Mariana von Ziegler (née Romanus; 28 June 1695 – 1 May 1760) was a German poet and writer.

Romanus was born in Leipzig. Her father, Franz Konrad Romanus, was the mayor of Leipzig. She married Heinrich Levin von Könitz in 1711. They had a daughter in 1712. Her husband died a few years later. She remarried to Captain Georg Friedrich von Ziegler in 1715. They had a daughter. They moved to Sweden during the Great Northern War. Her husband and two daughters died in the late 1710s. She returned to Leipzig in 1722. She started writing poems. Johann Christoph Gottsched encouraged her to write poems. She wrote libretti for cantatas by Johann Sebastian Bach. She got a diploma from the University of Wittemberg as the Imperial Poet laureate on 17 October 1733. She married Wolf Balthasar Adolf von Steinwehr in 1741. After this marriage, she stopped publishing poems. She died in Frankfurt an der Oder.

Warlock (1959 movie)

Warlock is a 1959 American western movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and was based on the 1958 novel of the same name. It stars Henry Fonda, Richard Widmark, Anthony Quinn, DeForest Kelley, Wallace Ford, Tom Drake, Richard Arlen, Whit Bissell and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


‎
The Woman in Red (1984 movie)

The Woman in Red is a 1984 American romantic comedy movie directed by Gene Wilder (who also stars) and is a remake of the 1976 French movie "Pardon Mon Affaire". It also stars Kelly LeBrock, Charles Grodin, Gilda Radner, Joseph Bologna, Judith Ivey and was distributed by Orion Pictures. It won an Academy Award in 1985.


1911 England–Holland women's fencing competitions

The 1911 England–Holland women's fencing competitions were international fencing competition of British fencers against fencers of "Salle De Vos", The Hage the Netherlands who visited London from 16-20 March 1911. The main reason for their visit was competition on 17 March organized as a celebration that fencing master D. Dreese who had been associated with Bertrands Fencing Academy for 20 years. During these four days, the competitions took place at the Bertrands Fencing Academy located at the "Warwick Street" in London, the United Kingdom.

D. Dreese was a Dutch fencing master from Amsterdam, the Netherlands. He was a successful fencer winning many prizes and also a successful trainer. By invitation of French fencer Bertrand Marie de Lesseps, who was settled in London , Dreese became a fencing master at the Bertrand’s Fencing Academy in 1881. He became very successful in London and decided later to emigrate to the United Kingdom.

In 1910 there was an international meeting between England and Belgium were the English team was beaten by the Belgian team.

The Dutch team came to England by boat. The sea was turbulent during the boat trip. According to the newspaper "De nieuwe courant" everybody of the Dutch team became very seasick.

On 16 March a fencing competition took place between the five Dutch fencers of Salle De Vos against five British fencers of the Bertrands Fencing Academy. The British team included the 1908-1909 British champion Millicent Hall and the 1910 British champion Julia Johnstone.

The jury consisted of members from as much as possible different fencing clubs, which was praised in the Dutch media. The jury members were: E. Martin Eduard was president (Bertrands Fencing Academy), miss. Cater (Oxford Fencing Club), Mrs. Eduards ("salle Margri"), miss. French (Oxford Fencing Club), miss. G. Daniels (Alexander House Gym.) and miss. A. B. Wakker (Kessards F. Club).

The Dutch team lost the competition with 17 against 8 points. Millicent Hall and Julia Johnstone were mentioned to be many times better than the other British fencers. Miss D. Cheetham was small but very fast. C. van Doorn was the best Dutch fencer, winning four of her five matches, including beating Millicent Hall. Of the other Dutch fencers the attitude was admired of E. van den Bergh and the calm of fencers Luden and Julia Beelaerts van Blokland. H. van den Bergh underperformed, because she had not yet recovered from her seasickness.

In the evening of 17 March 1911 was the celebration of fencing master D. Dreese who had been associated with Bertrands Fencing Academy for 20 years. Baron Gericke van Herwijnen had accepted the presidency on this matter. The competitions were led by N. Butterworth. Some important attendees this evening were jonkheer Quarles van Ufford, baron Leopold and dr. Rothschild A main part of this celebration was the women's competitions of fencers from the Bertrands Fencing Academy against women's fencers of Salle De Vos.

The academy was partly decorated with Dutch flags. The competitions were preceded by an orchestra playing the Dutch national anthem (Wilhelmus) and the English national anthem (God save the Queen).
The five women's fencers of Salle De Vos competed against five known British fencers. The Dutch ladies wore the flag of the Netherlands and orange on their arm.

The Dutch ladies won multiple matches. Newspaper "Algemeen Handelsblad" writes about the matches: "The Dutch ladies... ...showed themselves completely equal to the English fencers and received well-deserved applause from the large numbers of ladies and gentlemen".

Next to the women's competition there were matches of main fencers of the Bertrands Fencing Academy.

In the days after the competitions there were some small events as part of the visit of the Dutch team. On 18 March there was a friendly gathering of all fencers of Bertrands Fencing Academy with the Dutch team. On 20 March the Women's Fencing Club gave an assaut, in honor of the visit of the Dutch team. As seen as an exceptional, mr. de Vos was a the only man allowed to visit the women's club.

Bicolored frog

The bicolored frog or Malabar frog ("Clinotarsus curtipes") is a species of frog that only lives in the Western Ghats of India. The tadpoles of the species are black and make schools that are very close together in slow-moving streams in forested areas.

What Will People Say?

What Will People Say? is a 1916 American silent drama movie directed by Alice Guy-Blaché and was based on the novel by Rupert Hughes. It stars Olga Petrova, Fritz De Lint, Fraunie Fraunholz, Zadee Burbank.

Arne Legernes

Arne Legernes (18 May 1931 – 14 August 2022) was a Norwegian footballer. He played for the Norway national football team 41 times from 1955 to 1961.

Molde

Molde () is a city and municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. The city is nicknamed "The City of Roses".


Hadrawi

Mohamed Ibrahim Warsame (1943 – 18 August 2022), known by the pseudonym Hadrawi, was a Somali poet, philosopher and songwriter. He was thought by many to be the greatest living Somali poet. His works have been compared to that of Shakespeare. His poetry has been translated into many languages. Hadrawi was born in Burco, British Somalia. He was honored with the Prince Claus Award in 2012.

Hadrawi died on 18 August 2022 in Hargeisa, Somaliland at the age of 79.

Milt Ramírez

Milton Ramírez Barboza (April 2, 1950 – August 18, 2022) was a Puerto Rican Major League Baseball infielder. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals from 1970 to 1971 and the Oakland Athletics in 1979. Ramírez was born in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico.

Ramírez died on August 18, 2022 in Mayagüez at the age of 72.

National Investigation Agency

The National Investigation Agency (known by its acronym NIA) is the main counter-terrorist task force of India. The agency is empowered to deal with the investigation of terror related crimes across states. They deal those case without special permission from the states under written proclamation from the Home ministry of India.

The Agency came into existence with the enactment of the National Investigation Agency Act 2008 by the Parliament of India on 31 December 2008. It was passed after the deadly 26/11 terror attack in Mumbai. Such an attack revealed the failure of intelligence and ability to track such activities by existing agencies in India. Hence the government of India understands the need of a specific body to deal with terror related activities in India, thereby establishing the NIA.

It's headquarters is in New Delhi. The NIA also has branches in Hyderabad, Guwahati, Kochi, Lucknow, Mumbai, Kolkata, Raipur, Jammu, Chandigarh, Ranchi, Chennai and Imphal.

A bill for the formation of the National Investigation Agency was passed by Parliament in December 2008. As per the bill, NIA has existing jurisdiction. It empowers the Central Agency to probe terror attacks in any part of the country. It covers offences, including challenge to the country's sovereignty and integrity, bomb blasts, hijacking of aircraft and ships, attacks on nuclear installations.

The National Investigative Agency Bill and Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Amendment Bill on Tuesday, 30 December 2008, became a law as President Pratibha Patil gave her assent to the legislation which was passed in the last session of the parliament.

The NIA (Amendment) Bill 2019 was passed by the parliament on 17 July 2019. The Bill aims to give more teeth to the investigating powers of the NIA. It empowers the NIA to probe terror attacks targeting Indians and Indian interests abroad. The aims of the bill is to primarily empower the anti-terror agency to investigate offences such as human trafficking; circulation of fake currency; manufacture and sale of prohibited arms; and cyber-terrorism.

Various Special Courts have been notified by the Central Government of India for trial of the cases registered at various police stations of NIA under Section 11 and 22 of the NIA Act 2008. Any question as to the jurisdiction of these courts is decided by the Central Government. These are presided over by a judge. The judge is appointed by the Central Government on the recommendation of the Chief Justice of the High Court with jurisdiction in that region.

At present there are 38 Special NIA Courts. State Governments have also been empowered to appoint one or more such special courts in their states.



Joan Smalls

Joan Smalls Rodriguez (born July 11, 1988) is a Puerto Rican model and actress. In 2011, she became the first Latina model to represent Estée Lauder cosmetics.

María Elena Holly

María Elena Holly (née Santiago; born December 20, 1932) is a Puerto Rican businesswoman. She is the widow of American rock and roll legend Buddy Holly. She owns the rights to his name, image, trademarks, and other property.

In 2010, Santiago-Holly co-founded the Buddy Holly Educational Foundation.

Miguel Romero

Miguel Alberto Romero Lugo (born February 17, 1970) is a Puerto Rican lawyer and politician. He is the Mayor of San Juan since 2021. He was also Secretary of Labor and Human Resources of Puerto Rico from 2009 to 2012.

Jacobo Morales

Jacobo Morales (born 12 November 1934) is a Puerto Rican actor, poet, playwright, movie director and producer. He is a very well known director in Puerto Rico. His best known works were "Dios los cría...", "Nicolás y los demás", "Lo que le pasó a Santiago", "Linda Sara", "Dios los cría II", and "Angel".

Narcotics Control Bureau

The Narcotics Control Bureau ( NCB) is an law enforcement and intelligence agency. Its jurisdiction is under the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India. The agency is tasked with fighting drug trafficking and the use of illegal substances under the provisions of Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act.

It was established in 1986. It is responsible for coordination with the Indian state governments and other central departments, implementation of India's international obligations with regard to drug trafficking, and helping international and foreign drug law enforcement agencies.

The Narcotics Control Bureau's national headquarters is located in Delhi, the national capital. Its field units and offices are located in Mumbai, Indore, Kolkata, Delhi, Chennai, Lucknow, Jodhpur, Chandigarh, Jammu, Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Guwahati and Patna.

The Director General of NCB is mostly an officer from the Indian Police Service (IPS) or the Indian Revenue Service (IRS). Apart from the direct feeder grade, officers in this organisation are also drawn from Indian Revenue Service, Indian Police Service and other Paramilitary forces.

NCB is affiliated to Home Ministry. It was made responsible for administering The Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985. The NCB is outside the ambit of the Right to information Act under Section 24(1) of the RTI act 2005.

The main purpose of the Narcotics Control Bureau is to fight drug trafficking on an all-India level. It works in close cooperation with the Customs and Central Excise/GST, State Police Department, Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Central Economic Intelligence Bureau (CEIB) and other Indian intelligence and law enforcement agencies both at the national and states level. The NCB also provides resources and training to people who work for India's Drug Law Enforcement Agencies in fighting drug trafficking. The NCB also watches India's borders to find places where smuggling activities take place with foreign traffickers.


Indian Police Service

The Indian Police Service ( IPS) is a central civil service under the All India Services. It replaced the Indian Imperial Police in 1948, a year after India became independent from the British rule.

The IPS is one of the All India Services along with the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) and the Indian Forest Service (IFS) Its officers are employed by both the Union Government and the individual states.

The service commands and provides leadership to State police forces and Union territories' police forces. They are also employed in Central Armed Police Forces (BSF, SSB, CRPF, CISF, and ITBP), the National Security Guards (NSG), National Disaster Response Force (NDRF), Intelligence Bureau (IB), Research and Analysis Wing (R&AW), Special Protection Group (SPG), National Investigative Agency (NIA) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).



Press Information Bureau

The Press Information Bureau, commonly abbreviated as PIB, is a nodal agency of the Government of India. Its parent agency is under Ministry of Information and Broadcasting. Their headquaters is in National Media Centre, New Delhi. Press Information Bureau distribute information to print, electronic and web media on government plans, policies, programme initiatives and achievements.

The head of PIB is also the Official Spokesperson of the Government of India and holds the rank of Principal Director General (or Special Secretary).

The Press Information Bureau was established in June 1919, Simla, as a small cell of the Home Ministry under the British government. Its main task was to prepare a report on India to be placed before the British Parliament. 

The first head of the publicity cell was Dr. L.F. Rushbrook Williams of Allahabad University who was designated as Officer on Special Duty. Prof. Williams had earlier worked with Sir Stanley Reed on the Central Publicity Board.

In 1941, J. Natrajan became the first Indian to be head the Bureau as Principal Information Officer. The organisation's name was changed to the Press Information Bureau in 1946.

The Bureau has been reconstituted many times since the independence of India in 1947.


Clarence Larkin

Clarence Larkin (born 28 October 1850 ) at Chester Pennsylvania U.s , and died (on 24 January 1924) was an American Baptist pastor and Bible teacher and the author whose writings on Dispensational truth had a great impact on Conservative Protestant Reformation visual Culture in the 20 Century. 

Lowell Thomas Jr.

Lowell Thomas Jr. (October 6, 1923 – October 1, 2016) was an American politician and film producer who collaborated with his father, the accomplished reporter and author Lowell Thomas, on several projects before becoming an Alaskan state senator in the early 1970s, and later the third lieutenant governor of Alaska (1974–1978).

In the 1980s, he owned and operated Talkeetna Air Taxi, an Alaska bush flying service.

Kigeli V of Rwanda

Kigeli V Ndahindurwa (born Jean-Baptiste Ndahindurwa; 29 June 1936 – 16 October 2016) was the last ruling King (Mwami) of Rwanda, from 28 July 1959 until the end of the UN-mandate with Belgian administration and the declaration of an independent Republic of Rwanda 1 July 1962.

On 25 September 1961, a referendum voted for the abolition of the Rwandan monarchy following the Rwandan revolution.

Sofie Dokter

Sofie Dokter (born 19 December 2002) is a Dutch track and field athlete who is specialized in the heptathlon. Dokter is from Groningen. Dokter represents Netherlands at international competitions. She won the silver medal in the heptathlon at the 2021 European Athletics U20 Championships. As of 2022 she became three times national champion. 

After becoming 2022 Dutch national champion, she was selected to represent the Netherlands at the 2022 European Athletics Championships where she competed in the heptathlon event. Of the three Dutch women who started, she was the only woman who finished the heptathlon event. 

Her sister Julia Dokter is also a track and field athlete. 

Ella Rumpf

Ella Rumpf (born 4 February 1995) is a French-born Swiss actress. She is best known for her role as Alexia in the 2016 horror drama movie "Raw", Tiger in "Tiger Girl" (2017) and Hanna in "The Divine Order" (2017).

Bo Ummels

Bo Ummels (born 24 August 1993) is a Dutch long distance runner. She is a national champion in many fields, including 5000 metres, half-marathon, marathon and cross. Ummels represents Netherlands at international competitions. 

She competed at the 2022 European Athletics Championships in the marathon event. 

Ron Brown

Ronald Harmon Brown (August 1, 1941 – April 3, 1996) was an American politician. He was the United States Secretary of Commerce during the first term of President Bill Clinton from 1993 until his death in 1996. Before, he was chairman of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) from 1989 to 1993. He was the first African American to be both Secretary of Commerce and DNC Chair. 

Brown was killed in a plane crash on April 3, 1996 near Dubrovnik, Croatia at the age of 54. At the time of his death, he was being investigated for corruption.

Donald Evans

Donald Louis Evans (born July 27, 1946) is an American businessman and politician. He was the 34th U.S. Secretary of Commerce from 2001 to 2005 during the George W. Bush administration. He was a longtime friend of Bush and helped run his 2000 presidential campaign.

Ruth van der Meijden

Ruth van der Meijden (born 15 August 1984) is a Dutch long distance runner. van der Meijden represents Netherlands at international competitions. 

Van der Meijden tried to run the qualifying time for the 2020 Summer Olympics at an abandoned airport. She was not able to do so. She competed at the 2022 European Athletics Championships in the marathon event. 

Robert Mosbacher

Robert Adam Mosbacher Sr. (March 11, 1927 – January 24, 2010) was an American businessman, yacht racer, and a Republican politician. Mosbacher was the United States Secretary of Commerce from 1989 to 1992 during the George H. W. Bush administration.

Mosbacher died of pancreatic cancer at a hospital in Houston, Texas on January 24, 2010 at the age of 82.

Philip Klutznick

Philip Morris Klutznick (July 9, 1907 – August 14, 1999) was an American politician. He was the United States Secretary of Commerce from January 9, 1980 to January 19, 1981 under President Jimmy Carter.

Klutznick died on August 14, 1999 in Chicago, Illinois from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease at the age of 92.

Alida van Daalen

Alida van Daalen (born 15 August 1984) is a Dutch track and field athlete who is specialized in the discus throw and shot put. Van Daalen represents Netherlands at international competitions. 

Van Daalen competed as a junior at the 2018 Youth Olympics. At the 2021 European Athletics U20 Championships she won the silver medal in the shot put and discus throw. She competed at the 2022 European Athletics Championships in the discus throw event, but was not able to reach the final. 

Her mother is discus thrower Jacqueline Goormachtigh.

Juanita M. Kreps

Clara Juanita Morris Kreps (January 11, 1921July 5, 2010) was an American economist, educator and businesswoman. She was the 24th United States Secretary of Commerce under President Jimmy Carter from 1977 to 1979. She was a Democrat and was the first female U.S. Secretary of Commerce.

Kreps died on July 5, 2010 in Durham, North Carolina from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease at the age of 89.

Ted V. Mikels

Ted V. Mikels (born Theodore Vincent Mikacevich; April 29, 1929 – October 16, 2016) was an American independent filmmaker primarily of the horror cult film genre.

Movies that he both produced and directed include "Girl in Gold Boots" (1968), "The Astro-Zombies" (1968), and "The Doll Squad" (1973).

Lyudmila Ivanova

Lyudmila Ivanovna Ivanova (Russian: Людмила Ивановна Иванова; 22 June 1933 – 7 October 2016) was a Soviet and Russian film and stage actress, People's Artist of the RSFSR (1989).

She was awarded the Order of Honour and the Order of Friendship.

She composed many songs for the guitar.

Pierre Tchernia

Pierre Tcherniakowski (29 January 1928 – 8 October 2016), better known as Pierre Tchernia, was a French cinema and television producer, screenwriter, presenter, animator and actor.

In France he was known as ""Magic"" "Tchernia" and "Monsieur Cinema".

Sven Roosen

Sven Roosen (born 27 July 2001) is a Dutch track and field athlete who is specialized in the decathlon. Roosen represents the Netherlands at international competitions. 

At the 2021 European Athletics U23 Championships he won the silver medal in the decathlon. Roosen became national champion in 2022. He competed at the 2022 European Athletics Championships in the decathlon event. 

Dries Van Nieuwenhove

Dries Van Nieuwenhove (born 9 April 1998) is a Belgian track and field athlete who is specialized in the 400 metres hurdles. Van Nieuwenhove represents Belgium at international competitions. 

After winning the bronze medal at the 2020 national championships and silver at the 2021 national championships, he became Belgian national champion in 2022. He competed at the 2022 European Athletics Championships in the 400 metres hurdles event. 

Djoao Lobles

Djoao Lobles (born 14 January 2001) is a Dutch track and field athlete who is specalized in the 800 metres. Lobles represents Netherlands at international competitions. He became national champion at the 2020 Dutch Athletics Championships and 2020 Dutch Indoor Athletics Championships. He repeated both and is as of 2022 two times national indoor champion and two times national outdoor champion.

He competed at the 2022 European Athletics Championships in the 800 metres event. 

Xavier González

Xavier González Unciti (Pamplona, 10 December 2004) is a handball player playing for Balonmano Anaitasuna and international with Spanish Handball Federation.

Xavier was born in 2004.

Indian Foreign Service

The Indian Foreign Service (IFS) is the diplomatic and civil service. It is under the jurisdiction Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India. The Foreign Secretary is the head of the service.

The service, consisting of civil servants is entrusted with handling the foreign relations of India. It provides consular services and to mark India's presence in international organizations. It is the body of career diplomats serving in more than 180 Indian diplomatic missions and international organizations around the world. 

In addition, they serve at the President's Secretariat, the Prime Minister's Office and at the headquarters of MEA in New Delhi. They also head Regional Passport Offices throughout the country and hold positions in several ministries on deputation.

Post-retirement, Indian Foreign Service officers have held high offices including that of President, Vice President, Governors of States, Speaker of Lok Sabha and Cabinet ministers.


Indian Forest Service

The Indian Forest Service (IFS) is one of the three All India Services of the Government of India. The other two All India Services being the Indian Administrative Service and the Indian Police Service. It was constituted in the year 1966 under the All India Services Act, 1951.

The service implements the National Forest Policy in order to ensure the ecological stability of the country through the protection and participatory sustainable management of natural resources. Positions in state forest department, such as District/Divisional Forest Officer (DFO), Conservator of Forests, Chief Conservator of Forests and Principal Chief Conservator of Forests etc., are held, at times, by Indian Forest Service officers. The highest-ranking Forest Service official in each state is the Head of Forest Forces. 

Earlier, the British Government in India had constituted the Imperial Forest Service in 1867 which functioned under the Federal Government until the Government of India Act 1935 was passed and responsibility was transferred to the provinces. The Imperial Forestry Service was organised subordinate to the Imperial Forest Department in 1867.

The modern Indian Forest Service was established in 1966, after independence, under the All India Services Act 1951. The first Inspector General of Forests, Hari Singh, was instrumental in the development of the Forest Service.

India has an area of 635,400 km designated as forests, about 19.32% of the country. India's forest policy was created in 1894 and revised in 1952 and again in the year 1988.

Officers are recruited through an open competitive examination conducted by the UPSC.

They are eligible for State and Central deputations as their counterpart IAS and IPS officers. Deputation of Forest Service officers to the Central Government includes appointments in Central Ministries at the position of Deputy Secretary, Director, Joint Secretary and Additional Secretary etc.


Neutral Nation

The Neutral Confederacy (also Neutral Nation, Neutral people, or Attawandaron by neighbouring tribes) were a Native American people. They spoke the Neutral Huron Language. This language is part of the Iroquois language family. They lived in present-day southwestern and south-central Ontario in Canada, North America. The Neutral people were related to other Iroquois Natives. Neighbors were the Huron people, the Petun, the Wenro to the east, Erie people, the Susquehannock and the Iroquois Confederacy. The Iroquois Confederacy was east of the Neutral people. The Iroquois eventually destroyed the Neutral Confederacy.

The Neutrals called themselves Chonnonton, or 'people of the deer'. The French called these people neutral, because they were not in many wars. For instance, the Neutral people did not fight in the wars between the Iroquois and the Huron in the 17th century.

Jesuits had contact with the Neutrals and made records of the people. The Neutral allied with the Wenrohronon to defend against the Iroquois Confederacy. However, the Iroquois attacked the Neutral people around 1650. The Iroquois had also destroyed the Huron, Petun and Erie Nations. The Neutral Confederacy fell apart after the 1650s. They fled or joined other Iroquois nations. Many Natives also died from diseases.

The Neutral people lived in longhouses. They did hunting, fishing and farming. Main crops were the Three Sisters (corn, squash and beans). Meats included deer, raccoon, wolves, wild cats, squirrels, beavers and turkeys. Apples and chestnuts were also part of the diet. Feast of the Dead was an important ceremony. In this feast, they placed the bones of the dead in a common grave.

Tsouharissen or Souharissen ("Child of the Sun") was chief of several villages of the Neutral people.

The Neutrals used stones to make spearheads and arrowheads. They traded maize, tobacco, and black squirrel and furs for steel axes, glass beads, cloaks, conch shells, gourd containers, and firearms.

There has been much archaeological research since the 19th century. Several sites of the Neutral people have been explored. These include various sites in Ontario. An example is the Southwold Earthworks.


Phyllodytes

Phyllodytes is a genus of frogs. They are called heart-tongued frogs in English. These frogs live in eastern Brazil.

In 2009, scientists DNA from all the frogs in this group. They decided to split "Phyllodytes" into "Phyllodytes" and another group, "Phytotriades". This article shows the frog species that are still in "Phyllodytes". Some scientists think that some of these frogs should be in other groups instead.

 These are small frogs. They live in trees. These frogs lay eggs in water in the leaves of bromeliad plants. These plants are epiphytes: they grow on trees instead of putting their roots in the ground. For example, a bromeliad might grow on a branch high in the forest canopy. Water falls into the bromeliad leaves and forms a little pool near the plant's axil. Many female frogs lay their eggs on the leaves so that the tadpoles fall into the water when they hatch. The tadpoles swim and grow inside the bromeliad plant without ever going to a river, stream, pond, or the ground.
The frogs have large fangs called odontoids. Male "Phyllodytes" do vocalize, in contrast to "Phytotriades".

This genus has 14 species in it:

AmphibiaWeb says "Phytotriades auratus" is in this genus, but other scientific works do not.


Gian Carlo Malchiodi

Gian Carlo Malchiodi (1917 – 2015) was an Italian architect and designer. From 1943 Malchiodi was professor at the University Politecnico of Architecture of Milan.

Gian Carlo Malchiodi was born on 1917 in Piacenza, in Lombardy in northern Italy. Malchiodi graduated from the Milan Polytechnic in Architecture in 1943,in Rome and enrolled in the Order of Architects of Milan in 1944.
Malchiodi becoming after a period as an assistant, professor of Architecture at the Polytechnic as early as 1943, and remaining there for over forty years. After an apprenticeship in Gio Ponti's studio, Malchiodi worked for a long time with Ugo Zanchetta for whom he designed and built important buildings.

In 1957 in via Anelli 9 he opened his own studio in Milan dedicating himself to all fields of architecture: residential, subsidized, scholastic, health, industrial and commercial, urban planning and furniture design.

Malchiodi will establish a strong research relationship with Galmanini starting to collaborate with Gio Ponti. Conceptually his works will be influenced by Lucio Fontana and Gualtiero Galmanini.

Malchiodi participates in various exhibitions including the 10th Milan Triennale in 1954, the 11th Milan Triennale in 1957 and the 12th Milan Triennale in 1960.

He will open his studio in Via Anelli 9 in Milan, to admire his masterpieces in the area in 1957 every day.

Prof. Malchiodi died on 21 September 2015 in Milan.

Among his best known works are the buildings in Milan in the Quadronno district, such as Via Luigi Anelli 7, Viale Angelo Filippetti 3, Piazza Velasca 8-10, Via Pantano 2-4, Via Luigi Anelli 9 adjacent to the Palazzo di Viale Beatrice d'Este 23 of the archistar Gualtiero Galmanini, Via Luigi Anelli 13, Corso di Porta Vigentina 33–35 and Via Cassolo 6.




Überlingen

Überlingen is an German city on the northern shore of Lake Constance ("Bodensee") in Baden-Württemberg, near the border with Switzerland. After the city of Friedrichshafen, it is the second largest city in the Bodenseekreis (district), and a central point for the outlying communities. Since 1 January 1993, Überlingen has been a large district city ("Große Kreisstadt").

The Alemannic Überlingen was first mentioned in 770 as "Iburinga". It was granted city rights in 1211.

In July 2002, a Tupolev Tu-154 crashed with a Boeing 757 nearby. 71 people were killed.

Ponta Delgada

Ponta Delgada is the capital of the autonomous region of the Azores in Portugal. It is on São Miguel Island, the largest and most populous in the archipelago. As of 2021, 67,287 people lived here and its area is .

Giordano Forti

Gian Carlo Malchiodi was an Italian architect.

Forti was born in Milan on July 16, 1910 and graduated in architecture from the Milan Polytechnic in 1935.

He was a pupil and influenced by Piero Portaluppi and Gualtiero Galmanini and criticized by Gio Ponti for this link. Portaluppi's relationship with Ponti often proves to be conflicting even if a deep mutual esteem never fails between the two architects. 

Giordano Forti collaborated on several projects with Piero Portaluppi, Gualtiero Galmanini and Gio Ponti with whom he will realize the extension of the Politecnico di Milano, architecture school, with the "Leonardo" Campus in 1956.

The best known masterpiece of the Palazzo Forti in Viale Beatrice d'Este 16 in Milan, in the Quadronno district, designed in 1957 with Camillo Magni.

Carlo Perogalli and Attilio Mariani built the adjacent two buildings in Viale Beatrice d'Este 24 (The Abstract House) and Viale Beatrice d'Este 26 designed in 1952.




You Better Wait

"You Better Wait" is a 1994 song by Steve Perry and is the leading single from his album For the Love of Strange Medicine. It went to number 1 in Canada and number 29 in the United States.


Maxi Single

Gowanda, New York

Gowanda is a village in western New York, United States. It is partly in Erie County and partly in Cattaraugus County. 2,512 people lived there at the 2020 census. The name comes from the Seneca language. It means "almost surrounded by hills" or "a valley among the hills". The Cattaraugus Reservation is next to the village. The natives here are mainly Seneca people. 

Native Americans of the Iroquois Confederacy used to live in the larger area of western New York. The Erie tribe and the Wenrohronon lived the closest to present-day area around Gowanda. 

Luther Wright Mott

Luther Wright Mott (November 30, 1874 – July 10, 1923) was a United States Representative from New York.

Mott was born in Oswego, New York. He attended public schools in Oswego and graduated from Harvard University in 1896.

Mott started his career at the First National Bank of Oswego, which was owned by his family, and he became the bank's cashier and vice president. Mott was a founder of the Oswego Chamber of Commerce, which was started by merging two other organizations, and he was the president.

Mott was elected as a Republican in the United States House of Representatives on March 4, 1911 and he was a member until his death in 1923. Mott supported women's suffrage and prohibition.

During World War I Mott started the 9th Division of the New York Naval Militia in Oswego. He also helped start a division in Fulton.

Mott died in Oswego on July 10, 1923. He was buried at Riverside Cemetery in Oswego.




Gian Luigi Rondi

Gian Luigi Rondi (10 December 1921 – 22 September 2016) was an Italian film critic.

He was a member of the jury at the 12th and 15th Moscow International Film Festival.

He was also a member of the jury at the 11th and 32nd Berlin International Film Festival.

Prince Buster

Cecil Bustamente Campbell OD (24 May 1938 – 8 September 2016), known professionally as Prince Buster, was a Jamaican singer-songwriter and producer.

The records he released in the 1960s influenced Jamaican contemporary music, especially reggae and ska artists.

James Stacy

Maurice William Elias (December 23, 1936 – September 9, 2016), known professionally as James Stacy, was an American film and television actor.

He is perhaps best known for starring in the late 1960s TV western Lancer.

In 1973, Stacy was hit by a drunk driver while driving his motorcycle, resulting in the amputation of his left leg and arm and the death of his girlfriend.

He returned to acting in 1975 before retiring in 1992.

Fazil Iskander

Fazil Abdulovich Iskander (Russian: Фази́ль Абду́лович Исканде́р; Abkhazian: Фазиль Абдул-иҧа Искандер; 6 March 1929 – 31 July 2016) was a Soviet and Russian writer and poet in the former Soviet Union. He wrote about life in the Caucasus.

He wrote various stories, most famously "Zashita Chika", which features a crafty and likable young boy named "Chik." His most popular books are the picaresque novel "Sandro of Chegem" and its sequel "The Gospel According to Chegem".

Eva-Maria Hagen

Eva-Maria Hagen (; ; 19 October 1934 – 16 August 2022) was a German actress and singer. She was born in Költschen, Nazi Germany. Her career began in 1957. Her best known roles were in "Don't Forget My Little Traudel", "Goods for Catalonia" and "Meine Freundin Sybille".

From 1954 to 1959, she was married to Hans Oliva-Hagen. They had one daughter, singer Nina Hagen.

Hagen died on 16 August 2022 in Hamburg, Germany at the age of 87.

Nina Hagen

Catharina "Nina" Hagen (; born 11 March 1955) is a German singer-songwriter, and actress. She was part of the punk and new wave movements in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Her debut album "NunSexMonkRock", was very popular when it was released. Her two other albums, "Fearless" (1983) and "Nina Hagen in Ekstasy" (1985), were also popular. Her mother was actress and singer Eva-Maria Hagen.

Herbert Mullin

Herbert William Mullin (April 18, 1947 – August 18, 2022) was an American serial killer. He killed 13 people in California in the early 1970s. He said he killed these people to stop earthquakes from happening. 

In 1973, after a trial to see if he was insane or culpable, he was convicted of two first-degree murders and nine second-degree murders. He was sentenced to life imprisonment. He was denied parole eight times.

Mullin died on August 18, 2022 at a medical prison in Stockton, California at the age of 75.

Northwood, London

Northwood is an area in northwest London, England. It is in the London Borough of Hillingdon on the border with Hertfordshire and from Charing Cross. 

At the 2011 census, the population of Northwood was 10,949.

Tekla Juniewicz

Tekla Juniewicz (born as Tekla Dadak; 10 June 1906 – 19 August 2022) is the oldest Polish person ever titleholder. She is also the oldest validated person ever from Eastern Europe.

She become the oldest living person in Poland after the death of Jadwiga Szubartowicz on 20 July 2017. In 2019, she met Polish prime minister Mateusz Morawiecki.

On 23 February 2022, Juniewicz surpassed Dina Manfredini’s final age to become the oldest validated emigrant ever. Until her death at the age of 116 years and 70 days, she was the second oldest living person in the world behind Lucile Randon for 4 months, upon the death of Kane Tanaka.

Tekla's record of the oldest validated emigrant ever was surpassed less than a year after her death by Maria Branyas Morera.

Jim Jefferies

James or Jim Jefferies may refer to:


List of A9 roads

This is a list of roads named A9.


The God Delusion

The God Delusion is a 2006 book by Richard Dawkins.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games

The athletics competitions at the 1934 Women's World Games in London were held from 9 to 11 August 1934 at the White City Stadium. 

The track and field athletes competed in 12 events: running (60 metres, 100 metres, 200 metres, 800 metres, 4 x 100 metres relay and hurdling 80 metres), high jump, long jump, discus throw, javelin, shot put and pentathlon (100 metres, high jump, long jump, javelin and shot put).

It was the first time the Women’s World Games included the women's pentathlon. This was in stead of the triathlon event of 1930.

Fabio Biondi

Fabio Biondi (born 15 March 1961) is an Italian violinist and conductor.


Alexander Hislop

Alexander Hislop (born on 1807, Duns, died on 13 March 1863 at Arbroath) was a pastor of the Free Church of Ecosse. He criticized the Roman Catholic Church. He was an editor of the journal The Guardian. His father was Stephen Hislop (died on 1837) a mason and an Elder of the Relief church

810s

The 810s was a decade that started on 1 January 810 and ended on 31 December 819.


Gloria DeHaven

Gloria Mildred DeHaven (July 23, 1925 – July 30, 2016) was an American actress and singer who was a contract star for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM).

Ursula Franklin

Ursula Martius Franklin CC OOnt FRSC (16 September 1921 – 22 July 2016) was a German-Canadian metallurgist, research physicist, author, and educator who taught at the University of Toronto for more than 40 years.

She was the author of The Real World of Technology, which is based on her 1989 Massey Lectures; The Ursula Franklin Reader: Pacifism as a Map, a collection of her papers, interviews, and talks; and Ursula Franklin Speaks: Thoughts and Afterthoughts, containing 22 of her speeches and five interviews between 1986 and 2012.

Gotlib

Marcel Gottlieb (14 July 1934 – 4 December 2016), known professionally as Gotlib, was a French comics artist/writer and publisher.

Through his own work and the magazines he co-founded, L'Écho des savanes and Fluide Glacial, he was a key figure in the switch in French-language comics from their children's entertainment roots to an adult tone and readership.

His series include Rubrique-à-Brac, Gai-Luron, and Superdupont.

Stanley

Stanley may refer to:







Arkansas (disambiguation)

Arkansas is a southern U.S. state.

Arkansas may also refer to:



Kansas (disambiguation)

Kansas is a midwestern state in the United States. Kansas may also refer to:




Yellow heart-tongued frog

The yellow heart-tongued frog ("Phyllodytes luteolus") is a frog. It lives in the Brazil. It lives in the states Rio de Janeiro, Minas Gerais, and Bahia. People have seen it as high as 650 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in the Atlantic forest and Caaatingas. It lives on bromeliad plants. The female frog lays a few eggs at a time.

This frog is not in danger of dying out. Some frogs are in danger because human beings change its forests or come into the forest to take away the bromeliad plants. But unlike some other frogs in "Phyllodytes", this frog can live in places that human beings have changed. For example, it can live in forests that grow back after being cut down.

Discovery People

Discovery People was an American cable television network.

The channel began on CBS on March 31, 1997. It was called CBS Eye on People. It had news and human interest stories from CBS News.

Christ unser Herr zum Jordan kam, BWV 7

Christ unser Herr zum Jordan kam (Christ our Lord came to the Jordan), BWV 7 is a cantata by Johann Sebastian Bach. It was written for the Feast of St. John the Baptist. It was first performed on 24 June 1724. It is based on the hymn Christ unser Herr zum Jordan kam.

The cantata is written for SATB choir, alto, tenor, and bass soloists, two oboes d'amore, two solo violins, two violins, a viola, and basso continuo. It has seven movements.


Samaritan Medical Center

Samaritan Medical Center is a hospital in Watertown, New York.

The hospital opened in 1881. When it opened, it was called "The House of the Good Samaritan".

Meiry Lanunce

Meiry Lanunce (born 13 December 1972), is a Brazilian journalist and television presenter. She began her journalistic career at TV Globo Nordeste in 2000. She currently presents the Balanço Geral Pernambuco on TV Guararapes.


Ely S. Parker

Ely Samuel Parker (1828 – August 31, 1895), born Hasanoanda (Tonawanda Seneca), later known as Donehogawa was a Native American of the Seneca tribe. He became the first Commissioner of Indian Affairs. He was also a U.S. Army officer, engineer, and tribal diplomat. He spoke English and the Seneca language. He was friends with the anthropoloigsist Lewis Henry Morgan.

Parker was born in 1828 at Indian Falls, New York. This was a Seneca Reservation at Tonawanda. His parents were Elizabeth and William Parker. His original name was "Ha-sa-no-an-da", but his name was later changed to Ely Parker. He was educated at a Baptist Mission school.

For several years, Parker worked at a legal firm in New York.

Early on, Parker met scholars like Lewis Henry Morgan, Henry Rowe Schoolcraft, and John Wesley Powell. They were studying ethnology and anthropology. Parker eventually became friends with Lewis Henry Morgan. Morgan helped Parker to study engineering at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, New York. Parker was a civil engineer until the American Civil War. He helped update the Erie Canal.

Parker became a Seneca chief or sachem in 1852.

Parker fought and served in the American Civil War. He raised an Iroquois military unit to fight for the Union. He only became a captain of this unit in 1863. He became the assistant of Ulysses S. Grant. This was when Grant became commander of the Military Division of the Mississippi. Parker was later secretary to Ulysses S. Grant. Parker was present at the surrender of the Confederates at Appomattox. He wrote the surrender documents.

Parker was a military officer and secretary after the war. He resigned from the army in 1869.

Later President Ulysses S. Grant appointed Parker as the first Commissioner of Indian Affairs in 1871. Parker also served as interpreter and diplomat for Seneca chiefs. He helped with treaties between the Seneca and the United States.

Parker married Minnie Orton Sackett (1849–1932) in 1867. They had one daughter, Maud Theresa Parker (1878–1956).

After retiring, Parker lived the rest of his life in poverty. He died on August 31, 1895. He is buried at Forest Lawn Cemetery in Buffalo, New York.


Discovery Geschichte

Discovery Geschichte ("Discovery History") was a German television channel. It focused on history-related programs owned by Disney Platform Distribution. The channel launched on March 31, 2005 on the Premiere platform.

Dplay

Dplay (stylized as dplay) was one of the brand names of online video on demand services. It was operated by The Walt Disney Company. Discovery operated such services under the Dplay name in Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Nordic countries (Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden) and Spain.

Derbyshire Dome

The Derbyshire Dome is one of the keys to understanding the middle part of England. It is a geological formation across mid-Derbyshire in England.

The White Peak area of the Peak District is named after the limestone plateau landscape of the 'Derbyshire Dome' anticline. It was laid down in a tropical sea about 350 million years ago in the Carboniferous period. Later the limestone raised above water in a dome shape. It was eroded so that many caverns existed. This is described as a karst landscape.

The plateau is mostly between 200m and 300m above sea level. This limestone outcrop is surrounded on the west, north and east by a horseshoe-shaped formation of younger sandstones (gritstones) and shales, known as the Dark Peak (see diagram). The town of Buxton is at the western edge of the limestone region. The Triassic sandstones of the Midlands plain are the south edge of the limestone region. 

The ground is hard to move across. Evidently much of it was made of coral reefs, which are very tough and irregular. The roads of the Peak District are narrow and winding. Motorways avoid the Peak District by being to the East and West of the dome.

The other main karst landscapes of England are the Yorkshire Dales and the Mendip Hills.

210

Year 210 (CCX) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. It was then known as the Year of the Consulship of Faustinus and Rufinus (or, less often, year 963 "Ab urbe condita"). Writing 210 for this year has been used since the early medieval period. In this period the Anno Domini calendar era became the normal way in Europe for naming years. This made this year become 210.


Guido Maffezzoli

Guido Maffezzoli was an Italian architect.

born in Milan in 1921, he is an Italian architect and designer, professor at the Politecnico di Milano, he is one of the protagonists of the Italian design of the fifties, representative of Italian rationalism.

Numerous are also his works of interior design, and the creation of furniture, lamps and design furniture objects in the fifties.

Among his best-known works, the 1967-1968 design for Piazza Fontana in Milan, the Church of the Sacred Heart in Milan and the masterpiece of Palazzo Maffezzoli, in Via Anelli 15 in the Quadronno district in Milan, designed in 1955 with Gianfranco Pellegrini, adjacent to Palazzo Galmanini Portaluppi, a masterpiece by Gualtiero Galmanini and Piero Portaluppi.


"Maffezzoli's forms retain an immense human charm."



Camillo Magni

Camillo Magni was an Italian architect. Camillo Magni is an archistar among the protagonists of the birth of Italian design active in the fifties. Camillo Magni es una archistar entre los protagonistas del nacimiento del diseño italiano activo en los años cincuenta.

Camillo Magni's best known masterpiece is the building in viale Beatrice d’Este 16 built in the exclusive Quadronno district of Milan, in 1957, in collaboration with Giordano Forti. 




Attilio Mariani

Attilio Mariani was an Italian architect and designer, one of the protagonists of Italian design of the 1950s. is an archistar among the protagonists of the birth of Italian design active in the fifties.

Mariani graduated from the Politenico di Milano in 1947 and collaborated with Franco Albini.

The best known masterpiece is the Abstract House in Viale Beatrice d'Este 24 created with Carlo Perogalli, assistant to Enrico Griffini at the Milan Polytechnic, and the artist Mario Ballocco and the adjacent Palazzo in Viale Beatrice d'Este 26, in the Quadronno district of Milan, built in 1952 and inspired by the theories developed on the synthesis of the arts by (MAC-Movimento Arte Concreta). Mariani will also build the buildings in Via Carlo Crivelli 9 and Via Carlo Crivelli 15 in the Quadronno district.




Vittorio Morasso

Vittorio Morasso was an Italian architect and designer, one of the protagonists of Italian design of the 1950s.

Morasso's best-known masterpiece is the Palazzo Morasso in Via Carlo Crivelli 20 built in the exclusive Quadronno district of Milan, in 1959.



Corso di Porta Romana

The Corso di Porta Romana is a luxury street in the center Milan of the HNWI (High Net Worth Individual) upper class. Designer Miuccia Prada lives in Corso di Porta Romana in Milan.

From the square Largo della Crocetta to Piazza Missori, Corso di Porta Romana is part of the prestigious and exclusive Quadronno district.

The street is 1490 meters long. It links the Arc of Porta Romana and the square Piazza Missori.

The stylist Miuccia Prada has always lived in these street as well as numerous celebrities from the show business, fashion stylist and millionaires sports champions. Historically, the street had always been the residence of the high nobility of Milan. Since the times of ancient Rome, Corso di Porta Romana, was the road that led to Rome, and it was the Empire main street of Milano, where the most important ceremonials took place in the city. Corso di Porta Romana is the road that leads to the Fondazione Prada, which has created a new district of high luxury alternative to Via Monte Napoleone.

Streets inside this area include Largo della Crocetta, Corso di Porta Vigentina, Piazza Velasca, Via Rugabella, Via Santa Sofia, Via Francesco Sforza, Via Alfonso Lamarmora, Via Orti, Via dei Pellegrini, Via Madre Cabrini, Via Eugenio Vania and Via Angelo Filippetti. The most important street in the area is the tree-lined avenue of Viale Beatrice d'Este in the Quadronno district.

The cost for apartment need from 12,000 to 15,000 euros per square meter, even if some penthouse have been sold for 25,000 euros per metre; when renting, the cost of 80 square meters can reach 7,500 euros per month (excluding condominium costs).


Some celebrities that live here are Miuccia Prada, Marvin Hagler, Gerry Scotti, Barbara d’Urso, Eros Ramazzotti, Khaby Lame, Guido Meda, etc.



Corso Italia

The Corso Italia is a luxury street in the center Milan.

Corso Italia is a residential street in the centre of the Italian city of Milan.

From Viale Beatrice d'Este to Via Santa Sofia, Corso Italia is part of the prestigious and exclusive Quadronno district of the of the HNWI (High Net Worth Individual) upper class.

The street is 900 meters long. It links with Viale Beatrice d'Este and the square Piazza Missori.

Streets inside this area include Viale Beatrice d'Este, Via San Martino, Via Marco Burigozzo, Via S. Luca, Via Cosimo del Fante, Via Giuseppe Mercalli, Via Santa Sofia, Via Molino delle Armi, Via Crocefisso, Piazza Santa Eufemia, Via Rugabella, Piazza Bertarelli, Via Maddalena, Via Giuseppe Barellai, Via Achille Mauri and Piazza Missori.

The cost for apartment need from 12,000 to 20,000 euros per square meter, even if some penthouse have been sold for 25,000 euros per metre; when renting, the cost of 80 square meters can reach 7,500 euros per month (excluding condominium costs).



Monumento Tortura Nunca Mais

The Monumento Tortura Nunca Mais or Monument to Torture Never Again is a monument located in Praça Padre Henrique, Rua da Aurora, city of Recife, Pernambuco, Brazil. Designed by the architect from Piauí, Demetrio Albuquerque, it was the first monument built in the country in honor of the dead and disappeared Brazilian politicians.

Its construction was the result of a public tender held by the city of Recife in 1988, which not only foresaw the construction of a monument that would symbolize the conditions of torture and disrespect for the dignity of the human person to which several people were subjected during the Brazilian military regime, as well as the entire revitalization of the place.

Aurora Street (Recife)

Rua da Aurora is a street in the Brazilian city of Recife, capital of Pernambuco. It is located on the left bank of the Capibaribe River and, in its final stretch, on the right bank of the Beberibe River.

It starts at Ponte da Boa Vista and ends at Ponte de Limoeiro, where Avenida Norte begins in Santo Amaro.

It has this name because all its houses face east, the east.]

Capibaribe River

The Capibaribe River is a watercourse that bathes the Brazilian state of Pernambuco. Its course is divided into high and medium courses, located in the Polígono das Secas, where the river has a temporary regime, and the low course, where it becomes perennial, starting in the municipality of Limoeiro, in the wild of the state. Before emptying into the Atlantic Ocean, it passes through the city center of Recife.

It is he who is given voice in the poem "O Rio", by João Cabral de Melo Neto. His family lived for years near the banks of the Capibaribe, where the poet used to play.

Arthur C. Parker

Arthur Caswell Parker (April 5, 1881 – January 1, 1955) was an American scholar. His research interests included archaeology, history, folklore and museums. He was an expert on Native American  culture. His family line was both from the Seneca and Scots-English. He was director of the Rochester Museum of Arts and Sciences from 1924 to 1945. He was an honorary trustee of the New York State Historical Association. He was also first president of Society for American Archaeology.

Arthur C. Parker was born in 1881 on the Cattaraugus Reservation of the Seneca Nation of New York. His father was Frederick Ely Parker. Frederick Parker was half Seneca. Parker's mother was Geneva Hortenese Griswold. She was a Scots-English-American and taught at the reservation. 

Parker became an honorary member of the Seneca tribe in 1903. He got the name "Gawaso Wanneh" (meaning "Big Snowsnake"). Parker grew up with his grandfather Nicholson Henry Parker. Nicholson was a Seneca leader and influenced Parker. Parker learned Seneca beliefs and Christianity. Parker's great uncle was Ely S. Parker. 

Parker studied on the reservation. He graduated from high school in 1897. He became an assistant archaeologist at the American Museum of Natural History in New York from 1901 to 1902. Parker became friends with Frederic W. Putnam. His focus was anthropology. 

Parker, however, studied at Dickinson Seminary in Williamsport, Pennsylvania from 1900 to 1903. These studies were for his ministry. He did not graduate and left beforehand. He went on to become a reporter for the "New York Sun" for a couple of months. 

Parker was an apprentice in archaeology in New York under Mark Harrington. He was later an archaeologist at several museums. These museums included Peabody Museum and the New York State Museum. For a couple years, he was an ethnologist at the New York State Library. Parker later became director of the Rochester Museum of Arts and Sciences. 

Parker and Charles A. Eastman founded the Society of American Indians in 1911. They wanted to educate the public about American Indians. In a 1911 fire, Parker rescued many historical records from Native Americans.

Parker was the editor of the "American Indian Magazine" from 1915 to 1920. He won the Cornplanter Medal in 1916. This award was named after Chief Cornplanter.

He became the first President of the Society for American Archaeology in 1935. In 1944, Parker helped found the National Congress of American Indians. Parker retired from museum work in 1946. 

Arthur Parker married Beulah Tahamont (1887-1945) in 1904. They divorced in 1914. His daughter, Bertha Parker, became an archeologist and ethnologist. 

He died near Naples, New York on New Year's Day, 1955. He was 73 years old at his death. 


Taiyō

Taiyō may refer to:

Petar Stambolić

Petar Stambolić (12 July 1912 – 21 September 2007) was a Serbian communist politician who served as the President of the Federal Executive Council of Yugoslavia from 1963 to 1967 and as President of the Presidency from 1982 until 1983.

Doris Morgan

Doris Morgan (born c. 1910s) was a South African track and field athlete specialized in the sprint and middle-distance running events. She represented South Africa at international competitions.

Morgan competed in three events at the 1934 British Empire Games. In the 110–220–110 yards relay event she finished with Marjorie Clark and Barbara Clark in fourth place. Individually she finished fifth in the 880 Yard event. She also competed in the 100 yards event. Later in August 1934, she competed at the 1934 Women's World Games in London. In the 800 metres event she reached the final, where she finished fifth.

John Powell (discus thrower)

John Gates Powell (June 25, 1947 – August 18, 2022) was an American track and field athlete who focused in the discus throw. He set a world record at 69.08 meters in 1975. He won a bronze medal at the 1976 and 1984 Summer Olympics.

Powell died on August 18, 2022 at the age of 75.

Civan Canova

Ahmet Civan Canova (28 June 1955 – 20 August 2022) was a Turkish actor, playwright and theatre director. He was born in Ankara, Turkey. His career began in 1974. He was known for his role in the 2006 movie "Home Coming" as Iskenceci Komiser. He also was known for his role in the Netflix series "The Gift" as Mustafa Özgürsoy.

Canova died of lung cancer on 20 August 2022 in Istanbul, Turkey at the age of 67.

Cláudia Jimenez

Cláudia Maria Patitucci Jimenez (18 November 1958 – 20 August 2022) was a Brazilian actress, comedian and screenwriter. She was known for her roles in "Os Trapalhões", "Viva O Gordo" and "Chico Anysio Show". Her 1990 movie role in "O Corpo" was also well known. Jimenez was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

Jimenez died on 20 August 2022 in Rio de Janeiro from heart failure caused by lung cancer at the age of 63.

Bram Peper

Abraham "Bram" Peper (13 February 1940 – 20 August 2022) was a Dutch sociologist and politician. He was a member of the Labour Party (PvdA). Peper was the Mayor of Rotterdam from 1982 to 1998. He later was the Minister of the Interior and Kingdom Relations from 1998 to 2000 under to Wim Kok government. Peper was born in Haarlem, Netherlands.

Peper died on 20 August 2022 from a short-illness in Rotterdam at the age of 82.


Carolina, Puerto Rico

Carolina () is a city on the northeast coast of Puerto Rico. It is east of the capital San Juan. It is part of the San Juan-Caguas-Guaynabo Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is home to Puerto Rico's main airport, the Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport.

Serce and Rozum

Serce i Rozum (eng. Heart and Mind) – two characters that used to advertise Orange (formerly Telekomunikacja Polska) telecom company in Poland.



Serce and Rozum were created by Publicis Poland advertising agency. First commercial with them was broadcast on TV in 2010, however in 2017 Orange officially anounced that the characters will no longer appear in their adverts. They are retiring to Florida.
The campgain was a huge success. In 2013, Serce and Rozum's Facebook page reached over 2 Million fans and became Poland's most popular Facebook page. Campaign with Serce and Rozum won lots of prizes, such as Grand Prix in Effie Awards, 2011.

John Paul Getty Jr.

Sir Paul Getty (; born Eugene Paul Getty; 7 September 1932 – 17 April 2003), was known widely as John Paul Getty Jr.. 

He was a British philanthropist and book collector. He was the third of five sons born to J. Paul Getty (1892–1976), one of the richest men in the world at the time. His mother was J. Paul Getty's fourth wife, Ann Rork. The Getty family's wealth was the result of the oil business. One of his sons, Mark Getty, co-founded the visual media company Getty Images.

At birth, he was given the name Eugene Paul Getty, but in later life, he adopted other names, including Paul Getty, John Paul Getty, Jean Paul Getty Jr. and John Paul Getty II. 

In 1973, his son John Paul Getty III was held captive in Italy, as J. Paul Getty refused to pay a ransom. In 1986, he was awarded an honorary knighthood for services to causes ranging from cricket, to art and to the Conservative Party. His honorary knighthood would eventually become substantive when he became a British citizen. 

A long-time Anglophile, he became a British citizen in 1997. In 1998 he changed his name by deed poll when he renounced the first name Eugene and wished to be known as Sir Paul Getty, KBE.

Fismes

Fismes is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.

Fismes is twinned with:



Leiria

Leiria is a city and municipality in Portugal. It is the capital of the district of the same name. In 2021, 128,640 people lived there.

Phyllodytes wuchereri

The yellow heart-tongued frog ("Phyllodytes wuchereri") is a frog. It lives in the Brazil. It lives in the state of Bahia, in the Atlantic forest. People have seen this frog 400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 25.1-26.0 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 26.2-27.1 mm. The skin of the back and backs of the legs is brown. There is a white stripe from each eye down to the end of the body. There are vomerine teeth in the frog's jaw. The adult male frog has an adult nuptial pad on each front foot.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. It lives in rainforest that has never been cut down, forest that was cut down and grew back, and places where humans cut down some of the trees to make places that are shady but not too shady so they can plant cacao farms. Scientists say that as long as human beings like to plant and grow cacao, the frog will have a place to live.

The male frogs can fight each other over good places to live and find female frogs. The frogs live on bromeliad plants. The female frog lays eggs in the bromeliads and the tadpoles swim and grow in the pools water that collects near the middle of the plant. There is only one tadpole in each pool of water but sometimes more than one pool in the same plant.

Scientists think this frog might be in danger if human beings take away their bromeliad plants, but they don't think anyone is doing this as of 2023.

Poonch District, Pakistan

The Poonch District is in Azad Kashmir in the disputed Kashmir region. It is one of the 10 districts of this Pakistan-administered territory. On the north is Bagh District, in the north-east is Havaily District, in the south-east in the Poonch District of Indian-administered Kashmir, in the south by Azad Kashmir's Sudhanoti and Kotli districts, and in the west by Rawalpindi District of Pakistan's Punjab Province. The Poonch District is part of the greater Kashmir dispute between India and Pakistan. The district headquarters is the city of Rawalakot.

The district is divided into four tehsils:


Swaraj (TV series)

Swaraj is an Indian historical TV serial. It aired on DD National from 14 August 2022. With this serial, Doordarshan has once again tried to bring alive the tales of courage of more than 550 freedom fighters. It is a Government of India project and produced by Contiloe Pictures.



Movie festival

Film festivals are the network of organised exhibitions and promotions of film and related areas.

The Numtums

The Numtums is a British computer-animated children's television series. It was created by Barry Quinn for CBeebies. 
The Numtums Launce (also named Eleven) to Mrs. Newcastle (also named Thirty) were planned to be in the series, but they were never released.


"The Numtums" was animated by Beakus in series 1 and A Productions in series 2 and 3. Series 1 was aimed at toddlers, but series 2 and 3 was revamped for an older audience, introducing more complex concepts such as subtraction, shape recognition and numbers from 11 to 20 with computer animation, and using a more Australian theme. The creator Barry Quinn said in an interview that "we were looking at doing a show about numbers for the early years and an educational expert told us bright, cute characters were a good way to get kids interested." A lot of animal names were suggested but he settled on numbats who had 'num' in their name.

"The Numtums" debuted on CBeebies in the United Kingdom on 27 February 2012 on the channel's Love to Learn block. The series aired on ABC3KIDS in Australia and New Zealand.


Eileen Crockart

Eileen Crockart (born c. 1910s) was a South African track and field athlete specialized in the field events. She was also a swimmer. She represented South Africa internationally in athletics. She was one of the earliest people to raise the gender identity issue in women’s athletics.

As a swimmer, Crockart competed at the 1928 South African Swimming Championships in Johannesburg.

As a track and field athlete, Crockart competed in the field events at the 1934 Women's World Games in London. She was most successfull in the shot put event where she finished in sixth place in the final.

In the era that Crockett was active, women’s athletics was raising and had to deal to deal with gender identity problems. Many women of that era later turned out to be man. Crockart was one of the earliest people to openly raise the issue. She stated that “quite a few women athletes had strong hair like men and had to shave daily”. She added her human trust but disbelief with “we satisfied ourselves that they were female all right, but in every other respect, I would call them more man than woman”. Mr. B.C. Sims, manager of the South African team, complained about it. The German media replied to the allegation with “grotesque slander”. Canadian women laughed about it.

San Clemente Literary Prize

San Clemente Literary Prize, complete name Archbishop Xoán de San Clemente Prize, commercially known as San Clemente Rosalía-Abanca Prize , is an award with a financial endowment that is given annually in Santiago de Compostela and distinguishes works of narrative in Galician language, Spanish and other foreign literature.

The jury for this award is made up of high school students from IES Rosalía de Castro in Santiago de Compostela and four other institutes in Galicia, ramdolmly chosen. Sometimes high-schools from other parts of Spain or Portugal have also participated.

It wants to promote reading among young people. The award in 2015 was 9,000 euros for the best novel of the year in each category: Galician novel, Spanish novel, Foreign Language novel.

The first edition of the award was in 1995.

The only writers awarded more than once are Pedro Feijoo (Vigo, Galicia), Javier Cercas (Catalonia) and Colm Tóibín (Ireland).


Guangzhou International Finance Center

Guangzhou International Finance Center or Guangzhou West Tower, is a 103-story, skyscraper at Zhujiang Avenue West in the Tianhe District of Guangzhou, Guangdong. 


List of tallest buildings in Asia

The tallest building in Asia (and the tallest in the world) is Burj Khalifa. It stands which was opened on January 4, 2010, in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

List of tallest buildings in Europe

In Europe, only a few major cities, such as Frankfurt, Paris, London and Moscow had skyscrapers. But recently, construction has spread to many other cities, including Milan, Manchester, Madrid, Rotterdam, Istanbul, and Warsaw. The tallest building in Europe is the Lakhta Center, located in Saint Petersburg, Russia.

Xiamen

Xiamen ( , ; ), also known as Amoy is a sub-provincial city in southeastern Fujian, People's Republic of China. It is beside the Taiwan Strait.


Singapore, Philippines and Thailand has consulates in Xiamen.

Source
Source


Island Falls, Maine

Island Falls is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Downy woodpecker

The downy woodpecker ("Dryobates pubescens") is a species of woodpecker. It is the smallest in North America.
Seven subspecies are recognized:


Hairy woodpecker

The hairy woodpecker ("Leuconotopicus villosus") is a medium-sized woodpecker. It is found over a large area of North America. 
Seventeen subspecies are recognised:



Pileated woodpecker

The pileated woodpecker ("Dryocopus pileatus") is a large, mostly black woodpecker native to North America.




Brewer's blackbird

Brewer's blackbird ("Euphagus cyanocephalus") is a medium-sized New World blackbird. It is named after Thomas Mayo Brewer.


Sean Schemmel

Sean Schemmel is an American voice actor. He voices Goku in "Dragon Ball Z" and King Shadow Pintincia in "CyberAdult Girls".

Johann Gottfried Walther

Johann Gottfried Walther (18 September 1684 23 March 1748) was a German music theorist, organist, composer, and lexicographer. He was a cousin of Johann Sebastian Bach.

Walther was born in Erfurt. His mother was a relative of the Bach family. He started receiving private lessons when he was four years old. In 1691, he went to school in Erfurt. He started learning to play the organ with Johann Bernhard Bach and Johann Andreas Kretschmar. He was taught singing by Jakob Adlung. In 1697, he went to study at the Rathsgymnasium. In 1702, he became the organist at the Thomaskirche in Erfurt.

He studied music theory and composition by reading books and sheet music. He travelled to Frankfurt, Darmstadt, Halberstadt, and Magdeburg to study with famous musicians at the time. In 1706, he went to Nuremberg to study with Wilhelm Hieronymus Pachelbel, Johann Pachelbel's son.

In 1707, he became the organist at the church of St. Peter and Paul, Weimar. He taught music to Prince Johann Ernst and his sister Johanna Charlotte. He wrote a textbook about music composition for the prince. Johann Sebastian Bach, his cousin, became the court organist of Weimar in 1708. Walther and Bach became good friends.

He became a court musician in 1721. He started writing a dictionary of music and musicians in 1728. In 1732, it was published as ("Musical Lexicon or Musical Library") by Wolfgang Deer in Leipzig. It is the first musical dictionary in German.

He died on March 23, 1748.


Segona Divisió

The Segona Divisió (Second Division), or Lliga UNIDA for sponsorship reasons, is the second highest football league in Andorra.

Club dissolved after season, runner-up was promoted.

Club ineligible for promotion, runner-up was promoted.

Cabot, Vermont

Cabot is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Calais, Vermont

Calais is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Duxbury, Vermont

Duxbury is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

East Montpelier, Vermont

East Montpelier is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Fayston, Vermont

Fayston is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Marshfield, Vermont

Marshfield is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Moretown, Vermont

Moretown is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Plainfield, Vermont

Plainfield is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Roxbury, Vermont

Roxbury is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Waitsfield, Vermont

Waitsfield is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Warren, Vermont

Warren is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Waterbury, Vermont

Waterbury is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Woodbury, Vermont

Woodbury is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Worcester, Vermont

Worcester is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.

Athens, Vermont

Athens is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Brookline, Vermont

Brookline is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Dover, Vermont

Dover is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Its timezone is EST, and EDT in the summer.

People Will Talk (1935 movie)

People Will Talk is a 1935 American romantic comedy movie directed by Alfred Santell and starring Charlie Ruggles, Mary Boland, Leila Hyams, Dean Jagger, Cecil Cunningham, Edward Brophy. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Sally, Irene and Mary (1938 movie)

Sally, Irene and Mary is a 1938 American romantic comedy movie directed by William A. Seiter and starring Alice Faye, Fred Allen, Joan Davis, Tony Martin, Gregory Ratoff, Marjorie Weaver, Jimmy Durante, Gypsy Rose Lee, Barnett Parker, Mary Treen. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Maayke Tjin-A-Lim

Maayke Tjin-A-Lim also written as Maayke Tjin A-Lim (born 10 January 1998) is a Dutch track and field athlete who is specialized in the sprint hurdles events. She is medalist at the Dutch national indoor and outdoor championships. Tjin-A-Lim represents Netherlands at international competitions. 

In 2022 she competed at the 2022 World Athletics Indoor Championships in the 60 metres hurdles event and at the 2022 European Athletics Championships in the 100 metres hurdles event where she reached the semi-finals. 

Elvis Afrifa

Elvis Afrifa (born 30 November 1997) is a Dutch sprinter. Afrifa represents the Netherlands at international competitions. 

Before competing in athletics he played football in Amsterdam. When he was eighteen years old he became a member of athletics club AV'23 and ran in his first 100 metres race 10.8 seconds. Initially coached by Els van Noorduijn, he moved to Papendal where he trained with Rogier Ummels.

He had a hamstring tear which took time to recover.

He was part of the 4 × 100 metres relay team at the 2022 World Athletics Championships, but didn't compete. He ran at the 2022 European Athletics Championships in the 4 × 100 metres relay event finishing fourth.

As of 2022 he has one Diamond League victory.

Raphael Bouju

Raphael Bouju (born 15 May 2002) is a Dutch sprinter. Bouju represents the Netherlands at international competitions. 

He became under-18 European champion in the 100 metres at the 2018 European Athletics U18 Championships. Bouju became 2022 national champion in the 100 metres. After the national championships he competed at the 2022 World Athletics Championships in the 4 × 100 metres relay event. He competed at the 2022 European Athletics Championships in the 4 × 100 metres relay event finishing in fourth place.

Isayah Boers

Isayah Boers (born 19 June 1999) is a Dutch sprinter. Boers represents the Netherlands at international competitions. 

Boers won the bronze medal at the 2022 World Athletics Indoor Championships in the 4 × 400 metres relay event. At the 2022 European Athletics Championships he finished with the relay team fourth in the 4 × 400 metres relay event. 

The Bingo Long Traveling All-Stars &amp; Motor Kings

The Bingo Long Traveling All-Stars & Motor Kings is a 1976 American road comedy movie directed by first time director John Badham and was loosely based on the 1973 novel of the same name by William Brashler. It stars Richard Pryor, James Earl Jones, Billy Dee Williams, Stan Shaw, Tony Burton, Jophery Brown, Ted Ross and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Aerobatics

Aerobatics is the practice of flying actions. It uses aircrafts that are not for carrying passengers.

Maracas heart-tongued frog

The Maracas heart-tongued frog ("Phyllodytes tuberculosus") is a frog. It lives in the Brazil. People have seen this frog between 900 and 1350 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in grassland and forests where there is not too much rain. It sits in bromeliad plants that grow on the rocks on the ground. Its tadpoles swim in water that collects in the bromeliad plants.

Scientists are not sure exactly how much danger this frog is in of dying out. This frog lives in a large area, but it is divided up into smaller areas and because the places the frog lives are still being changed by humans.

Humans change the frog's grasslands and forests into farms, tree farms, and places for animals to eat grass. This means that there is more fire and it is more likely that the bromeliad plants will die.

This frog looks like "Phyllodytes luteolus", and people sometimes think one frog is the other.

Loran de Munck

Loran de Munck (born 9 May 1999) is a Dutch artistic gymnast from Haarlem. 

He competed at the 2021 European Artistic Gymnastics Championships. A year later De Munck won the silver medal at the 2022 European Men's Artistic Gymnastics Championships in the pommel horse event. It was named as a "historic medal" because never before had a Dutchman won a medal in this event. 

Brian Megens

Brian Megens (born 26 January 1990) is a Dutch road and track cyclist. Megens represents Netherlands at international competitions. 

Megens became in 2022 Dutch national amateur time trial champion. 

On the track he competed at the 2022 UEC European Track Championships in the individual pursuit event where he finished in fifth place. 

Daniek Hengeveld

Daniek Hengeveld (born 17 November 2002) is a Dutch professional cyclist riding with GT Krush Tunap. Hengeveld also represents Netherlands at international track cycling competitions. 

On the road she won the prologue of the Belgrade GP. Later that day in the afternoon stage she broke a vertebra after a fall.

On the track she competed at the 2022 UEC European Track Championships in the individual pursuit event where she finished in sixth place in a new Dutch national record. 

FC Baden

FC Baden is a Swiss football club from Baden, Canton Aargau. It was founded in 1897. The colours are red and white. FC Baden has 22 different teams at age levels, including five women's teams. They play in the Promotion League. This is the third level in Swiss football.

The club was founded in 1897 by English employees of the Brown Boveri & Cie AG (today Asea Brown Boveri). The club played at different levels. In 2022 the club won versus FC Paradiso and was promoted to the Promotion League. 
"As of 5 August, 2022."

FC Baden play their home games at the Esp Stadium in Fislisbach which is a few miles outside of Baden. The capacity of the stadium is 7,000, of which 1,000 is seating.


FC St. Gallen

Fussballclub St. Gallen 1879 is a Swiss professional football club from the city of St. Gallen. The team plays in the Swiss Super League. FC St. Gallen play their home games at the Kybunpark.

The club was founded on 19 April 1879. It is the oldest club still in existence in Swiss football. The team has little success in comparison to other clubs. They won the Swiss championship twice (1904 and 2000) and the Cup once (1969). Mostly they were in the middle of the table. In the 21st century St. Gallen was relegeted twice (2008 and 2011). In 2016 FC St. Gallen became a member of the exclusive Club of Pioneers as the oldest football club of Switzerland.



Rothbury

Rothbury is a town in Northumberland, England beside the . At the , it had a population of 2,107. 

Rothbury was an important town in the middle ages. In 1291, Rothbury was made a market town and became a centre for trade in cattle and wool for the surrounding villages. In the Victorian era Rothbury developed due to two reasons. The first is that is was connected to the railway. The second reason was that the lived in the town, building his country house just outside Rothbury between 1862 and 1865. The house and its gardens are now owned by the and are open to the public, attracting many visitors to the area.

Alnwick

Alnwick is a market town in Northumberland, England. It is the traditional county town of Northumberland. The population in 2011 was 8,116. The town is on the south side of the River Aln. 

The town started around AD 600. The town was important in the middle ages. The first reason is that was the home of the Percy Family, who were the . The Percys were the most powerful family in Northern England during the middle ages. The second reason was that the town was on Great North Road that went between between Edinburgh and London.

73rd New York State Legislature

The 73rd New York State Legislature, which were members of the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly, met from January 1, 1850, to April 10, 1850, in the second year of Hamilton Fish being the governor of New York. They met in Albany.




TV frame

According to an PAL standard, SDTV broadcasts in three ways.
First, at ratio of length and width 16:3 and resolution 1080x500.
Second, at ratio 4:3 and resolution 704x500 
Lastly, at ratio 4:3 and resolution 480x500.
The first one has best quality, second one is next, and the last one is the worst.
There are 50 per second.

SDTV has a similar state of resolution compared to analog TV. But SDTV is more vivid than
analog TV because it has less noise. And it has better sound. The point that SDTV uses a digital broadcasting system makes SDTV have many accompaning functions. For example, multitasking, electronic program guide, and so on. This functions are 
impossible at analog TV. Compared to AmeriTV, it has lower resolution. 

Generally, there are three types of TV. They are analog TV, SDTV and HDTV.

Kathleen Dyer-Tilley

Kathleen Tilley later Kathleen Dyer (born 8 November 1914) was a British track an field athlete specialized in the field events. Between 1933 and 1950 she became nine times national champion and represented Great Britain at international championships.

Tilley have been proven many times to be the best British shot put athlete in the 1930s and 1940s. At the national championships she became eight times national champion in the shot put (while being seven times the best British athlete). She won furthermore four silver medals and two bronze medals. 

At the 1933 WAAA Championships she won her first national championships medal. She won the bronze medal behind two Dutch women, as at the time international athlete competed at the nationals. She became national outdoor champion in 1934, 1935 and 1937. She didn’t became national champion in 1936, finishing behind the South African Bernice Steyl. Besides of that she also became national indoor champion in 1935, 1936 and 1937. In 1938 and 1939 she finished second behind Bevis Reid. After World War II, and after being married, she became national champion in 1945 and 1946. 

In 1945 she also became national champion in the discus throw event and won three silver (1937, 1938, 1939) and one bronze medal (1946).

In the long jump she won the bronze medal in 1935. 

Tilley was selected to represent the United Kingdom at the 1934 Women's World Games in the shot put event and pentathlon event.

She competed at the 1938 European Athletics Championships in Vienna finishing tenth in the discus throw event final and twelfth in the shot put event final. 

After World War II she competed in four events at the 1946 European Athletics Championships in Oslo with her best results finishing eight in the discus throw event final and tenth in the shot put event final.

List of tallest buildings in North America

Eleven buildings in North America (all in the United States) have held the title of tallest building in the world, with 9 in New York City.

Canada and Mexico also have skyscrapers, especially in Toronto, Calgary, Mexico City and Monterrey. In addition, Panama City has skyscraper building activities. They list a total of 49 buildings over 150 meters in height.
The United States is considered the birthplace of the skyscraper. They have the world's first skyscraper built in Chicago in 1885. Since then, the United States has been home to some of the world's tallest skyscrapers. The tallest are in New York City and Chicago.

List of tallest buildings in Africa

Since the 2000s, skyscrapers have been made in many African cities. These include Durban, Cape Town, Maputo, Abuja, Addis Ababa, Dar es Salaam, Alexandria, Harare, Abidjan, Luanda and Port Louis.

Bosco Verticale

The Bosco Verticale of Via Crivelli or Vertical Forest of Via Crivelli is a palace in Milano, Italy. It is a complement of residencial palace designed by Carlo Perogalli, Bruno Morassutti and Angelo Mangiarotti and located in Via Crivelli 15 and Via Quadronno 24, inside the Quadronno District.

The Bosco Verticale or Primo Bosco Verticale or Palazzo Perogalli is a building that completes the residential green complex, in Via Crivelli 15 in the Quadronno District of Milano. The Palazzo of Bosco Verticale by Peorgalli was created by the designer Carlo Perogalli in 1956 and completed with the adjacent art work by Bruno Morassutti and Angelo Mangiarotti located in Via Quadronno 24 which anticipates the concept of Stefano Boeri with the Bosco Vertical skywalker in the suburbs of Porta Nuova. The peculiarity is the presence of thousands of tree species between shrubs and trees distributed at elevations.

The entire complex overlooks Via Crivelli, Via Quadronno and Oriana Fallaci Park and constitutes the original Bosco Verticale, a 1950s masterpiece in the historic center of Milan, flanked by iconic 1950s buildings that make the entire area an outdoor museum of italian design with that show the history of the Italian 50s architecture.

The peculiarity of these buildings, both inaugurated in 1956, is the presence of more than thousand plant species distributed on their facades.




Execution of Saddam Hussein

The execution of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein took place on 30 December 2006. Hussein was sentenced to death by hanging, after being found guilty of crimes against humanity by the Iraqi Special Tribunal. These charges were mainly because of Hussein's role for the Dujail massacre—the killing of 148 Iraqi Shi'ites in the town of Dujail—in 1982.

Before being executed, Saddam began to recite the Shahada twice and shouted his hate for America. When he was at the end of his second recitation when he was about to say "Muhammad", the trapdoor opened, causing Hussein's death. 

The execution was recorded by the Iraqi government. It showed him being taken to the execution location and being put the noose around his neck. Another cellphone video caused controversy after it showed people cheering after his execution. In the video, the sound of Hussein's neck breaking can be heard.

Noose

A noose is a loop at the end of a rope in which the knot become tight under load and can be loosened without untying the knot. The noose is often used and known for executions by hanging or suicides.

Klushino

Klushino () is a village in Smolensk Oblast, Russia. It is located between Vyazma and Mozhaysk, and is not far from the city of Gzhatsk (now called Gagarin). A major battle of the Polish–Muscovite War took place in Klushino.

Yuri Gagarin, the first man in outer space, was born in Klushino in 1934. The house Gagarin was born in is no longer in Klushino. When Gagarin's family moved to Gzhatsk, his father took apart the house. His father then moved the pieces of the house, and put them back together in Gzhatsk. A replica of Gagarin's house was built in Klushino in 1971. The replica house is now a museum.

David Kay

David A. Kay (June 8, 1940 – August 13, 2022) was an American weapons expert and political commentator. He was a senior fellow at the Potomac Institute for Policy Studies. He was born in Austin, Texas.

Kay was best known for his time as United Nations Chief Weapons Inspector following the first Gulf War. He was also the leader of the Iraq Survey Group's search for weapons of mass destruction after the 2003 invasion of Iraq. He discovered that Iraq did not have any weapons of mass destruction.

Kay died on August 13, 2022 at his home in Ocean View, Delaware from cancer, aged 82.

George Kernek

George Boyd Kernek (January 12, 1940 – August 14, 2022) was an American professional baseball player. He was in 30 games in Major League Baseball as a first baseman and pinch hitter for the St. Louis Cardinals from 1965 to 1966. He was born in Holdenville, Oklahoma.

Kernek died on August 14, 2022 in Purcell, Oklahoma at the age of 82.

Tsuneko Sasamoto

Sasamoto died on 15 August 2022 in Tokyo at the age of 107.

Servette FC

Servette FC is a Swiss football club from Geneva. The club was founded in March 1890 with rugby as its first sporting activity. It is named after the Geneva district of the same name. The football section was founded on 17 January 1900. They play in the Swiss Super League.

Servette is one of Switzerland's most successful clubs. They won 17 national titles and 7 Swiss cups. For most of its history the club was in the highest league. 

After the last title 1998 Servette had financial problems. The club was relegated to the third division in 2004–05 due to a bankruptcy. Until this bankruptcy, Servette was the only Swiss club to have remained in the top league since its creation in 1890. Servette was the only club to have never been relegated for sporting reasons, until they finished in last place in the 2012–2013 season. 

After the 2005–06 season the club was promoted to the Swiss Challenge League where they stayed until 2011. Servette earned promotion to the Swiss Super League 2011. They were relegated at the end of the 2013 season and came back in 2019.

The home ground of Servette is the Stade de Genève. It was opened on 16 March 2003 after three years of construction. The opening match was played between Servette and Young Boys. The capacity is 30,084. The stadium hosted three group matches in the 2008 European Football Championship.


General

Fansites

Dummerston, Vermont

Dummerston is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Grafton, Vermont

Grafton is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Halifax, Vermont

Halifax is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Jamaica, Vermont

Jamaica is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Putney, Vermont

Putney is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Rockingham, Vermont

Rockingham is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Stratton, Vermont

Stratton is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Occupation of Japan

The was a military occupation of Japan in the years after Japan's defeat in World War II. It was led by the United States with the support of the British Commonwealth and the supervision of the Far Eastern Commission. The occupation was led by American General Douglas MacArthur, who was appointed Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers by US President Harry Truman.

Emperor Hirohito stayed on the imperial throne and was given full immunity from prosecution for war crimes after he agreed to replace the wartime cabinet with a ministry approved by the Allies.
The occupation officially ended when the San Francisco Peace Treaty was signed on September 8, 1951, and became into effect on April 28, 1952.

Townshend, Vermont

Townshend is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Vernon, Vermont

Vernon is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Motomu Kiyokawa

Kiyokawa died of pneumonia on August 17, 2022 in Tokyo, Japan at the age of 87.

Wardsboro, Vermont

Wardsboro is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Westminster (town), Vermont

Westminster is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Whitingham, Vermont

Whitingham is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Wilmington, Vermont

Wilmington is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Windham, Vermont

Windham is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States.

Andover, Vermont

Andover is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Rolf Kühn

Rolf Kühn (29 September 1929 – 18 August 2022) was a German jazz clarinetist and saxophonist. He was the older brother of the pianist Joachim Kühn. He was called the "German Benny Goodman".

Ted Kirkpatrick

Ted Kirkpatrick (May 22, 1960 – August 19, 2022) was an American musician and songwriter. He was best known for his work with the Christian thrash metal band Tourniquet. 

Kirkpatrick died from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis on August 19, 2022, at the age of 62.

Hillsdale, Michigan

Hillsdale is the county seat of Hillsdale County, Michigan, United States.

John Wockenfuss

Johnny Bilton Wockenfuss (February 27, 1949 – August 19, 2022), sometimes known by the nicknames "Fuss" and "Johnny B.", was an American professional baseball player and minor league manager. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Detroit Tigers and Philadelphia Phillies from 1974 to 1985.

Wockenfuss was diagnosed with dementia in November 2018. He died on August 19, 2022, at the age of 73.

Bad Axe, Michigan

Bad Axe is the county seat of Huron County, Michigan, United States.

Parliament of Vanuatu

The Parliament of Vanuatu () is the unicameral legislative body of the Republic of Vanuatu. It is made up of fifty-two members, directly elected by citizens for a four-year term.

Parliament elects the Prime Minister from among its members. 

Ionia, Michigan

Ionia is the county seat of Ionia County, Michigan, United States. It is the largest community in the county.

Ottawa Indians had a village here. Then some Euro-Americans moved here in 1833. Their leader was Samuel Dexter, Jr. The Ottawa moved away. The town was platted in 1841. In 1865, it was incorporated as a village. In 1873, it became a city.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 5.54 square miles (14.35 km), of which 5.41 square miles (14.01 km) is land and 0.13 square miles (0.34 km) is water. Ionia is between Michigan's capital, Lansing, and its second largest city, Grand Rapids.

Ionia's climate has warm to hot (and often humid) summers and cold (sometimes severely cold) winters. This region also has dense and heavy fog, along with spring flooding of the Grand River. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Ionia has a humid continental climate, abbreviated "Dfb" on climate maps.

The population of the city was 13,378 people in 2020.

The mayor is Daniel A. Balice. The city manager is Precia Garland. 

The city levies an income tax of 1 percent on residents and 0.5 percent on nonresidents. 

WION-AM STEREO 1430 in Ionia broadcasts music.

The Ionia "Sentinel-Standard" is both a paper and an online service. 

The city library is housed in an old mansion, the Hall-Fowler home. From 2006 through the summer of 2022, millage votes for the library were defeated.

There are five prisons and jails in Ionia. Ionia Correctional Facility and the Michigan Reformatory are major employers in Ionia. Both are located to the west of downtown along Bluewater Highway and Main Street, respectively.

Ionia has twelve parks and the Fred Thwaites Grand River Trail. The Ionia Armory Community Center hosts special events. The Ionia Theater hosts movies and live presentations. The theater is an Art Deco building constructed in 1931. It is run by by the Ionia Downtown Development Authority and the City of Ionia. 

Each Saturday from June through the first of October, an open-air market is held at the Ionia Rotary Hoppough Pavilion.


Wakefield, Michigan

Wakefield is a city in Gogebic County, Michigan, United States.

Prime Minister of Vanuatu

The prime minister of Vanuatu is the head of government of the Republic of Vanuatu.

Nikenike Vurobaravu

Nikenike Vurobaravu (born 3 December 1951) is a Ni-Vanuatu diplomat and politician. He has been the President of Vanuatu since 23 July 2022. He is a member of the Vanua'aku Pati (VP) political party.

Darya Dugina

Darya Aleksandrovna Dugina (; 15 December 1992 – 20 August 2022), also known as Daria Platonova (), was a Russian journalist and political activist. She was the daughter of Aleksandr Dugin, a far-right political philosopher. She was known for being a strong supporter of Vladimir Putin.

Dugina was also a supporter of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. She believed that the war crimes against Ukrainian civilians by the Russian army during the invasion were staged, resulting her assassination on August 20, 2022.

Dugina was assassinated on 20 August 2022, when her Toyota Land Cruiser car exploded on Mozhayskoye Shosse in the settlement of Bolshiye Vyazyomy outside Moscow around 9:45 p.m. local time. She was 29 years old.

Aleksandr Dugin

Aleksandr Gelyevich Dugin (; born 7 January 1962) is a Russian political philosopher, analyst, and strategist. He has been called a fascist for his ideology. He is also a well known supporter of Vladimir Putin, although he has no official connections to the Kremlin. He has been called "Putin's brain" or "Putin's Rasputin" by the media. He is also known for being an important person around Russian's foreign policy.

Syed Sibtey Razi

Syed Sibtey Razi (7 March 1939 – 20 August 2022) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Indian National Congress. He was the Governor of Assam for a short time in 2009 and was also the Governor of Jharkhand from 2004 to 2005. Razi was a member of the Rajya Sabha from 1980 to 1985 and again from 1988 to 1998. Razi was born in Raebareli, then-British India.

Razi died on 20 August 2022 in Lucknow, India from heart disease at the age of 83.

Raebareli

Raebareli is a city in Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. In 2011, Raebareli had a population of 191,316 people.

Leon Vitali

Leon Vitali (born Alfred Filibert Leon Vitali; 26 July 1948 – 19 August 2022) was an English actor. He was known for his roles in Stanley Kubrick's movies and was his personal assistant. His best known role was as Lord Bullingdon in "Barry Lyndon".

Vitali died on 19 August 2022 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 74. 

Tom Weiskopf

Thomas Daniel Weiskopf (November 9, 1942 – August 20, 2022) was an American professional golfer. He played on the PGA Tour and the Champions Tour. He was more active during the 1970s. He won 16 PGA Tour titles between 1968 and 1982. After his golfing career, he became a golf course architect. Weiskopf was born in Massillon, Ohio.

Weiskopf died on August 20, 2022 in Big Sky, Montana from pancreatic cancer at the age of 79.

Vincent Gil

Vincent Gil (1939 – 21 August 2022), also known as Vince Gil, was an Australian actor. He was best known for his role as Nightrider in the 1979 movie "Mad Max", and "Stone". He also had roles in the television series "Neighbours" and "Prisoner". He was born in Sydney, Australia.

Gil died on 21 August 2022 at the age of 83.

Mad Max

Mad Max is an Australian media franchise.

Mad Max may also refer to:



Anabel Gutiérrez

Anabel Gutiérrez Aicua (17 September 1931 – 21 August 2022) was a Mexican actress and comedian. She was known for her movie role in "School for Tramps" (1955) and for playing the character of Doña Espotaverderona in some sketches in "Chespirito" (1970).

Gutiérrez died on 21 August 2022 in Puebla de Zaragoza, Mexico, a few weeks before her 91st birthday.

Sela Molisa

Sela Molisa (15 December 1950 – 21 August 2022) was a Vanuatuan politician. He was a member of the Parliament of Vanuatu from 1982 to 2012. He was the minister of finance from 2008 to 2010 and Minister of Trade from 2011 to 2012. He was born in Espiritu Santo, then-New Hebrides.

Molisa died on 21 August 2022 in Port Vila, Vanuatu at the age of 71.

Alexei Panshin

Alexei Panshin (August 14, 1940 – August 21, 2022) was an American writer. He wrote the 1968 Nebula Award–winning novel "Rite of Passage" and the 1990 Hugo Award–winning study of science fiction "The World Beyond the Hill". Panshin was born in Lansing, Michigan. He was also a well known critic of science fiction novels.

Panshin died on August 21, 2022, one week after his 82nd birthday.

Jerry Allison

Jerry Ivan Allison (August 31, 1939 – August 22, 2022) was an American rock singer-songwriter and musician. He played the drums, guitar and percussion. He was best known as the drummer for The Crickets and co-writer of their hits "That'll Be the Day" and "Peggy Sue". He worked with Buddy Holly. He had one popular solo song, "Real Wild Child" in 1958 under the name Ivan. Allison was honored into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012. Allison was born in Hillsboro, Texas. His career began in 1957.

Allison died on August 22, 2022 at the age of 82.


Rahimuddin Khan

Rahimuddin Khan (21 July 1926 – 22 August 2022) was a general of the Pakistan Army and politician. He was the 4th Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee from 1984 to 1987. He also was the 7th Governor of Balochistan from 1978 to 1984. He also was the 16th Governor of Sindh in 1988. Khan was born in Qaimganj, then-British India.

Khan died on 22 August 2022 in Lahore, Pakistan at the age of 96.

Theo Sommer

Theo Sommer (10 June 1930 – 22 August 2022) was a German newspaper editor and academic. He worked for "Die Zeit", beginning in 1958, becoming an editor-in-chief and publisher.

Sommer died on 22 August 2022, at the age of 92.

Margaret Urlich

Margaret Mary Urlich (24 January 1965 – 22 August 2022) was a New Zealand singer, but her career was based in Australia. Her 1989 debut solo album, "Safety in Numbers" (1991) was very popular when it was released. Its 1992 follow-up,"Chameleon Dreams", was also a success. She sold over 400,000 albums during her career and she was one of New Zealand's most successful recording artists. 

In February 2020, Urlich was diagnosed with cancer. She died from the disease on 22 August 2022 in New South Wales, Australia at the age of 57.

Rembert Weakland

Rembert George Samuel Weakland (April 2, 1927 – August 22, 2022) was an American Benedictine monk. He was the Archbishop of Milwaukee from 1977 to 2002. He was born in Patton, Pennsylvania.

Shortly before his mandatory retirement, it was revealed that Weakland had a sexual relationship with a man that he worked with and that the diocese had paid $450,000 to the man to settle any legal issues from this. He was also controversial for destroying reports about priests being accused of child sexual abuse.

In April 2022, Weakland was reported to have been in hospice care. He died on August 22, 2022 in Greenfield, Wisconsin at the age of 95.


Patton, Pennsylvania

Patton is a borough in Cambria County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is northwest of Altoona. The population was 1,728 at the 2020 census.

Friday Night Lights (movie)

Friday Night Lights is a 2004 American sports drama movie co-written and directed by Peter Berg. The movie is about the coach and players of a high school football team in Odessa, Texas. The movie is based on the book "" (1990) by H. G. Bissinger.

The movie stars Billy Bob Thornton as Coach Gary Gaines. Tim McGraw and Amber Heard also star in this movie.

A television series of the same name came out on October 3, 2006 on NBC. It is seen as one of the best high school movies ever made.

An Almost Perfect Affair

An Almost Perfect Affair is a 1979 American romantic comedy movie directed by Michael Ritchie and starring Keith Carradine, Monica Vitti, Raf Vallone, Christian De Sica, Dick Anthony Williams, Katya Berger, Andy Ho, Susan Gilmore. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Bush Christmas

Bush Christmas is a 1983 Australian family drama movie directed by Henri Safran and is the second adaption of the novel by Ralph Smart and Mary Cathcart Borer. It stars Nicole Kidman, John Ewart, John Howard, Mark Spain.


Ruth Hubbard

Ruth Hubbard (March 3, 1924 – September 1, 2016) was a professor of biology at Harvard University, where she was the first woman to hold a tenured professorship position in biology.

Shirō Ishii

Surgeon General was a Japanese microbiologist, army medical officer, and war criminal who served as the director of Unit 731, a biological warfare unit of the Imperial Japanese Army.

Ishii led the creation and use of biological weapons at Unit 731 in Manchukuo during the Second Sino-Japanese War from 1937 to 1945, including the bubonic plague attacks at Chinese cities of Changde and Ningbo, and planned the Operation Cherry Blossoms at Night biological attack against the United States. Ishii and his coworkers also experimented with humans unethically, resulting in the deaths of over 10,000 people, most of them civilians or prisoners of war. Ishii was later granted immunity in the International Military Tribunal for the Far East by the United States government in exchange for information and research for the U.S. biological warfare program.

Wendy Hawthorne

Wendy Hawthorne (born 7 June 1960) is a Canadian women's former international footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

With the Canada women's national soccer team she is mutiple times medalist at the CONCACAF Women's Championship. Neil Turnbull wrote about Hawthrne in 1990 as having a "very professional approach to the game" and being "a very positive individual”. 

Hawthorne became four times national champion and was national championships record holder in clean sheets. She became between 1985 and 2004 eleven times champion of British Columbia.

Hawthorne was born in Vancouver where she grew up. She attended the University of British Columbia. She played football with the university and was a member of the UBC soccer camp at the age of 13. Two years later she played her first match with the "UBC Thunder Mamas".

At senior level, Hawthrne became four times Canadian national champion between 1991 and 1996 and finished six times in second place. At the end of her career she was the of the Canadian Championship record holder in clean sheets. Of the 39 matches between 1984 and 2004 she had 23 times a clean sheet. She became eleven times champion of British Columbia with four different football teams. Her first time was with Richmond Kornerkicks in 1985 and 1986; later with Surrey Marlins SC (1991, 1992, 1993) with Vancouver UBC Alumni (1996-2000) and also with Surrey United SC in 2004.

Hawthorne became a member of the Canada women's national soccer team and made her debut on 20 April 1990. With the national team she won the silver medal at the 1991 CONCACAF Women's Championship, she finishished third at the 1993 CONCACAF Women's Invitational Tournament and won another silver medal at the 1994 CONCACAF Women's Championship. She was a member of the Canadian team at the 1995 FIFA Women's World Cup.

After her career she was awarded the 1997 BC Soccer Award of Merit and 2018 Canadian Transit Leadership Award in Excellence.





Vytjie Mentor

Mabel Patronella Mentor (19 October 1963 – 23 August 2022), known as Vytjie Mentor, was a South African politician. She was a member of the National Assembly from 2002 until 2014. She represented the African National Congress.

Mentor died after a long illness on 23 August 2022 at the age of 58.

Charles W. Pickering

Charles Willis Pickering Sr. (born May 29, 1937) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit for a short time in 2004, after being nominated by President George W. Bush. Pickering was born in Laurel, Mississippi.

He also was a Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi from 1990 to 2004, after being nominated by President George H. W. Bush. Before this, he was Chair of the Mississippi Republican Party from 1976 to 1978. As a lawyer, he helped prosecute Ku Klux Klan members for the murder of Vernon Dahmer.


Ted Badcock

Frederick Theodore Badcock better known as Ted Badcock was born 9 August, 1897 in Abbottabad, Pakistan and died 19 September, 1982 in South Perth, Australia. He was a New Zealand cricketer who played seven tests for New Zealand from 1929/30 to 1932/33 and was the best-allrounder. He is first players capped in test cricket for New Zealand.


Measure for Measure (album)

"Measure for Measure" is the fourth studio album by Australian new wave band Icehouse. It was released on 21 April, 1986 through Chrysalis Records. It went to number 2 in New Zealand and number 8 in Australia. It also reached number 55 in the United States.

All songs written by Iva Davies and Robert Kretschmer, except where noted.

TommyInnit

Thomas Simons (born 9 April 2004), better known as TommyInnit ( ), is an English YouTuber and Twitch streamer.
He makes "" Minecraft"" videos and livestreams. He works with other YouTubers and streamers in a roleplay group called the Dream SMP. , his seven YouTube channels have reached over million subscribers and over billion views. His main Twitch channel has reached over 7.2 million followers. This makes him the most-followed "Minecraft" channel on Twitch, and the 14th most-followed overall.

Wilbur Soot

William Patrick Spencer Gold (born 14 September 1996), better known as Wilbur Soot, is an English Twitch streamer, YouTuber, and musician. He previously co-founded group comedy YouTube channel SootHouse, and this is where he first became known. In March 2019, he made his own channel, called Wilbur Soot. Gold is also part of indie rock band Lovejoy.

He first became known in 2017 for his work with the group comedy YouTube channel SootHouse. He was the lead editor and co-founder. In March 2019, he started his own channel called Wilbur Soot, where he uploaded gameplay videos and music. In 2020, he became involved with a roleplay group called the Dream SMP. This made him more well-known online. 
He released his first single, called "The 'Nice Guy' Ballad", in January 2018. His sixth single, "Your New Boyfriend", peaked at No. 65 on the UK Singles Chart. He has released two solo albums, and many original songs and covers of songs. He is also a member of the indie rock band Lovejoy. Lovejoy has released three albums and three singles, and has been praised worldwide.

Ilona Staller

Ilona Staller (born 26 November 1951), mainly known by her stage name Cicciolina ("little chubby one"), is a Hungarian-Italian former porn star, politician, and singer. She was born in Budapest, Hungary. She was a member of the Radical Party and Love Party. Staller was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1987 to 1992.

She unsuccessfully ran for Mayor of Milan in 2004. Staller offered to have sex with President of Iraq Saddam Hussein and Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in order to have world peace.

Alnmouth

Alnmouth () is a village on the coast of Northumberland, England. It is 4 miles (6 km) south east of the town of Alnwick. The population of Alnmouth in 2001 was 562. However at the 2011 census the population was less at 445. Alnmouth is at the end of the River Aln (the mouth). The village had a port supporting a small fishing industry. Fishing and trade decreased at the end of the 19th century. Alnmouth is a now a tourist attraction. It is within the Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. 

Božidar Delić

Božidar Delić (, ; 20 February 1956 – 23 August 2022) was a Serbian politician and general. From 2007 until his death, he was a member of the National Assembly of Serbia. He was the National Assembly Vice President from 2007 to 2012 and again from 2 August to 23 August 2022. Delić was born in Đakovica, then-FPR Yugoslavia.

Delić died on 23 August 2022 at a hospital in Moscow, Russia from an illness at the age of 66.

Drug test

A drug test is an analysis of a biological specimen, for example urine, hair, blood, breath, sweat, or oral fluid/saliva to find a specific or any kind of drug in a person's system. These drugs can be done for employment reasons or during sports to see if any athletes are using illegal steroids.

Centre Party (Finland)

The Centre Party ( , "Kesk"; ), officially the Centre Party of Finland, is an agrarian political party in Finland. It was founded in 1906. The party's ideology can be seen as centre on the political spectrum. It has been also seen as liberal, social liberal, liberal-conservative, and conservative-liberal. Its leader is Annika Saarikko since 2020. 

Mohamed Trabelsi

Mohamed Al-Trabelsi (محمد الطرابلسي; born ) is a former Tunisian male volleyball player and coach. He was a player of CS Sfaxien, where he was named a prominent player in 2005. With the Tunisia men's national volleyball team he became 2003 Men's African Volleyball Championship champion. He competed with the national team among others at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece and the FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship in 2002 and 2006.

After his playing career he became volleyball coach. In 2006 he was the coach of the first team and under-19 team of Kazma volleyball club in Kuwait that competed in the Arab Clubs Championship. Later he was the coach of El Jaish SC that won the silver medal at the 2017 Arab Clubs Championship. He stopped as a coach at the end of 2017 initially stated "for special reasons". It was later mentioned he became the technical leader of the team.

Alagoas heart-tongued frog

The Alagoas heart-tongued frog ("Phyllodytes acuminatus") is a frog. It lives in Brazil, in the state of Pernambuco. People have seen it as high as 550 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog in bromeliad plants near the outer parts of forests. Scientists think it might live deep in the forest in the place where the branches meet like a roof, but they have not seen them there. This frog is not in danger of dying out. Scientists say that it is good at living in places that human beings have changed a little, but not in places that human beings have changed a lot. Scientists say that the danger is that human beings change the places where it lives to build towns, build farms, get wood to build with, and make places for animals to eat grass.

The mother frog lays eggs on the leaves of bromeliad plants. She lays one egg at a time. When the egg hatches, the tadpole falls into the pool of water in the bromeliad plant.

Paris-Sud University

The Paris-Sud University (Université Paris-Sud, UPS) was a French university created on January 1, 1971. It disappeared on January 1, 2020 in favor of University of Paris-Saclay following the publication in the Official Journal of the decree creating the new university on November 5, 2019.



The Shiny Show

The Shiny Show is a British quiz show for children. It was originally broadcast on CBeebies between 11th February 2002 and 30th July 2002 and was repeated until 2nd June 2009 and 23rd January 2017.

The show was hosted by three puppet animals - Tigs the tiger, Dogsby the dog and Mukka the monkey. In each episode one of them was chosen to host the quiz. Then they would show a film about something and ask questions about it later. If a player anwsers right, they earn a "shiny" - a shiny object. Each quiz had three rounds. The winner (the one who got more shinies) would earn a "super-shiny" at the end as a prize.

Most episodes can be viewed on "The Shiny Show – Official Channel" on YouTube.

Jhansi Ki Rani (2019 TV series)

Jhansi Ki Rani ( The Queen of Jhansi) is an Indian historical drama television series. It is based on the life of warrior queen Lakshmi Bai, the Rani of Jhansi. The show, starring Anushka Sen went to air on Colors TV on 11 February 2019. Due to low TRPs, the show ended on 12 July 2019 completing 110 episodes. It was replaced by "Bahu Begum".




Kim Sun-hye

Kim Sun-hye (김순희, born 1 January 1977) is a North Korean women's former international footballer who played as a defender and later also as an attacker. She is a former member of the North Korea women's national football team. She later became an international referee.

When Kim was eleven years old she attended the Taedonggang District Youth Physical Education School in Pyongyang. A few years later she learned about football. She became a member of the national team in 1991 and represented the country in over 60 matches. She won the silver medal at the 1998 Asian Games, the silver medal at borh the 1991 AFC Women's Championship and 1993 AFC Women's Championship and competed at the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup and at two Asian Championships. 

Kim has been described by the national coach as "one of the top-5 players in the world". Due to this, she received in March 1999 the North Korean honorable title of Merited Athlete. She was further allowed to study at the Chosun University of Sports.

She became an international referee. 

At the 23rd Asian Football Federation General Assembly, she was elected as a female member of the Asian Football Federation Executive Committee.

Frank Costello

Frank Costello ( ]; born Francesco Castiglia; ]; January 26, 1891 – February 18, 1973) was an Italian-American crime boss. He was the boss of the Luciano crime family. He was involved in bootlegging and gambling businesses. He had a strong influence on politicians, especially in New York. He worked closely with Lucky Luciano. Later Costello fought against the US government. The court said Costello had to go 18 months in jail for not answering questions. He spent additional years in prison for evading taxes. He was almost killed by Vincent Gigante in 1957. Costello survived this assassination attempt. He died of a heart attack in 1973.

Naomi Piqué

Naomi Piqué (born 12 June 2000) is a Dutch-born Surinamese footballer who plays as a right winger. She is a member of the Dutch Eredivisie club SBV Excelsior and the Suriname women's national team.

Piqué startes her career with FC Delta Sports 95. She has played for ADO Den Haag in the Netherlands. After three seasons she moved to Excelsior in 2020. With the contract she became officially a professional football, but received a minimum amount of compensation fees.

Piqué made her debut for the Surinamese national team at the 2022 CONCACAF Championships qualification. After the competition, on the way back home, she was left together with two other players at the airport in Puerto Rico without a valid flight ticket, money and hotel stay. The three women started a boycot and didn’t want to compete for the national team with the current management anymore. The boycot received media attentention. Piqué was during this situation in the media explaining what happened and how the situation progressed.

1908 Republican National Convention

The 1908 Republican National Convention was held in Chicago Coliseum, Chicago, Illinois from June 16 to June 19, 1908. It nominated presidents that were in the Republican party.

Theodore Roosevelt liked William Howard Taft, so he was nominated. The convention nominated James S. Sherman to be the vice president.

Before the convention, Charles Fairbanks and Charles Evans Hughes both seemed like possible nominees, but Roosevelt chose to pick the president himself. Roosevelt wanted Elihu Root to be president, but Root was too young, so Roosevelt chose William Howard Taft instead. Taft was sure that he would win. Taft won the presidential nomination on the first ballot.

Taft wanted a progressive running mate like Albert Beveridge or Jonathan Dolliver, but Joseph Gurney Cannon and the New York delegation chose James S. Sherman. Sherman was a conservative, but the progressive wing of the party chose him anyway. Sherman won the vice presidential nomination on the first ballot, and he won 816 of the 979 votes.



Jarvis Johnson (YouTuber)

Jarvis Allen Johnson (born ) is an American YouTuber and former software engineer. He has been running his YouTube channel since October 12, 2006.

Johnson was born on May 5, 1992. From 2006 until 2010, he was taught at Eastside High School in Gainesville, Florida. He graduated with an International Baccalaureate diploma. He then went on to the Georgia Institute of Technology in 2010. He studied computer science there. He graduated with a bachelor of science high honors degree in 2014. He has worked for the Georgia Institute of Technology, Radiant Systems, Google, Yelp, and Patreon.

Before creating his YouTube channel on October 12, 2006, Johnson worked in other places. He worked as a student assistant, and then a teaching assistant at the Georgia Institute of Technology, a software developer intern at Radiant Systems, an engineering practicum intern at Google, a software engineer intern, and then a software engineer at Yelp, and a senior software engineer, and then an engineering manager at Patreon.
Johnson's channel has many different commentaries and running jokes, such as "Zeffo Overlord of 1-2-3 Go", and how "comically large" his computer science degree is. His channel also serves content farms and their ability to game the YouTube algorithms, giving attention to their media content, that can be seen to encourage behavior, whether regarding animated story channels based on untrue accounts or unproductive, or even dangerous, life hacks, popularized by the 5-Minute Crafts and Bright Side channels, which are managed by TheSoul Publishing.
In August 2018, traffic to Johnson's channel increased when another YouTuber, called Cody Ko, uploaded a video about 5-Minute Crafts, a topic that Johnson had already spoken about. Ko indirectly helped Johnson gain more recognition. 

Johnson was listed as one of "Forbes" "30 under 30" list of influential people for th"2021."ar.

In May 2021, Johnson posted a video on Twitter captioned "what a normal and ultimate spaghetti hack!" The video had a woman pouring Prego sauce onto a kitchen counter. The tweet gained international recognition and Prego ended up on the trending page on Twitter. The video in the tweet was then taken down by the creator of the video a mere 2 days later.
In July 2021, Rhett and Link announced that their production company, Mythical Entertainment, had got an ownership stake in the umbrella company Johnson founded for his various revenue streams.

New York's 28th congressional district

New York's 28th congressional district was a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives. 

After the congressional district lines were redrawn to deal with the loss of the seat because of the reapportionment because of the 2010 Census, the district was removed.


David Douglas-Home, 15th Earl of Home

David Alexander Cospatrick Douglas-Home, 15th Earl of Home (; 20 November 1943 – 22 August 2022) was a British businessman and hereditary peer. He was a Conservative member of the House of Lords from 1996 until his death in 2022. He was born in London. His father was Prime Minister Alec Douglas-Home.

Home died on 22 August 2022 at the age of 78.

Lev Pitaevskii

Lev Petrovich Pitaevskii ( ; 18 January 1933 – 23 August 2022) was a Russian theoretical physicist. He was known for his works in the theory of quantum mechanics, electrodynamics, low-temperature physics, plasma physics, and condensed matter physics. He was also the co-author of a few volumes of "Course of Theoretical Physics" series. 

Pitaevskii died on 23 August 2022 in Rovereto, Italy at the age of 89.

Rovereto

Rovereto (; "wood of sessile oaks") is a city and "comune" in Trentino in northern Italy. It is located in the Vallagarina valley of the Adige River.


Creed Taylor

Creed Taylor (May 13, 1929 – August 23, 2022) was an American record producer. He was best known for his work with CTI Records, which he founded in 1967. He also worked for Bethlehem Records, ABC-Paramount Records (including its jazz label, Impulse!), Verve, and A&M Records.

Taylor died on August 23, 2022, at the age of 93.

Transient ischemic attack

A transient ischemic attack (TIA) is commonly called a mini-stroke. It is a minor stroke. 

Symptoms usually end in less than an hour. TIA causes the same symptoms seen in strokes like weakness or numbness on one side of the body, loss of vision, difficulty speaking, slurred speech or confusion.

Having multiple TIAs is a risk factor for having a major stroke. People with TIA often have a major stroke within 48 hours of the TIA.


Astrud Gilberto

Astrud Gilberto (; born Astrud Evangelina Weinert; March 29, 1940 – June 5, 2023) was a Brazilian samba and bossa nova singer-songwriter. She became very popular in the 1960s because of her song "The Girl from Ipanema".

Gilberto died at her home in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on June 5, 2023 at the age of 83.

Congenital heart defect

A congenital heart defect (CHD), also known as a congenital heart anomaly and congenital heart disease, is a defect in the structure of the heart or great vessels that happens at birth. A congenital heart defect is seen as a cardiovascular disease. Signs and symptoms depend on the specific type of defect. Symptoms can be seen from not serious to life-threatening. When present, symptoms may include rapid breathing, bluish skin (cyanosis), poor weight gain, and feeling tired. CHD does not cause chest pain. 

Pic la Selle

Pic la Selle (Haitian: Pik Lasèl), also called Morne la Selle. It is the highest mountain in Haiti, with above sea level.

Frank Pallone

Frank Joseph Pallone Jr. (; born October 30, 1951) is an American lawyer and politician. He is the U.S. representative for since 1988. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Pallone is the chair of the House Energy and Commerce Committee.

Personal watercraft

A personal watercraft (PWC), often referred to as a water scooter or jet ski, is a popular and exhilarating recreational watercraft that provides riders with a thrilling on-water experience. PWCs are designed for one, two, or sometimes three riders and offer a unique way to explore bodies of water.

The heart of a PWC's propulsion system is its inboard engine, which powers a specialized water jet propulsion system. This system operates through a pump-jet mechanism featuring a screw-shaped impeller. The impeller, typically located at the rear of the watercraft, draws water in and forcefully expels it, propelling the PWC forward at high speeds. This design allows for agile and responsive maneuverability on the water.

PWCs are known for their versatility and are often used for various forms of water-based entertainment and recreation. Riders can choose to sit or stand on the PWC, adapting their position to their preference or the specific model of watercraft.

These watercraft are designed for fun and adventure, and they can reach impressive speeds, often exceeding 100 miles (161 kilometers) per hour. This capability makes them ideal for activities such as racing, water sports, exploring coastal areas, and enjoying leisurely rides on lakes and rivers. With their compact and lightweight design, PWCs are easy to transport and launch, allowing riders to access a wide range of aquatic environment.

Sandra Deal

Emilie Sandra Deal (née Dunagan; 1941 or 1942 – August 23, 2022) was an American education activist and public school language arts teacher. She was the wife Governor of Georgia Nathan Deal. She was the First Lady of Georgia from 2011 to 2019. Deal was born in Gainesville, Georgia.

Deal died on August 23, 2022 from breast cancer at her home in Demorest, Georgia at the age of 80.

Demorest, Georgia

Demorest is a city in Habersham County, Georgia, United States. The population was 2,022 at the 2020 census. It is the home of Piedmont University.

Clermont, Georgia

Clermont is a town in Hall County, Georgia, United States. The population was 1,021 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Gainesville Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Sean Patrick Maloney

Sean Patrick Maloney (born July 30, 1966) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the U.S. representative from from 2013 to 2023. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 

Maloney ran for New York Attorney General in 2018, but lost to Letitia James in the primary. From 1999 to 2000, he was the White House Staff Secretary during the Bill Clinton administration.

Maloney is openly gay. He lost his re-election bid in November 2022 to Mike Lawler.

In May 2023, President Joe Biden nominated Maloney to become Ambassador to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. With bipartisan support, he was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 12, 2024, by a vote of 63 to 31.

Cold Spring, New York

Cold Spring is a village in the town of Philipstown in Putnam County, New York, United States. 1,986 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Philipstown, New York

Philipstown is a town in the western part of Putnam County, New York, United States. 9,831 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Paramavatar Shri Krishna

Paramavatar Shri Krishna (English: "Lord Krishna") is an Indian television mythological serial. It is airing on &TV since 19 June 2017. It is based on the life of Krishna.

The story revolves around the birth and life of Krishna, the central character of the Hindu epic "Mahabharata".







New Orleans (disambiguation)

New Orleans is a city and a metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

New Orleans may also refer to:


Daniel Topolski

Daniel Topolski (4 June 1945 - 21 February 2015) also known as Dan was a British author. He was also a rower and sporting commentator on BBC television. He was married to Howards' Way actress Susan Gilmore. He had three children.

SK Bischofshofen

SK Bischofshofen (BSK 1933) is a football club from the town of Bischofshofen in Salzburg, Austria. The club colours are blue and white. The club plays in the Regionalliga West, which is the third division in Austrian football. The second team plays in the 2. Klasse Süd, which is the lowest league in Salzburg. In 1972 they played in the Nationalliga, which was the highest level in Austria.

The club plays their home matches at the historic Sportplatz Bischofshofen (1500 capacity), in front of their loyal supporters.

 



Apache Pizza

Apache Pizza is an Irish network of pizza delivery restaurants. It was founded in 1996. There were more than 160 pizza stores in the Republic of Ireland and 20 in Northern Ireland in 2022. It is the largest pizza network in Ireland. Martin Lyons is its director.

Kingdom of Heaven

Kingdom of Heaven may refer to:


RED C

RED C is an Irish polling and market research private company. It is famous for its political opinion polls and researches. Irish newspaper The "Sunday Business Post" publishes every month RED C's polling data on how the population supports current Irish politicial parties.

RED C was established in 2003 by its CEO Richard Colwell.

Radio navigation

Radio navigation is the application of radio frequencies. It is used to find a position of an object on the Earth through the vessel or an obstruction.

Radio navigation is commonly used in air, land and marine navigation.


The Cars (album)

The Cars is the debut studio album by American new wave rock band The Cars. It was released on 6 June 1978 through Elektra Records. It went to number 5 in New Zealand, number 18 in the United States and number 29 in the United Kingdom. It was ranked #353 on the 500 best albums of all time by the Rolling Stone magazine in 2020.

Distribution amplifier

A distribution amplifier (acronym: DA), is an electronic device. It accepts a single input signal. It also provides this same signal into multiple isolated outputs. 

They allow a signal to be sent to various destinations without ground loops or signal degradation. 

There are two types of the distribution amplifier:



MIDI

MIDI (; Musical Instrument Digital Interface) is a technical standard. It describes a communications protocol, digital interface, and electrical connectors. It connect a large variety of electronic musical instruments, digital devices for playing, editing, and recording music. 

A MIDI recording is not an audio signal. It is more like a piano roll, identifying the pitch, start and stop time and other properties of each individual note.

The market stabilized at the same time, popularizing the MIDI format, and helped computers become a viable option for music production.


Humbucker

A humbucking pickup (also known as humbucker, or double coil) is a type of guitar pickup. They uses two wire coils to cancel out the noisy interference picked up by coil pickups. 

Humbuckers are one of the two main types of guitar pickup, the other being single coil.

In any magnetic pickup, a vibrating guitar string, magnetized by a fixed magnet within the pickup, induces an alternating voltage across its coil.

Len Dawson

Leonard Ray Dawson (June 20, 1935 – August 24, 2022) was an American football quarterback. He played in the National Football League (NFL) and American Football League (AFL) for 19 seasons. Dawson was born in Alliance, Ohio. His career began in 1957 and he retired from playing in 1975. He played for the Pittsburgh Steelers, Cleveland Browns and Dallas Texans / Kansas City Chiefs. He was honored into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1987.

On August 12, 2022, it was announced that Dawson was in hospice care. He died twelve days later on August 24, aged 87.

Rolando Cubela Secades

Rolando Cubela Secades (1932 – 23 August 2022) was a Cuban revolutionary leader. He played an important part in the Cuban Revolution. He was a founding member of the Directorio Revolucionario Estudantil (DRE) and later the military leader of the DRE's Escambray Mountain front. 

In 1966 Cubela was arrested for plotting the assassination of Fidel Castro and was sentenced to twenty-five years in prison. Afterwards, he went into exile to Spain, and became a doctor.

Cubela Secades died on 23 August 2022 at the age of 90.

Nicola Materazzi

Nicola Materazzi (28 January 1939 – 24 August 2022) was an Italian mechanical engineer. He helped design many sports and racing cars, including the Ferrari 288 GTO, Ferrari F40, Bugatti EB110 and B Engineering Edonis. He was nicknamed "Mr F40" or the "father of the F40".

Caselle in Pittari

Caselle in Pittari is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of Italy.

Tim Page

Tim Page (25 May 1944 – 24 August 2022) was an English-born Australian photojournalist. He became popular during the Vietnam War for his photographs. He was born in Tunbridge Wells, England but was raised in Brisbane, Australia. He was a war correspondent for the "Rolling Stone". 

Page died on 24 August 2022 from liver cancer at his home in New South Wales, Australia at the age of 78.

Brazilian heart-tongued frog

The Brazilian heart-tongued frog ("Phyllodytes kautskyi") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. People have seen this as high as 600 meters above sea level.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large area and because there are so many of them. They think there are fewer of this frog than before because humans change the places where the frog lives, but not enough for the frog to be in danger. Unlike some other frogs, this frog cannot live in place that humans have changed too much. It can only live in real forests and not in tree farms where humans grow trees to harvest.

People have seen this frog on bromeliad plants. The frog lays its eggs in the plant and the tadpoles swim in pools of water in the leaves.

List of mayors of Pokhara

The mayor of Pokhara is the head of the Municipal executive of Pokhara Metropolitan City. The role was first created in 1959.

The current mayor is Dhana Raj Acharya. He was elected in the 2022 election.The position has been held by sixteen people since its creation.

The city of Pokhara is governed by the Pokhara Metropolitan City Council. The mayor is supported by the municipal executive which has the deputy mayor and ward chairs of all 33 wards of Pokhara.


Kim Un-hyang

Kim Un-hyang (born 26 August 1993) is a North Korean former football midfielder who played for the North Korea women's national football team.

With the national team she became Asian Games champion at the 2014 Asian Games, won the 2015 EAFF Women's East Asian Cup and played at the 2012 Summer Olympics. At the club level, she played for April 25.

Born in Nampo, Kim was born in a "soccer family". Many family member played football, including her grandfather. Her father was not able to play footy all at a professional team due to 
“circumstances”. This motivated her, to please her father, to become a professional football player and to represent the nation.

She played with the under-17, under-19 and under-20 national team and became world champion at the 2008 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup. 

Kim is beloved by her appearance, named as a “beauty”. She had a whitish skin, short hair and is muscular, what is not common for a Korean woman.

Archenemy

An archenemy is the main enemy of someone. In a work of fiction the protagonist’s archenemy is an antagonist normally the antagonist that is hardest to defeat. If the protagonist is a hero then the archenemy will be a villain. A lot of comic book superheroes have supervillains as their archenemies.

Susan Gilmore

Susan Gilmore was born 24 November, 1954 in London. She is a British actress who played Elizabeth Fitt in BBC drama series "Angels" and Avril Rolfe in "Howards' Way". She has also guest starred in "Never the Twain", "The Bill", "Casualty" and "Holby City". She was married to British rower Daniel Topolski and had three children. She is not related to British actor Peter Gilmore.

Gagauz people

The Gagauz people are a Turkic peoples ethnic group, descendants of Pechenegs and Cumans native to the Autonomous Region of Gagauzia in Moldova. They speak Gagauz, a Turkic language, as mother tongue. Unlike the other Turkic peoples who are predominantly Muslims, Gagauz people are adherents of the Eastern Orthodox Church. Most Gagauz people live in Moldova, followed by Ukraine, Turkey and Russia.

Luiz Mancilha Vilela

Luiz Mancilha Vilela (6 May 1942 – 23 August 2022) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1968. He was the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cachoeiro de Itapemirim, Brazil from 1986 to 2002. He was coadjutor bishop and bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vitória, Brazil, from 2002 until his retirement in 2018. Vilela was born in Pouso Alto, Brazil.

Vilela died on 23 August 2022 in Vitória, Brazil at the age of 80.

Gerald Potterton

Gerald Potterton (8 March 1931 – 23 August 2022) was a British–Canadian director, writer, producer and animator. He was best known for directing the cult classic "Heavy Metal" and his animation work on "Yellow Submarine". Potterton was nominated three times for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.

He directed the animated shorts "My Financial Career" and "Christmas Cracker", and as producer for "The Selfish Giant".

Potterton died on 23 August 2022 at a hospital in Cowansville, Canada at the age of 91.


Banco Patagonia

Banco Patagonia () is a commercial bank with headquarters in the city of Buenos Aires. They have 200 service points in the main cities and capitals of the provinces of Argentina. The company provides financial services to individual clients, SMEs, micro-SMEs and large companies. Currently, it is the sixth most important Bank in the country. 
The Banco Patagonia is listed on the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange and on the Bovespa, in São Paulo. Currently, it is part of the reference index of the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange. It is owned by Banco do Brasil, the second largest bank in Latin America. Banco do Brasil holds 58.96% of the shares of Banco Patagonia.


Gagauz

Gagauz or Gagauzian may refer to:



Bowbells, North Dakota

Bowbells is the county seat of Burke County, North Dakota, United States.

Crosby, North Dakota

Crosby is the county seat of Divide County, North Dakota, United States.

Manning, North Dakota

Manning is the county seat of Dunn County, North Dakota, United States.

New Rockford, North Dakota

New Rockford is the county seat of Eddy County, North Dakota, United States.

Andrej Marinc

Andrej Marinc (born October 4, 1930) is a Slovenian politician who served as the president of the executive council of the Socialist Republic of Slovenia from November 27, 1972, to April 1978. He was born in Celje, Slovenia, and was a member of the League of Communists of Slovenia. He was preceded by Stane Kavčič and succeeded by Anton Vratuša.

Andrej Marinc was born on October 4, 1930 in Celje. He graduated from the Faculty of Agriculture in Ljubljana. He became a member of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia in 1947.

He has been a socio-political worker since 1960, and held many positions:

Secretary of the Municipal Committee of SK Celje

Secretary of the Regional Committee of SK Celje

President of the District Committee of the Socialist Union of the Working People of Slovenia

member of the Executive Committee of the Central Committee of the Union of Communists of Slovenia

Secretary of the Secretariat of the Central Committee of Slovenia

representative of the Republic in the National Assembly of Slovenia

member of the commission of the SKJ Presidency for internal issues and development of social relations

member of the Conference of the SK organization in the Yugoslav People's Army

member of the Commission of the Central Committee of the Slovenian People's Resistance

President of the Executive Council of the National Assembly of the SR of Slovenia from November 27, 1972 to April 1978

Chairman of the Presidency of the Central Committee of the Union of Communists of Slovenia from April 1982 to May 1986

member of the Presidency of the SR of Slovenia from 1986 to 1990

Bowfin

The bowfin ("Amia calva") is a primitive bony fish in the genus "Amia" that lives in North America. It is a relict species, last of a group known as the Halecomorphi. That group appeared the Lower Triassic, about 250 million years ago. 

The bowfin is described as "primitive" because they have characteristics of their early ancestors. The closest living relatives of bowfins are gars: the two groups make up the clade Holostei.

Their physiology is quite interesting. Like gars, bowfin are "bimodal breathers": they can to breathe both water and air. Their gills exchange gases in the water, and they also have a gas bladder. The gas bladder is the secret: it keeps buoyancy, and lets the fish breathe air by a small pneumatic duct which goes from the foregut to the gas bladder. They break the surface to gulp air. This lets them survive conditions of hypoxia which would be lethal to most species.

The first fish lacked jaws and used negative pressure to suck their food in through their mouths. The jaw in the bowfin is a result of their evolutionary need to be able to catch and eat bigger and more nutritious prey. As a result of being able to gather more nutrients, Bowfin are able to live a more active lifestyle. The jaw of a bowfin has several adaptations.

Some people mistake northern snakeheads ("Channa argus") for bowfin because even if they are in a different genus, they have similarities to them in appearance, most noticeably their elongated, cylindrical shape, and long dorsal fin that runs along their backs.

A common parasite of bowfin is the anchor worm from the genus "Lernaea". These crustaceans infest the skin and bases of fins, with consequences ranging from slowed growth to death.

Bowfin are stalking, ambush predators that move into the shallows at night to prey on fish, and aquatic invertebrates such as crawfish, mollusks, and aquatic insects.

Halecomorphi

Halecomorphi is a type of ray-finned fish in the Neopterygii. 

The only living Halecomorph species are the bowfin ("Amia calva") and eyespot bowfin ("Amia ocellicauda").

Here are the members of the Halecomorphi:


Bangladesh Madrasah Education Board

Darunnajat Siddiquia Kamil Madrasa (officially Madrasa-e-Darunnajat) is under Demra Thana of Dhaka Metropolitan Area, D.N.D. The project includes Darunnajat Siddiquia Kamil Madrasah located on about three acres of land adjacent to Shukurshi Gorasthan between Sarulia Bazar and Dhaka Chittagong Highway.

Bye Bye Love (The Cars song)

"Bye Bye Love" is a 1978 song by American rock new wave band The Cars and is the seventh track from their debut album "The Cars". Like You're All I've Got Tonight, Moving in Stereo and All Mixed Up, three other songs from the album, it continues to get regular airplay on classic rock stations and despite not being released as singles.

Tamirul Millat Kamil Madrasah

Tamirul Millat Kamil Madrasa is a religious higher education institution in Bangladesh. It is run by the Ta'mirul Millat Trust. It was established to combine Islamic and modern education, the madrasa authority emphasizes on Islamic life philosophy and Islamic values. The madrasa has always been the top among all the madrasas in the country

Invisible Sun

"Invisible Sun" is a 1981 song by English band The Police and was released in September 1981 as the lead single in Europe. It was taken from the fourth studio album "Ghost in the Machine". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Ireland and number 27 in the Netherlands.

7-inch<nowiki>:</nowiki> A&M / AMS 8164 (UK)

7-inch<nowiki>:</nowiki> A&M / AMS 8164 (NL)

Enzo Garinei

Enzo Garinei (4 May 1926 – 25 August 2022) was an Italian actor. His career began in 1949. Garinei was born in Rome, Italy. Garinei was also known for his roles in "Toto, Peppino and the Fanatics", "No, the Case Is Happily Resolved" and "Banana Joe". Garinei was also known for being the Italian voice dub of Sherman Hemsley in the American sitcom "The Jeffersons".

Garinei died on 25 August 2022 in Rome at the age of 96.

Jorge Domínguez (politician)

Jorge Domínguez (20 March 1945 – 24 August 2022) was an Argentine politician. He was a member of the Justicialist Party. He was appointed Mayor of Buenos Aires in 1994. When the mayoral office later became an elected office, he ran for the mayoral elections in 1996, and lost to Fernando de la Rúa. He later was the Minister of Defense for President Carlos Menem from 1996 to 1999. Domínguez was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Domínguez died on 24 August 2022 at a hospital in Buenos Aires from pneumonia at the age of 77.

Jorge Telerman

Jorge Telerman (born November 29, 1956) is an Argentine politician and journalist. He was the fourth Chief of Government of Buenos Aires City between 2006 and 2007.

Foundational crisis of mathematics

The foundational crisis of mathematics describes the debate that existed in mathematics starting at the end of the 19th century until the middle of the 20th century.

In 1874, at the University of Halle in Germany, the mathematician Georg Cantor presented his set theory. Years later, the mathematician Bertrand Russell found paradoxical cases in which there were sets composed of other sets, or sets in which the set itself was an element of itself. This was called Russell's paradox.

As a result, three schools of mathematical thought appeared: intuitionism, logicism, and formalism.

Nicolas Bourbaki appeared right after World War II, since foundational crisis of mathematics was evident, and the loss of mathematicians during war was big. Bourbaki proposed the new foundations of mathematics.

New Math appeared after Nicolas Bourbaki. During this time, math education had a big change.

Some mathematicians believe that still we are in a foundational crisis of mathematics. Some others, believe we are in a New New Math, sometimes called Math wars.

Aníbal Ibarra

Aníbal Ibarra (born March 1, 1958) is an Argentine lawyer and politician. He was the Mayor of Buenos Aires from 2000 to 2006. When he was mayor, he was a member of the Broad Front. He was removed from office over his handling of the República Cromañón nightclub fire that killed over 190 people.

Wayne Yates

Wayne Edward Yates (November 7, 1937August 16, 2022) was an American professional basketball player and coach. He played 37 games for the Los Angeles Lakers in one National Basketball Association (NBA) season from 1961 to 1962. He later worked as a college basketball coach. This career lasted from 1969 to 1985. He coached the Memphis Tigers and the Northwestern State Demons. Yates was born in Gurdon, Arkansas.

Yates died on August 16, 2022 in Natchitoches, Louisiana at the age of 84.

Yuh-Line Niou

Yuh-Line Niou ( , born July 15, 1983) is a Taiwanese-American politician. She is a member of the New York State Assembly for the 65th district since 2017. Niou is the first Asian-American elected to the State Assembly for the district.

Niou was an unsuccessfully candidate for the Democratic Party's nomination for the United States House of Representatives in New York's 10th congressional district. She was seen as a progressive candidate in the election. 

Alberto Nisman

Natalio Alberto Nisman (born December 5, 1963), also known as Alberto Nisman, was an Argentine lawyer. He worked as a federal prosecutor and known for his intervention as a prosecutor in the cases related to the AMIA bombing on July of 1994 in Argentina, the worst terrorist attack in Argentina.

On Sunday, January 18, 2015, he was found dead with a shot to the head, in his apartment in the Tower Boulevard building of the Torres Le Parc complex, in the Puerto Madero neighborhood where he lived.

Alberto Nisman was raised in a Jewish family. His parents were Sara Garfunkel, and Isaac Adolfo Nisman (born 1936), an upper-middle-class textile entrepreneur.

He studied at the University of Buenos Aires, took half of the free subjects and graduated as a lawyer with an average of 8. He began to work "meritorious" (free work without a dependency relationship) in the Judicial Department of Morón. Once received, he began his judicial career in that jurisdiction.

He was married to federal judge Sandra Arroyo Salgado ―who at the time of Nisman's death was in charge of the San Isidro federal court―, with whom he had two daughters.

When he divorced he left his wife the house for his children and rented an apartment in Le Parc.

At 10:30 p.m. on Sunday, January 18, 2015, Nisman's mother was alerted that her son did not respond to calls and went to the apartment where the prosecutor lived, in the Torre Boulevard building of the Le Parc Tower complex, in the neighborhood of Puerto Madero (Buenos Aires), which was locked from the inside. After trying to get in, a locksmith was able to open the service door. Nisman's body was found in the bathroom, shot in the head, along with a .22-caliber Bersa gun and a shell casing.

The next day, Monday, he was scheduled to present his complaint to the Criminal Legislation Commission of the Chamber of Deputies of the Argentina.

A few days after the prosecutor's death, the locksmith who was called to open the door stated that it was not locked, but rather: "The service door was locked (from the inside) and had only the latch ... the latch opens with a little wire, I asked the mother for the key, I made the move, she turned the handle and opened it." The day after the locksmith's statements, Nisman's mother clarified that the service door was closed, and that she had previously opened it herself.

His remains were buried in the Israelite Cemetery of La Tablada, twenty meters from the tombs of the victims of the AMIA Bombing, in the so-called sector of the "Martires".


Peter Scholze

Peter Scholze (born 11 December 1987) is a German mathematician known for his work in arithmetic geometry. He has been a professor at the University of Bonn since 2012 and director at the Max Planck Institute for Mathematics since 2018. He has been called one of the leading mathematicians in the world. He won the Fields Medal in 2018.

Mr. Happy Go Lucky

Mr. Happy Go Lucky is the 14th studio album by American singer-songwriter John Mellencamp and the first following his heart attack in 1994. It went to number 11 in the United States and spawned the last top 40 single to date Key West Intermezzo (I Saw You First).

All songs written by John Mellencamp, except where noted.

Alhandra heart-tongued frog

The Alhandra heart-tongued frog ("Phyllodytes brevirostris") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. People have seen it as high as 100 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests and shrublands. This frog sits on bromeliad plants. Scientists think the female frog lays her eggs in water on the leaves of the plants. They think that the tadpoles swim in this water. The scientists are not sure because they have not seen the frog do so yet.

This frog is in a little danger of dying out, but scientists say that human beings change the places where it lives to build towns, build farms, get wood to build with, and make places for animals to eat grass. Human beings also take the bromeliad plants that the frog lives on.

1992 attack on Israeli embassy in Buenos Aires

The Attack on the Israeli embassy in Buenos Aires was a suicide bombing attack happened on Tuesday, March 17, 1992, causing 22 deaths and 242 injuries. The attack completely destroyed the headquarters of the embassy and the consulate, located at numbers 910 and 916 Arroyo Street in the city of Buenos Aires. The attack was investigated by the Supreme Court of Justice, without identifying any suspect and without the case being brought to trial until 2022.
On 17 March 1992, at 2:42 pm (UTC−3), a pick-up truck driven by a suicide bomber and loaded with explosives smashed into the front of the Israeli Embassy at the corner of Arroyo and Suipacha, and detonated. The embassy, a Catholic church, and a nearby school building were destroyed. Four Israelis died, but most of the victims were Argentine civilians, many of them were children. The blast killed 29 and wounded 242. It was Argentina's deadliest terror attack until the 1994 AMIA bombing. It remains the deadliest attack on an Israeli diplomatic mission.

The attackers are believed to have entered the country through the so-called triple border region, the area where the borders of Argentina, Paraguay and Brazil meet.

Two years later, on July 18, 1994, a car bomb exploded in front of AMIA, the most important Jewish mutual organization in the country, also in Buenos Aires, resulting in the death of 85 people.

In 2004, Carlos Menem, who was the president of Argentina between 1989 and 1999, declared in an interview that the fact of having been the only Argentine president to visit Israel could have been what offended these terrorist organizations. And then he added: "The other thing that could be is the sending of Argentine ships to the Gulf on the occasion of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait."

The sending of two warships to the Gulf, in 1991, to reinforce the coalition led by the United States against Iraq, was a major event in Argentine foreign policies during the Menem presidency.

Initially, expertise was carried out by the Federal Police and Gendarmerie. Both agreed that it had been a car bomb, but disagreed on the explosive used: trotyl and pentrite, for the police; hexogen with some kind of initiator, for the Gendarmerie.

In 1996, the Supreme Court changed the hypothesis and reported that based on the results of the expertise carried out by the National Academy of Engineering, it could be established "with a certain degree of certainty" that the attack was the result of an explosion that occurred inside the building.

In 1999, by the agreement issued on December 23, the Court changed its hypothesis again and held that the attack had been carried out with a car bomb, specifying that it could have been a Ford F-100 truck.

Pekan Sari

Pekan Sari ( Pakan Sari) is a small town in the Cibinong district of Bogor Regency in West Java province, Indonesia.

Letter of the 99

The letter of the 99 (in Russian: Письмо девяноста девяти) is a collective open letter signed in 1968 by several famous Soviet mathematicians in defense of their colleague Aleksander Yesenin-Volpin, who was forcibly committed to a psychiatric hospital in connection with his dissident activities. The letter became an important event in the history of both Soviet mathematics and the human rights movement.

Pierre and Marie Curie University

The Université Pierre-et-Marie-Curie was a French university created on January 1, 1971. It disappeared on January 1, 2018 in favor of Sorbonne Université following the publication in the Official Journal of the decree creating the new university on April 21, 2017.



Mathematical Association of America

The Mathematical Association of America is a professional society that focuses on mathematics for undergraduate students.

Ajman

Ajman may refer to:


The Save-Ums!

The Save-Ums is a Canadian CGI children's Educational animated television series. Produced By Decode Entertainment and CORE Toons and Produced In Association With CBC Television Discovery Kids and The Dan and Clark Company. 

Moreton Frewen

Hugh Moreton Frewen (8 May 1853 – 2 September 1924) was a British politician and a British "cattle king" of the 19th-century of the American West.

Frewen was born into a rich British family. He graduated from Cambridge in 1877. The singer Lilly Langtry was his mistress for some time.

Frewen moved to Wyoming. He wanted to make northeastern Wyoming his own "kingdom." With money from investors, he bought cattle. He let his cattle graze on public lands. He lived an extravagant life. He built a mansion ("Frewen's castle") wherein he gave fancy parties for friends from England. However, he did not know how to manage cattle and lost cattle, money and investors. He also lost money in a mining company in Colorado. He returned to England after his failures in America, where he had earned the nickname "Mortal Ruin." 

"The Economic Crisis" etc.; "Melton Mowbray and Other Memories."

Rincón de Romos

Rincón de Romos is a city and one of the 11 municipalities of the Mexican state of Aguascalientes, it is located at the coordinates .

It was founded in 1658 by Captain Diego Romo de Vivar y Romo by order of the Real Audiencia de Guadalajara, founded under the name of Hacienda de Romos, In 2010 it had a total population of 27,988 inhabitants.


Baltimore, Vermont

Baltimore is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Barnard, Vermont

Barnard is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Bethel, Vermont

Bethel is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Bridgewater, Vermont

Bridgewater is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Cavendish, Vermont

Cavendish is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Hartford, Vermont

Hartford is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Hartland, Vermont

Hartland is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Ludlow (town), Vermont

Ludlow is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Plymouth, Vermont

Plymouth is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Pomfret, Vermont

Pomfret is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Reading, Vermont

Reading is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Rochester, Vermont

Rochester is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Royalton, Vermont

Royalton is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Sharon, Vermont

Sharon is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Stockbridge, Vermont

Stockbridge is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Weathersfield, Vermont

Weathersfield is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

West Windsor, Vermont

West Windsor is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States.

Heaven on Earth (Belinda Carlisle album)

Heaven on Earth is the second studio album by American singer Belinda Carlisle. It was released on October 5, 1987 through MCA Records. It went to number 1 in Norway, number 3 in New Zealand, number 3 in Sweden, number 4 in Switzerland, number 4 in the United Kingdom and number 13 in the United States.

Servant of the People

Servant of the People or Servants of the People may refer to:

Alles mit Gott und nichts ohn' ihn, BWV 1127

"Alles mit Gott und nichts ohn' ihn", BWV 1127 is an aria written by Johann Sebastian Bach. It was written in October 1713 for Duke Wilhelm Ernst of Saxe-Weimar's birthday. The text was written by Johann Anton Mylius. It was discovered in 2005 in the Anna Amalia Library in Weimar.

Duke Wilhelm Ernst of Saxe-Weimar was born on 19 October 1662 (O.S.). He became co-ruler of Saxe-Weimar with his brother, Johan Ernst III in 1683. When Saxe-Weimar changed to using the Gregorian calendar, he chose 30 October to be his new birthday.

In July 1708, Bach became the court organist at Weimar. Johann Samuel Drese and his son Johann Wilhelm were the court composers at the time. As an organist, Bach did not have to write music.

Johann Anton Mylius was the superintendent of Buttstädt. He wrote an ode for Duke Wilhelm's birthday. It is based on the duke's motto. He asked Bach to write a melody for the ode.

The aria is written for a soprano soloist, two violins, a viola, and basso continuo.

Manhattan distance

The Manhattan distance is a different way of measuring distance. It is named after the grid shape of streets in Manhattan. If there are two points, formula_1 and formula_2, the Manhattan distance between the two points is formula_3.

This distance can be imagined as the length needed to move between two points in a grid where you can only move up, down, left or right.

This definition can be used for three and higher dimensions too.
If there are two vectors, formula_4 and formula_5, then the manhattan distance between the two points is the absolute value of the difference between all numbers in the vector. Or, in notation:
formula_6

Second inauguration of Theodore Roosevelt

The second inauguration of Theodore Roosevelt as the 26th president of the United States happened on March 4, 1905. It was the start of the second term of Theodore Roosevelt as president and the one and only term of Charles W. Fairbanks as vice president.

A public ceremony happened on the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The event was the 30th presidential inauguration.

Chief Justice Melville Fuller administered the oath of office to Roosevelt. William P. Frye administered the vice presidential oath of office to Fairbanks.


Zanzibar (Billy Joel song)

"Zanzibar" is a 1978 song by Billy Joel and is the fourth track from his sixth studio album 52nd Street. It has also appeared on several live albums and has a jazzy rock sound.

Live to Tell

"Live to Tell" is the 1986 song by American singer Madonna and is the lead single from her third studio album "True Blue". It topped the charts in the United States, Canada and Greece. It was used in the 1986 movie "At Close Range".




Morrison Hotel

Morrison Hotel is the fifth studio album by American hard rock band The Doors. It was released on 9 February, 1970 through Elektra Records and went to number 4 in the United States, number 6 in the Netherlands and number 12 in the United Kingdom.

Details are taken from the 1970 Elektra Records album and may differ from other sources.

Xerxes

Xerxes may refer to:


Paris-Sorbonne University

The Paris-Sorbonne University was a French university created on January 1, 1971. It disappeared on January 1, 2018 in favor of Sorbonne Université following the publication in the Official Journal of the decree creating the new university on April 21, 2017.



Sacro Catino

The Sacro Catino is an artifact preserved in Genoa in the Museum of the Treasure of the Cathedral of San Lorenzo ; tradition has it the authentic Holy Grail, or the simulacrum of the dish used by Jesus Christ during the Last Supper, brought to Genoa after the First Crusade by Guglielmo Embriaco .

The basin is a hexagonal vase made of bright green transparent material. When it was brought to Genoa it was believed that it was emerald . The Sacro Catino ended up shattered during its stay in France and was the subject of various restorations : the first in 1908, in 1951, and finally in 2017.

The study of the object made during the period of presence in France by the Académie des sciences of the Institut de France established that it was a Byzantine crystal and not an emerald. The following studies would have postdated the work considering it to be an Islamic artifact of the 9th - 10th century .

The source of this belief is Jacopo da Varagine, who tells in the Genoese Chronicle that, during the first Crusade ( XI century ), the Genoese soldiers under the command of Guglielmo Embriaco participated in the capture of the city of Cesarea ( 1101 ), coming into possession of what was believed to be the dish of Jesus' Last Supper.

When Genoa was conquered Napoleon Bonaparte, the dish was brought to Paris in 1806 and, when it was returned on June 14, 1816, it returned to Genoa broken into 10 pieces, one of which was missing.

In 2017, the "emerald vase" was returned to the city in its transparent color, after the restoration carried out by the Opificio delle Pietre Dure in Florence. According to L. Ciatti, protagonist of the restoration attributed to Daniele Angellotto said it was not obtained from a huge natural emerald, but that it was a simple green glass vase, with no economic value.




Ellen Travolta

Ellen M. Travolta (born October 6, 1939) is an American actress. She is known for playing Louisa Arcola Delvecchio in "Happy Days" and "Joanie Loves Chachi". She also played Lillian in "Charles in Charge". Her brother is actor John Travolta.

Aleksandr Rozenberg

Aleksandr Nikolayevich Rozenberg (; born 18 October 1967) is a Transnistrian politician. He has been the Prime Minister of Transnistria since 30 May 2022.

Robert E. Finnigan

Robert Emmet Finnigan (May 27, 1927August 14, 2022) was an American chemist. He was known for his role in the creation of gas chromatography–mass spectrometry equipment. Finnigan founded the Scientific Instruments Division of Electronic Associates, Inc.. His works had also helped with the monitoring of water quality and pollution.

Finnigan died on August 14, 2022 at his house in Palo Alto, California, at the age of 95.

Orlando de la Torre

Orlando de la Torre Castro (21 November 1943 – 24 August 2022) was a Peruvian footballer. He played as a defender. De la Torre played for the Peru national team between 1967 and 1973.

Saawan Kumar Tak

Saawan Kumar Tak (9 August 1936 – 25 August 2022) was an Indian movie director, producer, and lyricist. He directed many Hindi movies. His best known works were "Saajan Bina Suhagan", "Souten", "Souten Ki Beti", "Sanam Bewafa", and "Bewaffa Se Waffa". 

Tak died on 25 August 2022 in Mumbai, India from lung disease at the age of 86. 

Joe E. Tata

Joseph E. Tata (September 13, 1936 – August 24, 2022) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Nat Bussichio in the television series "Beverly Hills, 90210". He also appeared in 8 episodes of "The Rockford Files".

Tata was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2018. He died on August 24, 2022 from the disease, three weeks before his 86th birthday in Los Angeles, California.

Herman Van Springel

Herman Van Springel (14 August 1943 – 25 August 2022) was a Belgian road racing cyclist. He wore the Maillot Jaune during four stages of the 1968 Tour de France and for three stages in 1973. He won a record seven editions of the marathon Bordeaux–Paris.

Van Springel died on 25 August 2022 in Grobbendonk, Belgium at the age of 79.

Joseph Zen

Joseph Zen Ze-kiun SDB (, born 13 January 1932) is a cardinal of the Catholic Church from Hong Kong. He was born in Shanghai.

Zen was the sixth Bishop of Hong Kong from 2002 to 2009. He was appointed cardinal in 2006. He is also an activist about human rights, political freedom, and religious liberty. He is also a strong supporter for Hong Kong democracy and has been criticize by China. 

On 11 May 2022 he was arrested by the National Security Police and later that day released on bail.

Bahia heart-tongued frog

The Bahia heart-tongued frog ("Phyllodytes melanomystax") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. People have seen it as high as 800 meters above sea level.

This frog lives on bromeliad plants that grow on tree branches. Scientists have not seen it in bromeliad plants that grow on the ground or on small plants. In some parts of Brazil, it also lives in shrubby places. The female frog lays eggs on the leaves. When they hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water in the middle of the bromeliad plants and then swims and grows in the water.

This frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. Although human beings cut down much of the forest where it used to live to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, there is a large forest space left as of 2023.

MS Estonia

The MS "Estonia" was a Finnish cruiseferry. It was built in 1980 for the Finnish company Rederi Ab Sally. The ferry was built by Meyer Werft, in Papenburg, West Germany. It was used on ferry routes between Finland and Sweden by several companies, It was first useed by Viking Line, then EffJohn. In 1993, it was sold to Nordström & Thulin for use on Estline's Tallinn–Stockholm route. The ship sank on 28 September 1994. It wend down in the Baltic Sea between Sweden, Finland and Estonia. This was one of the worst maritime disasters during peacetime in the 20th century. 852 people died.

The ship sank during a storm on the Baltic Sea. The closest ship to the Esonia when she made the SOS signal was the "Silja Europa". While sinking the ship capsized and sunk. All of the passengers of MV Estonia died. No lifeboats were found. The sinking was said to be caused by flooding.

Jesse Cornplanter

Jesse J. Cornplanter (September 16, 1889 – March 18, 1957) was an actor, artist, author, craftsman, Seneca Faithkeeper and World War I decorated veteran. He was the last male descendant of Cornplanter. He wrote books about the Iroquois and Seneca life. He wrote and illustrated "Legends of the Longhouse" (1938). He was the first Native American with a major role in a movie called "Hiawatha".

Jesse Cornplanter was born in 1889 on the Cattaraugus Reservation in New York. His Seneca parents were Nancy Jack and Edward Cornplanter. He had six sisters and three brothers. Only two sisters survived adulthood. Cornplanter did not have an education past third grade. However, he knew a lot about Seneca customs.

Cornplanter served in the U.S. Army during World War One. Many of his relatives, including his father and sisters, died during this time.

After the war, Cornplanter had several chief roles. He was ceremonial chief of the Long House and the chief of New Town.

He acted in movies. He most notably played Hiawatha in the silent movie Hiawatha (1913).

Cornplanter created artwork about Seneca life. Some of his illustrated books include "Iroquois Indian Games and Dances" (c. 1903) and "Legends of the Longhouse" (1938). He also illustrated "The Code of Handsome Lake".

His paintings are part of the Iroquois Realist Style. He also did wood carvings.

Cornplanter was married to Elsina Billy. He had no children or descendants. Jesse Cornplanter was the last male descendant of Cornplanter.



Paris Descartes University

The Paris Descartes University was a French university created on January 1, 1971. It disappeared on January 1, 2020 in favor of Université Paris Cité following the publication in the Official Journal of the decree creating the new university on March 20, 2019.



Hiawatha

Hiawatha (/ˌhaɪəˈwɒθə/ HY-ə-WOTH-ə, also US: /-ˈwɔːθə/ -⁠WAW-thə: Haiëñ'wa'tha [hajẽʔwaʔtha]) was a legendary Native American leader. According to stories, he was one of the founders of the Iroquois Confederacy. He was leader of the Onondaga people and the Mohawk people. A famous account of Hiawatha is in the The Song of Hiawatha. This is a poem by Henry Longfellow.

Harmonic mean

Harmonic means are a type of mean. It is the number of values divided by the reciprocal of the values. If there are formula_1 numbers formula_2, then the harmonic mean of these numbers are
formula_3

Out of the geometric mean and arithmetic mean, the harmonic mean is usually the smallest.

Let's find the harmonic mean of 2,4 and 5. There are three numbers so we will be dividing three. The reciprocals of the numbers are formula_4, formula_5 and formula_6. If we add the reciprocals we get formula_7. If we divide three by this number, the result is formula_8 (approximately 3.157894737)

Inna Afinogenova

Inna Afinogenova (Born, January 14, 1989) is a Russian journalist, who until May 2022 worked as deputy director of the RT website in Spanish and for the YouTube channel, called "Ahí les va".

Afinogenova was born on January 14, 1989, in the Republic of Dagestan in southern Russia. She is a journalism graduate from M.V. Lomonosov of Moscow 

Journalism and the Spanish language are her main interests. She learned Spanish from a very young age and received classes from an Argentine teacher from the ages of 12 to 18. In an interview with the Argentine host Beto Casella she said about her Argentine teacher «She instilled in me the love for that country. And then I had the opportunity to go to Argentina in 2008. I went several times, and I spent a long time in Buenos Aires."

She worked in several media outlets (from radio in Argentina to television) and worked for the Russian television channel RT en Español, holding various positions on said channel until she became the deputy director of the website.

She has worked in Spanish audiovisual content in Spanish called "Ahí les va", on the YouTube video platform.
On March 1, 2022, Google blocked access to the YouTube channels of Russian news agencies Russia Today and Sputnik throughout the European Union, including Afinogenova's news space There You Go, in compliance with sanctions imposed by the European Union to Russia for the invasion of Ukraine.

Previously, Afinogenova had made some controversy since on December 1, 2021, in her program There it goes, she commented: «January will come, then February and March, it will end 2022 and surely in the (Western) media they will continue to read that the invasion is imminent." This and other previous controversies were what triggered this information channel to be deleted from the network and elsewhere, since the EU and the US "consider that their message in favor of the Russian theses is unacceptable in times of war".

On May 3, 2022, she posted a video on YouTube explaining that he had left Russia and the Spanish RT channel because he does not agree with this war and any other war.

She also blamed the war, considering it a serious strategic error, because it has greatly strengthened NATO: "No one who is against NATO supports this war, because nothing has strengthened that organization as much as the decision made by the government Russian, an organization that was in full decline, seemed totally anachronistic".

Sovetsk, Kaliningrad Oblast

Sovetsk (; ; Old Prussian: "Tilzi", ; ) is a border city located on the banks of the Memel in the Kaliningrad Oblast, which borders Lithuania. When it was part of Prussia and later Germany, it was known as Tilsit.

Intellectual dark web

The Intellectual Dark Web is a nickname for a group of people on the Internet.

They use YouTube and podcasts to criticize political correctness and what they call “the regressive left” meaning extremes in left-wing politics. Critics of the Intellectual Dark Web say it just supports right-wing politics and think it encourages extremism about right-wing politics. The Intellectual Dark Web says that this is wrong. Sam Harris used to say he was in the Intellectual Dark Web but then said he no longer supported it because it supports Donald Trump. BreadTube is very critical of the Intellectual Dark Web.

Electrical tape

Electrical tape (or insulating tape) is a type of pressure-sensitive adhesive tape used primarily to insulate electrical wire and cable splices. This type of tape is capable of withstanding conditions of extreme temperatures, corrosion, humidity and high voltages. The tape is made of thin PVC material, usually 14mm wide; one side of the tape is impregnated with an adhesive. PVC has been chosen because it is a low-cost, flexible material and has excellent electrical insulating properties, although it has the disadvantage of hardening with time and heat.

In the 1950s, vinyl emerged as a highly versatile material for a wide range of uses, from shower curtains to cable insulation. However, getting it to have the right characteristics to make a tape required a significant research effort.

An important ingredient in vinyl film was tricresyl phosphate (TCP), which was used as a plasticizer. Unfortunately, the TCP had a tendency to migrate, which gave the surface of the tape an oily quality, affecting the adhesive property of the tape. Therefore, the 3M research team began work on creating a reliable vinyl tape that had the right characteristics in terms of electrical insulation, physical resistance and chemical properties.

Experiments were carried out combining new plasticizers with the vinyl resin, which was white and floury in consistency. Finally in January 1946, the 3M team of inventors Snell, Oace, and Eastwood applied for a patent for a vinyl electrical insulating tape with a plasticizer and a non-sulfur-based rubbery adhesive. The first commercialized version of the tape was sold for wrapping wires.

Movistar

Movistar () is a major telecommunications provider owned by Telefónica, operating in Spain and Hispanic American countries.

Physical (Dua Lipa song)

"Physical" is a 2020 song by English singer Dua Lipa and is the second single from her second studio album "Future Nostalgia". It topped the single charts in Bulgaria, Croatia, Israel, Lebanon, Poland, number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Australia, number 16 in New Zealand and number 60 in the United States.







Carlo Perogalli

Carlo Perogalli (Milan, June 25, 1921 - Milan, 2005) was an Italian architect, architectural historian and academic.

Carlo Perogalli earned his degree in Architecture from Milan Polytechnic in 1946, subsequently serving as Ambrogio Annoni’s assistant in 1947. Transitioning under the mentorship of Gio Ponti, he later established his own studio in Milan alongside designer Attilio Mariani in 1950, engaging in collaborative research until 1958. Gio Ponti, Carlo Perogalli’s associate, was part of the Concrete Art Movement (MAC).

Embodying their conceptual exploration within the “MAC Movimento Arte Concreta”, Perogalli and Mariani notably conceived the structures at Viale Beatrice d’Este 24 (1951-52) and Viale Beatrice d’Este 26 (1955-56) in Milan’s Quadronno District, showcasing their artistic evolution.

Post-completion, Perogalli shifted focus to university teaching, delving into the intricate relationships between architecture and the arts, particularly in the design of Viale Beatrice d’Este. His academic journey included acquiring the university chairs of “Stylistic and Constructive Characters of Monuments” in 1954, “Restoration of Monuments” in 1958, and “History of Architecture” from 1960 to 1991 at the Politecnico di Milano.

Authoring over forty volumes on architecture and restoration, alongside numerous conceptual reflections intertwining design and art, Perogalli’s contributions remain integral to the discourse. 
Luciano Caramel’s studies on MAC suggest a two-phase periodization: the initial phase (1948-1952) dominated by painting, succeeded by a second phase (1952-1958) marked by the active participation of architects, engineers, and designers.

Continuing his analysis, the architect discerns a transformative shift from art as a self-contained entity to the object, drawing inspiration from artistic currents spanning Cubism to Concrete Art. This dialogue sparks a tangible interchange of forms between the artistic realm and the products of industry, particularly machines and objects.

In this symbiotic relationship, architecture emerges as a convergence of diverse arts, risking the adoption of painting and sculpture forms. This shared language fosters a communal space, a concrete space, where the boundaries between artistic disciplines blur. Some architects, it appeared, viewed architectural decoration not as a transgression but as an exploration, a divergence from the conventional perception of it as a “crime.” Your rephrasing effectively captures Perogalli’s advocacy for renewal, contesting the supremacy of rationalism-functionalism. His vision sought to introduce a more dialectical design approach, moving beyond the prevailing monopoly and cultivating a novel outlook on the interplay between form and function.




Seni Pramoj

Mom Rajawongse Seni Pramoj (Thai:หม่อมราชวงศ์เสนีย์ ปราโมช: 26 May 1905 – 28 July 1997) was three times the Prime Minister of Thailand, a politician in the Democrat Party, lawyer, diplomat and professor.

A descendant of the Thai royal family, he was the great-grandson of King Rama II.

His final two terms as PM sandwiched the only term of his brother, Kukrit Pramoj.

Odysseas Elytis

Odysseus Elytis (Greek: Οδυσσέας Ελύτης pen name of Odysseus Alepoudellis, Greek: Οδυσσέας Αλεπουδέλλης; 2 November 1911 – 18 March 1996) was a Greek poet, essayist and translator, regarded as a major exponent of romantic modernism in Greece and the world. He is one of the most praised poets of the second half of the twentieth century, with his Axion Esti "regarded as a monument of contemporary poetry". In 1979, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature.

Krzysztof Kieślowski

Krzysztof Kieślowski (27 June 1941 – 13 March 1996) was a Polish movie director and screenwriter. He made "Dekalog" (1989), "The Double Life of Veronique" (1991), and the "Three Colours trilogy" (1993 –1994). Kieślowski received many awards during his career, including the Cannes Film Festival Jury Prize (1988), FIPRESCI Prize (1988, 1991), and Prize of the Ecumenical Jury (1991); the Venice Film Festival FIPRESCI Prize (1989), Golden Lion (1993), and OCIC Award (1993); and the Berlin International Film Festival Silver Bear (1994). In 1995, he received Academy Award nominations for Best Director and Best Writing.

In 2002, Kieślowski was listed at number two on the British Film Institute's Sight & Sound list of the top ten film directors of modern times. In 2007, Total Film magazine ranked him at No. 47 on its "100 Greatest Film Directors Ever" list.

Puffin Rock

Puffin Rock is a Irish animated children's television series. It follows the adventures of two young puffins named Oona and Baba as they explore their world, the series originally aired on RTÉjr in Ireland, Milkshake! and Nick Jr. in The United Kingdom, Sprout in The United States TVO and Knowledge Network in Canada and is currently airing on Netflix worldwide as a original series and Boomerang and Disney XD in The United States.

Central Pollution Control Board

Pollution control board is a government organization responsible for the pollution control. It also has a big responsibility to ensure that not only India but also any other country is free from pollution. The Pollution Control Board, popularly known as the PCB, The Board’s mandate is to protect human health and environment from environmental pollution.

The Pollution Control Board (PCB), Ministry of Environment & Forests (MoEF) is responsible for implementing National Pollution Control Programme (NPCP) under Water (Prevention & Control of Pollution), Air (Prevention & Control of Pollution) and Noise pollution control Acts 1974, 1986 and Rules 1994 respectively. It also implements other Acts like Environment Protection Act 1986, Solid Waste Management Rules 2000 etc which have been enacted to ensure sustainable development through ecologically sound management of natural resources.

The Pollution Control Board (PCB) is a government body responsible for maintaining environmental standards in India. It was established under the Environment Protection Act, 1986 and its primary role is to ensure that the environment remains safe for human welfare. The PCB has many responsibilities like protecting the natural resources and promoting clean energy sources like solar energy which are considered green technologies.

The PCB requires No Objection Certificates (NOCs) from all industries before they can carry out any project that may harm the environment or pollute air or water. These NOCs are issued by an panel called as Expert Committee.

The Consent to Establish is a clearance that is required before any industry, plant or process can be established.  The consent to establish is the first step in the process and it requires a business to obtain all necessary consents from the relevant authorities. The CTE allows for the establishment of a business and details such as ownership, location and management. It also outlines how the company will be governed and run by its directors. The consent to establish is issued once the agency has reviewed all environmental impact studies and conducted site-specific investigations. The agency also verify if there are no effects on soil, water, air and noise pollution.

The CTO is an important document that provides a detailed outline of how the company will operate. Once the Industry, Plant, or Process being established according to mandatory pollution control systems, the units are required to obtain consent to operate. This is a legal document that confirms that you have all the necessary permits for your plant and operations.

The validity and renewal of consent is one of the most fundamental aspects of consent. The concept of validity, as it applies to consent, is an important one to understand. Consent Valid Unless The Person Has A Valid Reason For Refusing To Consent. Mainly the pollution control board issue it for 3 to 5 years. Consent to operate remains valid for a period of 5, 10, and 15 years according to the red, orange, and green category.


Ukrainian Ye with diaeresis

Ukrainian Ye with diaeresis (Є̈ є̈) is a letter of the Cyrillic script. It is used in the Khanty language.

Komi De

”Komi De” (Ԁ ԁ) is a letter from the Cyrillic alphabet. It was used in the writing of the Komi language.

This letter looks exactly like an upside down Latin P.

Paris Diderot University

The Paris Diderot University was a French university created on January 1, 1971. It disappeared on January 1, 2020 in favor of Université Paris Cité following the publication in the Official Journal of the decree creating the new university on March 20, 2019.



The Soft Parade

The Soft Parade is the fourth studio album by American hard rock band The Doors and was released on 18 July, 1969 through Elektra Records. It peaked at number 6 and was disappointing follow up from their previous album "Waiting for the Sun".

The 40th Anniversary edition includes a longer version of "The Soft Parade", running to over 9:41 length. However, the liner notes of the original US Elektra Records album released on July 18, 1969, show the details as listed below:

Stephen Rea

Stephen Rea ( ; born 31 October 1946) is an Irish actor. Rea was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for the thriller movie "The Crying Game" (1992). His other movie credits include "V for Vendetta", "Michael Collins", "" and "Breakfast on Pluto". Rea's TV roles include "The Shadow Line" and "The Honourable Woman", for which he won a BAFTA Award.

Rea was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland. He was married to Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) member Dolours Price. The couple had two sons. In 1973, Price saw Rea perform at the Court Theatre in London, the same night she took part in the Old Bailey bombing.

Tight Spot

Tight Spot is a 1955 American crime drama movie directed by Phil Karlson and was based on the 1953 play "Dead Pigeon" by Lenard Kantor. It stars Ginger Rogers, Edward G. Robinson, Brian Keith, Lucy Marlow, Lorne Greene, Peter Leeds, Eve McVeagh and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Another Woman (1988 movie)

Another Woman is a 1988 American Canadian psychological drama movie directed by Woody Allen and stars Gena Rowlands, Gene Hackman, Ian Holm, Mia Farrow, Blythe Danner, Betty Buckley, Sandy Dennis, Frances Conroy, Philip Bosco, Harris Yulin. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Hazardous waste

Hazardous waste is any waste that contains chemicals, toxic or corrosive materials. Hazardous waste can be found in many industries, including mining, manufacturing, and agriculture. It can also be produced by households through activities such as cleaning up after a spill or accident. These materials can pollute the environment and pose threat to human lives. The main reason for this is that these hazardous wastes are not properly disposed of. They can cause serious environmental damage such as groundwater pollution, air pollution and soil contamination.

Hazardous waste is any waste that contains chemicals, toxic or corrosive materials. Hazardous waste can be found in many industries, including mining, manufacturing, and agriculture. It can also be produced by households through activities such as cleaning up after a spill or accident.

Hazardous waste is any waste that has been determined to be hazardous under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) of 1976. Hazardous wastes are divided into two general categories: ignitable waste and corrosive waste.


Hazardous waste is called "hazardous" because of the potential harm it could cause to people or the environment. For example, if you spilled a paint thinner on your carpet, it could cause burns to anyone who breathes in the fumes.

When hazardous wastes are improperly handled, they can release harmful chemicals into the air or water supply that cause health problems for nearby residents and wildlife. These wastes also pose risk to workers who handle them improperly or who work with them on a regular basis. If proper precautions are not taken when handling hazardous waste, accidents can occur which may result in death or serious injury to workers and others who come into contact with them.

The rule 6 of the Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management & Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016 and amendment thereto shall be required to make an application in Form 1 to the State Pollution Control Board and obtain an authorisation from the State Pollution Control Board of Every occupier of the facility who is engaged in handling, generation, collection, storage, packaging, transportation, use, treatment, processing, recycling, recovery, pre-processing, co-processing, utilisation, offering for sale, transfer or disposal of the hazardous and other wastes. Such application for authorisation shall be accompanied with a copy each of the following documents, namely:-


The procedure for obtaining authorization under Hazardous Waste Management is as follows:


Banco Supervielle

Banco Supervielle is a commercial banking entity of Argentine origin, with headquarters in Buenos Aires. Supervielle arises from the merger of Banco Banex and Société Générale de Argentina. In 2004, Banco Banex bought the shares of Banco Société Générale de Argentina, and returned to the Supervielle brand, used until 1964.


Phyllodytes edelmoi

The Phyllodytes edelmoi is a frog. It lives in Brazil in the state of Alagoas. People have seen it as high as 650 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests and rocky places. It lives on cliffs and mountains. Scientists have seen it in plants that grow on the ground and plants that grow on trees.

The female frog lays eggs in the small pools of water that sit in the leaves of the plants. The tadpoles hatch and swim in these pools. Scientists think it might also live in bromeliad plants in people's gardens but they haven't seen them there yet.

This frog is not in danger of dying out. Scientists say this is because it is good at living in places that humans have changed.

Star+

Star+ (stylized as ST★R+) is a streaming service owned by The Walt Disney Company. It was released on August 31, 2021 and is available for Latin America.

The platform has within its catalog television series, specials, shorts, documentaries, documentary series, general entertainment films from the studios owned by The Walt Disney Company, including Star+ Originals, Star Originals and live sporting events from ESPN.

Edmund Landau

Edmund Georg Hermann Landau (14 February 1877 – 19 February 1938) was a German mathematician. He worked in the fields of number theory and complex analysis.

He participated Landau Problems during the 1912 International Congress of Mathematicians.

Landau's problems

Landau's problems are four basic problems about prime numbers. They were listed at the 1912 International Congress of Mathematicians and presented by Edmund Landau.
These problems were presented in his speech as "unattackable at the present state of mathematics". They are as follows:


As of August 2022, all four problems are unresolved.

John Charles Fields

John Charles Fields, FRS (May 14, 1863 – August 9, 1932) was a Canadian mathematician. He is the founder of the Fields Medal for outstanding works in mathematics.

Jesse Douglas

Jesse Douglas (3 July 1897 – 7 September 1965) was an American mathematician. He is a Fields Medalist known for his general solution to Plateau's problem.

Caucher Birkar

Caucher Birkar FRS (Kurdish: کۆچەر بیرکار; born Fereydoun Derakhshani (Persian: فریدون درخشانی); July 1978) is an Iranian Kurdish mathematician and a professor at Tsinghua University and University of Cambridge.

During 2018 International Congress of Mathematicians, he was awarded a Fields Medal, although it was stolen few minutes after he got it.

Akshay Venkatesh

Akshay Venkatesh (born 21 November 1981) is an Australian mathematician and a professor (since 15 August 2018) at the School of Mathematics at the Institute for Advanced Study. His research interests are in the fields of counting, equidistribution problems in automorphic forms and number theory, in particular representation theory, locally symmetric spaces, ergodic theory, and algebraic topology.

Leelavati Award

The Leelavati Award is an award for outstanding contribution to public outreach in mathematics.

It was first given during 2010 International Congress of Mathematicians.


Artur Avila

Artur Avila Cordeiro de Melo (born 29 June 1979) is a Brazilian mathematician naturalized French. He works on dynamical systems and spectral theory. He is one of the winners of the 2014 Fields Medal, being the first Latin American and lusophone to win such an award.

Instituto Nacional de Matemática Pura e Aplicada

The Instituto Nacional de Matemática Pura e Aplicada (IMPA; English: National Institute for Pure and Applied Mathematics) is widely considered to be the foremost research and educational institution of Brazil in mathematics. It is in the city of Rio de Janeiro. It was formerly known simply as "Instituto de Matemática Pura e Aplicada", hence its official abbreviation "IMPA".

Artur Avila, a 2014 Fields Medalist, is a researcher at IMPA and received his Ph.D there. Among its researchers also are/were Jacob Palis, Elon Lages Lima, Maurício Peixoto, Manfredo do Carmo, Marcelo Viana, Welington de Melo, Enrique Pujals, Harold Rosenberg, Marcos Dajczer, Carlos Gustavo Moreira, Fernando Codá Marques, César Camacho, Arnaldo Garcia, Alfredo Noel Iusem, Karl-Otto Stöhr, Robert Morris, and Carolina Araujo.

Heleno de Freitas

Heleno de Freitas (12 February 1920 – 8 November 1959) was a Brazilian footballer. He played as a forward. 
Botafogo

Vasco da Gama

Santos

Brazil



Danny Yamashiro

Daniel Keauhou Matsu Yamashiro (born December 5, 1967) is an American minister and a chaplain at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He survived a 400-foot fall from the Nuʻuanu Pali in Honolulu, Hawaii, at the age of 18.

On December 22, 1985, Danny Yamashiro fell head first 300 feet. First responders tried to rescue him. They did not reach him in time. Later he fell another 100 feet. His second fall was filmed by television cameras. He had brain damage, a torn scalp, broken ankle, smashed organs, and cuts on his body. He was in a coma. He survived and became a Christian leader.

On May 25, 2017, Danny Yamashiro spoke at Harvard University Extension School's graduation. His speech was called, "Falling 400 Feet."

Rogue planet

A rogue planet is a planet that does not orbit a star.

Hold Me Closer

"Hold Me Closer" is a song by English singer Elton John and American singer Britney Spears. It was released August 26, 2022.  The song interpolates John's songs "Tiny Dancer", "The One", and "Don't Go Breaking My Heart".

It is Spears' first single of new material in six years and first since her release from her 13-year conservatorship.

Luiza Trajano

Luiza Helena Trajano Inácio Rodrigues (born 9 October 1948) is a Brazilian billionaire businessperson. Owner of one of the most famous stores in Brazil Mazine Luiza. In July 2020, "Forbes" noted that she was Brazil's wealthiest woman. As of April 2022, her net worth was estimated at US$1.4 billion.

Trajano was born in Franca in the state of São Paulo. She graduated in law from Faculdade de Direito de Franca (School of Law of Franca) in 1972.

Sitora Alimjanova

Sitora Alimjanova () is an Uzbek movie actress, singer.

Below is a chronologically ordered list of films in which Sitora Alimjanova has appeared.

Praise Fowowe

Praise Fowowe is a Nigerian speaker, author, sex educator and child abuse activist. He is the founder of Centre for Sex Education and Family Life.

Fowowe is the Principal consultant of Praise Fowowe International as well as the founder of The Institute of Family Engineering & Development Africa.
Praise Fowowe was a student of St Anthony's school, Ijebu-Imusin, Lagos State. After graduating from this school, he attended the Victory College Secondary School, Ikare Akoko. He graduated from the Accounting department at the University of Ado-Ekiti, Nigeria in 1995. He finished his National Youth Service Corp in 2001. 

Praise Fowowe has written some books on sex, parenting and family Life. 

"Out of the box parenting"- September 17th, 2018 

"Sex talkback" - March 26, 2014. 

"Common mistakes married men make" - October 7th 2014 

Praise Fowowe was listed as one of 100 most influential people in Christian ministry in Nigeria in 2020. 

Southern strategy

The southern strategy was a political strategy used by the United States Republican Party in the 1950s and 1960s. It was a plan to increase support for the Republican Party by appealing to racism in the southern states after the Jim Crow laws were stopped. It was used mostly by Barry Goldwater and Richard Nixon, and made the Republican Party become more Conservative.

Strange Days (The Doors album)

Strange Days is the second studio album by American hard rock band The Doors and was released on 25 September, 1967 through Elektra Records. It went to number 3 in the United States and was the follow up to their self-titled debut album.

All tracks are written by the Doors (Jim Morrison, Ray Manzarek, Robby Krieger, and John Densmore). Details are taken from the 1967 U.S. Elektra release; other releases may show different information.

Queen Radio: Volume 1

Queen Radio: Volume 1 is the first greatest hits album by Trinidadian-born rapper Nicki Minaj. It was released August 26, 2022, through Republic Records. It features several of her hit songs, such as "Super Bass", "Starships", "Pound the Alarm", "Your Love", and "Anaconda".

The album's lead single, "Super Freaky Girl", entered at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and became Minaj's third chart-topper (first as a soloist).

French motorcycle Grand Prix

The French motorcycle Grand Prix is a motorcycling event that is part of the World Motorcycle Racing season.

The Grand Prix was held on different circuits in its history: on the Charade Circuit (Puy-de-Dôme) between 1959 and 1967, Le Mans circuit on numerous occasions since 1969, alternating with the Paul Ricard Circuit at Le Castellet, used it for the first time in 1973, the Circuit Paul Armagnac in Nogaro in 1978 and 1982 and the Circuit de Nevers Magny-Cours once in 1992. Since 2000 the race has been held at Le Mans on the Bugatti Circuit.

Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul

Pimchanok Luevisadpaibul (; born 30 September 1992), nicknamed Baifern (; lit. "Fern Leaf"), is a Thai actress and model. She is best known for her lead role as Nam in the 2010 sleeper movie hit "Crazy Little Thing Called Love" with co-star Mario Maurer. She has been a freelance actress since 2016.

Harlem Globetrotters (TV series)

Harlem Globetrotters is a Saturday morning cartoon produced by Hanna-Barbera and CBS Productions. It features animated versions of players from the basketball team of the same name.

Anjir Liton

Anjir Liton (Bengali: আনজীর লিটন) is a Bangladeshi rhymester, poet and Children's Writer. He won Bangla Academy Literary Award for His Children's Writings. He is the Director-General of Bangladesh Shishu Academy. 


Bis-Quits

The Bis-Quits is an American roots rock band formed in 1992.


Rashed Rouf

Rashed Rouf is a Bangladeshi Poet, Novelist, Author, Journalist and editor. He was Awarded By Bangla Academy Literary Award.

Moussa Kounfolo Yeo

Moussa Kounfolo Yeo (born 1 June 2004) is a Malian football player. He plays for FC Liefering in Austria's second league as midfielder on loan from FC Red Bull Salzburg.
Yeo started his career with Guidars FC in Mali. In August 2022 he went to FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. He was then loaned to FC Liefering in the Second league.

He debuted for Liefering in 19 August 2022 versus SKU Amstetten where he was part of the starting team. In April 2023 he made his debut in Salzburg's professional squad against SK Sturm Graz.

FC Lugano

FC Lugano is a Swiss football club from Lugano. The club was newly founded as AC Lugano in 2004 because of the relegation and the financial situation of FC Lugano, which was founded in 1908. In 2008 went back to his original name, FC Lugano. They play at the Stadio Cornaredo. They have played in what is now the Swiss Super League during the periods of 1922–53, 1954–60, 1961–63, 1964–76, 1979–80, 1988–97, 1998–02 and from 2015 until present.

Football Club Lugano was formed on 28 July 1908 . The team won its first Swiss Cup in 1931. The following decade, FC Lugano was able to win 3 national titles (1938, 1941 and 1949).

In 1968, Lugano won the Swiss Cup and participated in the Cup Winners' Cup. Two years later the team took part in the UEFA Cup.
In 1993 Lugano won its third Cup against Grasshoppers and played Cup Winners' Cup. In the 1995–96 season, Lugano participated in the UEFA Cup, eliminating Jeunesse Hautcharage in the first round and Inter Milan in the second.

The club was declared bankrupt in 2003 and removed from the league. Due to the bankruptcy, the team was renamed AC Lugano and played with under-21 players because they were forced to sell or release the senior team to pay the club's debts. In 2004 the club merged with Malcantone Agno and the team should play in the Swiss Challenge League. 

On 4 June 2008 when the club became 100 years old the general meeting of shareholders voted on a name change. The historical name of Football Club Lugano was used again. In 2015 FC Lugano was promoted to the Swiss Super League.

On August 18, 2021, it was announced that American billionaire and owner of the Chicago Fire FC, Joe Mansueto had purchased FC Lugano and that the Fire and FC Lugano work together as sister clubs. On 1 September 2021, assistant coach Mattia Croci-Torti took over coaching duties at the club, replacing Abel Braga. The first season under new ownership was successful winning the 2021–22 Swiss Cup.

Google Allo

Google Allo was an instant messaging mobile app by Google. It was made for the Android and iOS mobile operating systems.

Raúl Leoni

Raúl Leoni Otero (26 April 1905 – 5 July 1972) was the President of Venezuela from 1964 until 1969. He was a member of the Generation of 1928 and a charter member of the Acción Democrática party, and the first Labor minister of Venezuela (during El Trienio Adeco, 1945–48).
Raúl Leoni was married to Carmen América Fernández, who served as First Lady of Venezuela from 1964–1969 and has one son named Álvaro. Leoni died on 5 July 1972 when he was 67 years old, at the Cornell Medical Center in New York City, where he was recovering from medical treatment after suffering a hemorrhage.

United Express Flight 6291

United Express Flight 6291 was a scheduled United Express flight from Washington Dulles International Airport near Washington, D.C. to Port Columbus International Airport in Columbus, Ohio. On January 7, 1994, this flight suffered an accident, killing 5 of the 8 people on board the plane.

It was a service operated by Atlantic Coast Airlines on behalf of United Express. The two pilots, the flight attendant, and two passengers died in the crash.

The crash of Flight 6291 was covered in "Slam Dunk", a Season 19 episode of the internationally syndicated Canadian TV documentary series "Air Crash Investigation".

Suicide by pilot

Suicide by pilot is an aviation event in which a pilot deliberately crashes or attempts to crash an aircraft in a suicide attempt, sometimes to kill passengers on board or people on the ground. This is sometimes described as a murder–suicide.

U.S. regulations require at least two flight crew members to be in the cockpit at all times for safety reasons, to be able to help in any medical or other emergency, including intervening if a crew member tries to crash the plane. Following the deliberate crash of Germanwings Flight 9525 on March 24, 2015, some European, Canadian and Japanese airlines adopted a two-in-cockpit policy as did all Australian airlines for aircraft with 50 or more passenger seats.

Luis Herrera Campins

Luis Antonio Herrera Campins (4 May 1925 – 9 November 2007) was the President of Venezuela from 1979 to 1984. He was elected to one five-year term in 1978. He was a member of COPEI, a Christian Democratic party.

Sorbonne Nouvelle University Paris 3

The Sorbonne Nouvelle University is a French university located in Paris founded in 1971.

The university mainly provides courses in letters, language sciences, languages, performing arts, communication and European studies (multidisciplinary history, economics, law and political science). Ranked in the top 50 of the best language universities in the world in the highly reputable QS World University Rankings in 2021, it is also one of the best universities in the country in many fields.



Billy Campbell

Billy Campbell (born July 7, 1959) is an American movie and television actor. 
He first gained attention for his role as Luke Fuller in the TV series "Dynasty". Then he became known for playing
His most notable movies include 

Enough (movie)

Enough is a 2002 American thriller movie directed by Michael Apted. The movie is based on the 1998 novel "Black and Blue", by Anna Quindlen, which was a "New York Times" bestseller. 

It stars Jennifer Lopez as Slim, an abused wife who learns to fight back. "Enough" got negative reviews from critics on its release. Although it is now often cited as an underrated thriller.

Dan Futterman

Dan Futterman (born June 8, 1967) is an American actor, screenwriter, and producer.
Futterman wrote the screenplay for the movie "Capote". Then he had an Academy Award nomination, an Independent Spirit, Boston Society of Film Critics, and Los Angeles Film Critics Association awards. He got another Academy Award nomination for co-writing the script to "Foxcatcher" in 2014.

Nicholas Kazan

Nicholas Kazan (born September 15, 1945) is an American screenwriter, movie producer and movie director.


David Arnold

David Arnold (born 23 January 1962) is an English movie composer. 
His credits include scoring 
Arnold also scored the BBC / Amazon Prime series "Good Omens" (2019) adapted by Neil Gaiman from his book "Good Omens", written with Terry Pratchett.
For "Independence Day" he had a Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Composition Written for a Motion Picture or for Television. For "Sherlock" he, and co-composer Michael Price, won a Creative Arts Emmy for the score of "His Last Vow", the final episode in the third series. Arnold is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors.

Arnold stated composers like Ennio Morricone, Nino Rota, Bernard Herrmann, Lalo Schifrin, John Barry, Angelo Badalamenti and Jerry Goldsmith as influences.

Rogier Stoffers

Rogier Stoffers, ASC (born 9 November 1961) is a Dutch cinematographer. He is known for his works in movies and television, shooting movies like "Quills", "John Q.", "School of Rock", and "Disturbia". He has been nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award and an ASC Award. He is the recipient of a Golden Frog award from the prestigious Camerimage Film Festival.

Noah Wyle

Noah Wyle (born June 4, 1971) is an American actor.
He is best known for his role as John Carter in the television series "ER" (1994–2009). This earned him nominations for three Golden Globe Awards and five Primetime Emmy Awards. 

He is also known for his roles as:
He has appeared in movies such as "A Few Good Men" (1992), "Pirates of Silicon Valley" (1999), "Donnie Darko" (2001), and "W." (2008).

Just Dance 2016

Just Dance 2016 is a 2015 dance video game developed and published by Ubisoft. It was first revealed on June 15, 2015, during Ubisoft's E3 press conference. It is the seventh main game in the series. It was released in October 2015 for PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, Wii, and Wii U. A sequel, "Just Dance 2017", was released on October 25, 2016.

Edgar Sanabria

Edgar Sanabria Arcia (3 October 1911 – 24 April 1989) was a Venezuelan lawyer, diplomat, and politician. He served as the acting President of Venezuela from 1958 to 1959.

Wolfgang Larrazábal

Rear Admiral Wolfgang Enrique Larrazábal Ugueto (5 March 1911 – 27 February 2003) was a Venezuelan naval officer and politician. He served as the President of Venezuela following the overthrow of Marcos Pérez Jiménez on 23 January 1958. He resigned later that year to run in the 1958 presidential election, but lost to former president Rómulo Betancourt.

Marcos Pérez Jiménez

Marcos Evangelista Pérez Jiménez (25 April 1914 – 20 September 2001) was a Venezuelan military and general officer of the Army of Venezuela and the dictator of Venezuela from 1950 to 1958, ruling as member of the military junta from 1950 to 1952 and as President from 1952 to 1958.

He took part in the 1948 coup d'état, becoming part of the ruling junta. He ran in the 1952 election. However, the junta cancelled the election when early results indicated that the opposition was ahead, and declared Jiménez provisional president. He became president in 1953 and instituted a constitution that granted him dictatorial powers.

Phyllodytes gyrinaethes

Phyllodytes gyrinaethes is a frog. It lives in Brazil in the state of Alagoas. People have seen it as high as 710 meters above sea level.

Scientists have seen this frog on the ground and on bromeliad plants. Sometimes the bromeliad plants grow on the ground, and sometimes they grow on trees. This frog is usually between 0.8 and 10.0 meters above the ground. These frogs live on smaller bromeliad plants. Scientists sometimes see more than one adult frog and tadpole on the same bromeliad together.

Scientists have seen this frog in the parts of forests that are still there after the rest of the forest is gone. Scientists say human beings change the places where it lives to build towns, build farms, get wood to build with, and make places for animals to eat grass. Human beings also take away the bromeliad plants that the frogs need.

Myr

In writing about prehistory, years are often grouped together in units of one million. Million years ago or megaannum may be abbreviated as mya, myr or Ma.

Glitch art

Glitch art is a kind of art where digital errors are considered aesthetic. 

Early glitches used in media art (for example, "Digital TV Dinner" released in 1978). This video was adopted by contemporary "glitch artists".

Icarus (2010 movie)

Icarus is a 2010 Canadian action movie directed by Dolph Lundgren (who also stars) and also starring David Lewis, Samantha Ferris, Bo Svenson, Stefanie von Pfetten, Monique Ganderton, Dan Payne. It was distributed by Anchor Bay Films.


Australian burrowing scorpion

The Australian burrowing scorpions are in the genus Urodacus, which are also known as the Australian burrowers. Species from this genus often include the Black rock scorpion, Desert scorpion, Rainforest scorpion, and many other species. 
The desert scorpion is the world's burrower species in Australia. 

Jonny Quest

Jonny Quest is a science fiction-adventure media franchise.

Uruguay v Brazil (1950 FIFA World Cup)

The match between Uruguay and Brazil was the game of the final stage at the 1950 FIFA World Cup. It was played at the Maracanã Stadium in the then-capital of Brazil, Rio de Janeiro, on 16 July 1950.

<section begin=FR-6 /><section end=FR-6 />
<section begin=Lineups />

</includeonly><section end=Lineups />
Match rules


Doraemon: Nobita's Little Star Wars 2021

The movie was released in theaters on 4 March 2022 in Japan after being postponed from 5 March 2021 due to COVID-19 pandemic.



1953 South American Championship

The South American Championship 1953 was a football tournament held in Peru. It was won by Paraguay with Brazil second. Argentina, and Colombia withdrew from the tournament. Francisco Molina from Chile became top scorer of the tournament with 7 goals.

7 Goals

5 Goals

4 Goals

3 Goals

2 Goals

1 Goal


Nissan Stadium

Nissan Stadium may refer to:


FC Winterthur

FC Winterthur is a Swiss football club from Winterthur. They play in the Swiss Super League. Their homeground is the Stadion Schützenwiese.

The club was founded in 1896 by students of the local school of engineering. After a fusion with two local teams it was called "Vereinigte Fussballclubs Winterthur" between 1929 and 1946. In the early part of the 20th century they won the Swiss Championship three times (in 1906, 1908, 1917). 1934 they were relegated till 1950. They have since stayed in the second division for most of their history. The club reached the final of the Swiss League Cup in 1972 and 1973 and Swiss Cup in 1968 and 1975 but lost all these matches.

The club play at Stadion Schützenwiesenear the centre of Winterthur. In the 1980s the ownership was transferred to Winterthur council due to financial problems. The stadium has 8,550 seats. 1,900 are seated. The supporters of the club stand at the Bierkurve. They also have a small stand for younger supporters known as the Sirupkurve. 




Minetest

Minetest is a free and open-source game, created by Perttu Ahola. It is just like Minecraft but it can be freely played. The original author of "Minetest" simply described it as a ""Minecraft" clone".

In the default game of "Minetest", Minetest Game (MTG for short), players explore a 3D world made from cubic blocks. Players may discover and extract raw materials, craft tools and items, and build structures and landscapes. Players can change the game settings to fight computer-controlled "mobs", as well as cooperate with or compete against other players in the same world. The game can be played with mods, which edits the gameplay.

As the game developed over the years, "Minetest" has been praised and is a popular game. Since November 2013, "Minetest" has been downloaded over 1.4 million times from GitHub, and the Android version of "Minetest" has over 500 thousand downloads on the Google Play store.

"Minetest" is set in a world full of blocks shaped like cubes. Gameplay is in the first-person camera for normal, but players also have the option for third-person camera. The game world is composed of in-game 3D objects, many of them are just simple cubes, commonly called nodes. Different in-game nodes (blocks) represent different materials, such as dirt, stone, ores, tree trunks, water, and lava. The core gameplay revolves around picking up and placing these objects, one node at a time. Nodes are arranged in a 3D grid, while players can move smoothly around the world. Players can mine blocks and then place them somewhere else, granting the permission to them to change (modify) the game world. Players can also craft a wide variety of hand-held tools to help them with the world change. Pickaxes allow players to dig rocky nodes, shovels speed up the digging of dirt and sand, water buckets allow to pick up water nodes, etc. A player controls a 3D character known as Sam, which is first-letter acronym for "Sam ain't Minecraft".
As players explore the world, new areas are officially generated by using a map seed randomly or choosed by the player. A new game puts the player in the center of a voxel cube 62 thousand blocks across, so the player can travel 31 thousand blocks in any direction like sideways, up, or down before reaching the invisible wall (the barrier) at the end of the world.

The world is divided into biomes ranging from deserts to jungles to snowfields; the terrain includes plains, mountains, forests, caves, and various lava and water bodies. The in-game time system follows a day and night cycle, and one full cycle lasts 20 real-time minutes just like Minecraft.

Minetest provides only two basic game mode options: Enable Damage and Creative Mode which affect how players interact with the world and use items. Creative Mode is meant to provide players with infinite resources, while toggling the damage setting decides whether the players can take damage from environmental hazards and other players.

Minetest has a built-in client-server architecture, and can be played solo or multiplayer. A player starting a new game can choose between playing in a single-player mode, or hosting a server to which other Minetest players can connect.

The full source code of Minetest, and all of its artistic assets such as textures and sounds, are distributed under a variety of free licenses, making it easier to create changed versions and derivatives. The base version of Minetest provides an interface for games and mods written in Lua. Games define the basic rules of the game world, and are a core feature of Minetest. Most games feature sandbox gameplay focused on construction, mining, and creativity. Mods are used to further customize different parts of gameplay, and are an permanent part of Minetest. Mods are server-side and work out of the box when playing on Internet servers, with no manual installation needed.

Limestone, Maine

Limestone is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Linneus, Maine

Linneus is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Littleton, Maine

Littleton is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Ludlow, Maine

Ludlow is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Open Road

Open Road may refer to:


Mapleton, Maine

Mapleton is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Mars Hill, Maine

Mars Hill is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Masardis, Maine

Masardis is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Merrill, Maine

Merrill is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Monticello, Maine

Monticello is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

New Canada, Maine

New Canada is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

New Limerick, Maine

New Limerick is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

New Sweden, Maine

New Sweden is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Oakfield, Maine

Oakfield is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Orient, Maine

Orient is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Perham, Maine

Perham is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Portage Lake, Maine

Portage Lake is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

St. Agatha, Maine

St. Agatha is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

St. Francis, Maine

St. Francis is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Sherman, Maine

Sherman is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Smyrna, Maine

Smyrna is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Stockholm, Maine

Stockholm is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Van Buren, Maine

Van Buren is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Wade, Maine

Wade is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Wallagrass, Maine

Wallagrass is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Washburn, Maine

Washburn is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Westfield, Maine

Westfield is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Westmanland, Maine

Westmanland is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Weston, Maine

Weston is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Woodland, Aroostook County, Maine

Woodland is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Bridgton, Maine

Bridgton is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

2022 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup

2022 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup will be the seventh edition of the youth tournament for women under the age of 17. It was held in India from 11 to 30 October.

A total of 16 teams qualify for the final tournament. In addition to the hosts, 15 teams qualify from six continental competitions.

On 13 April 2022, FIFA confirmed 3 host cities in 3 Indian states:

The official draw took place on 24 June 2022, 12:00 local time CEST () at the FIFA headquarters in Zürich, Switzerland. The teams were allocated based on their performances in the 5 previous U-17 Women's World Cups, five bonus points are added to each of the confederation's current champions that won the respective qualifying tournament (for this cycle).
The original hosts India were automatically assigned to position A1. Teams of the same confederation could not meet in the group stage.

Players born between 1 January 2005 and 31 December 2007 are eligible to compete in the tournament.

The draw for the group stage took place on 24 June 2022.

The top two teams of each group advance to the quarter-finals. The format for tiebreakers are determined as follows:

If two or more teams are equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings are determined as follows:
All times are local, IST ().

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

In the knockout stages, if a match was level at the end of normal playing time, a penalty shoot-out was used to determine the winner (no extra time was played).

Dart (missile)

A dart is a small pointed missile that can be thrown or fired.


Dart

Dart or DART may refer to:


Víctor Paz Estenssoro

Ángel Víctor Paz Estenssoro (2 October 1907 – 7 June 2001) was a Bolivian politician who served as the 45th President of Bolivia for three nonconsecutive and four total terms from 1952 to 1956, 1960 to 1964 and 1985 to 1989. He ran for president eight times (1947, 1951, 1960, 1964, 1978, 1979, 1980 and 1985) and was victorious in 1951, 1960, 1964 and 1985. His 1951 victory was annulled by a military junta led by Hugo Ballivián, and his 1964 victory was interrupted by the 1964 Bolivian coup d'état.

Germán Suárez Flamerich

Germán Suárez Flamerich (10 April 1907 – 24 June 1990) was the President of Venezuela from 1950 to 1952.

Flamerich was a lawyer, college professor, diplomat, and politician.

He was president of the Government Junta from 1950 to 1952, after the assassination of Carlos Delgado Chalbaud.

2008 Mexico City Learjet crash

The 2008 México City Learjet Crash, occurred on November 4, 2008. A Learjet 45 executive plane crashed in a financial zone of the city before landing. It was a flight from San Luis Potosí to Mexico City. Juan Camilo Mouriño, government secretary on duty— and 16 more people died; thirteen at the scene of the accident and three more at the hospital.

Before starting the approach procedure to runway 05 right of the Mexico City International Airport, the pilot of the Learjet 45 did not reduce the speed of his aircraft to 180 knots before crossing the VOR Mateo, as instructed by the air traffic controller. He stayed above 250 knots, very high for the air corridor. Although the pilot instructed to reduce his speed, he never complied with it.

The high speed by the Learjet, piloted by Captain Álvaro Sánchez Jiménez, caused it to come dangerously close to a Mexicana Boeing 767-300 heavy passenger plane, coming from Buenos Aires, and enter the wake of turbulence, destabilizing and shooting down the small aircraft.
The accident and subsequent investigation were featured in Season 14 – Episode 8 of documentary series Air Crash Investigation. The episode was titled "Inner City Carnage" in the United Kingdom and Australia and "Accident or Assassination" in the United States and Canada.


Blue Ivy Carter

Blue Ivy Carter (born January 7, 2012) is the daughter of pop singer Beyoncé and rapper Jay-Z.

Carlos Soublette

Carlos Valentín José de la Soledad Antonio del Sacramento de Soublette y Jerez de Aristeguieta (15 December 1789 – 11 February 1870) was the President of Venezuela from 1837 to 1839 and 1843 to 1847 and a hero of the Venezuelan War of Independence.

1953 South American Championship Final

The final of the 1953 South American Championship was held between Brazil and Paraguay.

Serial Peripheral Interface

The Serial Peripheral Interface (SPI) is a synchronous serial communication interface specification. It is used for short-distance communication, primarily in embedded systems. SPI devices communicate in full duplex mode using a master-slave architecture.

The master (controller) device originates the for reading and writing. The SPI may be accurately described as a synchronous serial interface. But it is different from the Synchronous Serial Interface (SSI) protocol.

The interface was developed by in the mid-1980s. Later it has become a "de facto" standard.





Rómulo Gallegos

Rómulo Ángel del Monte Carmelo Gallegos Freire (2 August 1884 – 5 April 1969) was a Venezuelan novelist and politician. For a period of nine months during 1948, he governed as the first freely elected president in Venezuela's history. He was removed from power by military officers in the 1948 Venezuelan coup.

Rómulo Gallegos is considered the most relevant Venezuelan novelist of the 20th century, and a prominent figure in Latin American literature.

Carlos Delgado Chalbaud

Carlos Román Delgado Chalbaud Gómez (20 January 1909 – 13 November 1950) was a Venezuelan career military officer.
He was the President of Venezuela from 1948 to 1950 as leader of a military junta.
In 1945, he was one of the high-ranking officers who brought to power the Democratic Action party by a coup d'état.
In 1948, as a Minister of Defense, he led another military coup and lingered as the President until his assassination in Caracas.

Isaías Medina Angarita

Isaías Medina Angarita (6 July 1897 – 15 September 1953) was a Venezuelan military and political leader, the President of Venezuela from 1941 until 1945, during World War II.

He followed the path of his predecessor Eleazar López Contreras, and ruled the country's democratic transition process.

Manuel Ezequiel Bruzual

Manuel Ezequiel Bruzual (Santa Marta, Colombia, 1830 – Curaçao, 15 August 1868), was a military leader committed to liberal ideas, also in charge of the War and Navy Ministry in 1864, and in 1868 was designated provisional President of Venezuela.

Bank of the City of Buenos Aires

The Bank of the City of Buenos Aires ("Banco Ciudad de Buenos Aires"), doing business as Banco Ciudad, is a publicly owned, municipal commercial bank in Buenos Aires, Argentina.


Banco Credicoop

Banco Credicoop ("Creditco-op Bank") is an Argentine cooperative bank. After the 2001 crisis in Argentina, it became the second private bank in the country behind Banco Macro Bansud and the first with completely national public capital. It is the most important cooperative bank in Latin America.

Banco Credicoop has its origin in the Credit Unions. In 1976 the Argentinean military government tried to eliminate credit unions, an area of ​​the cooperative sector. This prompted a defensive action that led to the merger of credit cooperatives in order to survive, giving rise to Banco Credicoop in 1979, from the merger of the 44 credit unions that existed in the Capital and in Greater Buenos Aires. Aires, some of which had been created in the early 20th century.
Towards the mid-1940s, with the election of Juan Domingo Perón, the Credit Unions began to reflect the industrial development that took place in the country, originating an accelerated growth and diversification of the sectors served.

Starting in 1958, the creation of the Cooperative Funds Mobilization Institute (IMFC) as a second-tier cooperative caused a real explosion in the number and geographical dispersion of the entities. From that moment, the cooperative credit unions developed a new type of operation based on capturing resources through sight accounts, compensated by a national clearinghouse of payment orders. 

This allowed them to dispose of between 9% and 11% of the total deposits in the financial system, which the savings banks channeled to finance small and medium-sized companies, cooperatives and individuals. The development of cooperativism in a sector as sensitive as the financial one provoked the early opposition of national and foreign banks, as well as sectors of the big bourgeoisie, which generated a series of regulations and restrictive actions on the part of the Argentine State that reached their culminating point from the coup d'état of 1966.

The civic-military dictatorship that governed Argentina between June 1966 and March 1973 –which intended to reorganize Argentine society– attacked credit cooperatives in their double character: as a financial company oriented to the development of small and medium-sized national companies, wage earners and entities of the social economy, a sector that had no place in the economic plans of the self-proclaimed “Argentine Revolution”; and as a social movement that had to freeze its activity –along with all the other social and political institutions of the country– during the stage of “economic time” imposed by the dictatorship. In short, of the 974 credit unions that operated in 1966, only 417 were able to survive the dictatorship. Their share of total deposits in the financial system had fallen from more than 10% to just under 2%.

Banco Galicia

Banco Galicia is a private bank of Argentina. It belongs to the Grupo Financiero Galicia. It was founded in 1905 as Banco de Galicia y Buenos Aires, and traditionally its Board of Directors was made up of members of the Escasany, Ayerza and Braun Menéndez families. Its shares began trading on the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange in 1907.

Banco Galicia was founded in 1905 by a group of businessmen from the Galician community in Argentina, and in 1907 its shares began trading on the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange. In 2000, Grupo Financiero Galicia was created and became the controlling company of the Bank, acquiring 100% of its shares in 2014.

The commercial network grew significantly at the end of the 1950s and continued to expand to the 326 branches it has today, developing its potential and earning its reputation as an innovative bank, currently considered a leader and reference within the national banking industry.

In the late 1950s, Banco Galicia launched the capital investment fund FIMA Acciones and founded the predecessor of the asset manager Galicia Asset Managment.

As part of its growth strategy, Banco Galicia began to expand into rural areas in the interior of the country, where it was believed that there was high growth potential. Access to financial services in the interior was limited compared to Buenos Aires and its surroundings, and its population used fewer banking services.

In 1979, it launched the first ATM network in the country, together with 4 of the main banks in the financial system. In order to expand its network throughout Argentina, in 1986 Banco Galicia offered to open 13 branches with ATMs in the province of Santiago del Estero in exchange for placing the Bank's characteristic symbol on the province's flag, as well as It is how today the cross of Santiago can be seen on the provincial flag.

Between 1995 and 1999, Banco Galicia acquired shareholdings in various entities and formed several non-banking companies that provided financial services -mainly through the issuance of own-brand credit cards- and insurance.

In 2000, it launched the first Internet financial portal in Argentina and in 2006 the first payment service through a bank's cell phone in Argentina.

After being significantly affected by a deep economic and financial crisis in 2001 and 2002, Banco Galicia managed to recover to resume its leadership position. It is currently one of the main banks in the Argentine financial system, being the most important among those in the private sector with national controlling capitals.


Open English

Open English is an online English school. In 2014, the school had 100,000 students in the Spanish speaking world.

Andrés Moreno, Nicolette Rankin and Wilmer Samiento, co-founded Open English in Caracas, Venezuela in September 2006. In 2009, Rankin and Moreno moved the company to Miami, Florida. Moreno played the English student and Rankin played the English teacher in their homemade commercials for Open English.

From 2010 to 2013, the company raised $120 million in VC funding, including $69 million in 2013 from venture firm Technology Crossover Ventures (TCV).

In 2013, co-founder Rankin left Open English and co-founded another online school, Next University. In 2015, Next University was acquired by Open English.

1949 South American Championship

The 1949 South American Championship was the 21st. edition of the Copa América, the main national team football competition in South America. It was held in, and won by, Brazil. Paraguay finished as runner-up while Argentina withdrew from the tournament.

This achievement ended a 27-year streak without official titles for the Brazilians. The last one had been in the 1922 South American Championship, also played on Brazilian soil. Jair da Rosa Pinto from Brazil was the top scorer of the tournament, with nine goals.

For a complete list of participating squads, see: "1949 South American Championship squads"

A playoff match was played between Brazil and Paraguay to determine the champion.

9 goals

7 goals

5 goals

4 goals

3 goals

2 goals

1 goal

Own goals


1949 South American Championship Final

The 1949 South American Championship Final was the final match to determine the winner of the 1949 South American Championship, the 21st. edition of this continental competition. It was held on May 11, 1949, in Estádio São Januário of Rio de Janeiro. Brazil hosted the tournament after 27 years.

Brazil had won all its previous matches, thrashing their rivals in all of them (totalising 36 goals in 5 games). Nevertheless, the 2–1 loss to Paraguay caused both teams tied on points so a final match had to be played to crown a champion. 

On the other hand, the Paraguay side had a strong team with such notable players, regarded by some journalists as the best of its history. In fact, the Paraguayan side achieved some notable results such as the 2nd place in the previous edition.

Brazil won the match against Paraguay, thrashing them by 7–0 and winning its 3rd. continental title.


Phyllodytes maculosus

Phyllodytes maculosus is a frog. It lives in Brazil. It lives in the forest in Bahia and Minas Gerais. People have seen it between 77 and 837 meters above sea level.

This frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a big area. This frog lives in the rainforest. This frog lives in bromeliad plants that grow on tree branches high in the place where the tree branches come together like a roof. The female frog lays eggs on the leaves of the bromeliad plants. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water in the bromeliad plant, where they swim and grow.

Scientists say the big danger to the frog was all the cutting down of the forest that happened during the past hundred years, but this has slowed down. Now, much of what was forest is now farms and places for animals to eat grass. But in the 1980s, human beings started growing tree farms, which is not as bad for tree frogs.

Tomb Raider (movie)

Tomb Raider is a 2018 action-adventure movie. It was directed by Roar Uthaug. It is based on the 2013 video game "Tomb Raider". It stars Alicia Vikander as Lara Croft.


Column (formation)

A military column is a formation of soldiers where one group of soldiers stand in front of the other.


Ehwaz

Ehwaz (ᛖ) is the Elder Futhark rune for the letter "e" and horse. Elder Futhark runes were created by the Vikings. The literal meaning is horse but it has a deeper meaning.

Ehwaz may mean travel. This is because horses were used to travel by the Vikings. Ehwaz can also mean loyalty or trust. Horses are normally loyal to their owners.

Battle of Five Forks

The Battle of Five Forks was fought on April 1, 1865, southwest of Petersburg, Virginia, near the Five Forks, at the end of the Siege of Petersburg, and at the end of the American Civil War.

Jo Nesbø

Jo Nesbø (; born Jon Nesbø; 29 March 1960) is a Norwegian writer, musician, economist, and former footballer and journalist . More than 3 million copies of his novels had been sold in Norway as of March 2014. His books have been translated into over 50 languages, and by 2021 had sold some 50 million copies worldwide. This had made him the most successful Norwegian author of all time.

Nesbø is best known for writing crime novels featuring Inspector . However, in 2007 he released his first children's book, "Doktor Proktors Prompepulver" (English translation: ). He also had his book "Hodejegerne" (English translation: The Headhunters) turned into the 2011 action thriller film of the same name. Nesbø has also had the idea for the Norweigian political thriller TV series "Okkupert" (English translation: Occupied). 

Nesbø is also the main singer and songwriter for the Norwegian rock band , which started in 1992. Nesbø's brother, Knut Nesbø, used to be a guitarist for the band. The band was awarded the Gammleng-prisen, a Norwegian culture award, in 1996. They have also had a number one record chart with "Jenter & sånn" in 1994.

Yang Seungkyu

Yang Seungkyu (; born 1980) is a South Korean architect.

He majored in architectural engineering in college, worked in an architectural office, and learned architectural design. He participated in the expansion of 's Yangjae-dong Research Center and the construction of a new subway station in Shenzhen, China (Ling Zhi Station, Fan Shen Station). After that, he worked for a construction IT venture and was in charge of development and planning of BIM software. He participated in monthly CAD & Graphics as a professional writing, focusing on CAD know-how based on architectural practice. In 2013, he obtained a qualification as a registerd architect and joined in 2014. He participated as the construction foreman of the substation building that supplies electricity to the main stadium of the and participated as a torchbearer. At the 2019 Digital Architecture Competition, he won the best award of the year for his entry of "Power Facility BIM VR, AR". He obtained a master's degree in engineering with a paper titled "A Study on the Correlation between Urban Decline and Power Usage". He wrote "Introduction to BIM: Revit Guidebook" and "The Cakewalk Series – AutoCAD for Practical Business("Follow AutoCAD in action")" and participated in the mentoring book "How did they come to architects?".










Honduras national under-17 football team

Honduras national under-17 football team is the national football team from Honduras and has been to the FIFA U-17 World Cup five times with their best result when they reached the quarter-finals in 2013.

Jimmy Nolen

Jimmy Nolen (April 3, 1934 – December 18, 1983) was an American guitarist. He was known for his distinctive "chicken scratch", which is lead guitar playing in James Brown's bands. 

In its survey of "The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time," the English magazine "Mojo" ranks Nolen number twelve.


Alexia Putellas

Alexia Putellas Segura (born 4 February 1994) is a Catalan professional footballer. She plays as a midfielder for Barcelona, whom she captains, and for the Spain women's national football team. Before this, she played for Espanyol and Levante, and she has represented Catalonia. By 2022, she had won all the major awards available to a European player, both individually and with her club. People widely consider her the best female footballer in the world right now and one of the greatest of all time. In 2022, a football reporter named Asif Burhan mentioned how her dedication to the sport has changed women's football. She has been playing for Barcelona since 2012, after spending most of her younger years with Espanyol. With Barcelona, she has achieved a lot: seven league titles, seven Copas de la Reina, and two UEFA Women's Champions League trophies. In the 2020-21 season, she played a key role in helping Barcelona win the Champions League and two other major titles for the first time in their history. In recognition of her outstanding performance, she won several awards in 2021, including UEFA Women's Player of the Year, Ballon d'Or Féminin, and The Best FIFA Women's Player - a feat that no one had accomplished before in a single year.

As of 2022, she's the second player with the most appearances for Barcelona, just behind Melanie Serrano. She's also the second-highest all-time scorer for the club, after Jennifer Hermoso. Moreover, she holds the record for the most appearances for Spain with 104 caps, surpassing Marta Torrejón's previous record of 90 caps in 2021.

Putellas was really close to her dad. Even though he was sick with heart problems when she played for Levante, he always came to see her games in Valencia. She thought about studying medicine to help him. He died in 2012, just before an important tournament.

When she scores a goal, she points to the sky to remember him. She mostly speaks Catalan, learned Spanish in school when she was young, and started learning English in the 2020s. She has a pet dog named Nala, a Pomeranian, who even has an Instagram account.

She doesn't talk much about her relationships, but she did share on social media about being with her teammate Jennifer Hermoso. They even joined an event called Madrid Pride together. After winning the Champions League in 2023, a video of Putellas meeting her girlfriend in the stands became super popular on TikTok.

Putellas has lots of tattoos. Some have Latin sayings, like "Work conquers all." She also has symbols like a Hand of Fatima and an Eye of Horus, plus a Barcelona tile with "Made in" written on it. She's got a football, the number 112 (combining her first Spain shirt number, 12, and her famous shirt number, 11), and a drawing of her dad holding her as a baby and giving her a football.

Levadiakos F.C.

Levadiakos Football Club is a Greek professional football club from Livadeia, Greece. The club plays in the Super League Greece.

Levadiakos started in 1961 when local clubs Trofonios and Pallevadiaki connected to a greater club. Levadiakos played in the second division being close to relegation in almost every season. In May 1987 they were promoted to Alpha Ethniki . Levadiakos stayed there only for four seasons. After their second relegation the club even went to the 3rd division of Greece. After ten years in 2005 they were promoted again but was immediately relegated. In the next summer Levadiakos bought many expensive players and appointed Georgi Vasilev as manager. The team was promoted again. After relegation 2019 they came back in 2022.

Levadiakos' stadium was built in 1952. The stadium is located in Livadeia, about 130 km north-west of Athens.

Best position in bold.

Key: 1R = First Round, 2R = Second Round, 3R = Third Round, 4R = Fourth Round, 5R = Fifth Round, GS = Group Stage, QF = Quarter-finals, SF = Semi-finals.


Juliet of the Spirits

Juliet of the Spirits () is a 1965 Italian French fantasy comedy-drama movie directed by Federico Fellini and starring Giulietta Masina, Sandra Milo, Mario Pisu, Valentina Cortese, Valeska Gert, Friedrich von Ledebur, Caterina Boratto, George Ardisson, Anne Francine. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1967.


Welcome Bay

Welcome Bay is a suburb in Tauranga, New Zealand. Neighbouring suburbs include Hairini and Maungatapu. There are several schools in Welcome Bay including three primary schools.

Zoran Đinđić

Zoran Đinđić (1 August 1952 – 12 March 2003) was a Serbian politician. He was Prime Minister of Serbia from 2001 until we was assassinated in 2003.

He was the mayor of Belgrade in 1997, and long-time opposition politician.

Johnny Ruffo

John Patrick Ruffo (8 March 1988 – 10 November 2023) was an Australian singer, songwriter, dancer, actor and television presenter. He finished third during the third season of the Australian version of "The X Factor" in 2011. He won the twelfth season of "Dancing with the Stars" in 2012.

After appearing on "The X Factor", Ruffo signed with Sony Music Australia. His singles include "On Top", "Take It Home" and "Untouchable". He also had acting roles in the soap operas "Home and Away" and "Neighbours".

Ruffo was born in Balcatta, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia. In 2017, he was diagnosed with brain cancer.
Ruffo died on 10 November 2023, at the age of 35.


Dumarsais Estimé

Léon Dumarsais Estimé (21 April 1900 – 20 July 1953) was President of Haiti from 16 August 1946 until 10 May 1950

Daisy chain (engineering)

In electrical and electronic engineering, a daisy chain is a wiring scheme. It has multiple devices, which are wired together in sequence or in a ring, similar to a garland of daisy flowers.

Daisy chains may be used for power, analog signals, digital data, or a combination of them.

The term daisy chain may refer either to large scale devices connected in series, such as a series of power strips plugged into each other to form a single long line of strips, or to the wiring patterns embedded inside of devices. Other examples of devices which can be used to form daisy chains are those based on USB, FireWire, Thunderbolt and Ethernet cables.

Johnnie Johnson (pianist)

Johnnie Clyde Johnson (July 8, 1924 – April 13, 2005) was an American pianist. He played jazz, blues and rock and roll. His work with Chuck Berry led to his induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. 

He was posthumously awarded the Congressional Gold Medal for breaking racial barriers in the military.

Johnson began playing the piano in 1928. He joined the United States Marine Corps during World War II. He became a member of Bobby Troup's all-serviceman jazz orchestra, the Barracudas. .

Over the next 20 years, the two collaborated on many of Berry's songs, including "School Days", "Roll Over Beethoven", "Carol", and "Nadine". The song "Johnny B. Goode" was reportedly a tribute to Johnson, with the title referring to Johnson's behavior when he was drinking.

Johnson received little recognition until the Chuck Berry concert documentary, "Hail! Hail! Rock 'n' Roll", was released in 1987. The experience forged a permanent bond between him, Keith Richards, Eric Clapton, and Steve Jordan. Although Johnson had been supporting himself as a bus driver in St. Louis, the exposure and experience of the film helped him return to headlining.

In 2005, he played piano on Styx's re-recording of "Blue Collar Man", entitled "Blue Collar Man @ 2120", for their album "Big Bang Theory". It was recorded at Chess Studios, on the 46th anniversary of the recording of "Johnnie B. Goode" at the same studio.

Johnson died at the age of 80 from a kidney ailment and pneumonia in St. Louis on April 13, 2005. He was buried in the Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery.


Integrated Device Technology

Integrated Device Technology, Inc., is an American corporation. It is headquartered in San Jose, California. 

They designs, manufactures, and markets low-power, high-performance mixed-signal semiconductor solutions for the advanced communications, computing, and consumer industries. The company markets its products primarily to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). 

The company is focused on three major areas: communications infrastructure (wireless and wired), high-performance computing, and advanced power management.

Torrent duck

The torrent duck ("Merganetta armata") is a bird in the Anatidae family.

Phyllodytes punctatus

Phyllodytes punctatus is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Fazenda Gravatá in Sergipe. People have seen it as high as 140 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is about 18.2-22.8 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin on the back is brown, and there are brown spots on the back and legs. This frog has a bump on its nose and three bumps on each eyelid.

Scientists say this frog is in danger of dying out because it lives in such a small place, only 1,044 km2, and this place is being changed by human beings who build towns and cities and make places for animals to eat grass. People also go into the places where the frogs live to take away the bromeliad plants they need, but this only happens in a few places. Real estate speculation, which means when people buy land so that they can sell it for more many later, also threatens this frog.

This frog lives in places with white sandy soil and in places with shrubs. This frog lives on bromeliad plants that grow on native plants. Scientists have only seen it in natural places, and not in farms or gardens where humans have changed the places.

Dongle

A dongle is a small piece of computer hardware. when you plug the dongle to your device, it will provide additional functionality, or enable a pass-through to such a device that adds functionality.

The term has since been added to other types of devices with a similar form factor, such as:


Security dongles are typically used to help prevent unauthorized use and copying of certain forms of software. Initially using ports such as the serial port or parallel port, most are now in USB format.

Very short cables that connect relatively large jacks to smaller plugs/. It allow cables to be easily installed and removed from equipment with limited space available for connectors. The Chromecast devit negates the need for a short adapter cable.

Security dongles are typically used to help prevent unauthorized use and copying of certain forms of software. Initially using ports such as the serial port or parallel port, most are now in USB format.

Very short cables that connect relatively large jacks to smaller plugs/. It allow cables to be easily installed and removed from equipment with limited space available for connectors. The Chromecast devit negates the need for a short adapter cable.


SumTotal Systems

SumTotal Systems, Inc. is an American software company. It is based in Gainesville, Florida. It provides human resource management software and services to private and public sector organizations. 

The company uses multiple cloud-based channels, including software as a service (SaaS), hosted subscription, and premises-based licensure.

In September 2014, SumTotal was acquired by SkillSoft, a provider of online learning to corporate training organizations.

The company now called SumTotal Systems originated in the 2003 merger of Click2learn (Asymetrix) and Docent Software.

Services include learning management, workforce management, talent management, HR, planning, analytics, payroll and benefits. The company delivers its software as a service (SaaS) using cloud computing. The company has regional offices in the US, Canada and outside of North America.

Barrick Gold

Barrick Gold Corporation is a Canadian mining company. They produces gold and copper with 16 operating sites in 13 countries. It is located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It has mining operations in Argentina, Canada, Chile, Côte d'Ivoire, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Dominican Republic, Mali, Papua New Guinea, Saudi Arabia, Tanzania, the United States and Zambia. the company had 71 million ounces of proven and probable gold reserves.

Barrick had been the world's largest gold mining company until Newmont Corporation acquired Goldcorp in 2019. Barrick expects to produce between 4.6 and five million ounces of gold and between 440 and 500 million pounds of copper in 2020.

Barrick Gold reported total CO2e emissions (Direct + Indirect) for 31 December 2020 at 7,351 Kt. It has set a greenhouse gas emissions reduction target of 30% and will be net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. At its operations in the United States, Barrick is transitioning away from coal to natural gas and solar power, in an effort to reduce emissions. 

Environmental and human rights violations have taken place around a number of mining operations. They are now closed or were previously operated by a different company, including violence in Papua New Guinea and Tanzania. Forty people were arrested in Chile following a demonstration against the potential environmental impacts of a mining project. Executives of Acacia Mining had faced charges of bribery, conspiracy, forgery, money-laundering, tax-evasion and environmental damage. There has also been small groups of opposition in the Dominican Republic.

Andrew Tate

Emory Andrew Tate III (born December 1, 1986) is an internet personality and former professional kickboxer. He started a website that offers courses on getting rich. He gained popularity on TikTok, YouTube, and other social media for his videos and streams where he shows off his lifestyle, and discusses things including masculinity, manhood, and the sigma male. His views have been described as misogyny by many people.

Andrew Tate was born on December 1, 1986, in Washington, D.C., United States. He grew up in Luton, Bedfordshire, England. His father, Emory Andrew Tate II, was an International Master (IM) of chess. He first learned to play chess when he was five years old. He learned to play chess at the age of five and competed in adult tournaments as a child.

Tate is in martial arts and boxing in 2005. While he was working as a television advertising salesman, he won the 2009 ISKA Full Contact Cruiserweight title in Derby, England. Although he had won 17 of his 19 professional fights, he was regarded as the best fighter in his division in Europe.

Tate won his first ISKA title after defeating Jean-Luc Benoit in a rematch. In 2013, he defended his title against Jean-Luc Benoit in France. He became the second ISKA world champion to hold titles in two different weight divisions. He competed in mixed martial arts for a couple of years before eventually calling it quits due to injuries.

Major Championships and Titles Won 46


In 2016, while he was a guest on Big Brother, he was criticized for his racist and homophobic comments on Twitter. After the release of a video that showed him assaulting a woman with a belt, he was removed from the show. He and the woman in question later said that the actions in the video were consensual. During his time on the show, he had only been there for six days.

Tate's website claims that he used to run a webcam studio using his girlfriend as an employee. In Romania, he and his brother started a business that sells sob stories using webcam girls.

Tate runs a website called Hustler's University, called now The Real World, which provides monthly membership fees to individuals who want to receive education on various subjects, such as cryptocurrency trading and dropshipping.

Tate became known for his tweets about the sexual abuse committed by Harvey Weinstein. He also said that those who suffered from sexual harassment should share the blame for their actions. In 2017, he made a statement about depression that was widely criticized. Tate's accounts were suspended multiple times. In 2021, one of his accounts was mistakenly verified by Twitter, which he had created to avoid his previous ban. The account was then permanently deleted. Twitter said that the mistake was made due to an error, and the account had been promoted with a link.

Tate was first known as a far-right figure online due to his appearances on various right-wing sites including InfoWars and Jack Posobiec. He was described by The Independent's Rabbil Sikdar as a cult-like figure who is known for his anti-feminist views. Tate has called himself a misogynist and a sexist in a satirical sense while also stating that he believes that men must provide for and protect women. A popular counter argument to this claim is a video which resurfaced which depicts Tate saying that he would hit a woman with a machete, however he continually states that the context was of a woman attacking him with a machete and him defending himself. The White Ribbon Campaign, which is an organization that fights against male-on-male violence, considers his statements to be extremely misogynistic. Hope Not Hate, an activist group that fights against fascism and racism, criticized Tate's social media presence, saying it could encourage the far-right audience to follow him. In response, Tate noted that his content mainly focuses on teaching his followers how to avoid being toxic and low-value individuals.

Tate has been involved in several controversies on social media, including making controversial comments about women, mental health, and race. Some of his social media posts have been criticized as being misogynistic, racist, and insensitive.

His commentary has resulted in various social media platforms banning him.

As of June 2023, Romanian authorities charged Tate with human trafficking.

On March 11, 2024, he was put into detention (again) by Romanian authorities; A process of extraditing him to British authorities, is going on. Earlier (and as of August 4, 2023) he did not have to stay any longer in house arrest; He will have to show up (or come) to his trial. (Earlier decisions about having to stay in house arrest were made by the court system in March and April 2023.) Earlier decisions about having to stay in police detention (or jail) were made by the court on February 1, January 20 and January 10, 2023.

In a YouTube video, Tate said that he moved to Romania because it was easier to get away with bribery in Eastern Europe. The video was later deleted. In April 2022, his house was raided by the country's DIICOT, an investigative agency that focuses on terrorism and organized crime.

In August 2022, the US Embassy in Romania alerted local authorities of an American woman being held at a property owned by Tate and his brother. After a surprise raid, two women, one American and one Romanian, were recovered. According to the authorities, the investigation was still ongoing. The US State Department did not comment on the incident.

On Friday, December 30, 2022, Andrew Tate, along with his brother Tristan and two Romanian nationals, came under investigation by the Directorate for Investigating Organised Crime and Terrorism (DIICOT) for their alleged involvement in an organized crime group. The group stands accused of recruiting and exploiting women, coercing them into creating pornographic content for specialized websites. In light of the investigation, prosecutors have submitted an application to extend Andrew Tate's detention at a detention center for an additional 30 days, pending a ruling from the judge. During the recent detention hearing, both brothers opted to exercise their right to remain silent. The investigation remains ongoing. He was detained by the Romanian Anti-Organized Crime Division for human sex trafficking, rape and forming an organized crime group with the intent of recruiting and housing women to create online pornography. The group is said to span Romania, the United Kingdom and the United States. Officials have said that Tate had been under investigation since April, 2022. The two women found at his property were allegedly being held against their will, with an additional four women also alleging imprisonment. It is believed that they were subjected to mental and physical violence. Allegations say that these women were told they would become married to and live with Tate.

During his arrest, he was held by Romanian police for twenty four hours for questioning. This detainment been extended for thirty days. During the search they found large sums of money and guns. Andrew Tate was detained with his brother, Tristan Tate and two other men. On 20 January, 2023, the BBC said that the justice system in Romania decided that Tate will have to stay in police detention (or jail) until 27 February 2023 .<!--There have been other decisions in court.

Ihor Dashko

Ihor Tarasovych Dashko (June 18, 1977, Sambir, Lviv Region — April 9, 2022, Mariupol, Donetsk region) — Ukrainian military officer, lieutenant colonel border guard of the State Border Service of Ukraine, participant of the Russian-Ukrainian war. Hero of Ukraine (April 17, 2022, posthumously).

Ihor Dashko was born on June 18, 1977 in Sambir, Lviv region.

Studied at Secondary School No. 1 named after T. Shevchenko, Sambir, which he graduated in 1994.

After graduating from the Academy of the State Border Service of Ukraine in 1999, he started working in the city of Mariupol, in the Department of the State Border Service of Ukraine.

From the summer of 2012 to January 2022, he served in the Western Regional Department of the State Security Service.

A month before the Russian invasion of Ukraine, he again moved to the city of Mariupol.

On April 9, 2022, he blew himself up at a radio station in Mariupol so that it would not reach by the Russian invaders. The last his words on the radio were "Glory to Ukraine! ".




...And Then There Were Three...

...And Then There Were Three... is the ninth studio album by Genesis. The album was released on March 28, 1978.

Slip (ceramics)

Slip is liquefied clay that is used to join together harder clay, or to paint other pieces of clay.

Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Women

Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Women, or just Tottenham or Spurs for short, is an English women's football club with connections to the Tottenham Hotspur F.C. men's football club. The club currently plays in the Women's Super League (or WSL for short), the top football division of women's football in England. It was created in 1985.

EDF

EDF may refer to:


LiveRamp

LiveRamp Holdings, Inc. (commonly LiveRamp), is a American Software as a service company based on San Francisco, Califonia. It offers a data connectivity platform whose services include data onboarding, the transfer of offline data online for marketing purposes.

it was originally founded in 1969. The company underwent several name changes. They eventually took the LiveRamp name from a company they bought, after spinning off the Marketing Services (AMS) division to global advertising network Interpublic Group of Companies.

LiveRamp's headquarters is in San Francisco, California, United States. The company has other regional U.S. offices in Little Rock, Arkansas; New York, New York; Seattle, Washington; Boston, Massachusetts; Phoenix, Arizona; and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

International offices are located in the United Kingdom, France, Australia, China, Japan and Singapore.

Bandai Namco Holdings

The company specializes in toys, video games, arcades, anime, and amusement parks.

Their United States branch, Bandai Namco Holdings USA, was officially formed on January 6, 2008. They handle the US operations of the company from their headquarters located in Irvine, California. 

Père Goriot

Le Père Goriot (, ""Old Goriot"" or "Father Goriot") is an 1835 novel by French novelist and playwright Honoré de Balzac (1799–1850). It is in the "Scènes de la vie privée" section of his novel sequence "La Comédie humaine". It is set in Paris in 1819. It follows the lives of three characters: the elderly Goriot, a mysterious criminal named Vautrin and a naive law student named Eugène de Rastignac.

The novel takes place during the Bourbon Restoration. It brought major changes to French society. The struggle by individuals to reach a higher social status is a major theme in the book. Balzac analyzes through Goriot and others the nature of family and marriage that provides a pessimistic view of them.

In the first book edition, the novel had seven chapters:


The character Eugène de Rastignac had appeared as an old man in Balzac's earlier philosophical fantasy novel "La Peau de chagrin". While writing the first version of "Le Père Goriot", Balzac named the character "Massiac", but he decided to use the same character from "La Peau de chagrin". Other characters were changed in a similar way. 

"Le Père Goriot" is widely considered Balzac's essential novel. Its influence on French literature has been considerable, as shown by novelist Félicien Marceau's remark: "We are all children of "Le Père Goriot"." 

In his book "Le Pére Goriot: Anatomy of a Troubled World", Martin Kanes calls it "the keystone of the "Comédie humaine"". It is the central text of Anthony Pugh's study "Balzac's Recurring Characters". Entire chapters have been written about the detail of the Maison Vauquer. 

Thus, says Balzac biographer Graham Robb, ""Goriot" is one of the novels of "La Comédie humaine" that can safely be read in English for what it is."

According to the editor of the Norton Critical Edition, Peter Brooks, the book is now seen as "the most endurable and popular of Balzac's myriad works" and a "classic of the [18th]-century European novel".

A well-known line of this book by Balzac is when Vautrin tells Eugene, "In that case I will make you an offer that no one would decline." 

This has been reworked by Mario Puzo in the novel "The Godfather" (1969) and its movie adaptation (1972) as "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse". 

It was ranked as the second most significant cinematic quote in AFI's 100 Years...100 Movie Quotes (2005) by the American Film Institute.


Laryngeal consonant

Laryngeal consonants are consonants that are articulated (made) in the larynx. Laryngeal consonants include pharyngeal consonants, glottal consonants, and for some languages uvular consonants.

Used People

Used People is a 1992 romantic comedy movie. Beeban Kidron directed it based on the 1988 play "The Grandma Plays" by Todd Graff. It stars Shirley MacLaine, Marcello Mastroianni, Bob Dishy, Kathy Bates, Marcia Gay Harden, Jessica Tandy, Doris Roberts, Sylvia Sidney. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Co-articulated consonant

A co-articulated consonant is a consonant sound made at two places of articulation at the same time. They are similar to consonants with secondary articulation but are not the same. For example, [gb] is a co-articulated consonant and [gʷ] is not.

Magnificent Obsession

Magnificent Obsession is a 1929 novel by Lloyd C. Douglas.

Magnificent Obsession may also refer to:


Lac

Lac may refer to:



Ron Kroon

Ronald Kroon (17 September 1942, Amsterdam – 12 July 2001, Huizen) was a Dutch freestyle swimmer who won two bronze medals at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships.

He also competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics with the best achievement of 8th place in the 4×100 meters medley relay.

Between 1960 and 1964 he was four times national champion and set 12 national records in the 100 m freestyle event.

He was the first Dutch athlete to swim 100 meters within 55 seconds.

Alexander Yakovlev

Alexander Nikolayevich Yakovlev (Russian: Алекса́ндр Никола́евич Я́ковлев; 2 December 1923 – 18 October 2005) was a Soviet and Russian politician, diplomat, and historian.

A member of the Politburo and Secretariat of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union throughout the 1980s, he was termed the "godfather of glasnost", and was the intellectual force behind Mikhail Gorbachev's reform programme of glasnost and perestroika.

Jane Greer

Jane Greer (born Bettejane Greer; September 9, 1924 – August 24, 2001) was an American film and television actress best known for her role as "femme fatale" Kathie Moffat in the 1947 film noir "Out of the Past".

Franck Lavaud

Franck Lavaud (February 16, 1903 – February 27, 1988) was a Haitian general and politician who was an acting head of state during two terms: from January 11, 1946 until August 16, 1946 and from May 10, 1950 until December 6, 1950.

Both times he led a military junta along with Paul Magloire and Antoine Levelt.

Phyllodytes megatympanum

Phyllodytes megatympanum is a frog. It lives in Brazil. People have seen it between 90 and 95 meters above sea level.

The skin of the frog's back and legs is light brown. The place where the legs meet the body is yellow. This frog's eardrum is very large. The eardrum is called a tympanum.

This frog lives on bromeliad plants that grow on tree branches. In some parts of Brazil, it also lives in shrubby places. The male frog sits 2 to 10 meters above the ground and calls to the female frogs. The female frog lays eggs on the leaves. When they hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water in the bromeliad plants and then swims and grows in the water.

This frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large area. Although human beings cut down much of the forest where it used to live to make farms and places for animals to eat grass, there is still a large forest space left. Also, human beings have started to grow trees as crops, which is a little better for frogs. Scientists think the frog could be in danger if humans go into their forests to take away the bromeliad plants, but they do not think anyone is actually doing that right now.

Solidus (coin)

The solidus is a coin used in the late Roman Empire and Byzantine Empire. It was first introduced by Constantine the Great in 312. It later influenced the shilling in the United Kingdom.

Dance Gavin Dance

Dance Gavin Dance is a post-hardcore band that came from Sacramento, California. The band, as of February 2023, has five members; unclean vocalist Jon Mess, clean vocalist Tilian Pearson, rhythm guitarist Andrew Wells, drummer Matthew Mingus, and lead guitarist, Will Swan.

Jun Togawa

Jun Togawa (戸川純, Togawa Jun) is a Japanese singer, musician and actress. Jun was born in Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan on March 31st, 1961, making her 62 as of 2023. One of her close friends is Susumu Hirasawa.

Jun made her musical debut with the band Halmens as a guest singer, after gaining attention, she started her solo debut, with the album Tamahime Sama in 1984. Jun has associations with Susumu Hirasawa (平沢進), and her own sister, Kyoko Togawa (戸川京子). She had made her acting debut in the drama Shiawase Senso four years prior to her solo debut. Jun is well known for her acting in TOTO toilet commercials, along with her song Suki Suki Daisuki. 

Suki Suki Daisuki is the second track off of her solo album Suki Suki Daisuki, it was released on November 10, 1985. Suki Suki Daisuki is by far her most popular song, after many YouTube and TikTok videos used to sound for videos of a more creepy, or scary nature. Some even call Suki Suki Daisuki a 'Yandere' song.

Downwell (video game)

Downwell is an indie video game published by Devolver Digital in 2015. It is playable on Steam (service) for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, Android (operating system), IOS, the PlayStation Vita, and later added to the Nintendo Switch. 

In the 2D game, you play as Welltaro, a "curious man", who descends a well with gunboots while taking out enemies and getting new weapons and upgrades after each level.

Direct Contact

Direct Contact is a 2009 American Bulgarian German action thriller movie directed by Danny Lerner and starring Dolph Lundgren, Michael Paré, Bashar Rahal, Raicho Vasilev, Gemma Garrett. It was distributed by Lionsgate.


Ron Clements

Ronald Francis Clements (born April 25, 1953) is an American animator, film director, producer and screenwriter.

Gary Trousdale

Gary A. Trousdale (born June 8, 1960) is an American animator, film director, storyboard artist and screenwriter.

Kirk Wise

Kirk Wise (born August 24, 1963) is an American animator, film director and screenwriter best known for his work at Walt Disney Animation Studios.

Roger Allers

Roger Charles Allers (born June 29, 1949) is an American animator, film director, playwright, screenwriter and storyboard artist.

Wolfgang Reitherman

Wolfgang Reitherman (June 26, 1909 - May 22, 1985) is a German-American animator, director and producer.

Hamilton Luske

Hamilton Somers Luske (born October 16, 1903 - February 19, 1968) is an American animator and film director.

Clyde Geronimi

Clito Geronimi (June 12, 1901 - April 24, 1989) was an American animation director.

T. Hee

Thornton Hee (March 26, 1911 - October 30, 1988) was an American animator, director and teacher.

Bagh

Bagh (, meaning "garden") may refer to:



Ben Sharpsteen

Benjamin Sharpsteen (November 4, 1895 - December 20, 1980) is an American film director and producer for Disney.

Thomas Newman

Thomas Montgomery Newman (born October 20, 1955) is an American composer and conductor. He is best known for his many movie scores.

Newman stated composers like Dave Grusin, John Williams, Alan Menken, Jerry Goldsmith, Elmer Bernstein, Alfred Newman, Henry Mancini, Alan Silvestri, James Horner, Randy Newman, Carl W. Stalling, Carter Burwell, Lalo Schifrin and John Barry as influences.


Un-Break My Heart

"Un-Break My Heart" is a 1996 song by American singer Toni Braxton and taken from her second studio album "Secrets" and won a Grammy in 1997. It topped the single charts for 11 weeks in the United States. It has been covered by Weezer and Il Divo.

Betrayed (1988 movie)

Betrayed is a 1988 American Japanese spy thriller movie directed by Costa-Gavras and starring Debra Winger, Tom Berenger, John Heard, Betsy Blair, John Mahoney, Ted Levine, Timothy Hutton. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Subway

Subway, Subways, The Subway, or The Subways may refer to:







Diocese of Rome

The Diocese of Rome (; ) is a diocese under the jurisdiction of the Pope, who is also the Bishop of Rome. The first bishop of Rome was Saint Peter. The current bishop of Rome since 13 March 2013 is Pope Francis.


Nimadi language

Nimari is a western-Indo Aryan language mainly spoken in the Nimar in the state of Madhya Pradesh. Barwani, Khargone, Burhanpur, Beria, Dhar etc, are also places where it's spoken.

Brandenburg Concertos

The Brandenburg Concertos are a set of concertos written by Johann Sebastian Bach. They were written for Christian Ludwig, Margrave of Brandenburg-Schwedt. The original title was "Six Concerts à plusieurs instruments, six concertos for several instruments." In each of the concertos, there are several solo instruments, which are accompanied by an orchestra. They are widely regarded as some of the greatest orchestral compositions of the Baroque era.

The set was collected and given to the margrave by Bach in 1721. At that time, he was working as Kapellmeister at Cöthen. Christoph Wolff thinks that the concertos may have been written when Bach was working at Weimar.

As to instrumentation, they are quite unique.


Voiced velar tap

The voiced velar tap is a sound reported to be used in some spoken languages. The sound should be impossible and is not in English.

Kurdistani Party

Kurdistani Party, shortly PAKURD (Kurdish: Partiya Kurdistanî, پارتیا کوردستانی), is a Kurdish nationalist political party founded on 26 May 2014 with the signature of 500 delegates. The party's predecessor is the Kurdistan Conscience Initiative, which organizes acts of civil disobedience. The founding chairman of the party is İbrahim Halil Baran, and the current party spokesperson is Sedar Halman. The party declared its aims as "open Kurdistanist politics, Kurdistan nationalism, non-violence and civil society".

Book of Dreams

Book of Dreams is the tenth studio album by Steve Miller Band. It was released in May 1977 through Capital Records and went to number 2 in the United States and number 1 in Canada. It was the group's most successful albums.

Rajkoti people

The Rajkoti are a Dardic tribal group based in Chitral, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. They speak Kalami, a Dardic language. They live in the valley of Rajkot and Kalkot.

Rajkot

Rajkot is a city in Gujarat state of India. It has a population of over a million and the fourth largest city in the state. It used to be the capital of the princely state of Saurashtra.

Avocet

The Avocets are water birds which poke around in mud to get their food. They are a kind of bird which are often called "waders".

The genus name "Recurvirostra" comes from Latin , 'curved backwards' and , 'bill'. 

Avocets sweep their long, thin, upcurved bills from side to side when feeding in the brackish or saline wetlands they prefer. Their plumage is pied (usually black and white), sometimes also with some red.

Avocets have webbed feet and swim. Their diet consists of aquatic insects and other small creatures. Their favourite places are mudflats and estuaries. They walk around on the mud, sticking their bill into it and sweeping from side to side to find small prey.

Avocets have made a return to Britain. During WWII some land was allowed to return to its previous salt marsh condition. This was followed by the later development of nature reserves. Avocets now use the Titchfield Haven National Nature Reserve as a summer breeding ground.

BlackRock

BlackRock, Inc. is an American multi-national investment company. It is based in New York City, United States. It was established in 1988. BlackRock is the world's largest asset manager, with trillion in assets under management (as of January 2022). BlackRock controls globally with 70 offices in 30 countries and clients in 100 countries.

BlackRock has looked for the position itself as an industry leader in environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG).

BlackRock was founded in 1988 by Larry Fink, Robert S. Kapito, Susan Wagner, Barbara Novick, Ben Golub, Hugh Frater, Ralph Schlosstein, and Keith Anderson. Their objective is to provide institutional clients with asset management services from a risk management perspective. 

By 1992, Blackstone had a stake equating to about 35% of the company, and Stephen A. Schwarzman and Fink were considering selling shares to the public. The firm adopted the name BlackRock, and was managing $17 billion in assets by the end of the year. 

Later Schwarzman remained with Blackstone, while Fink went on to become chairman and CEO of BlackRock Inc.

The U.S. government had an contract with BlackRock to help resolve the fallout of the financial meltdown of 2008. According to "Vanity Fair", the financial establishment in Washington and on Wall Street believed BlackRock was the best choice for the job. 

At the end of 2014, the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute reported that 65% of Blackrock's assets under management were made up of institutional investors.

BlackRock is a shareholder in many institutional investors. They own shares in BlackRock. This chain of possesion is similar to circular ownership structures. Later they have been identified in the United Kingdom, for example.

The firm maintains a dedicated India Fund. Such made investments in Indian start-ups like Byju's, GoWork, Paytm, Pine Labs, etc. As of 2020, it's lowering its investment in the country while increasing it in China.

In his 2018 annual letter to shareholders, CEO of BlackRoad Larry Fink wrote that other CEOs should be aware of their impact on society. In May 2018, anti-war organizations held a demonstration outside the annual BlackRock shareholders' meeting in Manhattan, New York.

BlackRock was examined for allegedly taking advantage of its close ties with the Federal Reserve System during the COVID-19 pandemic response efforts. In June 2020, "The New Republic" wrote that BlackRock "was having a very good pandemic" and was casting "itself as socially responsible.


Benji Madden

Benjamin Levi Madden (ne Combs; born March 11, 1979) is an American musician. He is the lead guitarist and backing vocalist for the band Good Charlotte.

Madden was born in Waldorf, Maryland to Robin Madden and Roger Combs. He has an identical twin, Joel Madden with whom he formed the band Good Charlotte.

Madden married actress Cameron Diaz in 2015.
They have a daughter, Raddix Madden, born through surrogacy in January 2020.

John Powell

John Powell may refer to:

Wilfred Jackson

Wilfred Jackson (January 24, 1906 - August 7, 1988) is an American animator, arranger, composer and director best known for his work on the "Mickey Mouse" and "Silly Symphonies" series and the "Night on Bald Mountain/Ave Maria" segment of "Fantasia" from Walt Disney Productions.

The Black Crook

The Black Crook is work of the musical theatre. It was first produced in New York City in 1866. There were 474 shows.It opened on September 12, 1866 at the 3,200-seat Niblo's Garden on Broadway in Manhattan.

The Ataris

The Ataris are an American punk rock band from Anderson, Indiana.

The Ataris' music has been described as alternative rock, emo, indie rock, pop punk and punk rock. The Ataris stated artists like Everclear, Pennywise, Weezer, Built to Spill, The Vandals, 311, Dag Nasty, Descendents, Down by Law, Face to Face, Green Day, Hüsker Dü, Lagwagon, Nirvana, NOFX, Richard Hell and the Voidoids, Social Distortion, The Replacement, MU330 and Barenaked Ladies.

311 (band)

311 is an American rock band from Omaha, Nebraska.

311's music has been described as alternative metal, alternative rock, funk metal, funk rock, nu metal, post-grunge, rap metal, rap rock and reggae rock. 311's influences include The Clash, The Cure, Descendents, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Cypress Hill, De La Soul, A Tribe Called Quest, Led Zeppelin, Bob Marley, Fishbone and Bad Brains.


Phyllodytes amadoi

Phyllodytes amadoi is a frog. It lives in Brazil. It lives in the rainforest. Scientists have only seen it in one place, in Bahia, but they think it lives in other places too.

This frog is smaller than other frogs in "Phyllodytes". The adult frog is 15.6-23.0 mm long from nose to rear end.

Descendents

Descendents are an American punk rock band formed in 1977 in Manhattan Beach, California.

Lagwagon

Lagwagon is an American punk rock band originally from Goleta, California, just outside of Santa Barbara, California.

MU330

MU330 are an American ska punk band from St. Louis, Missouri, United States.

Midtown (band)

Midtown is an American pop punk band from New Brunswick, New Jersey, United States.

Alexandre Desplat

Alexandre Michel Gérard Desplat (born August 23, 1961) is a French film composer and conductor.

Desplat was born in Paris to Jacques Desplat and Katie Ladopoulou. His parents are of French and Greek ancestry. 

Desplat stated composers like John Williams, Jerry Goldsmith, Henry Mancini, Elmer Bernstein, Georges Delerue, Lalo Schifrin, Buddy Baker, Alfred Newman, Alan Menken, Claude Debussy, Maurice Ravel, Howard Shore, Bernard Herrmann, John Barry, Irwin Kostal, Mychael Danna, Richard Wagner, Michael Kamen, Joel McNeely and Randy Newman as influences.

Georges Delerue

Georges Delerue (March 12, 1925 - March 20, 1990) is a French composer who composed over 350 scores for cinema and television.

Carter Burwell

Carter Benedict Burwell (born November 18, 1954) is an American film composer. He has received Academy Awards nominations for Best Original Score for "Carol" (2015), "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" (2017) and "The Banshees of Inisherin" (2022).

Burwell was born in New York City to Natalie Benedict and Charles Burwell.

Burwell married Christine Sciulli in 1999 and had kids Tycho Burwell, Tor Burwell and Greta Burwell.


Mercer Ellington

Mercer Kennedy Ellington (March 11, 1919 - February 8, 1996) is an American musician, composer and arranger.

Craig Armstrong (composer)

Craig Armstrong (born April 29, 1959) is a Scottish composer of modern orchestral music, electronica and film scores.

Armstrong was born in Glasgow, Scotland.

Armstrong stated composers like Jerry Goldsmith, John Barry, Max Steiner, Richard Strauss, Maurice Jarre and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky as influences.


Battle of Trenton

The Battle of Trenton was fought on December 26, 1776 in Trenton, New Jersey. It was a part of the American Revolutionary War. George Washington led the Continental Army against Hessians in Trenton. The Americans won the battle, after Washington crossed the Delaware

Marco Beltrami

Marco Beltrami (born October 7, 1966) is an American composer and conductor of film and television scores.

Beltrami was born in Long Island, New York, of Italian and Greek descent. 

Beltrami stated composers such as Jerry Goldsmith, Bruce Broughton, Paul Chihara, Henry Mancini, Alfred Newman, Mark Snow, Michael Kamen, Alex North, Buddy Baker Ennio Morricone, Marty Paich, Lalo Schifrin, Bill Conti, Paul Smith, Angelo Badalamenti, Oliver Wallace, Mychael Danna, Randy Edelman, Frank Zappa, George Bruns, Basil Poledouris, Joe Hisaishi, Lalo Schifrin, Leonard Bernstein, Frank Churchill, Joel McNeely, John Barry, James Horner, Howard Shore and Randy Newman as influences.

Nicholas Britell

Nicholas Britell (born October 17, 1980) is an American composer, pianist and film producer based in New York City.

Britell was raised in a Jewish family in New York City.
Britell stated composers like George Gershwin, Quincy Jones and Philip Glass as influences.
Britell was married to cellist Caitlin Sullivan.

The Abstract House (Milan)

The The Abstract House or La Casa Astratta is a palace in Viale Beatrice d'Este 24, Milano, Italy in the historic center of Milan inside the luxurious Quadronno District, which collects artwork of the fifties.

The Palazzo La Casa Abstract was built by Carlo Perogalli and Attilio Mariani together with the painter Francesco Magnelli in 1952. Carlo Perogalli and Attilio Mariani completed the nearby building in Viale Beatrice d'Este 26 in 1952, while Giordano Forti and Camillo Magni in 1957 created the Palazzo Forti, making the whole area an open-air museum. The Abstract House of Viale Beatrice d'Este in Milan is the masterpiece of the Movement for Concrete Art.

The painter Francesco Magnelli, active in Paris, worked with the designers to lay out the facade. The same design is taken up in negative inside the entrance hall with an artistic inlay in the rubber floor with the aim of establishing a close relationship between the facade and the interior space. In the atrium a sculpture was created by Attilio Mariani.

From 1948 to 1958 for architects and artists, Milan became the city where they could experience a new conception of the relationships between the arts. The Palace shows how the concrete forms are not simply paintings applied to the walls of a building designed separately by another person, but are born and developed together with the architecture with which they identify. Perogalli also considers this creation one of the most original and significant in which "the synthesis of the arts ... is also notable for the strong chromatic component: the facade of the building has a cladding in white marble and blue ceramic tiles. The decoration is expressed both in the free composition and in the choice of colors on the facade.

""The façade endowed with movement and plasticity for the protrusions of the balconies and bow windows that the chromatic play enhances: cladding in white marble, mirrors in black ceramic mosaic, balconies in blue ceramic mosaic.""




Bruno Morassutti

Bruno Morassutti (Padua, December 8, 1920 - Belluno, September 4, 2008) was an Italian architect and designer. He was born into a wealthy family that owns a hardware chain.

Morassutti is a protagonist of Italian rationalism. His best known masterpiece is the Bosco Verticale in the exclusive Quadronno district of Milan. He worked with Angelo Mangiarotti for several projects in the United States with Ernesto Nathan Rogers. He was influenced by Gualtiero Galmanini, in 1950 he went to work in Chicago for BBPR first and then with Max Bill, architect, painter , sculptor, designer.

Bruno Morassutt was born in Padua, and studied in Venice, where he graduated in 1946. In 1949 he left for the United States.

Morassutti was aware of the limitations of academic training for a new course in architecture, and decided to start research in Teliesin, Arizona, with Frank Lloyd Wright in the 1940s. The research with Wright continued for years both in Arizona and in Wisconsin. They also compared themselves with other designers such as Auguste Perret, Richard Neutra in California, Ludwig Mies van der Rohe in Chicago.

From the early 1950s he dedicated himself to industrial design often with Angelo Mangiarotti, his furniture has the characteristic of being free of junctions, thanks to the joint, "tables, stools, benches and bookcases that combine functionality and decoration, freely assembled and easy to pack ".



Ādaži

Ādaži (pronunciation: ]) is a town in Latvia with town rights since 2022. It is the center of the Ādaži District. As of 2022, Ādaži had a population of 7,482 people. Ādaži is on small river Vējupe near river Gauja. Lake Mazais Baltezers is to south from the town.

Ādaži was a small village until 1970s (with population of 303 people in 1965). After, a new farming village was built. In 21th-century, Ādaži grew as cottage village, with some food factories.

A big military camp of NATO is to north from the town.

Roads from Ādaži: Riga—Tallinn (A1), Ādaži-Jaunciems (P1), Lapmeži-Ādaži-Baltezers (V50), Ādaži-Garkalne (V46). The nearest railway stations are Garkalne (5 km) and Carnikava (6 km). The center of Riga is 22 km from Ādaži to south.


Koknese

Koknese () is a town in middle Latvia. It is in Aizkraukle District. As of 2022, Koknese had a population of 2,562 people. Koknese is on rivers Pērse and Daugava.

Koknese was a castle and river harbor at Middle Ages. It has town rights at 1277 until 17th century. Town rights were given again in 2021.

Roads from Koknese: Riga—Daugavpils (A6), Tīnūži—Koknese (P6), Ērgļi—Koknese (P79), Ogre—Koknese (V996), Suntaži—Koknese (V920). Koknese is railway station on line Riga—Daugavpils.

The centre of district Aizkraukle is 14 km to east from Koknese. The capital city Riga is 100 km to west.

Gabriel Yared

Gabriel Yared (born October 7, 1949) is a Lebanese-French composer.

Yared stated composers like Johann Sebastian Bach, Robert Schumann, Oliver Wallace, John Barry, Elmer Bernstein, Jerry Goldsmith, Maurice Jarre, John Williams and Lalo Schifrin as influences.


Cape Elizabeth, Maine

Cape Elizabeth is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Casco, Maine

Casco is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Chebeague Island, Maine

Chebeague Island is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Frye Island, Maine

Frye Island is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Gorham, Maine

Gorham is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Gray, Maine

Gray is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Harpswell, Maine

Harpswell is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Harrison, Maine

Harrison is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Long Island, Maine

Long Island is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

New Gloucester, Maine

New Gloucester is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

North Yarmouth, Maine

North Yarmouth is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Pownal, Maine

Pownal is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Raymond, Maine

Raymond is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Sebago, Maine

Sebago is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Standish, Maine

Standish is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Windham, Maine

Windham is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Yarmouth, Maine

Yarmouth is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States.

Avon, Maine

Avon is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.

1958 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1958 FIFA World Cup Final took place in Råsunda Stadium, Solna (near Stockholm), Sweden on 29 June 1958 to determine the champion of the 1958 FIFA World Cup.

<section begin=Final /><section end=Final />
<section begin=Lineups />

</includeonly><section end=Lineups />
Match Rules


Carrabassett Valley, Maine

Carrabassett Valley is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.

Carthage, Maine

Carthage is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.

Eustis, Maine

Eustis is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.

Industry, Maine

Industry is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.

Kingfield, Maine

Kingfield is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.

New Sharon, Maine

New Sharon is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.

New Vineyard, Maine

New Vineyard is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.

1962 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1962 FIFA World Cup Final was the deciding match of the 1962 FIFA World Cup. 
<section begin=Final /><section end=Final />
<section begin=Lineups />

</includeonly><section end=Lineups />
Match rules


Phillips, Maine

Phillips is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.

1930 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1930 FIFA World Cup Final was a football game in the 1930 FIFA World Cup. 

<section begin=Final /><section end=Final />
<section begin=Lineups />

</includeonly><section end=Lineups />
Match rules


Strong, Maine

Strong is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.

Temple, Maine

Temple is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.

Weld, Maine

Weld is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.

Wilton, Maine

Wilton is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States.

1938 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1938 FIFA World Cup Final was the game between Italy and Hungary.

<section begin=Final /><section end=Final />
<section begin=Lineups />

</includeonly><section end=Lineups />
Match rules


Amherst, Maine

Amherst is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Aurora, Maine

Aurora is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Brooklin, Maine

Brooklin is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Brooksville, Maine

Brooksville is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Bucksport, Maine

Bucksport is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Castine, Maine

Castine is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Cranberry Isles, Maine

Cranberry Isles is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Dedham, Maine

Dedham is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Deer Isle, Maine

Deer Isle is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Eastbrook, Maine

Eastbrook is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Suicide of Ronnie McNutt

Ronnie McNutt was a 33 year old veteran of the United States Army. He shot himself with a rifle. He died on Facebook live stream on August 31, 2020.

Street Fighter

Street Fighter is a Japanese video game series and multi-media franchise produced by Capcom.

Street Fighter may also refer to:

Ķekava

Ķekava is a town in Latvia with town rights since 2022. It is the center of the Ķekava District. As of 2022, Ķekava had a population of 5,446 people. Ķekava is on small river Ķekaviņa near river Daugava. Reservoir of Riga hydroelectric power station is to north-east from the town.

Ķekava was a small village until 1970s (with population of 333 people in 1967). After, a new chicken meat factory was built. A new workers village was built and it grew the population.

Roads from Ķekava: Riga—Warszawa (A7), Riga bypass road (A5), Ķekava-Plakanciems (V6), Ķekava bypass road (not built yet). The center of Riga is 17 km from Ķekava to north-west.


Attempted assassination of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner

On 1 September 2022 Argentina's former president and current vice president Cristina Fernández de Kirchner had a gun pointed at her head by a man outside her official residence in the neighborhood of Recoleta, Buenos Aires. As the man tried to kill her, the gun failed. No shots were fired. He was arrested on the scene.

On September 1, 2022, at 8:50 p.m. (local time in Argentina), the vice president of Argentina arrived at her home after a session in the Senate. Fernández was signing copies of her book "Sinceramente" outside her home, when Fernando Andrés Sabag Montiel, about 35 years old, pointed a 32-caliber Bersa gun at the president's head. He pulled the trigger twice but none of the magazine's five serviceable cartridges were chambered. The object had a damaged serial number.

Supporters of the vice president gathered at the scene to sing songs in her support.

Fernando Andrés Sabag Montiel is the person who tried to fire at Cristina Fernández. He has a record for carrying a knife. He lives in the La Paternal neighborhood. In photographs of the attacker released by the media, a tattoo of the black sun, a neo-fascist symbol, can be seen on his elbow.
Sabag was quickly arrested by the victim's security and police elements. He was taken to a police tent where he is interrogated. Elements of the Argentine scientific police carried out expert investigations on the site.

Alberto Fernández, president of Argentina, announced that María Eugenia Capuchetti is the judge in charge of the investigations and the prosecutor is Carlos Rívolo.

The president asked the judicial authorities for speed in the clarification as well as to take care of the detainee's life.

For a week, the corner of the vice president's apartment has been in constant presence of sympathetic protesters, this presence responded to the previous presence of opposition protesters, in turn incited in response to a breakthrough in one of the corruption cases linked to Lázaro Báez on August 22.






After the event, several doubts arose from some sectors of the population and the media, due to the way in which the assassination attempt against Fernández was raised. For example, the police had mistakenly broken into a home of the detainee, Sabag Montiel, but his real home had been located after a person showed up at a police station claiming that he had rented it for eight months , citing the serious lack of security on the part of the police to protect Fernández, Sabag Montiel came to aim just a few centimeters from his face.

The attacker posted photos of his tattoos with Nazi symbols, such as the black sun, on Instagram, which generated speculation that if he worked alone or is part of an organization; political scientist Pedro Núñez told DW Español that "the Justice obviously has to act quickly, since the worst that could happen is that this is diluted over time and more and more conspiracy theories appear about what happened."

Some Peronist politicians accused the opposition of promoting "hatred" towards Cristina Kirchner. The former president of Bolivia, Jeanine Áñez, accused Fernández of "self-victimizing" and "blaming" the opposition without any investigation and impose a political holiday. The provincial deputy of Santa Fe, Amalia Granata, said that the attack on Fernández was "armed" and is "a pantomime" to victimize her.

The attack is added to the list of presidents of Argentina who suffered assassination attempts

Michelle Visage

Michelle Visage (born Michelle Lynn Shupack; September 20, 1968) is an American radio DJ, singer, actress, media personality, television host producer and former showgirl. 

As a member of the band Seduction, she earned five singles with the group that charted on the "Billboard" Hot 100. In 1993, as lead vocalist in The S.O.U.L. S.Y.S.T.E.M., she reached the top of the dance charts. In 2011, she joined the American reality competition series "RuPaul's Drag Race". She has served as a permanent judge since season three. She is also a permanent judge on "RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars", "RuPaul's Drag Race UK, "and "RuPaul's Drag Race Down Under".

Iecava

Iecava () is a town in Latvia with town rights since 2021. It is in the Semigallia region of southern Latvia, in Bauska District. As of 2022, Iecava had a population of 5500 people. Iecava is 40 km south of Riga and 23 km north of Bauska. Until 1 July 2021, Iecava was a village and was the center of Iecava District. Iecava is on river Iecava.

The town produces eggs, vegetable oil and alcoholic drinks.

Roads in Iecava: Riga—Warsaw (A7), Iecava—Stelpe (P92), Jelgava—Iecava (P93), Iecava—Emburga (V1008), Baloži—Iecava (V7), Daugmale—Iecava (V9), Lambārte—Iecava (V1047).

Railway line Jelgava—Krustpils passes near Iecava. This line no has passenger trains.


Peter Fitzgerald (politician)

Peter Gosselin Fitzgerald (born October 20, 1960) is a retired American lawyer and politician.


Mārupe

Mārupe is a town in Latvia with town rights since 2022. It is the center of the Mārupe District. As of 2022, Mārupe had a population of 17,796 people. Mārupe is on small river Mārupīte. Borders of Mārupe meet borders of Riga, the capital of Latvia.

The largest businesses registered in Mārupe in 2020 were: road transport company "Kreiss", auto parts saler "Inter Cars Latvija", computers saler "Also Latvia", electricals and computers saler "MoonCom".

The main road of Mārupe is Riga-Jaunmārupe (P1132). Two big roads are the borders of town: Rīga-Eleja (A8) and Rīga-Ventspils (A10). The center of Riga is 9 km from Mārupe to north-east. Nearest railway passenger station is Tīraine 2 km to west from center of Mārupe. Trains through Tīraine to Riga and Jelgava go 26 times daily. Riga city buses also go to Mārupe.


Daylight (1996 movie)

Daylight is a 1996 British American action thriller movie directed by Rob Cohen and starring Sylvester Stallone, Amy Brenneman, Viggo Mortensen, Jay O. Sanders, Dan Hedaya, Claire Bloom, Vanessa Bell Conway, Karen Young, Danielle Harris, Sage Stallone. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Kel

Kel or KEL may refer to:

Sergio Di Stefano

Sergio Di Stefano (5 July 1939 – 17 September 2010) was an Italian actor and voice actor. He was known for dubbing voices. These include Gregory House in the first six seasons of "House" and William Riker in "". He was also a regular voice dubbing artist for John Malkovich and Jeff Bridges.

Di Stefano died of a heart attack in Rome on 17 September 2010, aged 71.

Sri Lanka Matha

"Sri Lanka Matha" is the national anthem of Sri Lanka.


Karl-August Fagerholm

Karl-August Fagerholm (31 December 1901, Siuntio – 22 May 1984, Helsinki) was Speaker of Parliament and three times Prime Minister of Finland (1948–50, 1956–57, and 1958–59).

Osteopilus

Osteopilus is a group of frogs in the family Hylidae. These frogs have a bony bumps on their skulls. This makes their heads like helmets. These helmet-skulls are called casques. The name "osteopilus" comes from the Greek words "osteo-" for "bone" and "" () for "felt cap." Together, "Osteopilus" means "bone cap." 
These frogs can be brown, brown-gray, or olive green in color with darker markings or patterns. The disks on their toes. They do not have much webbing on their front feet. The eyes and eardrum are large. 
These frogs live in the Greater Antilles and the Bahamas, but human beings have brought "O. septentrionalis" to the Lesser Antilles, Hawaii, and Florida.

There are eight species in this genus:


The Amati Girls

The Amati Girls is a 2001 American drama movie directed by Anne De Salvo and starring Cloris Leachman, Mercedes Ruehl, Paul Sorvino, Mark Harmon, Sean Young, Dinah Manoff, Lee Grant, Sal Viscuso, Jay Acovone, Sam McMurray, Mary Winston, Robert Picardo. 


Adnan Menderes

Adnan Menderes (1899 – 17 September 1961) was a Turkish politician. He was the Prime Minister of Turkey between 1950 and 1960.

Samir Al-Rifai

Samir al-Rifai (;‎ 30 January 1901 – 12 October 1965) was Jordanian politician. He served several terms as the 8th Prime Minister of Jordan.

He was born in Safed.

Leopold Figl

Leopold Figl (2 October 1902 – 9 May 1965) was an Austrian politician of the Austrian People's Party (Christian Democrats) and the first Federal Chancellor after World War II.

He was also the youngest Federal Chancellor of Austria after the war before Sebastian Kurz.

Carlos Luz

Carlos Coimbra da Luz (4 August 1894 – 9 February 1961) was a Brazilian politician, lawyer, teacher and journalist who served as acting President of Brazil from November 8 to November 11, 1955.

Arturo Alessandri Palma

Arturo Fortunato Alessandri Palma (December 20, 1868 – August 24, 1950) was a Chilean political figure and reformer who served thrice as President of Chile, first from 1920 to 1924, then from March to October 1925, and finally from 1932 to 1938.

Charles Robberts Swart

Charles Robberts Swart DMS (5 December 1894 – 16 July 1982), nicknamed Blackie, was a South African politician who served as the last Governor-General of the Union of South Africa from 1959 to 1961 and the first State President of the Republic of South Africa from 1961 to 1967.

Chulalongkorn

Chulalongkorn (Thai: จุฬาลงกรณ์, 20 September 1853 – 23 October 1910) was the fifth monarch of Siam under the House of Chakri, titled Rama V. He was known to the Siamese of his time as Phra Phuttha Chao Luang (พระพุทธเจ้าหลวง, the Royal Buddha).

Vajiravudh

Vajiravudh (Thai: วชิราวุธ, RTGS: Wachirawut, 1 January 1881 – 26 November 1925) was the sixth monarch of Siam under the Chakri dynasty as Rama VI.
He ruled from 23 October 1910 until his death in 1925.

Fher Olvera

José Fernando Emilio "Fher" Olvera Sierra (born 8 December 1959) is a Mexican rock musician and singer-songwriter. He was the lead singer for the Mexican rock band Maná.

Robert L. Vining Jr.

Robert L. Vining Jr. (March 30, 1931 – September 1, 2022) was an American lawyer and politician. He was the United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia from 1979 to 2022. He was nominated to the court by President Jimmy Carter. Vining Jr. was born in Chatsworth, Georgia.

Vining Jr. died on September 1, 2022 in Dalton, Georgia at the age of 91.

Earnie Shavers

Earnie Dee Shaver (August 31, 1944 – September 1, 2022), best known as Earnie Shavers, was an American professional boxer. He was active between 1969 and 1995. He was a two-time world heavyweight championship challenger.

Shavers died at his daughter's home in Virginia from a short-illness on September 1, 2022, one day after his 78th birthday.

Phillip Mann

Anthony Phillip Mann (August 1942 – 1 September 2022) was a British-born New Zealand science fiction writer. He taught drama studies at the Victoria University of Wellington in Wellington. He retired from the position of professor of drama at Victoria in 1998. In the 2017 New Year Honours, Mann was appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to literature and drama.

Mann died in Wellington, New Zealand on 1 September 2022, at the age of 80.

Ravil Maganov

Ravil Ulfatovich Maganov (, ; 25 September 1954 – 1 September 2022) was a Russian businessman. He was the chairman of the national oil company Lukoil.

On 1 September 2022, Maganov died after falling from a sixth-floor window at a hospital in Moscow, Russia at the age of 67. 

Charlbi Dean

Charlbi Dean Kriek ( ; 5 February 1990 – 29 August 2022) was a South African actress and model. She was best known for her roles in the "Spud" movies, "Black Lightning" television series and the 2022 movie "Triangle of Sadness".

Dean died on 29 August 2022 from sepsis at a hospital in New York City at the age of 32.

2022 Pakistan floods

Since June 2022, floods in Pakistan have killed at least 1,191 people, including 399 children. The floods were caused by monsoon rains and melting glaciers. It is the world's deadliest flood since the 2017 South Asian floods. On August 25, Pakistan declared a state of emergency because of the flooding. By August 29, it was said that around 'one-third' of the country was underwater. By September 2, the death toll passed 1,200.

Milutin Šoškić

Milutin Šoškić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милутин Шошкић; 31 December 1937 – 27 August 2022) was a Serbian professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He made 50 appearances for Yugoslavia national football team between 1959 to 1966. He won an Olympic gold medal in 1960.

Šoškić died on 27 August 2022 at the age of 84.

Aptos, California

Aptos (Ohlone for "The People") is an unincorporated town in Santa Cruz County, California.

Manuel Duarte

Manuel Almeida Duarte (29 May 1945 – 2 September 2022) was a Portuguese footballer. He played as a striker. He played for the Portugal national football team, making two appearances in 1966. 

Duarte died on 2 September 2022 at the age of 77.

Cadena nacional

In several Latin American countries, a ' (; plural '), also referred to as a ' () or ' () is a joint transmission through the media, generally radio and television stations, which aims to reach the largest number of inhabitants of a State. These types of broadcasts are usually of a political nature, since they are mostly messages from government authorities about different matters of general interest, as well as the transmission of electoral debates for the elections to the executive power of each country. 

The institutional characteristics of the national chain vary according to the legislation and customs of each country.  It may be a resource officially provided for in legislation or the name may be used informally, to describe a coordinated transmission. The coupling of the different media to the signal of the official chain can also be voluntary or compulsory.  Similarly, the national network can be used for different types of transmissions in addition to the official messages of the State authorities.

During the government of Cristina Kirchner, the number and frequency of "Cadenas Nacionales" increased, some media criticized their use as not limited to cases of "institutional significance".

The then National Senator for Citizen Unity Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, at the presentation of his book "Sinceramente" in Rosario (Argentina), said that "he does not regret the national channels, since otherwise the media would not have shown the public policies of the then President of Argentina". 

During the administration of the President Mauricio Macri, its use decreased.
In Chile, during the period of the Popular Unity, some radio stations (mainly from the opposition), got off the "Cadenas Nacionales" to broadcast their normal programming. At that time they were mandatory.

Another similar situation was the opposition, on the part of the Honduran press, to broadcasting national channels during the government of President Manuel Zelaya, considering that "in the past the "cadena nacional" system was used constantly, mainly by the de facto governments, without satisfactory results".
Mandatory national channels with political content have been strongly criticized by some media, since in some countries they must broadcast content that often differs from their editorial line. 

That was the case of the radio station RCTV in Venezuela, an opponent of Hugo Chávez, which refused to broadcast a message from the ruler in 2007, despite the fact that in said country there is a Law on Social Responsibility in Radio and Television, which obliges radio and television to broadcast information from the Executive Power. Currently, a "Cadena nacional" is broadcast almost every day, normally headed by Nicolás Maduro or Delcy Rodríguez.

Expulsion of Jews from Spain

The decision of King Ferdinand II of Aragon and Queen Isabella of Castile to banish the Jews from Spain in the year 1492. While Jews who converted to Christianity were not banished, Tomás de Torquemada and the Spanish government still tortured many of them. They did not believe that the converted Jews were really Christian in the Spanish Inquisition.

John J. Nance

John J. Nance (born July 5, 1946) is an American pilot, attorney, aviation and healthcare safety analyst, and author.

Nance is also a "New York Times" best-selling author. Two of Nance's books, "Pandora's Clock" and "Medusa's Child", were adapted and broadcast as a four-hour television miniseries for NBC and ABC.


RN

RN or Rn may refer to:


Jack in the Box (album)

Jack in the Box is the debut studio album of South Korean rapper J-Hope, released on July 15, 2022, through Big Hit Music. It contains 10 tracks, including the lead single, "More", which preceded it on July 1, and the follow-up single, "Arson", which was released the same day as the album, together with an accompanying music video. A concept album revolving around the story of Pandora's box, Jack-in-the-Box discusses themes of passion, ambition, humanity, insecurity, success, and anxiety about the future. Primarily an old-school hip hop record, the album features a blend of genres, including pop, grunge, and R&B. 

It has 10 tracks, including the lead single, "More", which preceded it on July 1, and the follow-up single, "Arson", which was released the same day as the album, with a music video. A concept album revolving around the story of Pandora's box, Jack in the Box discusses themes of passion, ambition, humanity, insecurity, success, and anxiety about the future. Primarily an old-school hip hop record, the album features a blend of genres, including pop, grunge, and R&B.


Amalia Granata

Amalia Iris Sabina Granata (Born, February 26, 1981) is an Argentine model, television panelist, politician and pro-life activist. She has been a provincial deputy for the province of Santa Fe since 2019.

In mid-2007 she left for Romania together with his partner, the soccer player Cristian Fabbiani.

A few months later she returned to Argentina, distancing herself from the player with whom she had a daughter, born in 2008 in Rosario (Argentina).

Since February 2016, she has been in a relationship with businessman Leonardo Squarzon, father of her second child.

Us Girls

Us Girls is a BBC sitcom series that aired for 2 seasons and 12 episodes from 27 February, 1992 and 14 April, 1993. It stars Joanne Campbell, Mona Hammond and Marlaine Gordon.


Miklós Róza

Miklós Róza (April 18, 1907 - July 27, 1995) was a Hungarian-American composer.

Greens

Greens may refer to:


Man of the Hole

The Man of the Hole (; – ), or the Tanaru Indian (), was an indigenous person who lived alone in the Amazon rainforest in the Brazilian state of Rondônia. He was probably the only person living in Tanaru Indigenous Territory. The Brazilian government created that territory was created as a protected indigenous territory in 2007.

It is not known what language the Man of the Hole spoke, what his people called themselves, or what his name was. He was the last surviving member of his people after Brazilian settlers killed the other people of his group in a genocide in the 1970s–1990s. The Man of the hole lived alone from the mid-1990s until his death in 2022. From 1996, the Brazilian Fundação Nacional do Índio (FUNAI) monitored and occasionally interacted with him from a distance, but he otherwise chose to remain isolated. Living primarily by hunting and gathering and moving frequently, he left behind a deep hole of unknown purpose in each of his homes. This was the reason for his nickname. The Man of the Hole survived another attack by an armed rancher in 2009. In 2018, his case attracted international attention when FUNAI released a video of him to raise awareness about the threats uncontacted peoples faced in Brazil. He was found dead in one of his homes in August 2022.

Sheezan Mohammed Khan

Sheezan Mohammed Khan (born 9 September 1994), is an Indian actor. He is known for portraying Ali Baba in "".


Pietro Badoglio

Pietro Badoglio, 1st Duke of Addis Abeba, 1st Marquess of Sabotino (28 September 1871 – 1 November 1956), was an Italian general during both World Wars and the first viceroy of Italian East Africa.

With the fall of the Fascist regime in Italy, he became Prime Minister of Italy.

Juan Velasco Alvarado

Juan Francisco Velasco Alvarado (16 June 1910 – 24 December 1977) also known by his initials JVA or JFA, was a Peruvian soldier and politician who served as the 50th President of Peru and the 1st President of the Revolutionary Government of the Armed Forces of Peru from 1968 until his resignation in 1975. He came after a successful coup d'état against his predecessor, Fernando Belaúnde Terry.

Under his presidency, nationalism, as well as left-leaning policies that addressed Indigenous Peruvians, such as nationalization or agrarian reform were adopted. These policies were reversed after another coup d'état in 1975 led by his Prime Minister, Francisco Morales-Bermúdez.

Alvarado kept a low profile until he died in Lima on 24 December 1977, at the age of 67.

Los Angeles runway disaster

USAir Flight 1493 was a scheduled commercial flight that was involved in an accident at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) on February 1, 1991, colliding with SkyWest Airlines Flight 5569. Both planes caught fire after the impact and 35 of their occupants died, and another 29 were injured, thirteen of them seriously.

The conclusions of the accident investigation carried out by the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), established several causes for the accident.

The fact that the ground radar was out of service on the day of the incident was one such root cause, as it would otherwise have been able to detect the presence of the SkyWest aircraft on the runway in time to alert the incoming US Airways flight. Other decisive factors were the lack of synchronicity between the flight progress tabs available to the controllers and the actual position of the aircraft on the airport runways and taxiways, which made the flight aircraft 5569 received incorrect instructions due to its controller's incorrect perception of its location. The poor night lighting of the runways and the glare problems that this lighting caused in the operators of the airport control tower, reducing their ability to see small aircraft during their maneuvers on the taxiways, was another of the determining factors of the Sinister.

The National Transportation Safety Board blamed the airport administration for not having enough staff to handle landings and takeoffs, especially during night operations.

Líneas Aéreas Privadas Argentinas

Líneas Aéreas Privadas Argentinas (), better known by its acronym LAPA, was an Argentine airline. At its peak, it operated international flights to Atlanta, in the United States, Uruguay, and an extensive network of domestic flights throughout the country. It was the first airline to break the monopoly established by Aerolíneas Argentinas and its subsidiary Austral Líneas Aéreas.

On August 31, 1999, its flight 3142 with origin in Buenos Aires and destination to Córdoba, crashed and caused the death of 65 people, one of the most serious accidents in the history of Argentine aviation. The airline went bankrupt and ceased operations on April 20, 2003.


Alex North

Alex North (born Isadore Soifer, December 4, 1910 – September 8, 1991) is an American composer best known for his many film scores.

North born Isador Soifer was born in Chester, Pennsylvania to Jewish parents Jesse and Baila (Bessie) who had left the Russian Empire for the US around 1906.

North died on September 8, 1991 in Los Angeles, California.


Franz Waxman

Franz Waxman (ne Washsmann; December 24, 1906 - February 24, 1967) is a German-born composer and conductor of Jewish descent, known primarily for his work in the film music genre.


Carl W. Stalling

Carl W. Stalling (November 10, 1891 - November 29, 1972) is an American composer, voice actor and arranger for music in animated films.

Stalling was born in Lexington, Missouri to Ernest and Sophia C. Stalling.

Lotte World Tower

The Lotte World Tower () is a , 123-story skyscraper. It is located in Sincheon-dong, Songpa District, Seoul, South Korea. It opened to the public on April 3, 2017. It is currently the tallest building in South Korea and the sixth tallest in the world. It is known as the 5th tallest tower in the world in 2023.

Landmark 81

Landmark 81 is a supertall skyscraper in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. The investor and primary developer is Vinhomes, a Vietnamese company that is also the country's largest real-estate company. Landmark 81 is the tallest building in Vietnam, the second tallest building in Southeast Asia, and the 17th tallest building in the world.

R-7 (rocket family)

The R-7 Semyorka is a family of Russian and Soviet rockets. They were first developed as an intercontinental ballistic missile. Then it evolved into rockets carrying people. Some of the rockets in this family include the Soyuz, Voskhod, and Vostok. The R-7 rockets are known for the korolev cross, which happens when the rockets separate their boosters.

British Cameroon

British Cameroon or the British Cameroons was a British-controlled League of Nations mandate later United Nations trust territory. The territory was originally a German protectorate known as Kamerun. During World War I, it was occupied by British, French and Belgians troops. Following the defeat of Germany, the German protectorate was placed under a League of Nations mandate entrusted to the administration of France for its eastern part and the United Kingdom for its western part.

France controlled most of the former German protectorate (four fifths of it) and was named French Cameroon, while the United Kingdom controlled the rest to the west next to Nigeria, which was under British rule since 1901.

Following the independence of Cameroon and Nigeria in 1960, a referendum was held in the British Cameroons under the supervision of the United Nations, two choices were given to inhabitants, whether they will like to achieve independence by joining Nigeria or by joining Cameroon.

The northern part of the British Cameroons (Northern Cameroons) decided to join Nigeria and the southern part of the British Cameroons (Southern Cameroons) decided to join Cameroon. 

Today the Northern Cameroons forms part of the Adamawa, Borno and Taraba states of Nigeria while the Southern Cameroons forms part of the Northwest and Southwest regions of Cameroon.

Perceptron

In machine learning, the perceptron (or McCulloch-Pitts neuron) is an algorithm to separate two categories of data with a straight boundary. A list of numbers called the weights describe the boundary.

Warren McCulloch and Walter Pitts thought of the perceptron in 1943. Frank Rosenblatt built the first perceptron in 1958.

The algorithm calculates the inner product of a data point and a list of numbers called the weights and then adds another number called the bias. It will group the negative numbers and the positive numbers separately. The algorithm only works if the two groups can be divided with a straight boundary. The groups of data are on opposite sides of the boundary. It can be written as formula_1 where formula_2 is the weights, formula_3 is the data point, and formula_4 is the bias.

Franklin, Maine

Franklin is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Frenchboro, Maine

Frenchboro is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Gouldsboro, Maine

Gouldsboro is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Great Pond, Maine

Great Pond is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Hancock, Maine

Hancock is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Lamoine, Maine

Lamoine is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Mariaville, Maine

Mariaville is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Mount Desert, Maine

Mount Desert is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Orland, Maine

Orland is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Osborn, Maine

Osborn is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Otis, Maine

Otis is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Penobscot, Maine

Penobscot is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Southwest Harbor, Maine

Southwest Harbor is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Stonington, Maine

Stonington is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Sullivan, Maine

Sullivan is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Surry, Maine

Surry is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Swan's Island, Maine

Swan's Island is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Tremont, Maine

Tremont is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Trenton, Maine

Trenton is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Verona Island, Maine

Verona Island is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Waltham, Maine

Waltham is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Winter Harbor, Maine

Winter Harbor is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.

Farewell, My Lovely (1975 movie)

Farewell, My Lovely is a 1975 British American crime mystery thriller movie directed by Dick Richards and is the third adaption of the novel of the same name by Raymond Chandler. It stars Charlotte Rampling, John Ireland, Robert Mitchum, Sylvia Miles (in her Oscar nominated role), Anthony Zerbe, Harry Dean Stanton, Joe Spinell, Sylvester Stallone, Ivor Danvers and was distributed by ITC Entertainment.


Gran Torre Santiago

The Costanera Center Torre 2, better known as Gran Torre Santiago (Great Santiago Tower), and previously known as Torre Gran Costanera, is a 62-story tall skyscraper in Santiago, Chile. It is the second tallest in Latin America (behind Mexico's T.Op Torre 1). It is the fourth-tallest building in the Southern hemisphere (behind New Zealand's Sky Tower, Australia's Q1 Tower and Australia 108).

The Leonardo (Sandton)

The Leonardo is a 55-floor mixed-use building in Sandton, Johannesburg, South Africa. It stands at a height of , taller than the third tallest building in Africa, the Carlton Centre. It is built at 75 Maude Street, approximately 100 metres from the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.

Justin Hurwitz

Justin Gabriel Hurwitz (born January 22, 1985) is an American film composer and television writer. He is best known for his works with director Damien Chazelle, scoring each of his movies: "Guy and Madeline on a Park Bench" (2009), "Whiplash" (2014), "La La Land" (2016), "First Man" (2018), and "Babylon" (2022).

For "La La Land", Hurwitz won two Academy Awards, Best Original Score and Best Original Song, as well as the Golden Globe Awards for Best Original Score and Best Original Song and the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music. He won two more Golden Globes for Best Original Score for "First Man" and "Babylon".

Hurwitz was born in Los Angeles, California to Ken Hurwitz and Gail Halabe. His parents are Jewish.

You're the Voice

"You're the Voice" is a 1986 song by Australian singer John Farnham and was released on 15 September 1986 and was taken from his 12th studio album "Whispering Jack". It topped the charts in Australia for 7 weeks and has been covered by Heart and Alan Parsons.

Twin Towers (movie)

Twin Tower is a 2002 short documentary movie directed by Bill Guttentag and Robert David Port. It depicts the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center. It is about two brothers, policeman Joseph Vigiano and fireman John Vigiano Jr., and their actions during the attacks. The movie was awarded an Oscar for Best Documentary Short at the 2003 Academy Awards honoring movies released in the year 2002.

Jawbreaker (movie)

Jawbreaker is a 1999 American teen black comedy movie directed by Darren Stein and starring Rose McGowan, Rebecca Gayheart, Julie Benz, Judy Greer, Pam Grier, Charlotte Ayanna, Ethan Erickson, Carol Kane, Marilyn Manson, Tatyana Ali. It was distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing.


Black Eagle (1948 movie)

Black Eagle is a 1948 American western movie directed by Robert Gordon and was based on the 1909 short story "The Passing on Black Eye" by O. Henry. It stars William Bishop, Virginia Patton, Gordon Jones, James Bell, Trevor Bardette and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Adolf Butenandt

Adolf Friedrich Johann Butenandt (24 March 1903 – 18 January 1995) was a German biochemist.

He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1939 for his "work on sex hormones."

He initially rejected the award in accordance with government policy, but accepted it in 1949 after World War II.

He was President of the Max Planck Society from 1960 to 1972.

He was also the first, in 1959, to discover the structure of the sex pheromone of silkworms which he named as bombykol.

Eliana Ramos

Eliana Ramos (23 December 1988 – 13 February 2007) was a Uruguayan fashion model who was signed with Dotto Models. On 13 February 2007, Ramos died from a heart attack brought on by anorexia. Her sister Luisel, who was also a model, died from the same cause of death six months before. Their deaths attracted widespread attention in Latin America.

Umberto II of Italy

Umberto II, full name Umberto Nicola Tommaso Giovanni Maria di Savoia (15 September 190418 March 1983), was the last King of Italy. He reigned for 34 days, from 9 May 1946 to 12 June 1946, although he had been "de facto" head of state since 1944 and was nicknamed the May King ().

Umberto was the only son among the five children of King Victor Emmanuel III and Queen Elena. To repair the monarchy's image after the fall of Benito Mussolini's regime, Victor Emmanuel transferred his powers to Umberto in 1944 while retaining the title of king. As a referendum on the abolition of the monarchy was in preparation, Victor Emmanuel abdicated his throne in favour of Umberto in the hope that his exit might bolster the monarchy. However, the referendum passed, Italy was declared a republic, and Umberto lived out the rest of his life in exile in Cascais, on the Portuguese Riviera.


Umberto was granted the traditional title of Prince of Piedmont at birth. This was formalised by Royal Decree on 29 September 1904.



Lycée Henri-IV

The Lycée Henri-IV is a French educational center located in the Latin Quarter of Paris, in the fifth arrondissement of Paris.

The school is recognized for its excellent results in the baccalaureate, in the general competition and in the entrance exams to the Grandes Ecoles, and more specifically in the literary competitions (Ecoles Normales Supérieure de Paris, Lyon and Paris-Saclay, École des Chartes). It is known for its elitism and for having trained many French intellectuals, politicians, scientists and personalities.


Dražen Petrović

Dražen Petrović (22 October 1964 – 7 June 1993) was a Yugoslav and Croatian professional basketball player.

A shooting guard, he initially achieved success playing professional basketball in Europe in the 1980s, before joining the National Basketball Association (NBA) in 1989.

Krešimir Ćosić

Krešimir "Krešo" Ćosić (26 November 1948 – 25 May 1995) was a Croatian-Yugoslavian professional basketball player and coach.

He was a collegiate All-American at Brigham Young University.

He revolutionized basketball in Yugoslavia and was the first basketball player in the world to play all five positions.

Eugene Wigner

Eugene Paul "E. P." Wigner (November 17, 1902 – January 1, 1995) was a Hungarian-American theoretical physicist who also contributed to mathematical physics.

He obtained American citizenship in 1937, and received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1963 "for his contributions to the theory of the atomic nucleus and the elementary particles, particularly through the discovery and application of fundamental symmetry principles".

Milovan Đilas

Milovan Djilas (12 June 1911 – 30 April 1995) was a Yugoslav communist politician, theorist and author.

Ngati

Ngāti is a 1987 New Zealand drama movie directed by Barry Barclay and starring Wi Kuki Kaa and Judy McIntosh. The spoken languages in the movie are Māori and English.


De Lijn

Vlaamse Vervoersmaatschappij De Lijn (English: Flemish transport company "De Lijn"), usually known as De Lijn (, "The Line"), is a company run by the Flemish government in Belgium. 

They provide public transportation with about 2240 buses and 399 trams. De Lijn was founded in 1991. They were made after the public transportation companies of Antwerp and Ghent fused with the Flemish part of the NMVB (Nationale Maatschappij van Buurtspoorwegen, or the "National Company of Neighborhood Railways").
De Lijn operates:


Only 1/2 of the buses with the logo of De Lijn on them are actually owned by De Lijn. The other half are buses owned by private companies, such as Keolis. These companies get paid to drive the services of De Lijn.

10.or

10.or, often pronounced Tenor, is a mobile phone brand. It was launched by Chinese company Huaqin Technology, which was founded in 2005. The brand was launched in India at Amazon India.

In 2017, the company made a debut in India with 10.or E smartphone. It is sold only on Amazon India. The brand made many product launches.

This mobile brand manufactured by Huaqin Technology Co Ltd, a renowned hardware technology solutions provider headquartered in Shanghai, China. With a strong foothold in the industry, Huaqin Technology leads the way in delivering cutting-edge hardware solutions. Their expertise in product development, precision manufacturing, and software and hardware systems operation has earned them a reputation as a top player in the global market. This mobiles are a testament to their commitment to innovation and excellence, offering customers reliable and feature-rich devices that cater to their evolving needs. As a trailblazer in the technology sector, Huaqin Technology continues to set new standards for the industry.

Prior to 2018, three models were launched. They debuted in India in 2017 with the model 10.or E in two variants. It became a hit among the young. It was viewed as a low budget phone with some good features. In August 2018, the 10.or D2 phone was launched. After almost a year, the company launched its latest phone, the 10.or G2, in July 2019. Two variants with 4GB and 6GB RAM were also released.
10.or models include:



Re-Animator

Re-Animator (also called H. P. Lovecraft's Re-Animator) is a 1985 American comedy horror movie directed by Stuart Gordon and produced by Brian Yuzna, the film stars Jeffrey Combs as Herbert West.


Osteopilus ocellatus

The Jamaican laughing frog, Savanna-la-Mar tree frog, or brown tree frog ("Osteopilus ocellatus") is a frog. It lives in Jamaica. Scientists have seen it 1500 meters above sea level.

Loch Veyatie

Loch Veyatie is a Loch in Sutherland in the Highland Council area in northern Scotland. It is between the peaks of Cul Mor and Suliven and is 30 metres deep.

The Loch makes up part of the border between Ross-shire and Sutherland. The main river to flow into Loch Veyatie is Abhain a' Chnocain and the other main inflow is a channel between it and Cam Loch. Flowing out from Loch Veyatie is Uidh Fheàrna a channel which flows into Fionn Loch.

Sutherland

Sutherland is a historic county in northern Scotland. Today, Sutherland is a part of the Highland Council Area.

Loch Urigill

Loch Urigill is a loch in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in northern Scotland.

Patrick Doyle

Patrick Arthur Doyle (born 6 April 1953) is a Scottish film composer with Irish heritage.

Doyle was born on 6 April 1953 in Uddingston, South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Doyle lives with his wife Lesley, with whom he has four children.
Doyle stated composers like James Horner and John Williams as influences.

Alberto Iglesias

Alberto Iglesias Fernández-Berridi (born October 21, 1955) is a Spanish composer.

Alberto Iglesias Fernández-Berridi was born in San Sebastián.
Iglesias stated composers like Bernard Herrmann and Henry Mancini as influences.

Jardine House

Jardine House (), formerly known as Connaught Centre (), is an office tower in Hong Kong. 

Central Plaza

Central Plaza or Plaza Central (Spanish for "Central Square"), may refer to:


Globe Life Field

Globe Life Field is a baseball park in Arlington, Texas. It is the home field of the Major League Baseball team called the Texas Rangers. It is located just south of Choctaw Stadium, the Rangers' former home ballpark.


Gorkha Kingdom

Gorkha Kingdom () was a kingdom on the Indian subcontinent, present-day western Nepal.

Discoid lupus

Discoid lupus erythematosus (also called discoid lupus or DLE) is an autoimmune skin condition. It is the most common type of lupus. It shows as painful, red areas of skin. Many times, it appears on the scalp, cheeks, or ears. A person can lose hair if they have DLE on their scalp. The red areas can scar and last for years if they are not treated.

People with DLE can get red areas by being in the sun for too long. Doctors can find the red areas and treat them. People with DLE can be given sunscreen or steroids for their skin. If this does not work, medication can be used. A common medication for DLE is hydroxychloroquine. 

Shailendra Prasad Sah

Shailendra Prasad Sah (Nepali: शैलेन्द्र प्रसाद साह) is a Nepalese politician. He is a member of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province from People's Socialist Party, Nepal. Sah, a resident of Bishnupur Rural Municipality, Saptari, was elected via 2017 Nepalese provincial elections from Saptari 2(A).

Saptari 2 (constituency)

Saptari 2 () is one of four parliamentary constituencies of Saptari District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Saptari 2 incorporates Rajbiraj Municipality, Mahadeva Rural Municipality, Tilathi Koiladi Rural Municipality, Chinnamasta Rural Municipality.

It encompasses the following Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province segment.

Esteban Bullrich

Esteban José Bullrich (Born, May 26, 1969) is a Bachelor of Systems and Argentine politician. He served as a national senator from 2017 to 2021 for the province of Buenos Aires. He was previously a national deputy (2005-2007, 2009), Minister of Social Development (2007-2008) and Education (2010-2015) of the city of Buenos Aires and Minister of Education of Argentina (2015-2017).

He was born on May 26, 1969 in the City of Buenos Aires. He is the son of Esteban Bullrich Zorraquín (great-grandson of Adolfo Bullrich, founder of what is now known as Patio Bullrich) and María Ocampo Alvear. He is also the third cousin of Patricia Bullrich.

He received a Bachelor of Systems from the CAECE University, and has a Master in Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University (USA). He ventured into politics under the guidance of Ricardo López Murphy. At the age of 34, he led the party's youth, then held the first Vice Presidency of Recreate Capital.
Mauricio Macri became president in 2015, and announced that he would be his minister of education. His mandate ended in 2017, after he became a senator. He was replaced by Alejandro Finocchiaro.

As a senator, he opposed the national campaign for legal, safe and free abortion in 2018, stating religious arguments to do so.

In 2017 he presented himself as the first candidate for senator for Cambiemos in the province of Buenos Aires, winning the elections on October 22 with 42.15% of the votes.

On December 9, 2021, he presented his resignation in the upper house.

Bullrich is married to María Eugenia Sequeiros, with whom he has five children: Luz, Margarita, Agustín, Lucas, and Paz Bullrich. Bullrich is a devout Catholic.

On April 28, 2021, Esteban Bullrich declared to the media that he was diagnosed with Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), a neurodegenerative disease that currently has no cure and whose treatments are palliative.
On June 28, 2022, he appeared at the Movistar Arena stadium located in Buenos Aires, in order to publicize more about his disease and raise funds to create the first Argentine center specialized in the care of ALS patients. This event called "La vida es hoy" ("The Life is today") had the participation of different artists such as Silvina Moreno and Diego Torres.

On August 31, 2022, he was hospitalized for "respiratory difficulty".


Lumen Field

Lumen Field is an American football stadium located in Seattle, Washington. It is home to the NFL's Seattle Seahawks and MLS's Seattle Sounders FC.

Ali Baba (TV series)

Ali Baba is an Indian fantasy television series produced by Peninsula Pictures. It premiered on 22 August 2022 on SAB TV, and stars Sheezan Mohammed Khan and Tunisha Sharma in the titular lead role.

The series follows the life of an orphan Alibaba, from the Mamuli Gali of Kabul, and the challenges he faces while he tries to protect and take care of five other orphan children.




Sohrab Ahmari

Sohrab Ahmari is an American right-wing journalist and political commentator. He was born in Iran. 

Ahmari is a Catholic and a Republican. Ahmari works at the New York Post. Ahmari supported Donald Trump as president of the United States. He wrote an opinion piece for the Christian website First Things called Against David Frenchism which criticized David French and other Never Trumpers.

Never Trump Movement

Never Trump Movement is a nickname for American conservatives opposed to Donald Trump.

Joel Crawford (movie director)

Joel Crawford is an American storyboard artist and director. He is best known for his work on several DreamWorks Animation films, including "" (2020).

In 2006, Joel Crawford joined DreamWorks Animation, where he served as a story artist on "Shrek Forever After", "Rise of the Guardians", the "Kung Fu Panda" trilogy, The Lego Movie, and "Bee Movie". In October 2017, Crawford signed on to direct "", replacing both Kirk DeMicco and Chris Sanders as director. In November 2017, Crawford directed "Trolls Holiday", a half-hour Christmas-themed spinoff of the 2016 film "Trolls". In March 2021, Crawford replaced Bob Persichetti as director of the 2022 film "".

Bari Weiss

Bari Weiss (born March 25, 1984) is an American journalist and political commentator who considers herself centre-left. Weiss is a Zionist. When she was a student at Columbia University she made a documentary called Columbia Unbecoming which accused several professors of anti-Semitism because of their comments about Israel. For several years Weiss worked as a journalist at the New York Times. Weiss caused a lot of controversy when she interviewed Bret Weinstein, said that Aziz Ansari wasn’t actually guilty of sexual assault defended Brett Kavanaugh when he was accused of rape complained that people who supported left-wing politics were too quick to accuse other people of fascism and promoted the Intellectual dark web. Weiss later said she had gone through a lot of bullying, harassment and anti-Semitism when at the New York Times since she didn’t agree with everything that they said so she quit. Since then Weiss started her own substack called The Free Press. 

Weiss wrote a book on how to resist anti-Semitism. Weiss is in a lesbian marriage to Nellie Bowles.

Loch Dionard

Loch Dionard is a loch in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in northern Scotland. It is in the North-Western Highlands four miles south of Polla.

The name may be from dyn-fjordr, 'noisy-firth.'

The first mentions of Loch Dionard were in the late 16th or early 17th Century with the Loch being mapped and named as Dynard.

Fionn Loch (Suilven)

Fionn Loch is a loch in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in northern Scotland.

Cam Loch, Sutherland

Cam Loch is a loch in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in northern Scotland.

Loch Assynt

Loch Assynt is a loch in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in northern Scotland.

Bret Weinstein

Dr. Bret Weinstein is a biologist whose area of study is evolution. 
Weinstein was a professor at Evergreen State University. Evergreen had a tradition where black students would not go there one day a year called The Day of Absence to remind everyone how much they needed black people. Then the college decided to say that from now on The Day of Absence would have to be all white students who would not come during the Day of Absence. Dr. Bret Weinstein said that telling white people not to go to school one day a year was racist and therefore opposed it. Several students launched riots in protest and accused him of being a white supremacist. Dr. Bret Weinstein and his wife Dr. Heather Heying then quit and were interviewed about what happened by Bari Weiss, Tucker Carlson, Dave Rubin, Eric Weinstein, Ben Shapiro and Joe Rogan. 

Dr. Bret Weinstein was in the documentary No Safe Spaces with Dennis Prager and Adam Carolla. 

Bret Weinstein and his wife Dr Heather Heying wrote a book called A Hunter-Gatherer’s Guide to Life in the 21st Century and co-host a podcast called The Dark Horse Podcast.

Bret Weinstein has caused controversy due to him believing that Ivermectin can be used to treat Covid and because of him not believing that the Covid vaccine works. Bret Weinstein is also part of the Intellectual dark web.

Loch na Gainimh

Loch na Gainimh is a loch in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in northern Scotland.

Loch Poll

Loch Poll is a loch in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in northern Scotland.

Loch Beannach, Assynt

Loch Beannach is a loch in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in northern Scotland.

Kevin D. Williamson

Kevin Daniel Williamson is an American journalist and political commentator. He works for National Review, the New York Post and The Dispatch.

Williamson wrote a book called The End is Near and it’s going to be Awesome which criticized alarmism. Williamson was a Republican before 2016 when he became one of many conservatives who were Never Trumpers. 

Then he wrote a book called The Case Against Trump about why no one should ever vote for Donald Trump. Williamson left National Review to work for The Atlantic but was fired for believing that abortion should be a crime with the same punishment as murder. 

He also wrote a book about cancel culture called The Smallest Minority. Williamson has a lot of libertarian opinions but he has some pro-government positions like having written in support of using the government to force people to get vaccinated against Covid. Williamson was criticized for this by Charles C.W. Cooke. 

He also wrote a book called Big White Ghetto about subcultures that exist among white people in the United States.

Eric Weinstein

Dr. Eric Weinstein is a mathematician and physicist who works for Peter Thiel. He hosts a science podcast called The Portal. 

Weinstein voted for Bernie Sanders in 2016 and says he supports left-wing politics. But he’s also very critical of political correctness and identity politics and is good friends with Ben Shapiro, Jordan Peterson and Douglas Murray. He is also very critical of Candace Owens and Donald Trump and has said “I’m not a free speech absolutist”. Eric Weinstein is Bret Weinstein’s brother.

Douglas Murray (author)

Douglas Murray is a British journalist and political commentator. He calls himself a Neoconservative.

Douglas Murray wrote an award-winning biography of Oscar Wilde’s lover Alfred Douglas. Murray wrote a play about Raoul Wallenberg and a book called Neoconservatism: Why We Need It about why he’s a neoconservative. He also wrote a book called The Strange Death of Europe which criticized the European Union and filmed a Prager University video about it. 

Douglas Murray is homosexual but is opposed to gay identity politics and wrote a book called The Madness of Crowds criticizing identity politics and cancel culture. Murray wrote a book called The War on the West about how Western Civilization is actually good. Douglas Murray criticized Donald Trump for saying that the election of 2020 was rigged.

Cyrus Mistry

Cyrus Mistry (born Cyrus Pallonji Mistry; 4 July 1968 – 4 September 2022), was an Indian businessman. He was the chairperson of Tata Group from 2012 to 2016. He was the sixth chairman of the group. He was born in present-day Mumbai, India.

Mistry was killed in a car crash on 4 September 2022 in Charoti, India at the age of 54. His father, Pallonji Mistry died two months before him.

Thorkild Simonsen

Thorkild Simonsen (7 July 1926 – 4 September 2022) was a Danish politician. He member of the Social Democrats. He was mayor of Århus from 1982 to 1997 and Interior Minister of Denmark from 1997 to 2000.

Simonsen died on 4 September 2022, at the age of 96.

Shavez Hart

Shavez Hart (6 September 1992 – 3 September 2022) was a Bahamian track and field sprinter. His 200 metres personal best of 20.23 makes him the fourth fastest Bahamian of all time.

On 3 September 2022 Hart was shot dead in North Abaco, Bahamas three days before his 30th birthday.

Yuri Bashkatov

Yuri Nikolayevich Bashkatov (, ; 20 June 1968 – 3 September 2022) was a Soviet (Moldovan) freestyle swimmer. He competed at the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics, winning silver medals in both events.

What Is a Woman?

What is a Woman? is a 2022 documentary from Matt Walsh of The Daily Wire. In it, Walsh goes around the world to interview several different people and ask them if they could tell him what a woman is. In it Walsh argues that a woman is an adult human female and Walsh argued that someone who is born male but is transgender is not actually a woman. Walsh’s critics said that the documentary was prejudiced against transgender people. J.K. Rowling praised the documentary and said it did a good job.

Peter Eckersley (computer scientist)

Peter Daniel Eckersley (15 June 1979 – 2 September 2022) was an Australian computer scientist, computer security researcher, and activist. From 2006 to 2018 he worked at the Electronic Frontier Foundation. He was the head of AI policy. He became director of research at the Partnership on AI in 2018 and left the role in 2020.

On 31 August 2022, Eckersley was diagnosed with cancer. He died two days later while preparing to have surgery in San Francisco, California at the age of 43.

Mišo Cebalo

Mišo Cebalo (6 February 1945 – 2 September 2022) was a Croatian chess Grandmaster. He won the 19th World Senior Chess Championship at Condino 2009. In 2011 he was awarded the title of FIDE Senior Trainer.

Cebalo died on 2 September 2022 in Zagreb, Croatia at the age of 77.

Matt Walsh (political commentator)

Matt Walsh is an American Christian conservative who works at The Daily Wire. Walsh, as a joke, calls himself a theocratic fascist on Twitter. Walsh criticized Pete Buttigieg for having adopted kids since Walsh is opposed to gay adoption and gay marriage. Walsh criticized Kristi Noem for vetoing a law that would ban private companies from forcing their workers to get vaccinated against COVID-19. Carrie Underwood caused some controversy when she tweeted a video of Walsh attacking school mask mandates. Walsh is known for the question "What is a woman?" and wrote a children’s book called Johnny the Walrus criticizing affirmation of transgenderism in children. Walsh also made a documentary called What is a Woman?, which was praised by JK Rowling.

Diane Noomin

Diane R. Noomin ( Rosenblatt, May 13, 1947 – September 1, 2022) was an American comics artist. She was known for her works in the underground comics movement. She is best known for her character DiDi Glitz.

Noomin was the editor of the anthology series "Twisted Sisters". Her other best known works were in "Wimmen's Comix", "Young Lust", "Arcade", and "Weirdo". 

Noomin died on September 1, 2022 in San Francisco, California at the age of 75.

Johnny the Walrus

Johnny the Walrus is a book by Matt Walsh. 

It is about a woman whose son Johnny pretends to be a walrus for fun and who then tries to force Johnny to live his life as if he actually were a walrus because people on the Internet tell her that she’s a bad person if she doesn’t but who is eventually convinced by a zookeeper that he is a human not an animal and that she should ignore what the Internet people say. Walsh has said that the book is an allegory for the issue of transgender children.

Barbara Ehrenreich

Barbara Ehrenreich (, ; ; August 26, 1941 – September 1, 2022) was an American writer and political activist. She was a well known person in the Democratic Socialists of America movement. Ehrenreich was best known for her 2001 book "Nickel and Dimed: On (Not) Getting By in America".

Ehrenreich died on September 1, 2022 under hospice care in Alexandria, Virginia from a stroke, six days after her 81st birthday.

Gheorghe Berceanu

Gheorghe Berceanu (28 December 1949 – 30 August 2022) was a Romanian light-flyweight Greco-Roman wrestler. He won the world title in 1969 and 1972. He won an Olympic gold medal in 1972 in Munich and a silver in 1976 in Montreal. Berceanu spent most of his career at Steaua București, and later worked there as a coach.

Berceanu died on 30 August 2022, at the age of 72.

Barry Boehm

Barry William Boehm (May 16, 1935 – August 20, 2022) was an American software engineer. He was a distinguished professor of computer science, industrial and systems engineering at the University of Southern California. He was known for his works in the area of software engineering. 

Boehm died on August 20, 2022 at the age of 87.

Ministry of Education (Argentina)

The Ministry of Education (; ME) is a public body dependent on the National Executive Power (PEN) of Argentina. It is in charge of guaranteeing an integral, permanent and quality education for all the inhabitants of the country. It is the one that establishes the educational policy and controls its fulfillment.

The Government and Administration of the National Educational System is a concurrent and concerted responsibility of the executive power through the Ministry and the Executive Powers of the Provinces and the Government of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires. The National State sets educational policy and controls its compliance in order to consolidate national unity, respecting provincial and local particularities and is the one that guarantees the financing of the National Educational System.

Kazuo Inamori

Inamori was elected as a member into the National Academy of Engineering in 2000.

Inamori died on 24 August 2022 in Kyoto City, Japan at the age of 90.

Peter Stephan Zurbriggen

Peter Stephan Zurbriggen (27 August 1943 – 28 August 2022) was a Swiss archbishop of the Catholic Church. He was a diplomat for the Holy See from 1993 until his retirement in 2018. He was Apostolic Nunzio to Austria from 2009 to 2018.

Manzoor Hussain (field hockey)

Manzoor Hussain (28 October 1958 – 29 August 2022), better known as Manzoor Junior, was a Pakistani field hockey player. He won a bronze medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics and a gold medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Emilio Trivini

Emilio Trivini (5 April 1938 – 27 August 2022) was an Italian rower. He won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics and a bronze at the 1964 European Championships.

Manolo Sanlúcar

Manolo Sanlúcar (born Manuel Muñoz Alcón, 24 November 1943 – 27 August 2022) was a Spanish flamenco composer and guitarist. He was seen as one of the most important flamenco composers.

Hana Zagorová

Hana Zagorová (6 September 1946 – 26 August 2022) was a Czech singer-songwriter, actress, and presenter. She won the national Zlatý slavík music award, nine times between 1977 and 1985. 

Nel Noddings

Nel Noddings (; January 19, 1929 – August 25, 2022) was an American feminist, educator, and philosopher. She was best known for her work in philosophy of education. 

Noddings was born in Key Largo, Florida on August 25, 2022 at the age of 93.

Ruth Porat

Ruth Porat (born 1958) is a British-American businesswoman who is the Chief Financial Officer of Alphabet and Google since 2015.

Graziella Galvani

Graziella Galvani (27 June 1931 – 25 August 2022) was an Italian actress. Her best known roles were in "Kapò" (1960), "Ghosts of Rome" (1961), "Shivers in Summer" (1963), "Pierrot le Fou" (1965), "El Diablo también llora" (1965), "Nick Carter and Red Club" (1965), "Unknown Woman" (1969), "Open Letter to an Evening Daily" (1970), "Fiorina la vacca" (1972), "Seduction" (1973), "Miracles Still Happen" (1974), "La terrazza" (1980) and "Tre colonne in cronaca" (1990).

Galvani died on 25 August 2022 in Urbino, Italy at the age of 91.

Joey DeFrancesco

Joey DeFrancesco (April 10, 1971August 25, 2022) was an American jazz organist, trumpeter, saxophonist, and singer. He released more than 30 albums under. 

DeFrancesco died at his home in Phoenix, Arizona on August 25, 2022, at the age of 51.

Springfield Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania

Springfield Township, or simply Springfield, is a township in Delaware County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The population was 25,070 at the 2020 census. Springfield is a suburb of Philadelphia. It is about west of the city.

Durness

Durness is a village and civil parish in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area near the north western corner of Scotland.

Cape Wrath

Cape Wrath is a cape in the Durness parish in Sutherland in the highland council area in northern Scotland. It is the most North-west piece of land on Great Britain. A large part of the cape is owned by the MoD and used as a shooting range.

Strabeg

Strabeg is a rural locality and bothy in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in northern Scotland. Some hiking routes pass through Strabeg and Strabeg is accessible only on foot.

Michael J. Knowles

Michael John Knowles (born March 18, 1990) is an American former actor and political commentator. He co-hosts a podcast with Ted Cruz.

In 2016, Knowles wrote an article for The Daily Wire called“An Actual Conservative’s Guide to the Alt-Right. In it, he criticized Milo Yiannopoulos, Steve Bannon and Donald Trump and accused them of being too close to the alt-right. In the same article Knowles criticized the alt-right for racism and anti-Semitism. He said it went against the ethics and morals of Christianity.

Since then Knowles filmed a Prager University video called “What is the Alt-Right. Knowles said that the alt-right actually had much more in common with left-wing politics than with right-wing politics. Knowles wrote a book called Reasons to Vote for Democrats about all the reasons to vote for the Democratic Party of the United States and the book had no words in it as a joke. It was praised by Ben Shapiro and Donald Trump. 

Knowles also filmed a Prager University video called “Control the Words, Control the Culture”. It is about how language can be used as a political tool. And inspired by that video, Knowles wrote a book called Speechless: Controlling Words, Controlling Minds. He argues that conservatives should support certain forms of censorship and cancel culture to fight back against left-wing politics. 

He also filmed a Prager University video called Conservatives Are the Real Environmentalists in which he says that right-wing politics are better for the environment than left-wing politics are. 

He also made a Prager University video called Celebrating Columbus. He says people should continue to celebrate Columbus Day despite criticism of Christopher Columbus. 
Knowles also hosts a book club for Prager University.

Knowles was banned from ever again appearing on Fox News after he called Greta Thunberg a “mentally ill child” being exploited by the Left. In 2022, The New York Times criticized Knowles for having said on Twitter “the 2020 election was obviously rigged”. Knowles is also extremely critical of Never Trumpers.

Sidecar

A sidecar is a small, one-wheeled vehicle that attaches to the side of a motorcycle. This allows one or two additional passengers to be carried in the vehicle. The sidecar's wheel is not in line with any of the motorcycle's wheels.

German troops used many motorcycles with sidecars in World War II, from the BMW and Zündapp brands.

Kenelm Winslow

Kenelm Winslow (April 29, 1599 – September 13, 1672) was a pilgrim who traveled to Plymouth, Massachusetts in 1629.

Winslow was born on April 29, 1599 in Droitwich, England. His parents were Edward and Magdalene Winslow. In 1629, he traveled to Plymouth, Massachusetts with his brother Josiah. In 1640, he became the town surveyor. He was fined ten shillings for neglecting the highway shortly after becoming the town surveyor.

In 1641, he moved to Marshfield, Massachusetts. Winslow became deputy in the Massachusetts General Court in 1653 for eight years. Kenelm was a joiner, farmer, and shipper. In 1669, he was one of the 26 owners of Assonet, Massachusetts.

His brother was Edward Winslow. Winslow was married to Eleanor Adams in June 1634. They had four children. Winslow died on September 13, 1672 in Salem, Massachusetts.


Christ lag in Todes Banden, BWV 4

Christ lag in Todes Banden ("Christ lay in death's bonds"), BWV 4, is a cantata by Johann Sebastian Bach. It is one of Bach's earliest cantatas. It was written for Easter Sunday. The cantata is based on the hymn "Christ lag in Todesbanden" by Martin Luther. 

The cantata may have been written in 1707. At the time, Bach was working in Mühlhausen. Bach performed the cantata again in Leipzig. He changed parts of the cantata. However, the changes were not big.

The cantata is written for SATB choir, a cornetto, three trombones, two violins, a viola, and basso continuo. The cornetto and trombones play in unison with the choir. The cantata has eight movements:

Every movement has the melody of the hymn tune. Unlike many of Bach's other cantatas, BWV 4 does not have any recitatives.

Foreigner (album)

Foreigner is a 1977 debut studio album by British American hard rock band Foreigner released on 8 March, 1977. It went to number 4 in the United States and number 9 in Australia.

Big Hero 6 (comics)

Big Hero 6 is a superhero team created by Man of Action, and published by Marvel Comics. 

In 2014, Disney made the series into the computer-animated movie "Big Hero 6", the movie inspired by the characters.

Swiss Football Association

The Swiss Football Association (, , , ) is the leading body of football in Switzerland. It organizes the football league, the Swiss Football League and the Switzerland national football team. It is based in Bern.

It was formed in 1895 and was a founding member of FIFA in 1904 and joined UEFA in 1954. FIFA is now based in Switzerland at Zürich. Also UEFA is based in the Swiss city of Nyon.



South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation

The South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) or South Asian Union (SAU), is a international organization in South Asia. Its member states are Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka.

Hong Kong University of Science and Technology

The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST) is a public university in Clear Water Bay, Hong Kong. It was established in 1991.

It was ranked 27th in the world and second in the "Top 50 Under 50" by QS 2021. It was ranked first in the "Times Higher Education Young University Rankings" in 2019.
The university has four main academic schools. They are science, engineering, business and management, humanities and social science. The university also has the Interdisciplinary Programmes Office, HKUST Jockey Club Institute for Advanced Study, and HKUST Institute for Public Policy.

Pahari people (Kashmir)

Pahari people (Kashmir) may refer to:


Homicidal

Homicidal is a 1961 American horror thriller movie directed by William Castle and starring Glenn Corbett, Alan Bunce, Patricia Breslin, Eugenie Leontovich, Ralph Moody. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Om Prakash Sharma (Nepali politician)

Om Prakash Sharma (Nepali: ओम प्रकाश शर्मा) is a Nepali politician of Nepali Congress and Minister for Energy and Drinking water since 9 June 2021. He is also serving as member of the Madhesh Province Provincial Assembly.

Upendra Yadav

Upendra Yadav () is a Nepalese politician. 
He has served as the chairman of the People's Socialist Party, Nepal since 2020. 

He has been the Member of Parliament for Saptari 2 since 2017. He served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Nepal under the government of KP Sharma Oli from 2018 to 2020. He also served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Dahal cabinet from 2008 to 2009 and in the Khanal cabinet in 2011.

Abortion laws

Abortion laws specify under what circumstances a woman can get an abortion. Getting an abortion means that the pregnancy is ended early, without the birth of a child. These laws vary widely, by country, and sometimes by area. They have also changed over time.

As of 2022, about 60% of the people live in a country that allows abortion, under some circumstances. When abortion is legal, it may mean that only part of the reasons are recognized, or that it is only legal for part of the pregnany.

Generally, there are the following options, from the most liberal, to the most restrictive, when a pregancy can be ended:

Common reasons for allowing an abortion:

Abortion is a controversial subject in many societies: People argue in favor or arganist it, using argumrnts from religion, moral and ethical values, or practical or political reasons. Note that legally outlawing abortions will not stop people from getting an abortion: They may get an unsafe abortion, which is riskier than a legal abortion. A study done in 2007 found that abortion rates were similar in countries where abortion was legal, and those countries where it wasn't. Very often, people get an abortion, because they do not have easy access to modern contraceptives. According to the same study, the number of abortions is decreasing, because contraceptives are more commonly available.

The table below lists in chronological order the United Nations member states that have legalized abortion on request in at least some initial part of the pregnancy, or that have fully decriminalized abortion. As of July 2022, 65 countries have legalized or decriminalized abortion on request.

Where a country has legalized abortion on request, prohibited it, and legalized it again (e.g., former Soviet Union, Romania), only the later year is included. Countries that result from the merger of states where abortion on request was legal at the moment of unification show the year when it became legal across the whole national territory (e.g., Germany, Vietnam). Similarly, countries where not all subnational jurisdictions have legalized abortion on request are not included (e.g., leading to the exclusion of Australia, Mexico, the United Kingdom and the United States). Countries are counted even if they were not yet independent at the time. The year refers to when the relevant law or judicial decision came into force, which may be different from the year when it was approved.

Johann Adolf Hasse

Johann Adolf Hasse (also spelled Johann Adolph Hasse; baptised 25 March 1699 16 December 1783) was a German composer, singer, and music teacher. He was an important opera composer in the 18th century.

Hasse was born in Bergedorf, near Hamburg. His father and grandfather were organists. He studied in Hamburg from 1714 to 1717. In 1718 he joined the Hamburg State Opera. He was a tenor singer. In 1719, he started working in Braunschweig. He performed operas written by Georg Schürmann, Francesco Conti and Antonio Caldara. His own opera, "Antioco", was performed in Brunswick in 1721. It is his only opera which is written in the German language.

He might have left Germany in 1722. He went to Naples. In Naples, he converted (changed his religion) to Catholicism. He learned to write music and counterpoint with Alessandro Scarlatti. Hasse's first opera in Italy was "Il Sesotrate". It was performed on 13 May 1726. The opera was a success. It made him a famous composer and musician.

In 1730 Hasse visited Venice. He married Faustina Bordoni, an opera singer. His opera "Artaserse" was performed there. It was his first opera which uses Metastasio's text. The opera was a success.

He became the "Kapellmeister" of the Dresden court in around 1730. He arrived at Dresden in 1731. His employer was King August II of Poland. He wrote operas and church music in Dresden. In Dresden, he wrote the opera "Cleofide". The opera uses text by Metastasio. Johann Sebastian Bach and his son Wilhelm Friedemann Bach may have watched the opera's first performance. On the next day, Bach performed on the organ. Hasse might have watched Bach play the organ. Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach said that his father and Hasse were good friends.

As part of his job, Hasse did not have to stay in Dresden. From 1733 to 1734 he stayed in Italy. He wrote music for the Ospedale degli Incurabili, an orphanage in Venice. He also went to Vienna. He taught Archduchess Maria Theresa of Austria how to sing. Hasse came back to Dresden in December 1733. He wrote new operas. He also wrote some church music. In 1734, the king of Poland went to Warsaw. Hasse went back to Italy. He stayed in Italy until 1737. 

He went back to Dresden in 1740. He wrote the operas "Antigono" and "Ipermestra". The text for these operas were written by Metastasio. Hasse and Metastasio became good friends. They wrote many operas together.

Hasse moved to Venice in 1773. He taught singing and wrote music for the Incurabili. He died in 1783. People forgot about him after he died.

Bride kidnapping

 
Bride kidnapping is when a man abducts the woman he wants to marry. The practice is also known as marriage by abduction or marriage by capture,

Bride kidnapping (which is often shortened to bridenapping) has been practiced around the world, throughout history. Peoples as diverse as the Hmong in Southeast Asia, the Tzeltal in Mexico, and the Romani in Europe have done it.

Bride kidnapping still occurs in different parts of the world. It is most common in the Caucasus and Central Asia.

Most countries see bride kidnapping as a sex crime, and not as a valid form of marriage. In some cases, it is seen somewhere between a forced marriage and an arranged one. 

In many cases, the woman will cooperate with the kidnapper, to save her face, or to save the honour of her family or her parents. 

Many countries also have laws that say that this is not a crime, if the woman later marries the man. Very often, there are also customs, which see bride kidnapping as some form of tradition.

In most nations, bride kidnapping is considered a sex crime because of the implied element of rape, rather than a valid form of marriage. Some types of it may also be seen as falling along the continuum between forced marriage and arranged marriage. The term is sometimes confused with elopements, in which a couple runs away together and seeks the consent of their parents later. In some cases, the woman cooperates with or accedes to the kidnapping, typically in an effort to save face for herself or her parents. In many jurisdictions, this used to be encouraged by so-called marry-your-rapist laws. Even in countries where the practice is against the law, if judicial enforcement is weak, customary law ("traditional practices") may prevail.

Bride kidnapping is often (but not always) a form of child marriage. It may be connected to the practice of bride price, wealth paid by the groom and his family to the bride's parents, and the inability or unwillingness to pay it.

Bride kidnapping is when one man (or a man and his friends) abduct one woman. When this is done on a larger scale (a large group of men abducting many women), this is known as raptio, and different from bride kidnapping. In the 21st century, there have been more cases of war rape, which may have elements of bride kidnapping. Women and girls abducted by groups such as Boko Haram in Nigeria, the Lord's Resistance Army in Uganda and ISIS in the Middle East have been taken as wives by their abductors.

In some countries, there are still rituals, which involve a symbolic bride kidnapping as part of a wedding. Some say that the honeymoon is a relic of such a practice: the husband going into hiding with his wife to avoid reprisals from her relatives, with the intention that the woman would be pregnant by the end of the month.

Jamaican snoring frog

The Jamaican snoring tree frog, lichened tree toad, green-backed tree toad, or Harlan's Antilles frog ("Osteopilus crucialis") is a frog. It lives in Jamaica. Scientists have seen it as high as 1200 meters above sea level.

Boris Lagutin

Boris Nikolayevich Lagutin () (24 June 1938 – 4 September 2022) was a Soviet light middleweight boxer. He was born in Moscow, Russia. He won a bronze medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics and two gold medals at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics.

Lagutin died on 4 September 2022 in Moscow at the age of 84.

Rodrigo González Torres

Rodrigo René González Torres (26 September 1941 – 4 September 2022) was a Chilean politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2002 until his death. He was a member of the Party for Democracy. He was also Mayor of Viña del Mar from 1992 to 1994 and again from 1996 to 2000. He was born in Viña del Mar, Chile.

González Torres died on 4 September 2022 from an aortic dissection in Viña del Mar at the age of 80.

2022 Saskatchewan stabbings

On September 4, 2022, a stabbing spree happened in thirteen locations on the and in Weldon, Saskatchewan, Canada. 10 people were killed and 15 others hospitalized. It is one of the deadliest massacres in Canadian history. 15 others were also hospitalized.

31-year-old Damien Sanderson and 30-year-old Myles Sanderson were the suspects. Myles Sanderson was caught, but shortly after went into distress and died. Some of the victims are believed to have been targeted, while others were randomly attacked.

Hero – Gayab Mode On

Hero – Gayab Mode On was an Indian fantasy television series. It was produced by Peninsula Pictures. THe series was first broadcast on 7 December 2020 on SAB TV. It starred Abhishek Nigam in the title role with Yesha Rughani and Tunisha Sharma.

The series is about a man who found a ring which gave him supernatural powers. He had to fight alien forces who were after the ring. He had to save the world with the help of his friends and family.



Mangal Pandey

Mangal Pandey (1827 - 8 April 1857) was an Indian solider. He was a soldier of the Bengal Army under the East India Company. He was known for actions in the events just after the start of the Indian rebellion of 1857.

Pandey was born in 1827 at Nagwa. It is a village of upper Ballia district in what is now Uttar Pradesh. He was born to a Hindu Saryupareen Brahmin family .

He joined the Bengal Army in 1849. He was a sepoy (private solider) at 5th Company of 34th Bengal Native Infantry (BNI).

Pandey was part of the revolution against the East India Company. They rebelled because the Company brought a new weapon. It was called the Enfield Rifle. These rifles had cartridges which were greased with the fats of animals. Many Indian soldiers believed that the fat was made of cows which are a holy animal for Hindu. This lead to the Sepoy Mutiny. 

Pandey shot two British officers. He was tried in a military court. He was accused of working against Company. He was hanged on 8 April 1857 at Barrackpore in Bengal Presidency.



Lars Vogt

Lars Vogt (8 September 1970 – 5 September 2022) was a German concert pianist and conductor. Vogt was born in Düren, Germany. He became known after winning the 1990 Leeds International Piano Competition. He founded the festival 'Spannungen' in Heimbach (Eifel) in 1998. In October 2019, the Orchestre de chambre de Paris (OCP) announced the appointment of Vogt as its new music director. 

In February 2021, Vogt was diagnosed with cancer. He died on 5 September 2022 from the disease three days before his 52nd birthday.

Klyuchevskaya Sopka

Klyuchevskaya Sopka (; also known as Klyuchevskoi, ) is a stratovolcano, the highest mountain and the highest active volcano of Siberia. It is about from the Bering Sea. It appeared 6,000 years ago. Its first recorded eruption occurred in 1697. It was first climbed in 1788 by Daniel Gauss.

2022 Luding earthquake

A magnitude 6.6 or 6.8 earthquake hit Luding County in Sichuan province, China on 5 September 2022. The epicenter was located from Chengdu. A total of 46 people died, 50 were injured and 16 were missing.

Asphyxiant gas

Chemical asphyxiants, which interfere with the transportation or absorption of oxygen in the body, include hydrogen cyanide and carbon monoxide – these should be treated as toxic gases (meaning that a lab-specific SOP is required). Examples include nitrogen, argon, helium, methane, propane, carbon dioxide.

Bob Locker

Robert Awtry Locker (March 15, 1938 – August 15, 2022) was an American Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher. He pitched from 1965 to 1975 for five different teams. He played for Chicago White Sox, Milwaukee Brewers, Oakland Athletics and the Chicago Cubs.

Locker died in Bozeman, Montana, on August 15, 2022. He was 84.

Gérard Vignoble

Gérard Antoine Gaston Vignoble (29 October 1945 – 22 August 2022) was a French politician. He was a member of the Centre of Social Democrats. He was in the National Assembly from 1988 to 1997 and again from 2002 to 2007.

Vignoble died in Dinard, France on 22 August 2022 at the age of 76.

Dinard

Dinard (; , ; Gallo: "Dinard") is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department, Brittany, northwestern France.

Esther Cooper Jackson

Esther Victoria Cooper Jackson (August 21, 1917 – August 23, 2022) was an American civil rights activist and social worker. She was one of the founding editors of the magazine "Freedomways". She also was an organizational and executive secretary at the Southern Negro Youth Congress.

Jackson died at a retirement center in Boston, Massachusetts on August 23, 2022, two days after turning 105.

Paul Knox

Thomas Paul Patrick Knox (November 23, 1933 – August 24, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played in one National Hockey League game for the Toronto Maple Leafs from 1954 to 1955. He won the bronze medal for Canada at the 1956 Winter Olympics. 

Knox died on August 24, 2022 in Southampton, Canada at the age of 88.

Lily Renée

Lily Renée Phillips ("née" Willheim; May 12, 1921 – August 24, 2022), often known as L. Renée, Lily Renée, or Reney, was an Austrian-born American artist. She best known as one of the earliest women in the comic-book industry. Her best known works were "Jane Martin", "The Werewolf Hunter", "The Lost World" and "Señorita Rio".

Renée celebrated her 100th birthday in May 2021, and died on August 24, 2022, at the age of 101.

Giles Radice

Giles Heneage Radice, Baron Radice, (4 October 1936 – 25 August 2022) was a British Labour politician and author. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1973 to 2001. He later became a member of the House of Lords from 2001 until shortly before his death in 2022.

Radice died from cancer on 25 August 2022, at age 85.

Lee Thomas (baseball)

James Leroy Thomas (February 5, 1936 – August 31, 2022) was an American first baseman and right fielder, coach and front-office executive in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played for six teams from 1961 to 1968. He played for the New York Yankees, Los Angeles Angels, Boston Red Sox, Atlanta Braves, Chicago Cubs and the Houston Astros.

Thomas died at his home in St. Louis, Missouri on August 31, 2022, at age 86.

Domingo Liotta

Domingo Santo Liotta (29 November 1924 – 31 August 2022) was an Argentine surgeon. His works were about heart surgery. He was said to have created multiple cardiac prostheses. He also helped create the first total artificial heart used in a human being.

Liotta died on 31 August 2022, at the age of 97.

Gwendolyn Midlo Hall

Gwendolyn Midlo Hall (June 27, 1929 – August 29, 2022) was an American historian. She focused on the history of slavery in the Caribbean, Latin America, Louisiana (United States), Africa, and the African Diaspora in the Americas. She wrote "Africans in Colonial Louisiana: The Development of Afro-Creole Culture in the Eighteenth Century" (1992).

Hall died on August 29, 2022 in Guanajuato City, Mexico at the age of 93.

Vladimir Gusev (politician)

Vladimir Kuzmich Gusev (, 19 April 1932 – 29 August 2022) was a Russian and Soviet politician. From 2010 to 2012, he was Senator from his home region, Saratov Oblast. From 1986 to 1990, he was the Deputy Premier of the Soviet Union.

Ivanovo Oblast

Ivanovo Oblast (, "Ivanovskaya oblast") is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). It had a population of 1,061,651 as of the 2010 Russian Census.

Mick Bates (Welsh politician)

Mick Bates (24 September 1947 – 29 August 2022) was a Welsh politician. He was a Member of the Welsh Assembly (AM) for Montgomeryshire from 1999 to 2011. Bates was a member of the Welsh Liberal Democrats.

Bates died from cancer on 29 August 2022, at the age of 74.

Gastone Simoni

Gastone Simoni (9 April 1937 – 28 August 2022) was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Castelfranco di Sopra, Italy. He became a priest in 1960. He was the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Prato, Italy, from 1992 until his retirement in 2012.

Ralph Eggleston

Ralph Eggleston (October 18, 1965 – August 28, 2022) was an American animator, art director, storyboard artist, writer, movie director, and production designer. He worked at Pixar Animation Studios. He wrote and directed the Oscar-winning Pixar short movie "For the Birds".

Eggleston died on August 28, 2022, at his San Rafael, California, home, from pancreatic cancer at the age of 56.

Stefan Arczyński

Stefan Arczyński (31 July 1916 – 28 August 2022) was a Polish photographer and veteran of World War II. He worked in Essen, Berlin, and Wrocław. He took pictures for magazine covers and for postcards; he also photographed art.

Arczyński died on 28 August 2022, at the age of 106.

Mogens Palle

Mogens Palle (14 March 1934 – 27 August 2022) was a Danish professional boxing promoter and manager. In the mid-1960s he was the European manager of Sonny Liston, and in 2001 organized the match between Mike Tyson and Brian Nielsen in Denmark. In 2008, he was honored in the International Boxing Hall of Fame.

Robert LuPone

Robert Francis LuPone (July 29, 1946 – August 27, 2022) was an American actor and artistic director. His sister is Patti LuPone. LuPone was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Musical for his role in "A Chorus Line" (1976). He also appeared in the plays "A Thousand Clowns" (2001), "True West" (2000), "A View from the Bridge" (1997), "Late Nite Comic" (1987), "Saint Joan" (1977), and "The Magic Show" (1974).

LuPone died on August 27, 2022, at a hospice facility in Albany, New York from pancreatic cancer, aged 76.

Tadeusz Ferenc

Tadeusz Ferenc (10 February 1940 – 27 August 2022) was a Polish economist and politician. He was a member of Sejm from 2001 to 2002. He was the mayor of Rzeszów from 2002 until his death. 

Ferenc died on 27 August 2022, at the age of 82.

Espen Skjønberg

Espen Henrik Skjønberg (7 April 1924 – 26 August 2022) was a Norwegian actor. His career began in 1937. He was known for his role as Carl Brener in the 1995 movie "Pakten" and for his lead role in the 1994 drama "The Last Lieutenant".

Skjønberg died on 26 August 2022, at the age of 98.

Aldo Mirate

Aldo Mirate (7 May 1943 – 26 August 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Italian Communist Party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1972 to 1979.

Mirate died in Asti, Italy on 26 August 2022, at the age of 79.

Roland Mesnier

Roland Mesnier (July 8, 1944 – August 26, 2022) was a French-born American pastry chef and culinary writer. He was the Executive Pastry Chef from 1979 to 2004 at the White House. He was born in Bonnay, France.

Mesnier died on August 26, 2022 in Burke, Virginia from problems caused by cancer, aged 78.

Burke, Virginia

Burke is an unincorporated section of Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. Burke includes two census-designated places: the Burke CDP, population 41,055 in 2020

and the Burke Centre CDP, population 17,326 in 2020.

Burke Centre, Virginia

Burke Centre is a planned residential community located west of Burke in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.

Rollie Heath

Stratton Rollins Heath Jr. (born December 28, 1937) is an American politician. He was a member of the Colorado Senate from 2009 to 2017. Heath was the Democratic nominee for governor in 2002. He lost to incumbent Republican governor Bill Owens.

Bill Owens (Colorado politician)

William Forrester Owens (born October 22, 1950) is an American former politician. He was the 40th Governor of Colorado from 1999 to 2007. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was re-elected in 2002 by the largest majority in state history. He was known for making transportation, education and tax cuts during his time as governor.

Henry Cisneros

Henry Gabriel Cisneros (born June 11, 1947) is an American politician and businessman. He was the mayor of San Antonio, Texas, from 1981 to 1989. He is a Democrat. He also was the 10th Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) in the administration of President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1997. 

Alphonso Jackson

Alphonso R. Jackson (born September 9, 1945) is an American Republican politician. He was the 13th United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) from 2004 to 2008. He was nominated by President George W. Bush.

Steve Preston

Steven C. Preston (born August 4, 1960) is an American politician and businessman. He is the president and CEO of Goodwill Industries International. He was the 14th United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from 2008 to 2009 and the 22nd Administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration from 2006 until 2008.

James Thomas Lynn

James Thomas Lynn (February 27, 1927December 6, 2010) was an American politician. He was the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from 1973 until 1975. He was the director of the Office of Management and Budget from 1975 until 1977.

Lynn died of a massive stroke at his home in Bethesda, Maryland, on December 6, 2010 at the age of 83.

Robert Coldwell Wood

Robert Coldwell Wood (September 16, 1923 – April 1, 2005) was an American political scientist, academic and politician. He was a professor of political science at MIT. From 1965 to 1969, Wood was the Under Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development under President Lyndon B. Johnson. For two weeks in January 1969, he was the 2nd United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development.

Wood died from stomach cancer at his home in Boston, Massachusetts, on April 1, 2005 at the age of 81.

Thérèse Coffey

Thérèse Anne Coffey (born 18 November 1971) is a British politician who was the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs from 25 October 2022 until 13 November 2023. She was the Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Secretary of State for Health and Social Care from 6 September to 25 October 2022. She was the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions from 2019 to 2022. She is a member of the Conservative Party. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Suffolk Coastal since 2010.


Albion, Maine

Albion is a town in Kennebec County, Maine, United States.

Brewster, Massachusetts

Brewster is a town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States.

Ali Zaidi (lawyer)

Ali A. Zaidi (born 1987/1988) is a Pakistani-American lawyer and politician who is the 2nd White House National Climate Advisor since 2022. He was the first White House Deputy National Climate Advisor. He was the New York deputy secretary for energy and environment. 

In September 2022, President Joe Biden announced that Zaidi would replace Gina McCarthy as White House National Climate Advisor.

Laurence Fox

Laurence Paul Fox (born 1978) is an English actor and political activist. He is known for his role as DS James Hathaway in the British TV drama series "Lewis" from 2006 to 2015.

A conservative activist, Fox did not support the George Floyd protests and was against vaccination during the COVID-19 pandemic. He ran for Mayor of London in the 2021 election.

Frances Tiafoe

Frances Tiafoe Jr. ( ; born January 20, 1998) is an American professional tennis player. He has been ranked by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) as high as No. 24 in men's singles.

Tiafoe won his first and only ATP title at the 2018 Delray Beach Open. He was born in Hyattsville, Maryland.

Meyer Lansky

Meyer Lansky (born Maier Suchowljansky; July 4, 1902 – January 15, 1983), known as the "Mob's Accountant," was an American organized crime figure. He helped create the National Crime Syndicate in the United States.

Lansky died of lung cancer on January 15, 1983, aged 80 in Miami Beach, Florida.

Can You Teach My Alligator Manners?

Can You Teach My Alligator Manners? is an American TV series for kids. It's on Disney Channel. It was broadcast from June 21, 2008, until October 24, 2009. Reruns started on Disney Junior from February 14, 2011 in the United States.

The series is about a young boy named Mikey and his pet alligator named Al. Mikey's mother tells him that he cannot keep Al unless Al learns manners. Mikey gets the help of the people watching the series to teach Al manners in many different places and situations.

The actors for a show are: 

Canta Conmigo Ahora (season 1)

The first season of Canta Conmigo Ahora began on July 25, 2022 and was broadcast by El Trece, is the Argentine version of the British program "All Together Now".

The winner of this first season was Nicolás Reyna and the runner-up was Agustina Sol Pereira.

The protagonist of the program, in addition to its participants, will be the team of 100 jurors who will be different people who have to do with the musical world, of these only 15 will be recognized figures, here is the list of those confirmed: 

Notes

Yeh Dil Mannge More

Yeh Dil Mannge More () is an Indian romance drama television series produced by Ekta Kapoor and Shobha Kapoor under Balaji Telefilms. It premiered on 15 August 2022 on DD National and stars Akshay Mhatre and Twinkle Patel as protagonists.

The series revolves around an Army officer and a doctor. The series explores how tied under their profession they fight each other, ultimately falling in love.


Mumbra Devi Temple

Mumbra Devi Temple is an old Hindu temple located at the top of Parsik Hill in Mumbra of Thane district, Maharashtra, India. It is located on the hill, approx 210 meters from sea level. It has idols of nine goddesses. These nine idols are carved in stone. Mumbra Devi Temple is crowded with devotees on Navratri, one of the most revered Hindu festivals observed in the honour of Mother Goddess Durga.

It is also visited by many trekkers, who come to climb the hill.

The temple is managed and taken care of by Bhagat family, who also built the recent construction of the temple. Mumbra Devi is the main deity of the Koli and Agri fishermen tribes living in the Mumbra area.

Jayant Salgaonkar

Jayant Salgaonkar (1 February 1929 – 20 August 2013) was an Indian astrologer, businessman, historian, publisher and writer. He is known for founding "Kalnirnay", a calendar published in India. "Kalnirnay" is the world's largest selling publication (almanac). 

He was born in 1929 in Malvan in Sindhudurga district of Maharashtra. Salgaonkar did his schooling till the 10th grade. He has been interested in astrology since his childhood. In 1973, he founded "Kalnirnay", a yearly almanac of all religions providing simplified information about the Panchang, auspicious days, festivals, holidays, sunrise and sunset. He sold over 10 million copies in nine languages. He was the pioneer of the daily horoscope and the daily crossword in the Marathi language newspaper. 


He has been awarded Jyotirbhasakr by Sakeshwar Vidhyapeeth and Mumbai Jyotirvidyalay. He holds a D.Lt. from Maharashtra Jyotish Vidyapeeth. He was conferred with a Lifetime Achievement award by Konkan Marathi Sahitya Parishad. In May 2013, he was given Saraswat Chaitanya Gaurav Purashkar by Saraswat Prakashan.

He died on 20 August 2013 in the Hinduja Hospital in Mahim, Mumbai after a brief illness. He was cremated at at the Dadar crematorium. His last rites were attended by political leaders such as Ajit Pawar, Narayan Rane, Jayant Patil, Uddhav Thackeray and Raj Thackeray. He is survived by his wife and three sons.

Roggwil

Roggwil is the name of two municipalities of Switzerland:


India–Nepal relations

Nepal-India relations are more than the sum of treaties/agreements between the two countries. 

The frequent high-level visits by the leaders of the two countries at different points of time and the interactions constitute the hallmark of the ties between the two countries. Furthermore, such visits have helped promote goodwill, trust, understanding and cooperation between them. 

In addition, they have injected fresh momentum to further relations of friendship and cooperation on a more mature and pragmatic footing.

Zimbabwe national cricket team

The Zimbabwe national cricket team, also known as Chevrons represents Zimbabwe in men's international cricket. Zimbabwe Cricket (earlier known as the Zimbabwe Cricket Union) controls the cricket team. Zimbabwe has been a Full Member of the International Cricket Council (ICC) since 1992. 

As of March, 2022, Zimbabwe is currently ranked 10th in Tests, 13th in One Day Internationals (ODIs) and 11th in Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is) by the ICC.


Nick Saban

Nicholas Lou Saban Jr. (; born October 31, 1951) is a former American football coach. He was the head football coach at the University of Alabama from 2007 to 2023. Before that, Saban was head coach of the National Football League's Miami Dolphins, Louisiana State University (LSU), Michigan State University, and the University of Toledo. Saban is known to be the greatest coach in college football history.

In 2024, Saban was added to the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame.After leaving his position at Alabama to coach at Auburn on January 11th. 

On January 10, 2024, Saban announced that he was retiring from coaching.

Saban was born in Fairmont, West Virginia. He graduated from Monongah High School in the small community of Monongah, West Virginia. Saban is of Croatian ancestry.

In 1908, when he was 13 years old, Stanko settled in Portland, Oregon, in 1908. He later married Anna Mihalic, of Croatian-American heritage.

In 1975, Saban received his master's degree for sports administration from Kent State.



D. J. Fluker

Danny Lee Jesus "D. J." Fluker (born March 13, 1991) is an American football offensive tackle who is a free agent.

He played college football at Alabama, where he was recognized as an All-American.

In addition to football, Fluker was also a member of the Foley track & field team. Over there, he threw the shot put. It was recorded a top-throw of 53 ft 1 in at the 2009 Mobile Challenge. He took 4th position.

On March 7, 2017, Fluker was released by the Chargers, who had relocated to Los Angeles.


Your Wildest Dreams

"Your Wildest Dreams" is a 1986 single by English progressive rock band The Moody Blues and is the leading single from their 12th studio album "The Other Side of Life". It went to number 9 in the United States and number 20 in Australia.

Gholam Ali Oveissi

Arteshbod Gholam-Ali Oveissi (‎; 16 April 1918 – 7 February 1984) was an Iranian general and the Chief Commander of the Imperial Iranian Armed Forces under Mohammad Reza Pahlavi. He was the last general to head the Imperial Army of Iran. He is regarded as one of the most powerful military generals in Iran's modern history.

Kalash

Kalash or Kalasha may refer to:


Jafar Sharif-Emami

Jafar Sharif-Imami (; 
9 September 1910 – 16 June 1998) was an Iranian politician. 

He was the prime minister from 1960 to 1961 and again in 1978. He was a cabinet minister, president of the Iranian Senate, president of the Pahlavi Foundation. He was also the president of the Iran chamber of industries and mines during the reign of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.

Abdul Qadir Nuristani

Abdul Qadir Nuristani (born 9 April 1927-died 29 April 1978) was an Afghan Minister of the Interior during the Republic of Afghanistan.

Abdul Qadir had been a Chief of Police. He was noted for his strict adherence to his beliefs. He replaced minister Faiz Mohammad, a purged Parchamite, in September 1975.

Abdul Qadir died on 29 April 1978 in the Saur Revolution.

Austrian Landesliga

The Austrian Landesliga is the fourth level of football in Austria. It is divided into nine leagues— one for each Austrian state:


Shina

Shina may refer to:


Rangri dialect (Haryanvi)

Rangri also knowis a dialect of Haryanvi dialect of Panjabi,spoken in Pakistan, primarily by muslim Ranghars in Punjab province as well as Karachi and Mirpur Khas in Sindh.

Charter Act of 1813

The 1813 Charter ended the monopoly of the East India Company and threw open Indian trade to all British merchants. The Act clearly upheld the British Queen's sovereignty over the Company's territories in India.

Hispaniolan common tree frog

The Hispaniolan common tree frog, Dominican tree frog, or Hispaniolan laughing tree frog ("Osteopilus dominicensis") is a frog. It lives in Hispaniola. Hispaniola is an island, and the countries Haiti and the Dominican Republic are on it.

Experimental physics

Experimental physics is a type of physics which is based around observations of experiments.

Moutfort

Moutfort is a village in the commune of Contern. As of 2022, Moutfort had a population of 1450.

Dom people

The Dom (Arabic: دومي) are a people with origins in the Indian Subcontinent, which through ancient migrations dispersed to the Middle East, North Africa, Central Asia, Turkey and still other parts of the Indian subcontinent. They speak Domari, an endangered Indo-Aryan language. They have been associated with another traditionally itinerant group of Indo-Aryans called differently, the Roma people and Lom people: the three groups are said to have separated from each other or, at least, share a similar history. In particular, both the Dom, Lom and Roma ancestors left the subcontinent of northern India between the 6th and 11th centuries

Loch an Leothaid

Loch an Leothaid is a loch in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in northern Scotland.

Loch an Leathaid Bhuain

Loch an Leathaid Bhuain is a loch in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in northern Scotland.

Loch Stack

Loch Stack is a loch in Sutherland in the Highland Council Area in northern Scotland.

Florida Governor's Mansion

The Florida Governor's Mansion (also called The People's House of Florida) is a historic U.S. residence and is the official residence of the governor of Florida and the state's first family. 

It is located at 700 North Adams Street, Tallahassee, Florida. It has been the residence of every governor of the state since Thomas LeRoy Collins in 1956. In July 2006, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

Sean Lee

Sean Patrick Lee (born July 22, 1986) is a former American footballer. He played in the position of linebacker. He played his entire professional career with the Dallas Cowboys for 11 years.

He played college football at Penn State. He was selected by the Cowboys in the second round of the 2010 NFL Draft. 

Lee is the son of Craig Lee and Geralyn Lee. He lived in Upper St. Clair, Pennsylvania. Lee's older brother Conor was the placekicker for the University of Pittsburgh. His sister Alexandra was a student athlete at Upper St. Clair High School. Sean is also a grandson of Donald J. Lee, a federal judge at U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania.

On April 26, 2021, Lee announced his retirement. At the time of his retirement, Lee was the last active Cowboy that played under head coach Wade Phillips.


Harka Raj Rai

Harka Raj Sampang Rai (or Harka Sampang; ) is a Nepalese politician. He is the current mayor of Dharan. Rai is also a social activist. He has been elected as an independent candidate for the post Mayor, having 'Walking stick/Lauro' as the electoral symbol via the 2022 local election. He defeated Nepali Congress candidate Kishore Rai by receiving 20,821 votes.

Period 8 element

A row of the periodic table. No period 8 elements have been proven to exist. These elements are almost certainly too big to exist in nature, so they would be synthetic elements. They would probably decay very quickly, because of radioactivity, so they would have very short half-lives. However, some scientists believe that an island of stability may exist would be part of a new category of elements, called superactinides. These range from 120 to 153 (atomic number).

An example of a short half-life: the isotope, Sg, has a half-life of approximately y 4 ms (or 4 thousandths of a second); 

Guangzhou CTF Finance Centre

The Guangzhou Chow Tai Fook Finance Centre (), is a skyscraper in Guangzhou. It is also known as East Tower. It was completed in October 2016 and is tall. This makes it the tallest completed building in Guanzhou, the third-tallest in China, and the eighth-tallest in the world. The Guangzhou CTF Finance Centre has a total 111 floors above ground, and 5 below ground. It houses a shopping mall, offices, apartments, and a hotel.

The Guangzhou CTF Finance Centre is situated on a lot along Zhujiang East Road in Zhujiang New Town, Guangzhou's central business district. In that neighborhood, the skyscraper is located east of the central axis with an underground mall and connections to public transportation underneath it. The Guangzhou CTF Centre is part of the Guangzhou Twin Towers. The other tower of the pair, the tall Guangzhou International Finance Center, is located on the other side of the axis and is also known under the name "West Tower". The Guangzhou CTF Centre is therefore known as the "East Tower" as well. Both towers have a similar height, size, and function, and are situated close to the tall Canton Tower.

The Guangzhou CTF Finance Centre is owned by Chow Tai Fook Enterprises, and houses the world's fastest elevators, which can reach speeds up to .

Why Can't We Live Together

"Why Can't We Live Together" is the 1972 debut single by American soul singer Timmy Thomas and taken from his debut album of the same name. It was a one-hit wonder in the United States.

Andrea Morricone

Andrea Morricone (born October 10, 1964) is an Italian composer and conductor, known for his scores.

Morricone stated composers like Bernard Herrmann, Nino Rota, Max Steiner, Peter Bernstein, Joel Goldsmith, Marvin Hamlisch, Alex North, Victor Young and Franz Waxman as influences.


Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey

Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey is a 2023 British independent slasher movie about "Winnie the Pooh" going on a killing spree.

Steven Price (composer)

Steven Price (born April 22, 1977) is a British movie composer.

Price stated composers like Peter Bernstein, Joel Goldsmith, Andrea Morricone, Alan Silvestri, Kevin Kiner, Lalo Schifrin, Jean-Michel Jarre, Gustavo Santaolalla, Joseph Williams, James Horner, Alexandre Desplat, John Barry, Bernard Herrmann, Michael Giacchino, John Debney, Patrick Doyle, Michael Kamen, Danny Elfman and Harry Gregson-Williams as influences.

Baiyoke Tower II

Baiyoke Tower II (, , ) is an 88-story, skyscraper hotel at 222 Ratchaprarop Road in the Ratchathewi District of Bangkok, Thailand. It is the fourth tallest building in the city. The building has the Baiyoke Sky Hotel, the tallest hotel in Southeast Asia and the seventh-tallest all-hotel structure in the world.

Piano Concerto No. 1 (Chopin)

The Piano Concerto in No. 1 in E Minor, Op. 11 is a piano concerto by Frédéric Chopin.

In 1829, Chopin wrote his first piano concerto, the Piano Concerto in F minor. He wrote the concerto in E minor soon after he performed the concerto in F minor. However, the concerto in E minor was published first. So, it is given the number one.

Chopin first performed the concerto on 11 October 1830. It was a part of his last concerts in Poland. He played the concerto again at his first concert in Paris.

The concerto is written for solo piano two flutes, two oboes, two clarinets, two bassoons, four horns, two trumpets, a trombone, timpani, and strings. It has three movements:

The concerto was liked by the audience. It was praised after its rehearsal on 22 September 1830. However, almost no reviews was published for the first performance. This was because of the censorship at the time.

Robert Schumann said that "Chopin introduces the spirit of Beethoven into the concert hall" with his piano concertos.

Chris Heaton-Harris

Christopher Heaton-Harris (born 28 November 1967) is an English politician. He became the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland on 6 September 2022. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He was the Government Chief Whip of the House of Commons and Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury from February to September 2022. Heaton-Harris has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Daventry since 2010.

Ernst Pfister

Ernst Pfister (28 April 1947 – 4 September 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party. He was a member of the Landtag of Baden-Württemberg from 1980 to 2011.

Peter Straub

Peter Francis Straub (; March 2, 1943 – September 4, 2022) was an American novelist and poet. He wrote "Julia," "Ghost Story", and "The Talisman".

Straub died at a hospital in New York City on September 4, 2022, aged 79, from problems caused by a broken hip. 


Mark Littell

Mark Alan Littell (January 17, 1953 – September 5, 2022) was an American professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1973 to 1982. He played for the Kansas City Royals and St. Louis Cardinals.

Herman (Swaiko)

Metropolitan Herman (born Joseph Swaiko, February 1, 1932 – September 6, 2022) was the primate of the Orthodox Church in America (OCA). He was the Archbishop of Washington and New York, and Metropolitan of All America and Canada. 

He was elected Metropolitan on , replacing Metropolitan Theodosius (Lazor).

Bairdford, Pennsylvania

Bairdford is a census-designated place within the township of West Deer in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States.

Magdalena Ruiz Guiñazú

María Magdalena Teresa Ruiz Guiñazú (15 February 1935 – 6 September 2022) was an Argentine writer and journalist. She worked in the National Commission on the Disappearance of Persons. She won the Golden Martín Fierro award in 1993.

Very Bad Things

Very Bad Things is a 1998 French American black comedy movie directed by first time director Peter Berg and starring Christian Slater, Cameron Diaz, Daniel Stern, Jon Favreau, Joey Zimmermann, Jeremy Piven, Jeanne Tripplehorn. It was distributed by PolyGram Filmed Entertainment.


Abraham Sharp

Abraham Sharp (1653 – 18 July 1742) was an English mathematician and astronomer.

Sharp was born in Bradford. He was the son of a well-to-do merchant, and was educated at Bradford Grammar School.
He became a schoolmaster in Liverpool and later a bookkeeper in London. His wide knowledge of mathematics and astronomy attracted Flamsteed's attention. Sharp was invited, in 1688, to enter the Royal Observatory. There he improved instruments and worked as a calculator. He published "Geometry Improved" and logarithm tables.

He returned to Bradford in 1694. The Atlas Coelestis was the largest star map of its time. It had 26 maps of the major constellations visible from Greenwich, and two planispheres designed by Sharp.

The crater Sharp on the Moon is named after him.

Fernando de Noronha

Fernando de Noronha () is an archipelago in the Atlantic Ocean, off the Brazilian coast. It consists of 21 islands and islets, extending over an area of . Only the main island is inhabited. It has an area of and a population estimated at 3,101 in 2020. Most of the archipelago is low-lying, but there are some parts that reach in elevation.

The archipelago is part of the State of Pernambuco, Brazil.
The islands are administratively unique in Brazil. They form a "state district" () that is administered directly by the government of the state of Pernambuco (even though they are closer to the state of Rio Grande do Norte). The state district's jurisdiction also includes the very remote Saint Peter and Saint Paul Archipelago, located northeast of Fernando de Noronha. Seventy percent of the islands' area was established in 1988 as a national marine park.

In 2001, UNESCO made it a World Heritage Site because of its importance as a feeding ground for tuna, sharks, turtles, and marine mammals. Its time zone is UTC−02:00 all year round.

Saint Peter and Saint Paul Archipelago

The Saint Peter and Saint Paul Archipelago ( ) is a group of 15 small islets and rocks in the central Atlantic Ocean. It is near the equator, in the Intertropical Convergence Zone. This part of the Atlantic usually has low winds, but sometimes has thunderstorms. 

The archipelago is about from the nearest point of mainland South America (the town of Touros, on the northeast Brazilian coast). It is about northeast of the Fernando de Noronha islands, from the city of Natal, and from the west coast of Africa. The islets belong to Brazil. They are part of the special "state district" () of Fernando de Noronha, in the state of Pernambuco. Fernando de Noronha is the nearest island.

In total, the archipelago covers an area of about by .

There is a lighthouse, and a research station, with four people. There is no freshwater supply on the islands, so the research station has a water desalination plant.

Only the largest islet, Belmonte, has mosses and grasses on it. The other rocks are mostly barren, except for some sea algae and fungi that can tolerate the salt spray. Seabirds, including the brown booby ("Sula leucogaster"), brown noddy ("Anous stolidus"), and black noddy ("Anous minutus"), as well as crabs ("Grapsus grapsus"), insects, and spiders live on the rocks.

The islands are home to over 100 reef fishes. About 10% of them are found nowhere else in the world, including the very colorful "Tosanoides aphrodite".

Yelena Kondulainen

Yelena Ivanovna Kondulainen (; born 9 April 1958 as "Lembi Kontulainen") is a Russian actress, Honored Artist of the Russian Federation (2002), and pop singer.

Ataollah Khosravani

Ataollah Khosravani (1919–date of death unknown) was an Iranian politician. He served as the secretary-general of Iran Novin Party and held several cabinet posts in the 1960s.

Gholam Reza Azhari

Arteshbod Gholam Reza Azhari (; 18 February 1912 – 5 November 2001) was a military leader and Prime Minister of Iran.



Cuban tree frog

The Cuban tree frog, marbled tree toad, or giant tree frog ("Osteopilus septentrionalis") is a frog. It lives in Cuba, Isla de Pinos, the Cayman Islands, and the Bahamas. Human beings have brought it to Curacao, Anguilla, Costa Rica Saint Maarten, Saba, the Turks and Caicos Islands, Nevis, Puerto Rico, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, and the island of Oahu in Hawaii.

This frog is larger than other frogs in Hylidae. The disks on their toes are also very large. There is no webbed skin on their front feet. There is some webbed skin on their back feet. This frog is usually gray or green in color. Sometimes it is brown or light brown instead.

The female frog lays eggs in temporary bodies of water. The tadpoles grow fast so they become frogs before the water dries up. The tadpoles have round bodies. The skin on their backs is black in color. Parts of their tails are gray-brown in color.

This frog can eat smaller frogs. Because human beings brought it to places where it did not always live, it has become an invasive specie. It eats the frogs that have lived in those places a long time.

It makes a chemical in its skin that can harm human skin.

Governor's Mansion State Historic Park

The California Governor's Mansion is the official residence of the governor of California. It is in Sacramento. 

The building was built in 1877. The estate was bought by the Californian government in 1903. It has been the executive residence for 14 governors. Since 1967 the mansion has been managed by California State Parks as the Governor's Mansion State Historic Park.

Varna

Varna may refer to:








Armenian population in Ottoman Empire

The Armenian population data in the Ottoman Empire is as follows: 



Ezekiel Elliott

Ezekiel Elijah Elliott (born July 22, 1995) is an American football player. He played in the position of running back for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL). 

He played college football at Ohio State. From there, he got second-team All-America honors in 2015. He was a three-time Pro Bowl and two-time All-Pro selection. He showed the league in rushing yards in 2016 and 2018.

Elliott was born in Alton, Illinois. Their parents were both athletes in college. His father, Stacy, was a linebacker for the Missouri football team and CEO of Fifth Down Enterprises. Elliott's maternal grandfather played basketball for Drake University. His uncle is Finnish professional basketball player Shawn Huff.

He was a true freshman at Ohio State University in 2013. Elliott rushed for 262 yards on 30 carries with two touchdowns as a backup to starter Carlos Hyde.
Elliott was known as the most complete back to enter the NFL before the draft in 2007. He was predicted to be a top 10 selection. 

Elliott was selected in the first round with the fourth overall pick by the Dallas Cowboys in the 2016 NFL Draft on April 28, 2016. He was the first running back selected in the draft that year. Elliott was widely regarded as an early favorite for the 2016 Offensive Rookie of the Year.

Elliott bought his parents a new house after signing his rookie contracts. He studied marketing at Ohio State University. 

In August 2020, Elliott became a shareholder of OnCore Golf Technology, Inc.. It is a manufacturer of golf balls located in Buffalo, New York.

In May 2021, the police cited Elliott, after one of his dogs bit and injured two people in his Frisco neighborhood.


Malcolm Butler

Malcolm Terel Butler (born March 2, 1990) is an American football player. He played in the position cornerback who is a free agent. He played his first four seasons with the Patriots, who signed him as an undrafted free agent in 2014. 

He was a member of the Tennessee Titans for three seasons after leaving New England. Butler retired ahead of the 2021 season, but returned to the Patriots the following year.

He was a two-time Super Bowl winner and Pro Bowl selection during his Patriots tenure. Butler is best known for his goal line interception in the final seconds of Super Bowl XLIX. The interception prevented a go-ahead touchdown and effectively ensured the Patriots' victory. It is regarded as one of the greatest players in NFL history.

Butler was born in Vicksburg, Mississippi. He has four siblings. He graduated from Vicksburg High School in 2009. Butler received a scholarship to Hinds Community College in Raymond, Mississippi. Butler also participated in track and field at Vicksburg, where he took part in sprints and jumps. He had personal record of 12.07 seconds in the 100-meter dash, 1.83 meters (6'0") in the high jump, and 6.92 meters (22'8.5") in the long jump.
"The Hollywood Reporter" published an article in February 2017. It stated that the production company Narrative Capital had gained the rights to the story of Butler. His agent Derek Simpson also got the rights for a film tentatively titled "The Secondary."


New York State Route 174

New York State Route 174 (NY 174) is a state highway. It is in Onondaga County, in Central New York, in the United States. The highway is long. 

It passes through mostly rural regions. Route 174 begins at an intersection with NY 41 in Borodino, a small-town of Spafford. It heads generally northward for most of its length, except for short distances in the villages of Marcellus and Camillus. 

The road was first constructed in the early 19th century. It followed the path of Nine Mile Creek. It connected several early settlements in Central New York. 

Later, the northern half of the route was improved as a plank road in 1855. This was done by a private corporation that collected tolls from travelers on the road. The state took over the maintenance of the road by the beginning of the 20th century. Several minor realignments have been made in the areas of the villages of Marcellus and Camillus to accommodate newly built bypasses.

Tyler Bates

Tyler Bates (born June 5, 1965) is an American musician, producer and composer for film, television and video game scores.
Bates was born in Los Angeles, California.
Bates stated composers like Danny Elfman and Hans Zimmer as influences.


Leigh Harline

Leigh Adrian Harline (March 26, 1907 – December 10, 1969) is an American film composer and songwriter.

Harline was born in Salt Lake City, Utah to Swedish parents Carl Harlin and Johanna Matilda Petersson.


Frank Churchill

Frank Edwin Churchill (October 20, 1901 – May 14, 1942) is an American film composer and songwriter.

Churchill was born in Rumford, Maine to Clara E. Curtis and Andrew J. Churchill.

Churchill committed suicide on May 14, 1942, at his ranch north of Los Angeles in Castaic.


Classical field theory

Classical physics is a group of physics theories that predate modern, more complete, or more widely applicable theories. If a currently accepted theory is considered to be modern, and its introduction represented a major paradigm shift, then the previous theories, or new theories based on the older paradigm, will often be referred to as belonging to the area of "classical physics".

As such, the definition of a classical theory depends on context. Classical physical concepts are often used when modern theories are unnecessarily complex for a particular situation.

Raymond Scott

Raymond Scott (born Harry Warnow; September 10, 1908 - February 8, 1994) is an American composer, band leader, pianist, record producer, and inventor of electronic instruments.

Scott was born in Brooklyn, New York to Russian Jewish immigrants, Joseph and Sarah Warnow.

On February 8, 1994, Scott died of pneumonia in North Hills, Los Angeles, California.

Brazing

Brazing is a metal-joining process. Two or more metal items are joined together by melting and flowing a filler metal into the joint. The filler metal has a lower melting point than the adjoining metal.

Brazing differs from welding because it does not melt the work pieces. Brazing differs from soldering because it uses a higher temperature and more closely fitted parts than soldering. 

During the brazing process, the filler metal flows into the gap between close-fitting parts by capillary action. 

The filler metal is brought slightly above its melting temperature. while protected by a suitable atmosphere, usually a flux. It then flows over the base metal and joins the work pieces together. A big advantage of brazing is it can join the same or different metals with considerable strength.

Sequoia

Sequoia or Sequoyah may refer to:


Balsamic vinegar

Balsamic vinegar is made from grapes. The name is derived from a Hebrew word meaning "spicy." The condiment is very strong, so it is applied to food usually in a small amount. It can be used to dress fresh fruit, salads, and meat dishes.

Norm Ferguson (animator)

William Norman Ferguson (September 2, 1902 - November 4, 1957) is an American animator for Walt Disney Studios.

Failed state

A failed state is a political body, usually a state, that can no longer work as it should. There are different definitions, but in general at least one of the following is true:


In such a state, there often is widespread corruption and there may be civil war (where different factions fight for control).

Examples of failed states are Yemen, or Somalia.

Metrics have been developed to describe the level of governance of states. The precise level of government control required to avoid being considered a failed state varies considerably amongst authorities.

The declaration that a state has "failed" is generally controversial and, when made authoritatively, may carry significant geopolitical consequences.

Brenda Chapman

Brenda Chapman (born November 1, 1962) is an American director, storyboard artist and writer.

Chapman was born in Beason, Illinois as the youngest of five.

Chapman was married to director Kevin Lima and had a daughter Emma Rose Lima.

Palace Maffezzoli (Milan)

The The Palace Maffezzoli or Palazzo Maffezzoli is a palace in Via Anelli 15, Milano, Italy, designed by Guido Maffezzoli

The building, belonging to the rationalist movement, is linked to the idea of ​​a forest in the city connected to the Vertical Forest of Via Crivelli, with a Canadian ivy that completely covers it.

The building is made of bricks and bush-hammered concrete, left exposed strongly influenced by the Rationalist Movement. It is in fact the parapets of the balconies that characterize the facades, through a skilful use of sandblasted bricks that draw geometries that are certainly functional, simple and precise, but not entirely alien to a certain taste for the reinterpretation of traditional elements such as ventilation grids, typical of Lombard farmhouses, to which many of Luigi Caccia Dominioni's contemporary linguistic choices for many Milanese condominiums also refer.
Particular attention is paid to the construction detail, so much so that critics consider the condominium of Maffezzoli and Pellegrini an "exercise of high design expertise and rare sensitivity".

• Design: 1957-1958
• Execution: 1958
• reference date: 1957 - 1958

Palazzo Maffezzoli has a particular architectural, artistic, historical and cultural interest.




Kevin Lima

Kevin Lima (born June 12, 1962) is an American film director who has directed "A Goofy Movie", "Tarzan", "102 Dalmatians" and "Enchanted".

Lima was born in Pawtucket, Rhode Island to Joaquin Lima and Caroline Lillian Bourdeau.

Andor

Andor may refer to:


Clone Wars

Clone Wars may refer to:



Septic equation

A septic equation is an equation where the highest degree of the polynomial is seven. It consists of up to eight different terms.

Piano Concerto No. 2 (Chopin)

The Piano Concerto in No. 2 in F Minor, Op. 21 is a piano concerto by Frédéric Chopin.

Chopin wrote the concerto in 1829. It was his first piano concerto. However, his Piano Concerto in E minor was published first. So, that concerto is given the number one.

Chopin first performed the concerto on 17 March 1830. He started writing the Piano Concerto in E minor soon after.

The concerto is written for solo piano two flutes, two oboes, two clarinets, two bassoons, two horns, two trumpets, a trombone, timpani, and strings. It has three movements:

Heightism

Height discrimination (also known as heightism) is prejudice or discrimination against people based on their height. It refers to the discriminatory treatment against people whose height is not within the normal acceptable range of height in a population. Many different studies have shown it to be a cause of bullying. 

Baker's yeast

Baker's yeast is the name for strains of yeast, which are used for baking, as a leavening agent. Bakers yeast is usually of the species "Saccharomyces cerevisiae," which is also used for brewing.

Abbas Gharabaghi

Arteshbod Abbas Gharabaghi (; 1 November 1918 – 14 October 2000) was the last chief of staff of the Iranian armed forces, as well as deputy commander-in-chief of the Iranian Imperial Army.

Gharabaghi died in Paris in 2000. He was buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery.

Irina Alfyorova

Irina Ivanovna Alfyorova PAR (; born 13 March 1951, Novosibirsk, Soviet Union) is a Soviet and Russian actress.


Ado

Ado or ADO may refer to:


Happiness Is... Part 2

Happiness Is... Part 2 () is a 2019 Russian family film. The sequel to the film "Happiness is..." (2015).

An almanac of seven winning, upbeat, upbeat, Disney-winning film novels. Several aspiring filmmakers have tried to figure out what happiness is and how to achieve it.


Andradina

Andradina is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. 57,202 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 964.226 km².

Balthazar

Balthazar, or variant spellings, may refer to:








Kelly

Kelly may refer to: 


Javad Saeed

Javad Saeed () was an Iranian politician.

Amir (Iranian Army)

Amir (), previously known as Timsar (), is the honorific title used for officer of high rank, ranking 2nd Brigadier General and higher in the Islamic Republic of Iran Army. The title is also for Law Enforcement Force of Islamic Republic of Iran commanders, except for those who have served in the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, where ""Sardar"" is equal to the title. Amirs are often graduates of the University of Command and Staff (DAFOOS).

Ranks being addressed by the title in Ground Force, Air Force and Air Defense Base include:

Ranks being addressed by the title in the Navy include:

Amir Hossein Azmoudeh

Amir Hossein Azmoudeh (; born in 1908 in Tehran - died in 1998 in France) was one of the senior soldiers of the Pahlavi period. 

SAVAK

SAVAK (, abbreviation for "Sâzemân-e Ettelâ'ât va Amniat-e Kešvar", ) was the secret police, domestic security and intelligence service in Iran during the reign of the Pahlavi dynasty. 



Hispaniolan yellow tree frog

The Hispaniolan yellow tree frog or common tree frog ("Osteopilus pulchrilineatus") is a frog. It lives in Hispaniola. Hispaniola is an island, and the countries Haiti and the Dominican Republic are on it. Scientists have seen it as high as 1100 meters above sea level.

Quarxs

Quarxs was one of the first computer animated series, predating "ReBoot", and the first one produced in HD. It was created by Maurice Benayoun and Belgian comic-book artist François Schuiten. It was shown between 1990 and 1993.

Each episode is three minutes long. 100 were planned, but only 12 were made. A cryptobiology researcher, who discovered Quarxs, describes them as mysterious, omnipresent and invisible creatures that bend the laws of physics, biology and optics, and the only reason the world is not perfect.

"Quarxs" is the only fictional series by Maurice Benayoun, a contemporary artist who later moved to media art. It has received many awards from international events and festivals, such as SIGGRAPH, Imagina, Ars Electronica, ISEA, Images du Futur, Sitges, Tampere, and the International Monitor Award. The series has been shown in more than 15 countries.


Quarxs has received many awards:


Nirmalendu Goon

Nirmalendu Goon is a Bangladeshi poet and journalist. He was won By Government of Bangladesh and Bangla Academy Literary Award. 

2010 FIFA Puskás Award

The 2010 FIFA Puskás Award was the second FIFA Puskás Award. It was awarded on January 10, 2011, during the 2010 FIFA Ballon d'Or Gala in Switzerland. FC Bayern Munich player Hamit Altıntop was the winner of the award, for his goal against Kazakhstan during UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying.

2020 FIFA Puskás Award

The 2020 FIFA Puskás Award was the twelfth FIFA Puskás Award. It was awarded on December 17, 2020, during the The Best FIFA Football Awards 2020 ceremony, which was held virtually, with the nominees being revealed by FIFA on November 25, 2020. Tottenham Hotspur player Son Heung-min, for his goal against Burnley.

Short-tailed albatross

The short-tailed albatross or Steller's albatross ("Phoebastria albatrus") is a large seabird from the North Pacific. With a wingspan of up to , it is the largest of the Albatrosses of the northern hemisphere. While breeding occurs in large colonies, the adult birds prefer a solitary life. It is a good flyer. 1949, almost all birds were thought to be extinct. When a few were re-discovered in 1951, they were protected. Since then, their numbers have increased, so that in 2022, they are no longer seen as "endangered", but as "vulnerable". Short-tailed albatrosses feed on cephalopods, fish, and crustaceans. They are oportunists, and will also feed on the organic waste ships throw overboard. 

Although related to the other North Pacific albatrosses, it also exhibits behavioural and morphological links to the albatrosses of the Southern Ocean. It was described by the German naturalist Peter Simon Pallas from skins collected by Georg Wilhelm Steller (after whom its other common name is derived). Once common, it was brought to the edge of extinction by the trade in feathers, but with protection efforts underway since the 1950s, the species is in the process of recovering with an increasing population trend. Its breeding range, however, remains small.It is a part of the albatross family.

Lom people

Lom people, also known as Bosha, live in Turkey, Georgia (country) and Armenia. They once migrated from the Indian subcontinent in middle ages and settled finally in the Caucasus Mountains and Black Sea region in Turkey. There native language is Lomavren language an Indo-Aryan languages with Armenian and Iranian loanwords While in Georgia and Armenia the Lom people are Christian of the Eastern Orthodox Church, in Turkey the Lom are Muslims and speak Turkish.

Lomavren language

Lomavren is the native language of the Lom people, and belong to Indo-Aryan languages with Armenian and Iranian loanwords.

Burkittsville, Maryland

Burkittsville is a town in Frederick County, Maryland, United States.

Emmitsburg, Maryland

Emmitsburg is a town in Frederick County, Maryland, United States.

Myersville, Maryland

Myersville is a town in Frederick County, Maryland, United States.

New Market, Maryland

New Market is a town in Frederick County, Maryland, United States.

Walkersville, Maryland

Walkersville is a town in Frederick County, Maryland, United States.

Woodsboro, Maryland

Woodsboro is a town in Frederick County, Maryland, United States.

Accident, Maryland

Accident is a town in Garrett County, Maryland, United States.

Abdal of Turkey

The Abdals in Turkey are Nomad, and the majority live in Anatolia. They came once together with Turkmen people from Central Asia to Anatolia in Sultanate of Rum. The Abdals have an own sectret language, it's a mix of Turkish-Arabic-Persian-Kurdish and some Romani loanwords, they believe in Alevism and there jobs are circumcising boys, to make basket, tinsmith, metalworking and musicians. 

Deer Park, Maryland

Deer Park is a town in Garrett County, Maryland, United States. As of 2020 it had a population of 303. It is part of the Pittsburgh Media Market.

Queen Camilla

Camilla (née Shand; formerly Parker Bowles; born 17 July 1947) is Queen Consort of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Commonwealth realms as the wife of King Charles III. 

She became queen on 8 September 2022, after the death of Elizabeth II. Before that, she was known as Duchess of Cornwall.

She was born Camilla Rosemary Shand in King's College Hospital, London. She grew up in Sussex. She has a sister, Annabel Elliot (born 1949) and had a brother, Mark Shand (1951-2014).

From 1973 to 1995, she was married to Andrew Parker Bowles. They had two children: a son, Tom and a daughter, Laura. Tom is married to Sara, and they have a daughter, Lola, born in 2007 and a son, Freddy, born in 2010. Laura is married to Harry Lopes, and has a daughter, Eliza, born in 2008 and two sons, Gus and Louis, born in 2009.

The relationship between Camilla and Prince Charles began when they met at a polo match in 1970. Camilla was seen to be an unsuitable match for the future king. 

During Charles' marriage with Princess Diana, he remained a close friend with Camilla. He also admitted to cheating on Diana with Camilla. This made Camilla upopular with the public for some time. 

Prince Charles and Camilla married each other on 9 April 2005, and she started to be called "Her Royal Highness" The Duchess of Cornwall. 

When their engagement was announced, it was also said that she would not be known as "The Princess of Wales", although she legally held this title as the wife of The Prince of Wales. This decision was made due to the popularity of Prince Charles' first wife, Lady Diana Spencer, who held that title from 1981 until her divorce in 1996. Charles and Diana divorced the year prior to her death. 

The Duchess took many visits, mostly in Great Britain — often with Prince Charles, but sometimes on her own. She lives at Clarence House, which is a part of St James's Palace in London (very close to Buckingham Palace). She lives there with King Charles and his sons, Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry.

Camilla became Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the other commonwealth realms as consort of Charles III on the 8th September 2022 following the death of her mother in law, Elizabeth II. Despite public opposition to her being called Queen as the consort to the King (because of public preference to the late Diana, Princess of Wales) it was announced that she would take the title following the wish of Elizabeth II.

Charles III and Camilla were crowned as King and Queen on 6 May 2023 at Westminster Abbey.


Camilla was also legally The Princess of Wales as the wife of The Prince of Wales from her marriage in 2005 until 8th September 2022. However, it was decided that she would not use this title in practice out of deference to the late Diana, Princess of Wales. From 8th September 2022 until 6th May 2023, Camilla was called "Her Majesty The Queen Consort", even though she could have been simply called Queen.

Death and state funeral of Elizabeth II

Elizabeth II, the Queen of the United Kingdom and the other Commonwealth realms, the longest-living and longest-reigning British monarch, died at the age of 96 on 8 September 2022 at Balmoral Castle in Scotland at 15:10 BST. The official announcement came three hours later at 18:30 BST. 

Hours before her death was announced, doctors said that her health had been worsening recently and they would watch her health.

At Balmoral Castle in Scotland, on 6 September, two days before her death, the Queen accepted the resignation of Boris Johnson and appointed Liz Truss to replace him as Prime Minister. 

After the Queen's death her oldest son Charles, Prince of Wales, became King of the United Kingdom and fourteen other Commonwealth realms. 

Her state funeral was on 19 September.

Her daughter Princess Anne registered the death certificate of Queen Elizabeth II on 29 September 2022. It said she died of old age.

Head of the Commonwealth

The head of the Commonwealth is the ceremonial leader of the Commonwealth of Nations, an intergovernmental organisation that is made up of 56 sovereign states.

In 1949, King George VI was king of each of the countries that then made-up the British Commonwealth (later the Commonwealth of Nations): the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, India, Pakistan, and Ceylon. 

The London Declaration, which was made in late April 1949, said that the King, as the symbol of the countries of the Commonwealth, was the head of the Commonwealth.

SSX

SSX may refer to:

Castletown, Highland

Castletown (Scottish Gaelic: "Baile a' Chaisteil") is a village on the north coast of Caithness. It is in the Highland council area of Scotland. 

Castletown is on the A836 main road between John of Groats and Tongue via Thurso. It is 5 miles east of Thurso. In 2020 Castletown had a population of 810.

Castletown

Castletown may refer to:


Prohibition of Mixed Marriages Act, 1949

The Prohibition of Mixed Marriages Act, 1949 was a law that was passed in South Africa in 1949. It was one of the first laws passed during an era known as Apartheid. It made it illegal for "white people" to marry "non-white people". One year later, another law required all people living in South Africa to register as one of four racial groups. The other groups were Black, Coloured and Asian. The law did not criminalize sexual relationships between people of the other groups.

The law was changed in 1968 and abolished in 1985.

According to a study by the South African Statistical Office, there were 1393 mixed-race marriages in 1987; this accounts for 2.1 percent of all marriages of that year.

Caithness

Caithness () is a historic county in northern Scotland. The only county Caithness borders is Sutherland. Caithness is linked to the rest of the country through the A9 and A836 main roads as well as the Far North Line. Wick John O' Groats airport is in Caithness. Many ferry links between the Scottish mainland and the Orkney Islands are through Caithness. The nearby Isle of Stroma is within its borders.

In 2011, Caithness had a population of 26,486.

There are several towns and villages in Caithness.

Towns

Villages

Howard Webb

Howard Melton Webb (born 14 July 1971) is an English past professional football referee. He is currently the Chief Refereeing Officer for PGMOL since November 2022. He had a former job as General Manager and Head of VAR of the Professional Referee Organization for Major League Soccer before he took his role at PGMOL as their Chief Operating Officer. Webb is regarded as one of the top referees by the International Federation of Football History and Statistics. He has refereed many notable games.

Susanna Reid

Susanna Reid (born 10 December 1970) is an English television presenter and journalist.

From 2003 to 2014, she co-hosted BBC Breakfast with Bill Turnbull and Charlie Stayt. In 2013, she was runner-up in the 11th series of the BBC One dancing show Strictly Come Dancing. Since 2014, Reid has been the main presenter of the ITV1 breakfast programme Good Morning Britain with Ben Shephard, Kate Garraway and formerly Piers Morgan. She also presented Sunday Morning Live on BBC One from 2010 to 2011.

Prakrit

Prakrit (from prakrta, meaning natural) was the Indo-Aryan languages spoken in ancient India. The prakrits were used as a colloquial language, and can be contrasted therein with Sanskrit which was used as a literary language and developed a real written grammar. We can say that the Prakrits stand to Sanskrit as Vulgar Latin stands to Classical Latin.

Bandeau

Bandeau is a clothing comprising of a strip of cloth around a woman's breasts. It is usually part of a Bikini. It is strapless, off the shoulder and sleeveless. It is commonly made by elastic materials to prevent it from slipping down or is tied/pinned at the back or front. 

MBB

MBB may refer to:


Bangladesh Pratidin

Bangladesh Pratidin is a daily, Bengali-language independent newspaper in Bangladesh. It was founded on 15 March 2010. Bangladesh Pratidin tops the list of highest circulated dailies in the country out of 345 newspapers published from Dhaka and elsewhere. 

Kyle Balda

Kyle Balda is the director of Minions: Rise of Gru.

Hispaniolan giant tree frog

The Hispaniolan giant tree frog or Hispaniola tree frog ("Osteopilus vastus") is a frog. It lives in Hispaniola. Hispaniola is an island, and the countries Haiti and the Dominican Republic are on it. Scientists have seen it as high as 1700 meters above sea level.

Some Giant Tree frogs from southern Hispaniola may be a part of a different species.

Deforestation and degradation or steams is the main cause of Habitat loss for Giant Tree Frogs. 

A836 road

The A836 is a main road that runs along the north coast of Scotland mostly in Caithness and Sutherland in the Highland Council Area. It runs from John O' Groats to Tongue along the coast before turning south towards Lairg. It ends when it reaches the A99 just west of Tain. It was built in 1922. It is long.

Sian Massey-Ellis

Sian Louise Massey-Ellis (née Massey; born October 5, 1985) is an English football match official.

She works as an assistant referee in the Premier League and the English Football League. She has also been appointed to matches in the EFL Cup, UEFA Women's Champions League, FIFA Women's World Cup and its qualification rounds, and UEFA Europa League. Massey-Ellis was named to FIFA's list of female assistant referees in 2009 and turned professional in 2010.

Sean Fletcher

Sean Fletcher (born 20 April 1974 in New York City, United States of America) is an American-British journalist and television presenter. He is best known as a standby presenter and a standby newsreader on "Good Morning Britain" and formerly just a presenter also on "Countryfile". He was born in New York, New York, the United States of America.

Fletcher also presented the ITV game show "Rebound" (2015–2016) and the BBC Sunday talk show In the morning "Sunday Morning Live" (2017–present).

Graham Potter

Graham Stephen Potter (born 20 May 1975) is an English professional football manager and past player. He is currently the head coach for Premier League club Chelsea.

Journalism sourcing

In journalism, a source or news source is a person, written thing, or other way of getting knowledge gives the reporter information that is new. Sources can be official records, books or other printed works, broadcasts, people who work for governments or businesses, organizations and corporations, people who saw and heard crimes, accidents, or other news, and people to whom a news event or issue is important.

According to Shoemaker (1996) and McQuail (1994), many things can make a source bona fide, or good, or bad. Reporters should build good relationships with sources so that they trust each other, especially if they write about the same kind of thing often. These reporters are called "beat reporters." Beat reporters should also not become close friends with their sources. Journalists should also be skeptical. That means they should wonder whether the source is telling the truth or whether they are lying or wrong. For example, the City News Bureau of Chicago wrote "If your mother says she loves you, check it out." Journalists should not use only one source. Instead, they should find many sources that agree with each other, especially when they are writing about a controversy, or something people might disagree or fight about.

Kakava

Kakava is a Pre-Islamic Spring feast, hold every year in Edirne on 5-6 May. 
At this day, the Romani people in Turkey, celebrated it with Music, Dance, Food and Bonfire, where the young people jumped over. After Bonfire Night, they went to the near River Tunca, washing feet, hands and Face and take candles there, and send wishes. They believe Baba Fingo a Deity come out of the River and protect them

Hilary Jones

Hilary Jones may refer to:



Üsküdar

Üsküdar is a district of Istanbul, Turkey, located in the Anatolian part of the city in a neighboring valley on the banks of the Bosporus, being its ancient name Chrysopolis (golden city), and in the mediaeval period Scutari.

Bloons TD 6

Bloons TD 6 is a 2018 tower defense video game. It is the sixth game in the "Bloons TD" series. It was developed and published by Ninja Kiwi. It was first released in June 2018 for iOS and Android. The game was later ported onto Steam. It was first released on Microsoft Windows in December 2018. It was released on macOS in March 2020. It was added to Apple Arcade on February 11, 2022, as Bloons TD 6+.

In "Bloons TD 6", the player creates a defense to pop all of the enemy balloons. These enemy balloons are called "Bloons", which must be destroyed by popping them with Monkeys. Cash is spent to buy Monkeys and their upgrades. Popping Bloons rewards cash to spend on more defense. If the Bloons reach the exit, they will cause the player to lose lives.

Every round, Bloons are sent in waves. Rounds become increasingly harder, as the Bloons become increasingly stronger. Some Bloons may gain special properties, making them resistant to certain types of Monkeys.

Monkeys can be used to create a defense that is designed to defend against the Bloons. Most of the Monkeys can harm the bloons, which are capable of dealing damage. Some of the Monkeys can support other Monkeys or produce extra income.

Joanne McCartney

Joanne McCartney is a British lawyer and a co-operative Party politician. She is a member of the Labour Party. Since 2004, she has served as a member of the London Assembly, representing Enfield & Haringey. Following the election of Sadiq Khan as Mayor of London in 2016, McCartney became Statutory Deputy Mayor of London.

Prior to her career in politics, McCartney worked as a lawyer in labor law. She also served as a judge for the Housing Ombudsman handling disputes between landlords and tenants.

McCartney was elected as a councilor in the London Borough of Enfield in 1998, representing Edmonton and then Palmers Green. McCartney was elected to the London Assembly for Enfield and Haringey in the 2004 Assembly Elections and became a councilor in 2006 local elections.

She is on the London Advisory Board of the Equality Commission. As a Member of Parliament, she has campaigned for devolution.

McCartney won re-election in the 2008 by about 1,400 votes. In the 2012 election, she increased her margin to 36,741 votes. In the 2016 election, she broke records by winning by a margin of 51,152 votes. McCartney has three children and is chair of governors at the local primary school.

Sandek

Sandak (Godparent) is the one who holds the male infant on his knee during the Brit milah, while another person, the mohel, circumcises him.

Far North Line

The Far North Line is a railway which runs through the east of the Highland Council Area in Scotland. It runs from Inverness to Thurso and Wick. It is the northernmost passenger railway in the United Kingdom.

It is entirely a single-track railway. There are crossing loops at some stations to allow trains to pass each other.

Zaurbek Dzanagov

Zaurbek Chermenovich Dzanagov (December 2, 1955 , Vladikavkaz , USSR - September 7, 2022) was a Soviet and Russian sculptor.

He was best known for the Tree of Sorrow monument, made with Alan Kornaev, to the victims of the terrorist act that occurred on September 1-3, 2004 in the building of school No. 1 in Beslan ( North Ossetia-Alania ).

He is an Honored Sculptor of the Republic of North Ossetia Alania (since 1995), laureate of the Prize of the Government of the Russian Federation in the field of culture ( 2006 ), and a member of the Union of Artists of Russia (since 1982).

He belongs to the Moscow School of Sculpture. In his work, he refers to the traditional Ossetian designs. He uses various materials in his work: wood, stone, bronze, and ceramics. He considers the topics related to spirituality and the inner world of man to be the closest to him, using easel, park and monumental sculptures.

Frederick Leonard (actor)

Frederick Nnaemeka Leonard born may 1,1980 is a Nigerian actor. He won the award for "Best Supporting Actor" at the Golden Icons Academy Movie Awards in 2014. He also won "Best Actor" at the Zulu African Film Academy Awards in 2016.

Frederick Leonard

Frederick Leonard may refer to:

Obstetrics and gynaecology

Obstetrics and gynaecologyis a field of medicine that is concerned with pregnancy and childbirth, and women's health in general. Gynaecology is commonly spelled gynecology. It is the branch of medicine concerned with the female reproductive system. Obstetrics is about pregnancy and childbirth. Usually, this takes a number of specializations, after a general study of medicine.

Radio Nacional del Paraguay

Radio Nacional del Paraguay it is the radio station governmental broadcaster of the Paraguay. Founded in the 1940s, it ceased broadcasting in 2005. Shortwave and currently, it reaches its international audience exclusively through the Internet. Locally it is broadcast on Medium wave, on the frequency of 920 kHz. The programs are in Spanish and in guarani language.


Clinical lycanthropy

Clinical lycanthropy is a condition from psychiatry. People affected either think they can transform into an animal, or that they are transforming into an animal, or that they are an animal. This is of course a false idea. Its name is associated with the mythical condition of lycanthropy, a supernatural affliction in which humans are said to physically shapeshift into wolves. It is purported to be a rare disorder.

If it occurs, the condition occurs with mental disoreders that involve psychosis or hallucinations, such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, or clinical depression.

Usually, treating the underlying condition (for example with antipsychotics) also make this condition go away.

Hilary Jones (doctor)

Hilary Robert Jones (born 19 June 1953) is an English general practitioner, presenter and writer on medical problems.

Jones is known for his appearances on social media and most often on television. He has written for "News of the World" and "The Sun on Sunday" magazines.

Todd Boehly

Todd Lawrence Boehly (born 20 September 1973) is an American businessman and investor. He helped found and is in charge of Eldridge Industries, a holding company located in Greenwich, Connecticut. He is also the temporary chief executive officer of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association and the chairman of Clearlake Capital for club Chelsea.

Wick, Caithness

Wick (Scottish Gaelic: "Inbhir Ùige" (IPA:[ˈinivɪɾʲˈuːkʲə]), Scots: "Week") is a town in Caithness in the Highland Council area in northern Scotland. The town is atop the Wick River and opposite to Wick bay. As of 2011, Wick had a population of 6,954. Wick has has been a borough since the 19th century however in 1902 it was merged with nearby Pulteneytown. Wick is on the A99 road which links with the A9 road in Latheron. From there one can travel all the way to southern Scotland. The Far North Line also runs to Wick from Wick Railway Station. Wick is also served by Wick John O' Groats airport.

Wick

Wick may refer to:


Fall into Darkness

Fall into Darkness is a 1996 American television thriller movie directed by Mark Sobel and was based on the novel of the same name by Christopher Pike. It stars Tatyana Ali, Charlotte Ross, Jonathan Brandis, Paul Scherrer, Sean Murray and aired on NBC.

Bibiana Steinhaus

Bibiana Steinhaus-Webb (born 24 March 1979) is a German football referee. She is currently the Women's Select Group Director in the PGMOL with Howard Webb, the Chief Operating Officer as her spouse. She is the referee for MTV Engelbostel-Schulenburg of the Lower Saxony Football Association, but since October 2020 only as a VAR. She was a referee for FIFA and a women's elite category referee for UEFA.

Yellow bromeliad frog

The Jamaican yellow tree frog, yellow bromeliad frog or Spalding's tree frog ("Osteopilus marinae") is a frog. It lives in Jamaica. Scientists have seen between 120 and 880 meters above sea level.

Prince William of Gloucester

Prince William of Gloucester (William Henry Andrew Frederick; 18 December 1941 – 28 August 1972) was a grandson of King George V and a cousin of Queen Elizabeth II. At the time of his birth he was fourth in line to the throne, and ninth in line at the time of his death.
He graduated from Cambridge and Stanford. He then joined the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, serving in Lagos and Tokyo, before returning to take over royal duties. He led an active life, flying Piper aircraft, trekking through the Sahara, and even ballooning.

He is still the most recent child of George III to be diagnosed with porphyria. Porphyria is widely believed to be the illness that most likely caused George III's mental breakdown.

Prince William died in 1972, aged 30, in an air crash while piloting his plane in a competition.

Pip Tomson

Phillipa "Pip" Tomson (born 30 August 1977) is an English television presenter and journalist. She is the senior news correspondent for ITV breakfast show Good Morning Britain.

Willis Reed

Willis Reed Jr. (June 25, 1942 – March 21, 2023) was an American basketball player, coach and general manager. He spent his entire professional playing career (1964–1974) with the New York Knicks. In 1982, Reed was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. In 1996 he was voted one of the "50 Greatest Players in NBA History".

Island of Stroma

The Island of Stroma also known as the Isle of Stroma or just Stroma is an uninhabited island just off the north coast of Scotland in Caithness in the Highland Council Area.

List of programs broadcast by PBS Kids (block)

The following is a list of programs that have currently or formerly aired on the PBS Kids block on PBS.


Lyuli

The Luli people are also called as Central Asian Gypsy are once migrated from the City Multan to China and from there to Central Asia and Caucasus Mountains. They lived in several Countrys like Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and Tajikistan and Crimea. They are Muslims of Sunni Islam with elements from an old Tribal religion, based on Zoroastrianism

Adil Ray

Adil Ray (; born 26 April 1974) is a British actor, comedian and a radio and television presenter.

Ray stars in the BBC One comedy Citizen Khan, which he created and helps write as well working on various BBC radio stations. He also is a standby presenter of the ITV breakfast show Good Morning Britain and he acted as Sadiq Nawaz in the Channel 4 drama series Ackley Bridge. In 2021, he presented the revival of the ITV afternoon game show Lingo.

Afro-Turks

Afro-Turks, in Turkish "Afro-Türkler", also named as Araplar or zenciler, refer to Black people of Turkish citizens whose ancestors once came to the Ottoman Empire from different countrys of Africa. They are Sunni Muslims and speak Turkish as first language and fully assimilated in Turkish culture. Starting centuries ago, some Africans slaves who were freed by Turks over the course of the 18th and 19th century, were transported to the Ottoman Empire from Niger, Kenya, Sudan via Zanzibar and settled in Dalaman, Izmir, Gediz, Manavgat and Çukurova. Much of them intermarried with Turks. Some of them originally lived in Crete, but were sent to the Aegean coast of Anatolia in Turkey due to the Greek-Turkish population exchange in 1923. There traditonal festival Dana Bayramı (Calf Feast) is hold every year in Izmir. Afro Turks from Germany, descendants of the Gustworker who once came from Turkey to Germany, visit the Festival in Izmir. They established in 2006 an Association for African Culture and Solidarity (Afrikalılar Kültür ve Dayanışma Derneği).

Merlin Hanbury-Tracy, 7th Baron Sudeley

Merlin Charles Sainthill Hanbury-Tracy, 7th Baron Sudeley (17 June 1939 – 5 September 2022) was a British peer, author, and monarchist. In 1941, at the age of two, he became the Barony of Sudeley. He was a member of the Conservative Party. He was Vice-Chancellor of the International Monarchist League, and President of the Traditional Britain Group.

Just Jaeckin

Just Jaeckin (8 August 1940 – 6 September 2022) was a French movie director, photographer, and sculptor. He was born in Vichy, France. He was known for directing the 1974 movie "Emmanuelle".

Jaeckin died on 6 September 2022 in Saint-Briac-sur-Mer, France at the age of 82.

Saint-Briac-sur-Mer

Saint-Briac-sur-Mer (, literally "Saint-Briac on Sea"; ; Gallo: "Saent-Beriac"), is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine Department in Brittany in northwestern France.

Edo Spier

Elias "Edo" Spier (26 May 1926 – 6 September 2022) was a Dutch architect, designer, journalist, and politician. He was a member of the Democrats 66 party. He was in the Senate from 1991 to 1995. Spier was born in Amsterdam, Netherlands.

Spier had a Jewish background and survived the Holocaust. He died on 6 September 2022, at the age of 96.

B. B. Lal

Braj Basi Lal (2 May 1921 – 10 September 2022), better known as B. B. Lal, was an Indian writer and archaeologist. He was born in Jhansi, British India. He was the Director General of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) from 1968 to 1972 and was Director of the Indian Institute of Advanced Studies, Shimla. Lal also served on various UNESCO committees.

Lal died on 10 September 2022 in New Delhi, India at the age of 101.

Sonny West (musician)

Joseph Sonny West (July 30, 1937 – September 8, 2022) was an American rock songwriter and musician. He was best known as the co-writer of two of Buddy Holly's best known songs; "Oh, Boy!" and "Rave On".

West died in Grove, Oklahoma on September 8, 2022, at the age of 85.

Yoel Schwartz

Yoel Schwartz (; 29 September 1939 – 8 September 2022) was an Israeli Haredi Jewish rabbi, Torah scholar, and writer. He wrote over 200 Jewish books. He was a senior lecturer at Dvar Yerushalayim yeshiva.

Radoslav Brđanin

Radoslav Brđanin (9 February 1948 – 7 September 2022) was a Bosnian Serb political leader and a war criminal. In 2004 he was sentenced to 32 years in jail by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia for crimes he did during the Bosnian War.

He died on 7 September 2022.

János Fuzik

János Fuzik (10 October 1957 – 7 September 2022) was a Hungarian journalist and politician. He was a member of the . He was a member of the National Assembly from 2014 to 2018.

Fuzik died on 7 September 2022, at the age of 64.

Willie Los'e

William Keith Los'e (22 July 1967 – 7 September 2022) was a Tongan rugby union player. He played as a lock. After retiring from playing, he worked as a radio host and television commentator. He was born in Auckland, New Zealand. He played for the Tonga national rugby union team in 1995 three times.

Lance Mackey

Lance Mackey (June 2, 1970 – September 7, 2022) was an American dog musher and dog sled racer. He was from Fairbanks, Alaska. Mackey was a four-time winner of both the Yukon Quest and the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race.

Mackey died of throat cancer on September 7, 2022 at the age of 52.

Dagmar Schipanski

Dagmar Elisabeth Schipanski (née Eichhorn; 3 September 1943 – 7 September 2022) was a German physicist, academic, and politician. She ran for President of Germany in the 1999 election. She was a member and president of the Landtag of Thuringia between 2004 to 2009.

Schipanski died on 7 September 2022 four days after her 79th birthday.

Annemarie Renger

Annemarie Renger (née Wildung; 7 October 1919 – 3 March 2008) was a German politician for the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).

From 1972 until 1976 she was the 5th President of the Bundestag. She was the first woman to hold this office. She was nominated as the presidential candidate of the SPD in 1979, the first woman to be nominated for President by a major party.

Piet Schrijvers

Piet Schrijvers (15 December 1946 – 7 September 2022) was a Dutch professional football manager and player. He was a goalkeeper. He appeared 46 times for the Netherlands national football team from 1971 to 1984.

Schrijvers died on 7 September 2022 from illness originating from Alzheimer's disease at the age of 75.

Bernard Shaw (journalist)

Bernard Shaw (May 22, 1940 – September 7, 2022) was an American journalist. He was the lead news anchor for CNN from 1980 until his retirement in March 2001.

Shaw died at a hospital in Washington, D.C. on September 7, 2022, at the age of 82 from pneumonia.

Pierre Muller

Pierre Muller (1952 – 9 September 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the government of the City of Geneva, Switzerland, beginning in 1995. He was the mayor of Geneva from 1999 to 2000 and again from 2004 to 2005. He was a member of the Parti Libéral Genevois.

Csaba Kőrösi

Csaba Kőrösi is a Hungarian politician. He was the Director of Environmental Sustainability in the Office of the President of Hungary. In June 2022 was elected to be the President of the United Nations General Assembly for its seventy-seventh session.

John Musker

John Edward Musker (born November 8, 1953) is an American animator, film director, film producer and screenwriter.

Musker was born in Chicago, Illinois to Irish Catholic parents Robert J. Musker and Joan T. Lally.

Musker is married to Gale. They had twin sons, Jackson and Patrick, and a daughter, Julia.

Torpedo Alley

Torpedo Alley is a 1952 American World War II movie directed by Lew Landers and starring Mark Stevens, Charles Winninger, Dorothy Malone, Bill Williams, Douglas Kennedy, James Millican, William Henry, Charles Bronson.

Palace Malchiodi

The The Palace Malchiodi or Palazzo Malchiodi is a palace in Via Anelli 9, Milano, Italy, designed by Gian Carlo Malchiodi adjacent to and in support of an existing masterpiece Palace Crivelli of 1955, in Via Crivelli 9 by Carlo Perogalli and Attilio Mariani, in the historic center of Milan inside the luxurious Quadronno District, which collects the open-air masterpieces of numerous archistars of the fifties.

Gian Carlo Malchiodi who will design other buildings in the same street will decide to later open his own studio in this building, saying he wants to admire his creations every day, where his son Umberto Malchiodi also worked in an area unique in the world for Italian design with masterpieces created on commission from an enlightened Milanese nobility and bourgeoisie of the 1950s that will give birth to Italian design then recognized all over the world.

The Palazzo Malchiodi has the particularity, like the nearby work of Galmanini, of being born with a "double front" being located on the corner between Via Anelli and Via Crivelli, Malchiodi harmonizes two different souls as if they were two distinct buildings that interact with each other, without solving the problem of the corner.

• Design: 1956-1958
• Execution: 1957
• reference date: 1956 - 1957




Palace Tre Torri

The The Palace Tre Torri also known as Palazzo Torri is a residential building designed in 1957 by Gian Carlo Malchiodi located in Via Anelli 13 on the side of Palazzo Maffezoli, in the historic center of Milan inside the Quadronno District, which collects the open-air masterpieces of numerous archistars of the fifties.

This Milanese residential building takes its name from the three characteristic columns of the tower façade that make up the frontispiece, which make up a chessboard with the loggias, alternating full and empty spaces, which communicate with each other through the glass.

The Palazzo di Tre Torri has a particular architectural, artistic, historical and cultural interest.


• Design: 1953-1955
• Execution: 1955
• reference date: 1953 - 1955


Palace Perogalli

The The Palace Perogalli also known as Palazzo Perogalli is a residential building designed in 1952 by Carlo Perogalli and Attilio Mariani in Viale Beatrice d'Este 26, in the historic center of Milan inside the Quadronno District, which collects the open-air masterpieces of numerous archistars of the fifties.

The Palace offers a view of via Anelli and Palazzo Galmanini Portaluppi at the corner of Via Anelli, considered the most important design masterpiece in the area.

Carlo Perogalli and Attilio Mariani also built the adjacent design building in Viale Beatrice d'Este 24 known as The Abstract House.

The Palazzo is like the adjacent building, in support, of La Casa Astratta, an expression of the theories of the MAC-Movimento d'Arte Concreta with a facade that recalls "a rhythmic score based on the alternation of brown and Havana clinker panels, separated from each other by the empty windows and the glossy white of the roller shutter boxes."

Palazzo Perogalli was built a few years after the Abstract House, in which the main element this time is the color which, on the side façade, gives a dynamic effect and breaks the static nature of the wall box through staggered clinker panels of different sizes and alternating colors, orange and brown.

The Palazzo is the first example of Clinker cladding, which will later become one of the "means of expression most used by the Milanese design culture" and will be the inspiration for works by Gio Ponti, Caccia Dominioni, Franco Albini, and Ignazio Gardella "who reflect on the theme of architectural skin composed of flakes of the most varied shapes and shades of color".

This characterization of color is the main element of the building. ""So: the color yes, but with an architectural function, which is to follow the exact path. In this house a fine and minute texture, marked, with a well-known but well-used motif, by the uprights which connect the balconies, is accompanied by a chessboard of two-tone Clinker panels, alternately the same, between these two colors the emptyness of the display case and the white of the lid of the box act as a separation: a pleasant effect certainly"". The side elevation, on the other hand, is clad with litho-ceramic chess patterns alternating between tan and brown colors.

• Design: 1951-1952
• Execution: 1952
• reference date: 1951 - 1952



Pride and Prejudice (1940 movie)

Pride and Prejudice is a 1940 American romantic drama movie directed by Robert Z. Leonard and was based on the 1813 novel of the same name by Jane Austen. It stars Greer Garson, Laurence Oliver, Mary Boland, Edna May Oliver, Maureen O'Sullivan, Edmund Gwenn, Marsha Hunt, Ann Rutherford, Melville Cooper, Frieda Inescort and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It won an Academy Awards in 1941.


Lovin' Molly

Lovin' Molly is a 1974 American romantic drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the novel "Leaving Cheyenne" by Larry McMurtry. It stars Susan Sarandon, Anthony Perkins, Beau Bridges, Blythe Danner, Edward Binns, Conrad Fowkes and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


List of Robot Chicken episodes

This is a list of episodes for the stop-motion television series "Robot Chicken". The first episode aired on February 20, 2005, at 11:30 p.m. EST on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim block, and the eleventh season premiered on September 7, 2021, at 12:00 a.m. EDT. There have been a number of half-hour specials.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


AGS-17

The AGS-17 "Plamya" is a Soviet automatic grenade launcher that fires a 30x29mm VOG-17M grenade. It was designed in 1968 by Alexander Fedorovich Kornyakov and KB Tochmash. The AGS-17 also is produced in other nations such as Serbia, Ukraine, Vietnam, Finland, China, Bulgaria and Iraq. The AGS-17 was designed to operate from a tripod and support Infantry in either direct fire on indirect fire, it has been seen used as a Mortar in the 2022 Russian Invasion of Ukraine by both sides.

The Plamya has been used in multiple wars, it was first used in the Soviet-Afghan war. It has also been used in other wars such as South African Border war, which was the first time it was used outside Afghanistan. It has also been used in the Gulf War, El Salvador Civil War, Chechen wars, and others.

The AGS-17 has a removable barrel to reduce heat and barrel stress, while it also has a tripod that is able to go up to 75° Angle and down to a -5° Angle. It is able to fire up to 400 rounds a minute. It also has two sights, an iron sight and a mortar-styled sight, but it also has a rail to use a scope and a sight. The Plamya also has a Snail drum that can carry up to 29 rounds of 30x29mm.
Since the AGS fires a 30x29mm VOG-17M round, it also can use other rounds such as the newer VOG-30, which is a newer version of the VOG-17M. The Plamya can also support rounds such as the: IO-30, IO-30TP (For training), VOG-30D, and the VUS-30 which is a smoke grenade. But since 2013, the VOG-17M and VOG-30 have been phased out in favor of the newer VOG-30D. 

The Bulgarian Company Arcus has also made a grenade named the AR-ROG, which is based on the VOG-17 to be used as a hand grenade.

The purpose of the AGS-17 is to provide indirect and direct support. It has been seen used as a mortar in Ukraine, it has been seen also creating deathzones that cut off the enemy from a certain area. The AGS-17's design allows it to be used as a mortar due to it being able to go up to 75 degrees up. It has also been used to fight against vehicles that have little to no armor. The AGS-17 can be attached to other vehicles for better performance. The design of the AGS-17 also allows it to also be used to target fortifications, they are capable of destroying sand bags, and other types of fortifications.

In 1960, the United States Army made the Mk.19, an Automatic Grenade Launcher that was used in the Vietnam War. It fired the powerful 40mm HE Grenade. It was proven effective in the war. The Soviet Union needed something to one-up this new design, so they made the AGS-17 with the help of Alexander Fedorovich Kornyakov and OKB-16 in 1968, but production would actually started in 1971. The Red Army tested the weapon in 1969, then started using it in 1971.

The Soviet-Afghan War started in December, 1979. But before the war started, the Afghan People's Republic was formed after the 1978 coup by Nur Mohammad Taraki, they started a series of radical reforms that modernized the nation. They supressed any opposition from local Afghan Muslims, they arrested and executed over 27,000 protesters. It would later cause rebellions to occur April 1979. The Afghan Government called for support against the rebellion. 

The 40th Army under Leonid Brezhnev arrived to Kabul in December 27, 1979. they caused a coup which they killed the president and made a new one under Babrak Karmal, Soviet Troops later occupied large parts of Afghanistan, which caused the Mujahideen to fight a guerilla war against the Soviet Army.

The AGS-17 saw service in the Soviet-Afghan War, it was used by both sides as Mujahideen captured some. It was used on Vehicles and Helicopters, and BTR Series IFVs. With every Platoon having an AGS-17 Squad, it was proved effective.

When the Soviet Union was dissolved on December 26th, 1991; The Chechens were not officially independent, being a de-facto recognized state. In 1993, the Chechen Republic declared independence. On December 11th, 1994, the Russian Armed Forces launched an attack to capture Grozny. The Battle of Dolinskoye was the first ever battle that had multiple Russian Casualties, then the Battle of Khankala which the Russians won and closed into Grozny, the Chechen Insurgents set up defensive positions in Grozny and waited for the Russians.

During both of the Chechen Wars, the AGS-17 saw action by both sides. Chechen Mobile Friring Groups used the AGS-17 as a mortar and also as a support weapon thanks to it's design, the Chechens also found it useful in the battle of Grozny, and others battles in the wars. The Chechens also used the AGS-17 on Toyota Hiluxs. But with the Russians, every battalion had an AGS-17 Platoon, the platoon consisted of an AGS-17 squad, an antitank squad, and also an RPO flamethrower squad. Every platoon also had one forward observer that allowed it to be used as a mortar.

In 2011, the Bashaar Regime brutally cracked down on protests during the Arab Spring. The People responded by rebelling and firing back, while some members in the Syrian Arab Armed Forces defected and formed the Free Syrian Army and later on the Syrian National Army. The Free Syrian Army at first controlled most of the Nation, but later on the Free Syrian Army lost most their lands and later became more of an insurgent group. The Syrian Arab Armed Forces have been seen using the AGS-17. The Syrian Republican Guard has been seen using the AGS-17.

In 2014, the Donetsk People's Republic and Luhank's People Republic declared independence, which caused the Donbas conflict, the Russian Armed Forces fought and supported the separatists. And later on, the Russian Armed Forces invaded Crimea and later on annexed it. In February 24th, 2022; The Russian Federation invaded the Republic of Ukraine from Belarus, Crimea, and the Donbas. 

The AGS-17 has been seen used as a mortar by both sides. The Ukraininans use the RGSh-30, a variant of the AGS-17. The AGS-30 and AGS-40 were also seen in the war. The AGS has been preferred by both sides due to its design and and it's purpose and how it executes it.

The first time the AGS-17 was ever used outside of Russia was in the South Africa Border war. The 32 Battalion, one of South Africa's most elite units used the AGS-17 in Angola. The South African Government bought some AGS-17s. Other wars also Included the Gulf War, El Salvador Civil War, Iraq War, Yemeni Civil War, Ivorian Civil War, Sudanese Civil Wars, and the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh War.

The AGS-17 has two major variants, the AGS-17A, a remote controlled AGS-17 that is used on Vehicles. While the AGS-17D is also a remote controlled variant but it is used on helicopters. The AGS-17D was more used in Afghanistan, while the AGS-17A has been used more in Chechnya due to the environment. Afghanistan is more mountainous while Chechnya is more urban.

The RGSh-30 is the Ukrainian variant of the AGS-17, it has been used in the Donbas War and the 2022 Russian Invasion of Ukraine. It is a hand held version of the AGS-17 and fires 25mm, 30mm and 40mm HE grenades, the RGSh-30 also uses the VOG-17. The weapon was made between 2007 and 2008, it has been used in the Donbas War and the Invasion of Crimea. It has a picatinny rail, short barrel and a muzzle brake. It serves the same purpose as the AGS-17, as it is meant to disable vehicles and support infantry.

The QLZ-87 is the Chinese variant of the AGS-17, it was first produced in the late 80s by Xiafeng Machinery and Nirinco. It is heavily inspired by the AGS-17, as it uses a somewhat similar round, the 35mm. Itz has it's own variant, the QLB-06, a lighter handheld version of the QLZ-87. The CCP purchased AGS-17s from the Mujahideen, who had been fighting the Soviet Union.




Red Auerbach

Arnold Jacob "Red" Auerbach (September 20, 1917 – October 28, 2006) was an American professional basketball coach and executive.

He served as a head coach in the National Basketball Association (NBA), most notably with the Boston Celtics.

He was also the head coach of the Washington Capitols and Tri-Cities Blackhawks.

Madan Mohan Malaviya

Madan Mohan Malaviya ( (25 December 1861 — 12 November 1946) was an Indian scholar, educational reformer and politician. He was famously known for his efforts in the Indian independence movement. He was president of the Indian National Congress for four times. 

He founded an organisation called . He was generally known as "Pandit" (a title of respect), and Mahamana (Great Soul).

Malaviya was one of the founders of "The Bharat Scouts and Guides". He founded a highly influential English newspaper, "The Leader," in 1919. The newspaper was published from Allahabad. He was also the Chairman of "Hindustan Times" from 1924 to 1946. His efforts resulted in the launch of its Hindi edition named "Hindustan Dainik" in 1936.

Malaviya was posthumously awarded the India's highest civilian distinction Bharat Ratna, on 24 December 2014.



Zimbabwe national netball team

The Zimbabwe national netball team is the national netball from Zimbabwe. They went to the Netball World Cup in 2019 and finished 8th in the tournament.

You May Be Right

"You May Be Right" is a 1980 song by Billy Joel, taken from his seventh studio album Glass Houses. It went to number 6 in Canada and number 7 in the United States and was used in the 1990s sitcom series "Dave's World".

Trinidad and Tobago women's national under-17 football team

Trinidad and Tobago women's national under-17 football team represents Trinidad and Tobago in youth soccer and they have hosted the 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup.

The team qualified for the first time in 2010.

Deep Blue Something

Deep Blue Something is an American rock band formed in 1991.


Sergei Belov

Sergei Alexandrovich Belov (Russian: Серге́й Алекса́ндрович Бело́в; 23 January 1944 – 3 October 2013) was a Russian professional basketball player, most noted for playing for CSKA Moscow and the senior Soviet Union national basketball team.

He is considered to be one of the best European basketball players of all time, and was given the honour of lighting the Olympic Cauldron with the Olympic flame during the 1980 Summer Olympics opening ceremony, in Moscow.

In 1991, Belov was named by FIBA as the Best FIBA Player ever.

Green bromeliad frog

The green bromeliad frog, Jamaican green tree frog, or Wilder's tree frog ("Osteopilus wilderi") is a frog. It lives in Jamaica. Scientists have seen between 120 and 880 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 24.3 to 27.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 24.2 to 29.2 mm long. There is no webbed skin on the front feet and a little webbed skin on the back feet. This frog is usually yellow-green in color but it can be red-brown in color. The belly is lighter in color. Some frogs have spots on their sides.

This frog lives in bromeliad plants. Bromeliads are plants that can live on the ground or high up on other plants. Rainwater collects in the leaves of the bromeliads. The frogs lay their eggs in this water. The first tadpoles to hatch eat the other eggs. Scientists think the tadpoles may also eat each other. "Osteopilus brunneus" tadpoles do eat green bromeliad frog tadpoles if they are in the same plant. But "Osteopilus brunneus" lays its eggs in larger bromeliad plants, and the green bromeliad frog lays its eggs in smaller ones. Scientists think green bromeliad frogs do this so that the "Osteopilus brunneus" tadpoles will not eat their young.

The green bromeliad frog lives in tropical forests and subtropical forests.

The adult frog eats insects. It eats leafhoppers.

This frog is in some danger of dying out. This is because human beings cut down the forests where they live to build houses and to collect wood for building.

Rick Barry

Richard Francis Dennis Barry III (born March 28, 1944) is an American retired professional basketball player who starred at the NCAA, American Basketball Association (ABA) and National Basketball Association (NBA) levels.

Barry is the father of former professional basketball players Brent Barry, Jon Barry, Drew Barry, and Scooter Barry, and current professional player Canyon Barry.

His wife, Lynn Norenberg Barry, was a star basketball player at the College of William & Mary, where she became the first female athlete to have her jersey number (22) retired.

Myersiohyla

Myersiohyla is a group of frogs in the family Hylidae. Scientists made this group in 2005 after they looked closely at all the frogs in Hylidae. At first, they put four species in "Myersiohyla". All four had been in the group "Hyla" before 2005. The genus is found in the tepui region of Guyana and Venezuela.

There are six species in "Myersiohyla":


Raymond James Stadium

Raymond James Stadium is a stadium in Tampa, Florida. It is home to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League (NFL).


George Gervin

George Gervin (born April 27, 1952), nicknamed "the Iceman", is an American former professional basketball player who played in both the American Basketball Association (ABA) and National Basketball Association (NBA) for the Virginia Squires, San Antonio Spurs, and Chicago Bulls.

Gervin averaged at least 14 points per game in all 14 of his ABA and NBA seasons, and finished with an NBA career average of 26.2 points per game.

In 1996, Gervin was named as one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History, and in 2021, Gervin was named as one of the 75 greatest players in NBA history.

Phai Phongsathon

Phai Phongsathon (Thai: ไผ่ พงศธร) (born 12 June 1982) is a Luk thung and Mor lam singer from Isan area. He also plays professional football as a midfielder for Yasothon.

The Gang of Four Messing up Hong Kong

The Gang of Four Messing up Hong Kong(traditional Chinese: 亂港四人幫) was first used by Sing Pao Daily News in August 2016 to call these four men as a group – Zhang Xiaoming, Leung Chun-ying, Jiang Zaizhong and Tung Chee Hwa.

Sing Pao Daily News kept writing for months that the group had been causing trouble in Hong Kong for their own gain. Leung sounded like he looked down on the above-said writing when he once answered reporters' questions. Ta Kung Pao and Wen Wei Po, whose boss is Jiang, kept writing for months that the above-said writing was telling lies.
Many people cared about their writing bad things about each other. They had different guesses on why it was happening.

In February 2017, Sing Pao Daily News said that some people had begun doing horrible things to try to make them stop writing about 'the Gang of Four Messing up Hong Kong'.

Riotsville, USA

Riotsville, USA (stylized as "RIOTSVILLE, USA") is an American documentary movie. It was completed in 2022. The movie is about "the militarization of the police and the reaction of a nation to the uprisings of the late '60s, creating a counter-narrative to a critical moment in the country's history." It begins showing the "civil unrest in places like Watts and Harlem and how the U.S. military began training for an increased presence in the inner cities." Then it shows "the construction of fake towns, dubbed 'Riotsville,' that the Army and military police used to perform riot control exercises..." 

The movie was produced using archival footage from the government and the media. It was directed by Sierra Pettengill. The producers were Jamila Wignot and Sara Archambault. The executive producers were Charlotte Cook and Laura Poitras. It is narrated by Charlene Modeste. The narration was written by Tobi Haslett. The movie was supported by a 2020 grant from the International Documentary Association. Magnolia Pictures scheduled its streaming and limited theatrical release for September 16, 2022.

"Riotsville, USA" was presented in the "Next" category at the 2022 Sundance Film Festival. It was also show at the San Francisco International Film Festival in 2022. 

The movie had mixed but generally positive reviews. Shayna Warner says it "is an impressive weaving of all the moving parts, large and small, that come together to cement one point of view as acceptable." Susannah Gruder called it "a transfixing and troubling archival documentary. . . ." On the other hand, Warren Cantrell found the movie provocative but disorganized and not well focused. 

Ingemar Johansson

Jens Ingemar "Ingo" Johansson (22 September 1932 – 30 January 2009) was a Swedish professional boxer who competed from 1952 to 1963. He held the world heavyweight title from 1959 to 1960, and was the fifth heavyweight champion born outside the United States.

Sanya Malhotra

Sanya Malhotra (born 25 February 1992) is an Indian actress who works in Hindi films. She began her career with supporting roles in the biographical sports film "Dangal" (2016) and the comedy "Badhaai Ho" (2018), both of which rank among the highest-grossing Indian films.

Malhotra received nominations for the Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actress for her roles in the drama "Photograph" (2019) and the black comedy "Ludo" (2020), and also received praise for starring in "Shakuntala Devi" (2020), "Pagglait" (2021) and 
"Love Hostel" (2022).

Herman Boerhaave

Herman Boerhaave (1 December 1668 – 23 September 1738) was a Dutch botanist, chemist, Christian humanist, and physician of European fame.

He is regarded as the founder of clinical teaching and of the modern academic hospital and is sometimes referred to as "the father of physiology," along with Venetian physician Santorio Santorio (1561–1636).

Philipp Scheidemann

Philipp Heinrich Scheidemann (26 July 1865 – 29 November 1939) was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).

In the first quarter of the 20th century he played a leading role in both his party and in the young Weimar Republic.

During the German Revolution of 1918-1919 that broke out after Germany's defeat in World War I, Scheidemann proclaimed a German Republic from a balcony of the Reichstag building.

Heydar Latifiyan

Heydar Gholi Latifiyan () (1879- December 16, 1915) also known as Heydar Latifiyan (), was a Supporter of the Persian Constitutional Revolution and the Democrat Party of Iran. He was an Iranian popular commander in World War I.

"...the Russian army from one side reaches the village of Kolmeh, which is located between the Robat Karim road and Tehran, and the local fighters are surrounded from three sides. The Russians start bombarding the area from almost a mile, until in the evening, the strongholds of the local Batop fighters are bombarded. But everyone survives. But in the evening, the infantry riders of the Russian army came closer and the war with swords started and after a bloody clash, seventy people were killed...". Heydar Latifiyan was also killed like the rest of his comrades. According to the traditions of the local people, the Russians made it difficult to identify the bodies by cutting off the heads of the dead. The only body that could be identified (by his clothes) was that of Heydar Latifiyan, who was buried near the north of Vahan Abad village. (Nowadays, One kilometer to Tehran International Airport).


Bjarni Benediktsson (born 1908)

Bjarni Benediktsson (30 April 1908 – 10 July 1970) was an Icelandic politician of the Independence Party who served as Prime Minister of Iceland from 1963 to 1970.

Marie-José of Belgium

Marie-José of Belgium (Marie-José Charlotte Sophie Amélie Henriette Gabrielle; 4 August 1906 – 27 January 2001) was the last Queen of Italy. As she was only Queen for 34 days she got the nickname "the may queen".

Prince Claus of the Netherlands

Prince Claus of the Netherlands, Jonkheer van Amsberg (born Klaus-Georg Wilhelm Otto Friedrich Gerd von Amsberg; 6 September 1926 – 6 October 2002) was the husband of Queen Beatrix, and the Prince Consort of the Netherlands from when Beatrix became Queen in 190 until he died in 2002.

Solvation shell

A solvation shell or solvation sheath is a chemical compound or biomolecule which makes up a part of a solute.

Clinton Sundberg

Clinton Charles Sundberg (December 7, 1903 (some sources say 1906) – December 14, 1987) was an American character actor in film and stage.


Mooning

Mooning is the act of displaying one's bare buttocks, by removing clothing. Very often, poeple also bend over, and their genitals may be visible as well. In English-speaking countries, mooning is used to show protest, or disrespect. It can also be done as a form of provocation. Mooning can be done for shock value, for fun, as a joke or as a form of exhibitionism. The Māori have a form of mooning known as that is a form of insult. 

In some countries, mooning is seen as a form of indecent exposure. This often depends on the context.

Richard Backus

Richard Backus (born March 28, 1945) is an American actor and television writer. He has been nominated for four Daytime Emmy Awards for writing and one for acting.



Yenish people

The Yenish people are descendants of itinerant Germans Minstrel's from the Middle Ages who had a nomadic life. A separate people, called the Yenish people, arose on this background. The Yenish people have their own customs and do not want to be confused with the Roma people, just as they also speak their own language: the Yenish language, which is considered a variety of German language. There are around 400,000 in Germany, 40,000 in Austria and 35,000 Yenish in Switzerland. In Belgium in the 1990s there were around 7,000 nomadic Yenish, but the number of permanent residents is unknown. To this day, people of Yenish origin can be found at all levels of the Circus and showman buisness.

Haul truck

A haul truck is a giant truck used to transport materials in mining and heavy construction. It is a large type of dump truck which cannot run on highways or regular roads.

Most of these trucks are of a two-axle design, but some are three axis. Haul truck capacities range from 40 short tons (36 long tons; 36 t) to 496 short tons (443 long tons; 450 t). Large quarry-sized trucks range from 40 to 100 short tons (36 to 89 long tons; 36 to 91 t).

Rufst du, mein Vaterland

"Rufst du, mein Vaterland?" ("Do you call, my Fatherland?") was the national anthem of Switzerland from 1848 to 1961. In 1961, Switzerland changed their national anthem to the Swiss Psalm. It was sung to the tune of God Save the King, the British national anthem. The german lyrics were written in 1811 by Johann Rudolf Wyss.

The song originally had seven verses, but only the first, second and sixth were commonly sung.

11th Song

11th Song is the debut studio album by Deep Blue Something. The album was released on October 13, 1993.

Pleasant View, Tennessee

Pleasant View is a city in Cheatham County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 4,807 at the 2020 census.

Mojado Power

Mojado Power () is a 1981 Mexican comedy movie directed by Alfonso Arau (who also stars) and also starring Blanca Guerra, Pedro Damián, Socorro Bonilla.

No Reply at All

"No Reply at All" is a 1981 song by Genesis and is taken from their album Abacab. It went to number 7 in Canada and number 29 in the United States.

Abacab (song)

"Abacab" is a 1981 song by Genesis. It is the title track from the 11th studio album of same name. It went to number 3 in South Africa, number 8 in Norway and number 9 in the United Kingdom.

Ernst Dokupil

Ernst Dokupil (born 24 April 1947) is a retired Austrian footballer and coach.
Dokupil started his career with SC Wacker Wien and after merging for FC Admira/Wacker. After one year with 1. Simmeringer SC he went to SK Rapid Wien. In 1976 he went back to Simmering where he played two seasons.

In 1978 he became coach of Simmering. In 1981 he won the 2nd league and Simmering was promoted to the Bundesliga. He then went to Admira/Wacker. From 1987 to 1989 he was coach of First Vienna FC. In 1994 he became manager of SK Rapid Wien. In his first season as coach Rapid won the Austrian Cup. The next season Rapid reached the final of the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup. In the 1997–98 he became sports director of Rapid. After Heribert Weber was fired he became again coach of Rapid for the 2000–01 season. 

DJ Kay Slay

Keith Grayson (August 14, 1966 – April 17, 2022), professionally known as DJ Kay Slay, was an American disc jockey. He is referred to by "The New York Times" as "Hip Hop's One-Man Ministry of Insults". Grayson was born on August 14, 1966, in the New York City neighborhood of Bronx. He began his career in the 1980's.

On April 17, 2022, Grayson died from COVID-19 at age 55.

DJ Kay Slay has released six studio albums:

Bernese March

The Bernese March (, ) is the anthem of the Canton of Bern, Switzerland.

Dennis, Massachusetts

Dennis is a town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States.

Eastham, Massachusetts

Eastham is a town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States.

Harwich, Massachusetts

Harwich is a town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States.

Orleans, Massachusetts

Orleans is a town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States.

Truro, Massachusetts

Truro is a town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States.

Yarmouth, Massachusetts

Yarmouth is a town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States.

Alford, Massachusetts

Alford is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Clarksburg, Massachusetts

Clarksburg is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Dalton, Massachusetts

Dalton is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Egremont, Massachusetts

Egremont is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Florida, Massachusetts

Florida is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Hancock, Massachusetts

Hancock is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Lanesborough, Massachusetts

Lanesborough is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Lee, Massachusetts

Lee is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Monterey, Massachusetts

Monterey is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Mount Washington, Massachusetts

Mount Washington is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

New Ashford, Massachusetts

New Ashford is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Otis, Massachusetts

Otis is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Peru, Massachusetts

Peru is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Richmond, Massachusetts

Richmond is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Sandisfield, Massachusetts

Sandisfield is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Savoy, Massachusetts

Savoy is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Sheffield, Massachusetts

Sheffield is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Washington, Massachusetts

Washington is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

West Stockbridge, Massachusetts

West Stockbridge is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Williamstown, Massachusetts

Williamstown is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Windsor, Massachusetts

Windsor is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.

Acushnet, Massachusetts

Acushnet is a town in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States.

Berkley, Massachusetts

Berkley is a town in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States.

Dartmouth, Massachusetts

Dartmouth is a town in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States. The area was the first part of South Eastern Massachusetts settled by Europeans. Dartmouth is the third largest town in Massachusetts. As of 2020 the towns population was 33,728. The town borders Westport, Freetown, Fall River, Buzzards Bay, and New Bedford. 

Dighton, Massachusetts

Dighton is a town in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States.

Easton, Massachusetts

Easton is a town in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States.

Freetown, Massachusetts

Freetown is a town in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States.

Monique Riley

Monique Riley (born 24 November 1995) is an Australian model, actress and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Australia 2022. She will represent Australia at Miss Universe 2022.

Riley was born in Sydney, New South Wales and originally from Queensland. She works as an executive assistant with a degree in creative industries from the Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane. She later auditioned for the National Institute of Dramatic Arts in Sydney, New South Wales.

Amid the new coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, which started in 2020, she worked part-time as a model and an actress in Sydney while serving as an executive assistant helping run her partner’s construction company.

On July 4, 2022, Riley was introduced as one of the seven Miss Universe Australia 2022 candidates from New South Wales. On September 9, 2022, Riley competed against 36 other candidates at the Miss Universe Australia 2022 at the Warner Bros. Movie World in Gold Coast, Queensland. In the competition, Riley advanced to the Top 10 and later the Top 5, before being announced as the competition's winner and was succeeded by Daria Varlamova.

As Miss Universe Australia, Riley will represent Australia at Miss Universe 2022.


Wick John O' Groats Airport

Wick John O' Groats Airport, or simply Wick Airport is an airport in Caithness in the Highland Council Area in northern Scotland. It serves the town of Wick which it is 2 miles north of and much of the rest of Caithness. There are several connecting bus services from the airport.

Wick Airport opened in 1933 as a grass airfield operated by Highland Airways Ltd. but in 1939 the RAF took over the airfield due to World War II and upgraded it giving it a solid runway and more Hangars.

Between 1976 and 2020 Loganair operated services to Edinburgh before they were discontinued because of the Pandemic. That same year Eastern Airways revoked their service to Aberdeen leave Wick Airport with no regular service. Eastern Airways and Loganair didn't reinstate their flights initially due to low demand but the Scottish Goverment offered £4 million to the Highland Council to bring back flights to Wick. In April 2022, Eastern Airways once again started flying to and from Aberdeen.

Bricherhaff

Bricherhaff (German:Brücherhof/Bruecherhof, Luxembourgish:Brucherhoff) is a Lieu-dit and Farmstead in the Commune of Contern in Luxembourg. It is on a slip road 150 metres long off of the CR132 main road. Bricherhaff is located atop the Syre River and is directly east of the Bruecherbesch which is named after it. It is also directly west of Brichermillen which is owned by the same person.

The name Bricherhaff likely derives from the person who built and owned the area following it's construction. There are other places called Bricherhaff and Bricher or Brucher was a common surname at the time of the Lieu-dit's construction. Also "Haff" is Luxembourgish for Farm therefore the name likely meant "Bricher's Farm".

Bricherhaff was constructed at some point in the late 18th or early 19th Century by the owners of the farm land surrounding it. It was built upon the Syre river and was a farmstead used to store farming equipment and house workers. The oldest mention of the name Bricherhaff of Brucherhof dates back to 1844 which a singular mention of the place. The first proper mention of the Lieu dit of Bricherhaff is on a newspaper published in July 1890 where it is mentioned that Bricherhaff is located adjacent to Moutfort and Medingen. The same infomation was mentioned once more in April 1891. An 1895 Gazetteer of places in Luxembourg contained Bricherhaff as well as Brichermillen. 

Various Community Funds were distributed to Bricherhaff in the late 19th and early 20th Centuries.


Bricherhaff stayed a small farmstead throughout the 20th century however was continually mentioned in newspapers and old documents. Bricherhaff was unaffected by World War I and In May 1923 it was a stopping point for the funeral tour of Mr Mathias Hemmen who died in Brichermillen. In February 1930 a Bricherhaff resident Bernard Lautwein was involved in illegal shooting and fined. In May of that same year, there was another similar incident. In Januaray 1931, Census data recorded the combined population of Bricherhaff and Brichermillen to be 30 and it was recorded and published by a local newspaper.x

In the 1931 Census the combined population of Bricherhaff and Brichermillen was 30 and the sinlged out population of Brichermillen was 17 therefore it had a population of 13.

You Better You Bet

"You Better You Bet" is a 1981 song by English rock band The Who and taken from their 9th studio album "Face Dances". It went to number 4 in Canada and was their last top 10 hit in the United Kingdom. It was also their last top 20 hit in the United States.

Fan

Fan commonly refers to:


Fan, FAN or fans may also refer to:



Cop Land

Cop Land is a 1997 American crime thriller movie directed by James Mangold and starring Sylvester Stallone, Harvey Keitel, Robert De Niro, Ray Liotta, Robert Patrick, Peter Berg, Frank Vincent, Edie Falco, Janeane Garofalo, Cathy Moriarty, Deborah Harry, Victor Williams. It was distributed by Miramax Films.


George Bancroft (actor)

George Bancroft (September 30, 1882 – October 2, 1956) was an American 
movie actor. His career spanned seventeen years from 1925 to 1942. He was cast in many notable films alongside major movie stars throughout his Hollywood years. He died October 2, 1956, two days after his 74th birthday.

Salvatore Biasco

Salvatore Biasco (31 December 1939 – 6 September 2022) was an Italian economist and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party of the Left. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1996 to 2001.

Biasco died on 6 September 2022 at the age of 82.

Ray Rippelmeyer

Raymond Roy Rippelmeyer (July 9, 1933 – September 9, 2022) was an American professional baseball player and pitching coach. He was a right-handed pitcher. He played for the Washington Senators in 1962. He coached for the Philadelphia Phillies from 1970 to 1978.

Rippelmeyer died on September 9, 2022, at the age of 89.

Menno Boelsma

Menno Boelsma (8 January 1961 – 10 September 2022) was a Dutch speed skater. He competed at the 1988 Winter Olympics in the 500 m and 1000 m events and finished in 16th and 24th place. He was born in Monster, Netherlands.

Boelsma died on 10 September 2022 at the age of 61.

Jack Ging

Jack Lee Ging (November 30, 1931 – September 9, 2022) was an American actor. He was best known as General Harlan "Bull" Fulbright on the television adventure series "The A-Team". He was born in Alva, Oklahoma. His career began in 1958 and he retired in 1994. Ging played college football for the University of Oklahoma.

Ging died at his home in La Quinta, California, on September 9, 2022, at the age of 90.

Ilja Seifert

Ilja Seifert (6 May 1951 – 10 September 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the Party of Democratic Socialism and later The Left. He was in the Volkskammer from March to October 1990 and in the Bundestag from 1990 to 1994, 1998 to 2002, and again from 2005 to 2013.

Seifert died on 10 September 2022 at the age of 71.

Javier Marías

Javier Marías Franco (20 September 1951 – 11 September 2022) was a Spanish novelist, translator, and columnist. His best known works were "A Heart So White" ("Corazón tan blanco," 1992")" and "Tomorrow in the Battle Think on Me" ("Mañana en la batalla piensa en mí," 1994). He was one of Spain's most popular novelists. 

He was honored with the Rómulo Gallegos Prize (1994), the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award (1997), the International Nonino Prize (2011), and the Austrian State Prize for European Literature (2011). 

Marías died of problems caused by COVID-19 in Madrid, on 11 September 2022, nine days before his 71st birthday.

John W. O'Malley

John William O'Malley (June 11, 1927 – September 11, 2022) was an American academic, Catholic historian, and Jesuit priest. He was a University Professor at Georgetown University. He wrote about religious history of Early Modern Europe.

Tiltonsville, Ohio

Tiltonsville is a village in southern Jefferson County, Ohio, United States. It is near the Ohio River. The population was 1,259 at the 2020 census. 

Krishnam Raju

Uppalapati Venkata Krishnam Raju (20 January 1940 – 11 September 2022) was an Indian actor and politician. He was born in Mogalthur, then-British India. He was a member of the Lok Sabha from 1998 until 2004 as a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. His first acting role was in the 1966 movie "Chilaka Gorinka". 

Raju died on 11 September 2022 in Hyderabad, India from problems caused by pneumonia while recovering from COVID-19 at the age of 82.

Swaroopanand Saraswati

Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati (2 September 1924 – 11 September 2022) was an Indian religious leader. In 1982, he became the Shankaracharya of Dwarka Sharada Peetham in Badrinath. Saraswati was born in Seoni, then-British India.

Saraswati died on 11 September 2022 in Narsinghpur, India from a heart attack, nine days after his 98th birthday.

Elias Theodorou

Elias Michael Theodorou (May 31, 1988 – September 11, 2022) was a Canadian mixed martial artist. He competed for the UFC in the Middleweight division. He won "". He was born in Mississauga, Canada.

He became the first professional athlete to be exempt for cannabis use in North America in January 2020.

Theodorou died on September 11, 2022 from liver cancer at the age of 34.

Anthony Varvaro

Anthony Michael Varvaro (October 31, 1984 – September 11, 2022) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Seattle Mariners, Atlanta Braves, and Boston Red Sox from 2010 to 2015. He later became a police officer with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Varvaro was born in Staten Island, New York City.

Varvaro was killed in a car crash on September 11, 2022 in Jersey City, New Jersey at the age of 37.

François Chau

François Chau (born October 26, 1959) is a Cambodian American actor. He was known for his roles as Dr. Pierre Chang in ABC's "Lost". 

Spencer Locke

Spencer Locke (born September 20, 1991) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Kylie in "Cougar Town," Jenny Bennett in "Monster House," Ione in "Detention", and K-Mart in the "Resident Evil" movies.

Mitchel Musso

Mitchel Tate Musso (born July 9, 1991) is an American actor and singer. He is best known for his three Disney Channel roles as Oliver Oken in "Hannah Montana", Jeremy Johnson in the animated series "Phineas and Ferb" and his Disney XD role as King Brady on "Pair of Kings".

He voiced DJ in the animated movie "Monster House".

2022 Papua New Guinea earthquake

On September 11, 2022, an earthquake of the magnitude 7.6 or 7.7 hit Papua New Guinea, in the northern part of Morobe Province. At least seven people died, four others were injured and some people are missing because of landslides.

Melanie Joy

Melanie Joy (born September 2, 1966) is an American social psychologist and author. She is known for creating the term carnism, which is the study and research about human relationships with animals and pets. She is the founding president of nonprofit advocacy group Beyond Carnism. She was a professor of psychology and sociology at the University of Massachusetts Boston. 

C. R. Das

Chittaranjan Das (5 November 1870 – 16 June 1925), popularly called Deshbandhu (Friend of the Nation), was an Indian freedom fighter, political activist and lawyer. He played an important role during the Indian independence movement. He founded of the Swaraj Party (Independence party) in Bengal during the period of British colonial rule in India. 

Chittaranjan Das was born in Calcutta on 5 November 1870. His family were members of Brahmo Samaj. Das was the son of Bhuban Mohan Das, and nephew of the Brahmo social reformer Durga Mohan Das. His father was a solicitor and a journalist. He edited the English church weekly, "The Brahmo Public Opinion". His eldest grandson was Siddhartha Shankar Ray (former chief minister of West Bengal) and his granddaughter is Justice Manjula Bose. He is commonly known as Desh Bandhu. It is an honorific name meaning "Friend of the nation". 

Chittaranjan Das again took the brief and successfully defended Sri Aurobindo Ghosh on charges of involvement in the Alipore bomb case in 1909. In his Uttarpara speech, Sri Aurobindo gratefully acknowledged that Chittaranjan Das broke his health to save him. Das made this last statement after an eight day long deliberation.

He was actively involved in the activities of Anushilan Samiti. 

Das was a leading figure in Bengal during the Non-Cooperation Movement of 1919–1922. He requested to the people to ban on British-made clothes. It set an example by burning his own European clothes and wearing Khadi clothes.

He was the first mayor of Calcutta. He beleived in non-violence and constitutional methods for the realisation of national independence. He advocated Hindu-Muslim unity, cooperation and communal harmony and championed the cause of national education. He resigned his presidency of the Indian National Congress at the Gaya (in Bihar) session after losing a motion on "No Council Entry" to Gandhi's faction. 

He then founded the Swaraj Party, with veteran leader Motilal Nehru and young Hussain Shaheed Suhrawardy, in 1923, to express his uncompromising opinion and position.

Das was also known as a distinguished Bengali poet. During the days of National movement, he published the first two volumes of his collection of poems titled ""Malancha"" and ""Mala"". In 1913 he published .""Sagar Sangeet"" (The Songs of the Sea). Sri Aurobindo was in Pondichery. He was in dire need of financial support. Chittaranjan offered him one thousand rupees as a token of his support for an English translation of the poem.

In 1925 Chittaranjan's health began to fail due to overwork. Chittaranjan went to Darjeeling to recuperate his health staying at Sir N. N. Sircar's house "Step Aside" in May 1925. Mahatma Gandhi visited him and stayed with him for some days. Gandhiji wrote,

He died on 16 June 1925.


1960 New York mid-air collision

United Airlines Flight 826 was a flight that collided with TWA Flight 266 on December 16, 1960. No one survived. It was the deadliest at the time. The accident became known as the Park Slope plane crash or the Miller Field crash, named after the two crash sites. The accident was also the first hull loss and the first fatal accident involving a Douglas DC-8.

United Airlines Flight 826, "Mainliner Will Rogers", registration N8013U, was a DC-8-11 carrying 77 passengers and seven crew members. It was travelling from O'Hare International Airport to Idlewild Airport (now John F. Kennedy International Airport) in Queens. The crew consisted of captain Robert Sawyer (age 46), first officer Robert Fiebing (40), flight engineer Richard Pruitt (30) and four stewardesses.

Trans World Airlines Flight 266, "Star of Sicily", registration N6907C, was a Super Constellation carrying 39 passengers and five crew members. It was travelling from Dayton and Columbus, Ohio to LaGuardia Airport in Queens. The crew consisted of captain David Wollam (age 39), first officer Dean Bowen (32), flight engineer LeRoy Rosenthal (30) and two stewardesses.

There was a initial survivor in the accident, Stephen Baltz, an 11-year-old boy from Wilmette, Illinois. He was travelling alone on Flight 826 to spend Christmas with his relatives. He was thrown from the plane into the snowbank, where the snow helped to put out the fire on his clothes. Although he was alive and conscious, he was severely burned and had breathed in burning fuel. Baltz died of pneumonia the next day.

The total number of fatalities of the accident would not be surpassed until a Lockheed C-130B Hercules was shot down in May 1968, killing 155 people. In terms of commercial aviation, the death toll would not be surpassed until Viasa Flight 742 on March 1969. The aircraft crashed on takeoff and killed all 84 people on board, as well as 71 people on the ground.

In 2010, on the 50th anniversary of the accident, a memorial to the 134 victims of the two crashes was revealed in Green-Wood Cemetery, Brooklyn. The cemetery is the site of the common grave containing the remains of those whom could not be identified.

The collision is covered in "Collision Course," the fifth episode of the first season of The Weather Channel documentary series "Why Planes Crash".

Vince Hayes

James Vincent Hayes (24 March 1879 – 1 June 1964) was an English footballer. He made his debut for Newton Heath in February 1901. At Newton Heath, which was renamed Manchester United in 1902, he suffered several injuries. He left United for Brentford in May 1907, but returned to United in June 1908. He helped the club win the FA Cup in 1909. He left United in November 1910 after scoring two goals in 128 appearances in his two spells at the club.

He later coached Norway at the 1912 Summer Olympics and Wiener SC and Vienna in Austria. From 1913 to 1919 he was player-manager of Rochdale. In 1923 he became coach of Atlético Madrid in Spain.

Loveridge's tree frog

Loveridge's tree frog ("Myersiohyla loveridgei") is a frog. Scientists have seen it on Mount Duida in Amazonas, Venezuela. Scientists have seen between 614 and 910 meters above sea level.

Dutch Cape Colony

The Dutch Cape Colony was a colony started by the Dutch East India Company. The colony was in South Africa, at the Cape of Good Hope.

Andrei Sychevoi

Andrei Sychevoi (born May 16, 1969) is a Russian military officer. He is a Lieutenant General of the Russian Armed Forces.

On 20 July 2022, Sychevoi became commander of Russian forces of the Western Military District. He replaced Colonel General Alexander Zhuravlyov. Sychevoi was reportedly dismissed from the post by 4 September 2022.

In early September 2022, it was believed that Sychevoi had been captured by Ukrainian forces in Kharkiv. It was believed by some to be Sychevoi because the captured officer looked like Sychevoi. However it was never proven be Sychevoi who was captured.

Battle for the Soul of the Nation speech

The Battle for the Soul of the Nation was a speech given by U.S. President Joe Biden on September 1, 2022. It took place at Independence Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Biden mainly talked about how former President Donald Trump and his followers, so-called "MAGA Republicans", were a threat to the country. Biden also talked about law and order issues around stricter gun laws and his support for the Department of Justice's and the FBI's investigation into Trump.

Biden also called Trump supporters as "semi-fascists". On September 4 in a rally, Trump called the speech "the most vicious, hateful, and divisive speech ever delivered by an American president."

Charles R. Schwab

Charles Robert Schwab Sr. (born July 29, 1937) is an American investor and financial executive. He is the founder and chairman of the Charles Schwab Corporation. He semi-retired from the company in 2008 when he stepped down as CEO, but he remains chairman and is the largest shareholder to this day.

In May 2021, his net worth was said to be $10.6 billion, making him the 210th richest person in the world.

Fritz Gschweidl

Friedrich "Fritz" Gschweidl (13 December 1901 in Vienna– 5 April 1970) was an Austrian footballer and coach. He played as forward.
Gschweidl started his career with Strebersdorf. Then he went on to the second league club SC Bewegung XX. In 1924 he came to First Vienna FC. With them he won five Austrian Championsship, three Austrian Cups and the Mitropa Cup. He retired from playing in 1948. He played 774 matches for Vienna.

He debuted in the Austrian national football team on 4th May 1924 against Hungary. When he became part of the so called "Wunderteam" (wonder team) he had already 27 caps. His last match was on 24 March 1935 against Italy.

From 1935 to 1948 he was playing manager of First Vienna FC. After his retirement in 1948 he became coach of Young Boys Bern. 1949 he went back to his profession as an accountant. He died in 1970 in Vienna.

William Klein

William Klein (April 19, 1926 – September 10, 2022) was an American-born French photographer and filmmaker. His works were mainly about photojournalism and fashion photography. He was seen as one of the most influential photographers of all time.

Klein died on September 10, 2022 in Paris, France at the age of 96.

Marcus Stewart

William Marcus Paul Stewart ("né" Tubbs; born 8 November 1972) is an English former professional footballer. He played as a forward from 1991 until 2011. 

On 8 September 2022, Stewart was diagnosed with motor neurone disease.

Alex Albon

Alexander Albon Ansusinha (, born 23 March 1996) is a Thai-British racing driver. He competes in Formula One for Williams Racing. Albon raced in Formula One for Scuderia Toro Rosso and Red Bull Racing and in DTM for AF Corse.

In September 2022, Albon was hospitalized and recovered from respiratory failure caused by appendicitis-related surgery.

Einsatzkommando

An Einsatzkommando were a group of about 1,500 soldiers who were a part of the Einsatzgruppen, which were German marksmen who lined up Jews in ditches and shot them.

Meteor (missile)

The Meteor Missile is used in beyond Visual range combat. It's main standout features is both is range and ability to retarget in flight.

Hossein Wahid Khorasani

Grand Ayatollah Sheikh Hossein Vahid Khorasani (; born Mohammad-Hossein Molla-Saleh (Persian: )‎; 1 January 1921) is an Iranian writer and Shia marja'. He was born in Nishapur, Iran. He is the head of the Qom Seminary. Khorasani is said to be the most learned Shia religious figure. His lectures and quotes have been used against the thinking of the supreme leader of Iran.

Lise Thiry

Lise Thiry (born 5 February 1921) is a Belgian scientist and politician. She was voted as one of the top 100 Belgians on a television show on the Belgian French-speaking public channel RTBF. Thiry was born in Liège, Belgium. She worked as a researcher and virologist at the Pasteur Institute and looked for ways to detect AIDS. In 1990, she became a Senator.

Thiry turned 100 in February 2021.

Ramsey Lewis

Ramsey Emmanuel Lewis Jr. (May 27, 1935 – September 12, 2022) was an American jazz composer, pianist and radio personality. Lewis recorded over 80 albums. During his career, he won three Grammy Awards. Lewis was born in Near North Side, Chicago, Illinois. His best known album was "The In Crowd", which won him a Grammy in 1965. He hosted a morning radio show on WCHI-FM until 2009.

Lewis died on September 12, 2022 at his home in Chicago from cardiac arrest at the age of 87.

Joe Hart (politician)

Joe Hart (May 8, 1944 – September 11, 2022) was an American Republican politician. He was the 11th State Mine Inspector of Arizona from 2007 to 2021. He also was a member of the Arizona House of Representatives representing Arizona's 2nd Legislative District from 1992 to 2001. Hart was born in Kingman, Arizona.

Hart died on September 11, 2022 at the age of 78.

Discourses on Livy

The Discourses on Livy, also Discourses or Discorsi, was written around 1517 and published in 1531 by Niccolò Machiavelli. 

It is a discussion about the history of early Ancient Rome. Although it strays very far from this and also uses modern political examples to illustrate points. Machiavelli presents it as a series of lessons on how a republic should be started and structured. 

While it more openly explains the advantages of republics, it also has many similar themes from his other works. For example, Machiavelli said that to save a republic from corruption, it is needed to return it to a "kingly state" using violent means. He excuses Romulus for killing his brother Remus and co-ruler Titus Tatius to gain absolute power for himself in that he made a "civil way of life". Commentators disagree about how much the two works agree with each other, as Machiavelli often refers to leaders of republics as "princes". Machiavelli even sometimes acts as an advisor to tyrants. Other scholars have pointed out the power-hungry and imperialistic features of Machiavelli's republic. Nevertheless, it became one of the central texts of modern republicanism.

Product rule

In differential calculus, the product rule is a rule that helps calculate derivates that have multiplication.

formula_1

formula_2.

Say we have the function formula_3.

The two functions being multiplied are formula_4 and formula_5.

We can set

formula_6 and

formula_7.

The rule needs us to find the derivative of both formula_8 and formula_9.

We can find formula_10 by first using the sum rule to split formula_8 into formula_12 and formula_13. After using the power rule, we have formula_14.

To find formula_15, we need to find the derivative of formula_5, which is formula_17, meaning formula_18.

Now we can substitute the values into the equation,

formula_19.

One definition of a derivative is

formula_20, and we're trying to find the derivative of formula_21, so we can first set formula_22 to formula_21.

formula_24

We can't really do much with this so we need to manipulate the equation.

formula_25

The formula_26 part is equal to formula_27, meaning it didn't change the value of the equation. Now we can factor,

formula_28, and because formula_29 approaches formula_27, formula_31 is equal to formula_32.

formula_33, and formula_34 and formula_35 are just equal to formula_15and formula_37.

formula_2.

Loire (disambiguation)

The Loire is a river in east-central France.

Loire may also refer to:


Le Chant des Wallons

Le Chant des Wallons ("The Song of the Walloons"; ) is the anthem of Wallonia in Belgium. It was written by Théophile Bovy in 1900 in the Walloon language. It (along with the region's flag and coat of arms) became officially recognized on 15 July, 1998.

Most of the time only the first and third verses are sung. Below are the full lyrics, with translations into English and French.


De Vlaamse Leeuw

De Vlaamse Leeuw (; "The Flemish Lion") is the anthem of Flanders, a region of Belgium.

Only the first two verses and their choruses are often sung.


Limburg mijn Vaderland

"Limburg, mijn Vaderland" ("Limburg, my Fatherland") is the anthem of two regions, Dutch Limburg and Belgian Limburg.

Most of the time only the first verse is sung, plus the second one sometimes. The fourth verse is not sung in Belgium because it talks about the strong ties between the Netherlands and the House of Orange-Nassau.

Anthems of the Soviet Republics

When it existed, the Soviet Union had a national anthem and regional anthems for each of its republics.

2021–22 Austrian Cup

The 2021–22 Austrian Cup was the 91st edition of the national cup in Austrian football. Red Bull Salzburg were the defending champions. 

The competition was held as follows.

Thirty-two first round matches were played between 16 July and 18 July 2021.

Sixteen second round matches were played between 21 September and 23 September 2021.

Eight third round matches were played between 26 October and 2 November 2021.

The four quarter-finals were played between 4 and 6 February 2022.

The two semi-final matches were played on 2 and 16 March 2022.

The final was played on 1 May 2022.


Saint Lucia national netball team

The Saint Lucia national netball team represent Saint Lucia in international netball. They have qualified for the Netball World Cup in 1979 and 2003.

Cressida Dick

Dame Cressida Rose Dick (born 16 October 1960) is a retired British senior police officer. She served as Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis from 10 April 2017 to 10 April 2022. She is the first female and the first openly homosexual officer to lead the service of the Metropolitan Police.

Dick joined the Met in 1983. From 1995 to 2000, she was a high-ranking officer in the Thames Valley Police. After earning a master's degree in criminology, she returned to the Met in 2001 and held senior positions in the force's diversity directorate, in anti-gang operations and anti-gun crimes, and in counterterrorism operations. 

In June 2009, she was promoted to the rank of assistant commissioner. She was the first woman to hold that post. She served as Acting Deputy Commissioner in late 2011 and 2012 during a vacancy in the office. She oversaw the Met's security preparations for the security operations of the 2012 London Olympics. Dick retired from the Met in 2015 to accept a position at the Foreign Office. But she returned in 2017 upon being selected by the Home Office to succeed Bernard Hogan-Howe as Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police, becoming the first woman to hold that position.

Mark Rowley

Sir Mark Peter Rowley QPM (November 1964) is a British senior police officer. He is currently the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis since September 12, 2022.

He was the Deputy Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis for Special Operations and concurrent chairperson of the National Police Chiefs' Council Counter-Terrorism Co-ordinating Committee and National Director of Counter Terrorism Policy. He was previously Chief Constable of Surrey Police (2009-2011), and was also Interim Deputy Chief Constable of the Metropolitan Police between February 2017 and April 2017. He retired from the police in March 2018. In July 2022 , it was announced that he was returning to policing as the City's Police Commissioner, replacing former Commissioner Dame Cressida Dick. He was right in as Commissioner on 12 September 2022.

Myersiohyla aromatica

Myersiohyla aromatica is a frog. Scientists have seen it on Tepuy Huachamacari in Amazonas, Venezuela. Scientists have seen between 1700 meters above sea level.

1946 South American Championship

The nineteenth edition of the South American Championship in football was held in Buenos Aires, Argentina from 12 January to 10 February. This tournament, an "extra" edition with no trophy handed to the winners, is considered official by CONMEBOL.

The participating countries were Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia, Chile, Paraguay, and Uruguay.

Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru withdrew from the tournament.

Each team played against each of the other teams. Two points were awarded for a win, one point for a draw and zero points for a defeat.

7 Goals

5 goals

4 goals

3 goals

2 goals

1 goal

Own goal


Succession (TV series)

Succession is an American satirical black comedy-drama television series created by Jesse Armstrong. It premiered on June 3, 2018, on HBO. The show is about a rich family fighting over to have control of Logan Roy's (Brian Cox) company and money. It also stars Jeremy Strong, Kieran Culkin and Sarah Snook.

"Succession" has been very popular with audiences and critics. It has won the British Academy Television Award for Best International Programme, the Golden Globe for Best Television Series – Drama, and the Primetime Emmy for Outstanding Drama Series. 

PnB Rock

Rakim Hasheem Allen (December 9, 1991 – September 12, 2022), better known by his stage name PnB Rock, was an American rapper and singer. He was best known for his single "Selfish" (2016). He also worked on XXXTentacion's hit single "Changes". He released two studio albums: "Catch These Vibes" (2017) and "TrapStar Turnt PopStar" (2019). Allen also released five mixtapes. 

Allen was born on December 9, 1991, in Philadelphia. His stage name, PnB Rock, comes from an acronym for streets Pastorius and Baynton in the Philadelphia neighborhood of Germantown. He was mainly raised by his mother because his father was murdered. As a teenager, Allen got legal issues.

Allen had two daughters.

Allen was shot dead at Roscoe's Chicken 'N Waffles, a fast food restaurant, during a robbery in Los Angeles on September 12, 2022. He was 30 years old.

Three people were arrested.

Jack Charles (actor)

Jack Charles (1943 – 13 September 2022), also known as Uncle Jack Charles, was an Aboriginal Australian actor. He was known for his activism for Aboriginal people. His best known roles were in "The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith" (1978), "Cleverman" (2016) and "Preppers" (2021).

Charles died of a stroke on 13 September 2022 in Melbourne, Australia at the age of 79.

Fabian Picardo

Fabian Raymond Picardo (born 18 February 1972) is a Gibraltarian politician and barrister. He has been Chief Minister of Gibraltar and Leader of the Gibraltar Socialist Labour Party since 2011. The Picardo´s administration highlights for being in favor of Gibraltar remaining in the United Kingdom, and a certain hostility towards Spain. This has led to his being known as ""Pirata Picardo"" (Pirate Picardo).

Chief Minister of Gibraltar

The chief minister of Gibraltar is the head of His Majesty's Government of Gibraltar.

Peter Caruana

Sir Peter Richard Caruana, (born 15 October 1956) is a retired Gibraltarian politician. He was the Chief Minister of Gibraltar from 1996 to 2011 and Leader of the Gibraltar Social Democrats (GSD) from 1991 to 2013.

Caruana was named Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) in the 2013 Birthday Honours for services to Gibraltar.

Joshua Hassan

Sir Joshua Abraham Hassan (21 August 1915 – 1 July 1997), nicknamed ""Salvador"" ("Saviour"), was a Gibraltarian politician, and first mayor and Chief Minister of Gibraltar for more than 20 years.

Robert Peliza

Sir Robert John Peliza KBE GMH ED (16 November 1920 – 12 December 2011) was a Gibraltarian politician. He was the Chief Minister of Gibraltar from 1969 to 1972.

Adolfo Canepa

Adolfo John Canepa, CMG, OBE, GMH (born 17 December 1940) is a Gibraltarian politician. He was the Leader of the Opposition. He was the Chief Minister of Gibraltar from 8 December 1987 to 25 March 1988. He was also the leader of the Association for the Advancement of Civil Rights (AACR).

Elizabeth Bolden

Elizabeth Bolden (née Jones; August 15, 1890 – December 11, 2006) was an American supercentenarian who, at the time of her death at age 116 years, 118 days, was recognized by Guinness World Records as the then-world's oldest living person.

Elizabeth Jones was born in 1890 in Somerville, Tennessee, the daughter of freed slaves.

She married Louis Bolden (1892–1955) in 1908, and their first child, a son, Ezell, was born on September 21, 1909. Elizabeth and Louis Bolden had three sons and four daughters and raised cotton and subsistence crops on farmland near Memphis until the 1950s. Only two daughters were living at the time of Bolden's death in 2006; they were Queen Esther Rhodes, who died in 2007 at age 90, and Mamie Brittmon. At the time of her 116th birthday in August 2006, Bolden had 40 grandchildren, 75 great-grandchildren, 150 great-great-grandchildren, 220 great-great-great-grandchildren and 75 great-great-great-great-grandchildren.

In her final years, Bolden resided in a Memphis nursing home that she had lived in since she was 109, and was described by her family as unable to communicate. They requested that media attention (such as interviews and visits) be limited. While she was the world's oldest person Bolden was rarely seen in public.

She was photographed for two different books in early 2005, and was featured in "Jet" magazine in May 2005 and the Memphis "Commercial Appeal" in June 2005. For her 116th birthday, new photographs were released for the first time in almost a year, and her family said that she was looking forward to her birthday.

Elizabeth Bolden was verified in April 2005 as being the oldest documented resident of the United States since the death of Emma Verona Johnston the previous December. Prior to this, Bettie Wilson, had been the oldest known American. After the death of Hendrikje van Andel on August 30, 2005, she was thought to be the world's oldest living person until December 9, 2005, when María Capovilla was authenticated as older. She became the oldest living person following Capovilla's death on August 27, 2006. This was officially confirmed on September 17, 2006, by Guinness World Records.

At the time of her death aged 116 years 118 days she was the seventh-oldest undisputed person ever documented. After her death, Emiliano Mercado del Toro became the world's oldest person and Julie Winnefred Bertrand became the world's oldest woman. She was the last remaining undisputed person born in the year of 1890.



Olga Zammitt

Olga Mercedes Zammitt OBE, JP, (born 31 August 1940) is a retired Gibraltarian teacher. She was the Mayor of Gibraltar from 1 August 2009 to 31 July 2010.

Mayor of Gibraltar

The Mayor of Gibraltar is the ceremonial official of the British overseas territory of Gibraltar. Since 1 June 2021, Christian Santos GMD has held the position of Mayor of Gibraltar.

Joseph Bossano

Sir Joseph John Bossano (born 10 June 1939) is a Gibraltarian politician. He was the Chief Minister of Gibraltar from 1988 to 1996 and Leader of the Gibraltar Socialist Labour Party from 1978 to 2011. He was Leader of the Opposition from 1984 to 1988 and 1996 to 2011.

Bossano was appointed a Knight Commander of the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George (KCMG) by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II in the 2018 New Year Honours.

Operation London Bridge

Operation London Bridge is the funeral plan for Queen Elizabeth II. The plan includes the news of her death, the time of mourning, and the details of her funeral. The plan was made in the 1960s. It changed many times before her death on September 8th, 2022.

The phrase "London Bridge is down" would be used to tell the death of the Queen to the prime minister of the United Kingdom and key people. Saying the phrase would also start the operation. Many government departments, the Church of England, Metropolitan Police Service, the British Armed Forces, the media, the Royal Parks, London boroughs, the Greater London Authority and Transport for London are a part of the plan.

Many more plans were also created to help Operation London Bridge, such as Operation Unicorn, the plan that explains what would happen if the Queen were to die in Scotland. 

Because the Queen died in Scotland, Operation Unicorn was also started.

